Rum and coke was my spirit tipple of choice as an underage drinker, almost certainly because it tastes like plain Coke with a little funny aftertaste – ideal for my underdeveloped taste buds. Now that I’m slightly more grown-up and actually enjoy the taste of nice alcohol, I can’t break the association between the taste of Cuba Libre and the escapades of my younger self, including but not limited to: getting thrown out of a bar when I left my wallet (including both fake ID and real ID) in the toilets; dry-humping in the dorm lounge at 3am; getting into a bitter fight with my roommate over some aspect of “Beauty and the Beast” I don’t even remember.
Iquique, Chile
The only cheers from the crowd come up now, as the Titantron shows a camera that is zoomed up on the well endowed ladies that showed Da Infamous DiZ love when he walked out or came to the ring. He gives the ladies a thumb up. The English born beauty blows him a kiss.
– It’s not some funny thing, man,
Fox News in the US, meanwhile, continues to lose viewers. His manically Rightist views (so incessantly pumped out, the Channel was voted Most Biased News Station in the US last month) are not in vogue at the moment: we could argue all day and night about exactly why, but the bottom line is that Fox’s ratings declined again last quarter (Apr-June) by 6% – and significantly, 14% in the 25-54 demographic. Newscorp’s other problem here was (until recently) Glenn ‘Bonkers’ Beck, a presenter so clearly off his head, Murdoch eventually had to dump him because corporate America stopped buying airtime in his slots. But the guy did have an audience, and it hasn’t been replaced.
May 25 – Austin Music Hall (Austin, TX) *
2003 – Stem cell therapy in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a methodological approach in humans
Sure Thing: Viola Davis (Lead Actress), Octavia Spencer (Supporting Actress); Best Bet: Picture; Possible: Jessica Chastain (Supporting Actress), Tate Taylor (Adapted Screenplay), Costume Design, “The Living Proof” – Mary J. Blige (Original Song)
operatic words are meaningless
First, the screening area is surrounded by contoured, blast-proof glass that can contain the detonation of up to 100 kilos of plastic explosive. Only the few dozen people within the screening area need be removed, and only to a point a few metres away.
"Build and the other signatories of the so-called community-benefits agreement are Bruce Ratner's partners. They are contractually obliged to speak on behalf of his project," said Daniel Goldstein, a spokesman for the anti-arena group Develop Don't Destroy Brooklyn. Mr. Caldwell, the group's current president, and Marie Louis, its treasurer, said late last month that Build was not yet receiving money from Forest City and that neither of them was yet drawing a salary.
Vanessa lines up her shot, takes it. The Arsenal Keeper, at full extension, gets a hand to the ball, slowing it to a crawl. Crawling, Vanessa’s shot still crosses the line for the point.
On the subject - No surviving IPA has been around longer. Long before its relatively recent 'relaunch', this beer had already been around for almost 200 years. It's nearly always found in bottled form these days, with only rare appearances in casks.
Anyway, it feels good to have some needed items in our home and REAL FOOD! Our apartment is nice and I really can't complain much about it... we have a pretty great set up! I can't wait until our box of stuff and my computer arrive on Friday so we can feel a little more at home. I am NOT looking forward to turning in our car today. I am not a fan of relying on buses and taxi's to get us around, especially with two little girls and a huge stroller (which I love, but still it is heavy!). So we'll see how it all goes. I'm feeling MUCH better about this move now that I have gotten some sleep. Before I was feeling super overwhelmed with everything going on, little sleep, and realizing that we are not in suburbia anymore. Downtown city life is MUCH different! So here is to a new adventure for the next 12 weeks while Nate completes his internship. We really feel so blessed to be here!
Sings of walking,
Don't forget Christmas and the office parties are coming soon.
This week has been a wash. No way around it. I have not counted one point nor have I cared. I remind myself daily that I have this amazing vacation coming up where I am going to be walking daily and want to look back at the photos and feel proud. Yet I succumb to the powers of ice cream and burritos.
August 30th I’ve noted “Sad day, customers picking up tires, many of them thanking me for giving them great service”. I hadn’t decided 100% to close down but was pretty close to it and knew I had to look after my customers before I did anything.
My previous writings about Pixmania, after some previous bad experiences:
- How to choose a jury (Ginsburg)
June 3rd, 1920 - November 5th , 1988
Make a huge bow and add some small brass charm over it.
My sweet little firsties are reviewing fact families. We just keep on keepin' on.....
Because nothing says you’re filling a necessary void like an excruciatingly detailed exposition of your journey with psychotropic medications, therefore a blogger is beholden to describe her course in its entirety, stops and starts, gains and losses, why I changed my mind, then changed my mind again, til I came upon the final wisdom, whether from compliance to non-compliance or non-compliance to compliance and the road back to where I was before the meds destroyed my fill-in-the-blank, the fact of the matter is every veil that falls from my eyes will be validated by matching veils falling from your own. Or else.
--The Pack winning the Superbowl. Seriously, I was excited for the game, but I had no idea how happy I would be that they won. I'm feeling so much Wisconsin pride this week, it's unreal.
Last year, the U.S. Navy bought 59,000 microchips for use in everything from missiles to transponders and all of them turned out to be counterfeits from China.
It has come to our attention that this website contains a number of comments about individual UKBA staff members (notably Mr Ian Sked) which are of an extremely aggressive and personal nature.
"The development is in the order given, Master," I said. "But I do not recall that you ever asked before which was highest."
So, it’s “Cumpleaños Feliz” to Gran Via. Happy Birthday. According to the ayuntamiento, the official date is the 4th of April. But after a turbulent century of ups and down, war and peace, prosperity and poverty, it’s time for a facelift.
Now on to my argument: accessible post-secondary education provides both individual and collective benefits. If an individual invests wisely in post-secondary studies she is likely to find higher paying work upon graduation and will earn more over the course of her career. On a collective level we as a society benefit from having more people graduate from universities because it makes us smarter, innovative, and more competitive. As such, it is to our benefit to have well-funded world class universities which act as engines of economic growth.
Because that is the underlying rule, expectations of behavior in this God-breathed place are surely different than in the places ruled by contract. The practice of loving God and others must be learned slowly, much as an artist or musician learns their skills. First, we master the basics, and then once those basics are thoroughly integrated, glorious creativity has room to flourish.
Right now we’re going to hold it all together as best we can, by the grace of God. God has given us a platform, a footing with university students that we cannot relinquish. It’s been a gift of God that somehow we have had the favor to gather people and propel them out for God’s kingdom agenda around the world. Passion 2010 will be back in Atlanta. We’re expecting somewhere between 20,000 and 25,000 university students here from around the world.
Other supplies: Cosmo Cricket pattern paper, October Afternoon pattern paper, Ali Edward stamps (my other obsession thanks for Nichol Maguorik), Brads, circle punch, Martha Stewart Leaf border punch, glossy accents, Tim Holtz Distress Ink.
I lost my mother during the year. In fact, it will be a year this month. I can't believe how much harder it is a year later than even in the beginning. I wish I had held her hand more, had her over to the house more, sat down after a full day of shopping to have that cup of tea she always offered. I miss her.
Anyway, enough of that…! We chatted to other pilots and pored over maps before parting with £5 as we hopped on the chairlift up the hill. Wow, this is civilised!
The Case of the Overprotective Ass: Stars of the silver screen Alasdair Hamilton and Toby Bowe are wowing the post WWII audiences with their depictions of Holmes and Watson. When they are asked by a friend to investigate a mysterious disappearance, they jump at the chance—surely detection can’t be that hard? But a series of threatening letters—and an unwanted suitor—make real life very different from the movies.
fold
As part of GiRL FeST San Diego, a lecture and panel discussion was hosted at San Diego State Friday titled “War on Women: Human Trafficking in the U.S.” GiRL FeST is a nonprofit festival with the purpose of “changing peer culture in order to prevent increasing violence against women and girls through education, art and positive representations of women.”
"Yeah, not to bad John. George was asking me if I'd seen you earlier. Have you caught up with him yet?"
“You’ll never lose them. Let me explain. You probably don’t realize you’re in the middle. Being in the middle is when you died but you didn’t leave. You stayed here, but I know you already know that.”
A lot of feelings. You always called it misery and you said that I became miserable since you left. Loneliness. Emptiness. Confusion. Anger. Self-pity. And many others that I may have forgotten along the way. Forgotten… Yet a simple joke, a song, a TV show or what-have-you can be like a huge force that destroys a dam that keeps the flood of memories from freely flowing.
“we cant let you have the parcel without the docket”
VIDEOS
The class ran for about an hour and a half and I have to say that there was a lot of info jammed into that session. We were giving a duo-tang with a lot of helpful handouts about almost everything you could think of during your pregnancy, and the good part is these classes and everything you are given are free. The public health nurse who was teaching the class was very informative and helpful, answering any questions that were asked. There are 3 more classes left and they are held every Tuesday from 7-9pm.
When I begin to realize that I've been mistaken for furniture it's a tough call to know when to call it a night. If you wait around the crowd thins out but there's no guarantee that anyone will come over and ask you to dance (or return a well thrown cabecco).
Oh, before I go, I wanted to ask all you UK girls a question..........
Division II Bulletin Preseason Top 25
The beer poured a very clean and clear pale yellow with a large white head. The carbonation was easily seen as many tiny bubbles rose up through the glass. The head left thick lacing on the side of the glass. Lemon and citrus aromas were the most prevalent but also a dry and yeasty element were noticeable as well. Despite being dry hopped (with US grown hops) the aroma was not as intense as I would have thought (not necessarily a bad thing). The beer was also fermented with a tradition Belgian yeast which is where the style originated.
My companion for trip was none other than our 42K!
Nathan Brown — Assistant Professor of English
It's Hard To Be A Saint In The City 6:58
Eric was busy shuffling between our home which was about 40 minutes away with our then 21 month old and the hospital where we were. We wanted Conner to have as normal a life as possible after the new baby came. I know Eric was torn between being with me and taking Conner home to be with him. We both decided he would take him home and come back the next morning. Eric left me with a hug and a kiss. We wanted Conner to be able to sleep in his own bed as much as possible. After he picked him up, my mom came to the hospital to be with me. I remember my her walking into my room. I started crying as we were packing up my things.
It’s hard to fathom that kind of anti-Indian feeling so soon after 1971. But from all accounts, anti-Indian feeling was a strong part of Bangladeshi politics a generation ago. Taher motivated his jawans by claiming that Khaled was an Indian puppet. And six years later, after killing Zia, Manzur declared the 25-year treaty of friendship with India null and void.
Send your wedding to melissa at masterpieceweddings dot net and we'll check it out!
Funky Mama Bird
10. Why do you believe that you did not lose weight or you gained the weight back?
Those cats were, hell they still are, cool as ice and smooth as glass and I suppose I have Elmer to thank for providing this teenager a safe out to make such a claim.
back for the cost of invading their country by
I remember a few days ago a co-worker asked why I was jogging so much and if it was because I wanted to get skinnier for Korea. I had to think about this and the answer is no, I don’t want to necessarily get skinnier I want to get more fit and look fit.
sure did try it all!
2031.E-XI/18/1973. On Athens and Watergate. St. Louis Post-Dispatch, November 18, 1973, p. 2-C; Chicago Sun-Times, November 20, 1973, p. 35; Chicago Daily News, November 20, 1973, p. 8; University of Chicago Maroon, November 20, 1973, p. 2; Hellenic Chronicle, Boston, Massachusetts, December 13, 1973, p. 21.
Stay. I like the way you kiss me there, and there and especially where,
Forgive the brevity and lateness. Between new baby girl and internet and laptop issues, this is the first chance I've had to get online (seriously).
When news broke that the Petrino passenger (Jessica Dorrell) had been promoted to work in the football office just a week or so before the accident that set this mess in motion, it was clear that Petrino had likely sealed his fate with the Razorbacks. Say what you want about “morality clauses” (the mere idea of which in big time sports at any level amuse me a little bit), but Human Resources rules trump all, and at that point Petrino ran afoul of every Human Resources rule put in place since the Clarence Thomas hearings.
The ending, it was sudden, a breath so sharp and true
4. If you have children, a battle may be required. I am talking about their rooms, the place where few parents are willing to tread. Posters on the wall come down. Now. Beds made, clothes in the hamper. Yes, the closets must even be organized. If fully realize this may sound like Mission Impossible IV, but it must be done. Threats and bribery are highly recommended to achieve the desired results!
Something big like this :
My grandchildren will be coming to stay tomorrow, their parents have a wedding to attend on Friday, so not a lot of crafting will take place whilst they are around... but it will be fun!
4 stars out of 4. Immortal film.
Oh and one question for your next Sunday sound-out - DO you really read all the comments or do you just approve all? :) - Lucille
Today the Design Team are featuring two of the new stamp sets that will be released, these are Clearly Sentimental About Anniversaries and Clearly Sentimental About Art (which will be May’s Triple Scoop set).
"The largest of these, the Nimrod Prospect in 350m depth, and most likely reserves in the event of success are estimated to be greater than four billion barrels," he told parliament.
On my machine it goes from 1-9 but I only ever roll it to 8.
plot to cause violence through
Thanks for checking in.
In the call with his House GOP colleagues, Boehner said he still hopes to slice as much as $4 trillion out of the federal budget over the next decade, despite the collapse of talks with President Obama on Friday over a bipartisan “grand bargain” to reduce the government’s spiraling debt…. –
Anyway, I used to work in advertising so this, for me, is in part going back to the day job.
When Paul was writing Timothy this letter, the New Testament had not been formally written and put together. This would mean that Paul was referring only to the Old Testament when talking about Scripture in the above verse. Knowing this……
"Audrey often played characters who went through some kind of transformation, both inside and out. But in real life, Audrey always knew just who she was, and just where she had come from" and
On this land, the newlywed couple settled down to raise a family. In 1855, a daughter was born, whom they named Mary Susan Ray. In 1858 a son was born to the couple, Thomas M. Ray, Jr. and in the spring of 1860 Mary A. delivered another son, Charles F. Ray.
Then I had a whiskey and K went to fetch Oldest from the train and Youngest returned.
looking at the sky.
A mother with a child in the army, in a combat unit, in danger, is even more frantic – if she has the courage to even attend and listen. You know you should be thinking about them...but really, so much of the time your thoughts turn to your own. I didn’t have the courage the first year. I can say that now and feel a bit of shame.I couldn’t. I'm not sure I went the second year either. I think it was only the third year, after Elie had been in the war...and he was with me, that I was able to go. And even then, my thoughts were on Elie. “Please, God – keep him safe. Thank you. Thank you for watching over him. Please keep him safe.”
She sent me a picture of a couple rustic looking hooks she liked and I plan to try and mimic them, but I’d also like to make a few with some personal flair; just see what she likes. I haven’t really made a lot of these sort of things because knives, axes and the like have just always drawn my attention. Something about growing up a fantasy geek. But as I’ve explored the world of metal work more and more over the past few years I’ve grown to have a real appreciation for decorative ironwork. I’m glad to have a reason to make something. Direction is something I’ve struggled with at times and with a growing list of to-dos it’s nice to have more things to do than I can handle. Now lets just hope my fuel cost and j-o-b obligations don’t threaten to keep me from swinging a hammer too much!
(Thanks to Ann who sent me this via e-mail)
Please leave a comment, and all those who do will qualify to win Happy Hour! I’ll draw the winner on March 7 (always TWO days after I post the daily book, unless it’s a weekend, I may allow for more time), and I will post the winner’s name at the TOP of this post, in the highlighted area.
Bob asked me about my inspiration for the lyrics ”You’ve got the PEACHES, I’ve got the cream”. I told him about my mother who was from the Peach state, Georgia. (The above is my parent’s car on their wedding day in Texas on December 1955.)
So let's figure this one out. Where do they get this?
Oyster Mushroom, 1 rice bowl
Multiplying in a column M by F do we get one or two as a result? May the body stay glued to the soul, may the soul fear the body. Do I ask too much? I only wish the crucible of tenderness would melt memories, and I would sleep, my cheek
Anyway, here are some snapshots from the weekend:
‘Places To Go’ has a similar slow laid back and faintly melancholic feel and insidiously attractive melody, portraying a restless drifter not quite sure what he is ultimately looking for, as he admits he “might be looking for something that just can’t be found”. But he’s moving on anyway,
I love in Calgary , Ab and when Falls starts here it's kind of depressing. Depressing because I know that for a few weeks the trees will look radiant, then they'll lose their leaves and the cold and snow will start. I'm a Northern California girl, born and raised. Five to six months of winter is not something I'll EVER get used to. Yes I've lived here for eleven and a half years, but I still miss having a real Fall. A Fall that lasts for a couple months, not a couple weeks. This time of year always has me missing home.
Taking care of Polly has brought me into direct and immediate contact with the mysterious world of women. While I thought I was ready for this, it turns out that, much like in rock climbing, there is a distinct difference between visualizing a route and executing the climb. From the ground it can be relatively easy to pick out the series of points one wants to hit, but up on the cliff, getting through those points is never that simple. With each move upward, new details emerge and new options appear, creating questions that challenge and complicate the previously established choices.
Lastly, DO REMEMBER TO SUPPORT INDEPENDENT BOOKSHOPS! The bookselling industry is changing rapidly at the moment with the expansion of ebook publishing and online book buying. I’m guilty of it too – I live in the Italian countryside and I love receiving my used Amazon books and I have a 10kg luggage limit with Ryan air, so I won’t be bringing many books home with me. But if you’re here tonight you’re probably a book lover anyway so do continue to savour independent bookshops. Hang out in them, order your copies from them. Go inside and order my book! Thank you I’ll now read two short excerpts and then I’ll ask any questions you may have.
I always get a little down just after Christmas. Nothing to serious mind, its not like I’m going to suddenly hang myself with sparkly tinsel or anything. I think its more a combination of having a solid two months of literally everything screaming at you “Its Christmas!” and then the day being over quicker than the space between two heartbeats. Its bound to leave you a bit blue, and all those decorations and lights always serve to remind you that its all over and there are no more presents to unwrap. Which sucks.
How come we don’t all seem to follow the same code?
I'm waiting, like, for visitors out of the air.
Good stuff, the Tom Yam paste. One seasoning was all I need for this yummy plate.
I knocked on the door and a lady I didn’t recognise opened it. But when I looked over her shoulder I saw the most intimidating line-up of Twitter avatars – except they were living and breathing.
Every night after closing time, the books held readings in the darkness of the library. No need to shush for quiet, they all held their breath in anticipation of these precious hours. One book would lean forward and read aloud from it's own pages as much as could be spoken before dawn.
Causing a sonic boom.
In addition, UK car emissions are dropping: just over 4% in 2011 against 2010 and nearly 31% comparing to 1997. To hit the EU target - cars must have emissions less than 130g/km by the end of 2012 and 95g/km by 2020. In England we trust.
"You girls today have so many choices. In my day you got married or maybe if you were real brave you taught school or became a nurse. Nowadays girls can be jockeys or steelworkers . . . or even priests. Funny! I don't have anything against a female jockey -- women have always been good riders -- and I don't even mind if some girl sets her heart on a blowtorch and a hard hat, but I just can't go along with women priests."
Anyway, I’m sure it’s because the Botanical Gardens is a “Bird Sanctuary,” that we get such a variety of birds in this nearby residential neighborhood.
9/12 – Philadelphia, PA – North Star Bar
I mean we don’t talk about it, but our discontentment with life shows: we grumble, get angry at small things, eat too much, drink too much, drive too fast . . .
I pull my phone out and inspect the time.
But Mr Robinson, 28, real name Stephen Lennon, who has 75,000 Facebook backers, said: “I think we would get millions of votes.
The other day I was spending some time with my 2 year old niece. We were driving home from the mall, chatting about random things. One of the things she said was, “I told someone at the mall that I weigh 30 pounds. What’s your number?” Of course, coming from a 2 year old, it’s a totally innocent question and means nothing. But it made me sad for a minute, because I know that in less than 10 years there is a very very good chance that she will be obsessed with, and believe that she’s defined by, all of her “numbers.” Weight. Size. Inches. Pounds. Calories. Grams. I wish for her that a massive miracle happens and that somehow she finds her way through all of that without losing herself in it.
1 movies
There is one question I want to ask you before we get to that, because that’s the conclusion of the discussion.
A Good Reminder to Focus ON staying IN the day!
Over 16,000 songs were submitted for the contest this year. Judges for the contest this year included Tom Waits, Tori Amos, Ozzy Osbourne, Simon le Bon, Lucinda Williams, Jeff Beck, Robert Smith and Trombone Shorty.
Maxi skirt, I made it
It might be raining.....
Milby TH, Whorton MD, Stubbs HA, Ross CE, Joyner RE, Lipshultz LI.Testicular function among epichlorohydrin workers. Br J Ind Med 1981; 38: 372-377.
There are so a lot vendors offering this sort of solution, but it is always essential to select the preferred of them. Head lice treatment should always be repeated in a gap of 7 days if you get a permanent result. Once you recognize their symptoms, do you recognize when you may have one, and you can begin to find medical focused immediately. Traditionally henna plant eject is deployed for dark hair, while camomile deployed to facilitate it.
On the next screen, I have the option of eFiling or printing the 1099s on pre-printed forms. When I clicked on eFile, it was unclear what could happen next, so first I'm going to try and chat with a specialist. Hum the theme from "Jeopardy" here.
NASA is now attempting to see whether such accuracy exists in the human behavior spheres also. This is precisely the time the controversy in AP broke out about behavioral aspects of the predicative behavior model.
Well, it is painfully obvious to the People that those are not our
Anyway, Debbie of From Venting to Viggo fame and I were laughing last Saturday night about how we're both a friggin' pain in the ass because we're so damn fussy about everything. I thought of her during my flight. The plane was two-thirds empty--Yay, right?--and I like to sit in the back because you have the best chance of having some room to yourself. So I get myself all situated with my Altoids, pen, People magazine and USA Yesterday (they don't publish on the weekend) folded to the crossword--I'm all situated--and what happens but a couple sits right in the row in front of me.
Baby Krishna
Then my fourth partner appeared.
Favourite Pattern: Polka dots and gingham - don't make me choose between them
“You’re so fucking dumb”
Within Desteni there is a saying – Knowledge without application is useless – and that is very true when I look at myself where I gathered extensive knowledge about the functionality of the system and humanity but I did not apply this knowledge in real life – I wasn’t even writing it out where I could actually internalize that knowledge and make it clear for myself where I put all this knowledge in my own words as a statement of actual understanding and where from there I would change and live that knowledge as myself testing it in the real physical world seeing whether it works or not. Instead I accumulated knowledge from different books and articles and eventually I got lost in it not being able to actually be clear on any point or issue because this knowledge wasn’t mine but borrowed.
What he didn't say was that he had pocketed millions from lobbyists, unions, hedge funds, health care providers and real estate firms.
step in the careers of writers such as: Kate Atkinson, Tobias Hill, Carol Ann Duffy
Here is the closing passage from a book I almost wrote: the biography of an Italian archaeologist. There were personality problems. It may still get written…
Now, most of the apes I know would consider giving sex lessons to be like teaching someone how to scratch an itch. Certainly, any human who offered gorillas mating advice would be hooted out of the jungle with his underpants pulled over his head. As an ape who prides himself on being a student of humanity, I have pondered the question of why humans, of all the primates, have to be taught how to do it. I believe the answer can be summed up in three words: the human female.
Tasty drink, but bad idea to have sweet and sour on top of brunch and then running for the bus.
Nothing like being caught on the wrong side of the law, when you were once a law enforcement officer. Noone will understand better what walking down that long corridor means than Sylvia Puig. Hopefully, she has good Karma. It would be good if she weren’t a crooked officer. What would make a wife shoot her husband? He was lying in bed and she shot him?
acceptance as an entrenched member of the village
ground
“Yesterday, in an op-ed piece distributed on his e-mail list, Elmasry accused Prime Minister Stephen Harper of being a racist, saying the PM remains indifferent to Omar Khadr’s plight because the young man is “brown-skinned.”
To show their usefulness, at least in the case of S.U.C.C.E.S.S., the article provides the example of a Japanese immigrant who was unable to find work in Vancouver so S.U.C.C.E.S.S. helped her open a flower shop. But if she was unable to find work then why is she in Canada if there are no jobs for her here? How is her opening a flower shop beneficial to Canadians? How many jobs does that create and how many are well paying? How does it improve our standard of living? It contributes to economic activity but so does a crime wave. In any case economic activity does not equate quality of life.
So please don't think I'm gone, I'm not. I check in here and there. On weeks when I'm not bogged down with tons of studying I will post or read blogs. Thanks for sticking with me. Thank you for all those who blog so I have something to read to get my mind off of school work.
Words are easy
For those who don’t know yet, there will finally be a live action version of Rurouni Kenshin, a anime/manga of a wandering swordsman setting wrongs to rights in a newly formed Meiji era.
The 7 laps the horses had to run represented the days of the week.
Since I am home for a while, I am taking this opportunity to learn some domestic skills and work on some unfinished projects. As I need structure in my life in order to be happy, I have created this rough scheduling system where I set four simple goals I will accomplish each day. These range from doing household tasks to taking the time to contact friends. It gives me a sense of routine in my life and makes me feel as if I’ve accomplished something each day. I have included a screenshot of my day plan (not showing the parts that have other people’s names on it for privacy reasons).
Plain Jesuits—and triple villains to boot.
Preheat oven to 350 and lightly grease a 9x9 in baking dish. I used an oval shaped Corningware.
12-I Roy-Don't Get Weary Joe Frazier
Dress the cucumber with the vinegar and olive oil and season to taste with white pepper.
That to me is unacceptable. Not just for my daughter’s sake, but for all children like her. And they need to have one near by, even if it means in EVERY classroom, along with letting the children that are old enough and mature enough to carry one around on themselves. Then, there is no question in timing. Pull it out and push it in to the leg.
your chairs. We just finished building a double desk in our bedroom and I was hoping to someday find nicer chairs for us other than our mismatched, old rolling computer chairs that look wrong in a bedroom. These would be perfect.” No, I’d never write that. I mean there wasn’t even a picture of the chairs so I really didn’t even know what to expect.
There have been rumors of warehouse fires. As of this moment in time there has been no warehouse fire. However, harvest is still underway and everyone is still at a heightened alert status, because this is the time of year for spontaneous combustion.
These monopolies control their markets killing off the competition by getting corporate welfare from their friends in government. They destroy our environment as did British Petroleum, and The Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf-of-Mexico in April of 2010. They spilled 100s of millions of barrels of petroleum into the Gulf killing wild life, destroying the health of 10s of thousands of people, closing down 100s of local businesses, and contaminating the land for 87 consecutive days. It’s still contaminated two years later with blooms of petroleum floats around in the ocean. It’s going to take hundreds of years for the Gulf to clear up from these toxic waters filled with oil. There were 225,000 claims file against BP, and The Deepwater Horizon and they settled for 7.8 billion in this law suit, or about 27,000 per claim this was an abuse of political power. http://globalwarming.house.gov/spillcam
Here is a little description about this piece and my current body of work: I incorporate college materials I collect from recycled magazines, newspapers, and old books. I then dissolve the printed color pigment with a special solvent and turn the printed material into what appears to be dreamy watercolor studies. In turn, I rip those images apart and start assembling a “skeleton” of sorts on the canvas. I think in terms of color and texture. I break down and then build back up; erase, yet reveal. I use numerous layers of paint, washes, glazes, medium, spliced text, handmade paper, tissue, and gesture marks to make the piece appear to be a unified surface; My intention is to create layers of information through my technique; leading your mind’s eye on an aesthetic journey. It is a form of communication, and contradiction.
Just perfect for hiding
Kang Suk accidentally heard the conversations of other military officers participating in WOC.
Cliffhanger: Light decides that he’s going to use the Death Note to kill off all the criminals and evil people to create a world full of only the kind-hearted people he accepts. He declares that he’s going to be “the god of this new world.”
I think that this was probably two coats with some sort of top coat. I don't usually mind the weird Borghese brush, but I had difficulties with the formula. It was such a thick cream that even brand new, it just wanted to goop.
The trial does not proceed well for the defense, as there is considerable evidence against Stampler and public opinion holds him almost certainly guilty. When Vail confronts his client and accuses him of having lied, Aaron breaks down and transforms into a new persona, a violent sociopath who calls himself "Roy." He confesses to the murder of the archbishop and throws Vail against the wall, injuring him.
describe. Once here, it is clear why Suzanne doesn’t write often. It
Calendula is known for its healing properties, for being anti-bacterial and anti-inflammatory. This fine soap produces a lovely lather, but is kind to the most sensitive skin. Contains no artificial colors or preservatives, which are often found in many store-bought soaps.
Laverne has begun hunting again. The moon is full and it's time.
We are most richly blessed just because God cares so much for us that He gives us what we need, more than what we think we need. We don’t know how to pray, but can rejoice because Romans 8:26 says,
It is called association on purpose—getting around the right people who bring you happiness and help you grow personally and professionally without negative drama by expanding your circle of influence.And when you do that, you will naturally limit the relationships or employees that are holding you back emotionally. Give it a try and see for yourself.
Moses took the bones of Joseph with him because Joseph had made the Israelites swear an oath. He had said, “God will surely come to your aid, and then you must carry my bones up with you from this place.” (Exodus 13:19)Joseph traveled more after his death than he ever had while he was alive. His bones were carried as the Israelites traveled to the foot of Mt. Sinai. His bones went with them as they came to banks of Jordan. His bones turned back and wandered with them through the wilderness for 40 years. And after the death of Moses, the bones of Joseph were carried into Canaan and accompanied the Israelites on the conquest of the land. Finally, after the death of Joshua, the bones of Joseph were laid to rest "beneath the green, green grass of home."
8. Do you have good vision?
Rita, if you're reading (which I'm sure you're not--I'll send you a nice little email instead) I know that you are way cooler and smarter than me. It just so happens that we came up with a similar looking quilt at about the same time. Go figure! By the way, I love your work!!
17. Truth Serum (Feat. June Marx)
The whistle shrills to the picket—
And the lonesome Japanese brand – Orbis! I’ve come across Orbis in Japan and Taiwan previously, but never actually bought anything from them. I remember reading Jenn’s review of the Foam Esthe Pack and thinking I’ve got to get my hands on this! So I was super happy to find an Orbis store in Korea! I also got the Aqua Force Oil Cut range to try as they were running a promotion and we all know I’m just a sucker for promos.. lol..
But lay an Opal on her breast,
“Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me.”
Just for fun, I put together this little grouping of Gwynie’s 3rd-7th grade layouts.
After months of clicking through homes and feeling like Goldilocks--this one's too big, this one's too small, this one's outrageously overpriced AND too small, this one has no soul, this one has lots of soul but no yard, this one's a gem but in a run-down neighborhood (I've rented and owned my share of those, thank you very much)--I stumbled last week upon a fixer-upper. That's a glimpse of the living room in the photo above. It's a Victorian on a pretty, tree-lined street in one of my favorite neighborhoods. It's near coffee shops, restaurants, and nature trails, it has a large old barn out back and, while the yard is on the small side, there's plenty of room for gardening.
But it isn't that cut and dry, is it?
Leslie Soule lives in Sacramento, California. Fallenwood is her first fantasy novel. She has received her B.A. in English from Sacramento State University and is currently working on her Master’s degree in
I did get the measurements a wee bit wrong on the bands under the ruffles so I had to add in an inch or two of extra fabric. That explains the sticky up ruffle at the back. I've learnt to really concentrate on my measuring for next time.
My Islam is a downpour on a sunny summer day
As you can see from the photo above, it's not just the women who are good looking. (I'm just saying...)
happening now, how should we respond?
Here’s me in my reading pose during nap time! I have a Kindle so I’m technically holding my entire library in my hand! I am currently finishing up Chalice by Robin McKinley. Not her best, but a fun fantasy read.
5. Sanctify your Surroundings (environmental)
Not those which made your father king
even though it lost its flavour pretty fast. Big Red, however, was popular and benefitted from some good marketing, as did Doublemint. Who knew there were so many blandly attractive twins in the world?
In Mein Kampf, Hitler expressed great admiration for Mussolini and did in the early days regard Mussolini as his teacher so at least part of Hitler's National Socialism is traceable to Mussolini's innovations. As noted, however, Mussolini did NOT reciprocate Hitler's regard and correctly divined and loathed Hitler's murderous personality from the beginning (Andriola, 1997). Hitler's mania about the Jews was also one reason why Mussolini derided Nazism as a doctrine of barbarians. Few modern-day Leftists would argue with that judgement.
Hello, and welcome!
finding one final container of homemade tortilla soup made with last year’s tomatoes. I could taste summer in each bite.
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Eduardo…..
But my warlock’s offhand scepter did make her look deliciously spooky.
I told him that i was angry for all that what had happened and whta he had tried to make me feel jealous!!
Step 9. Remove your clear soap from the double boiler and let cool. You are now ready to pour your clear melted soap into the molds. Pour slowly, to cover and surround the pieces. Let sit and harden for 12 hours.
Child marriages are a worldwide phenomenon, particularly in rural areas with high poverty rates and closely-guarded ancient traditions. In parts of Sub-Saharan Africa, South Asia, The Middle East and even the U.S. underage children are forced into marriages at the behest of their families. In recent years, American officials have cracked down on fundamentalist polygamist sects in Utah and Texasknown to pair adult grooms with child brides. Other countries provide less legal clout needed to protect young girls. In Yemen where, there is no punishment for families who marry off an underage daughter, about half the country’s brides are under 15. In Saudi Arabia, there is no minimum age for marriage at all. An 8-year old girl found this out in 2009, when the Saudi courts denied her annulment request. At the time, her husband was 58.
This might be the case of the FBI actually catching some criminals in the process of doing something violent, but it seems to resemble other cases of “stings” that are little more than Government arrest of politically unpopular and marginalized speakers.
As the pathway that frees the flow of cognition
Here, you need Wonderbread. Yup, I said it. Wonderbread. This is not a platform for good sourdough or chewy baguette. I like Wonderbread (the wonder is at the ingredient list and remarkable, consequent, pillowy softness) and I will eat it once or twice a year in an emergency. Toasted cheese on the braai is the response to an emergency of homesickness. It is like taking a pill to stop the jitters. I imagine.
2) The Monster has decided he does not play with girls. It would be like a pig being friends with a frog, you know.
Here are a few pictures of some of the fun things we have done so far this summer.
But this festival is different than many music festivals for a few reasons and again, that is why the hosts have decided to allow a public gathering on their sacred land:
Toubab Krewe will donate one dollar from every CARNAVALITO ticket purchased to Instruments for Africa, a not-for-profit organization that aims to empower underprivileged and at-risk youth in Mali through the preservation of traditional music and arts. Toubab Krewe and Instruments for Africa have launched a campaign to build the Krewe House, a music school project set to break ground in 2013. For more information, visit instruments4africa.wordpress.com.
Annual protests in memory of the Tiananmen demonstrations remain a taboo topic in Beijing.
Then you can start giving the fabric a twist to make the "petals." Try to rotate the twists as you go around the rose so they are not always in the same spots and the "petals" are off centered. I added a dot of glue to the outside edge each time I made a twist...
I continue to sit as a cool breeze blows against my neck.
whose men plant the bombs and then live feeling free
* substitute: 2/3 cup cake flour + 1/8 tsp baking powder + 1/8 tsp onion powder
Night fell, and we heard the damnable wails of wild things in the distance. We were alone, nothing to shelter us and the moon loomed overhead, leaving us naked to searching eyes. I looked at Sorry and she was fearful, clutching at her baby. We didn't stop that night, but padded on into the darkness. The howling came louder to our ears until we could feel the hot breath of a circling pack. They were wary, but also they were many. Sorry was tired and finally she sat heavily to the ground. She put the baby under her legs and picked up some of the many stones that lay in the dirt. I waved my sticks into the air and yelled loudly. The baby cried, and the cretans slobbered and gibbered in the night, hoping to sink their fangs into the soft thing we protected. One of them came near, I saw it hunched wickedly on two legs, its hairy arms curled and slashing madly in my direction. I quickly lunged at it, striking it in the face and it cursed madly, falling away. They were smaller than we, and weaker. This land of no substance had made them frail, but they were starving and desperate. Sorry finally slept, exhausted, and I swung my weapons about in a circle until the moon fell away from a rising sun. The creatures slunk away into the shadows, bleeding from the many wounds I had laid upon them. She awoke as I fell, not caring any more, and Sorry gasped aloud.
Length/Playtime
Sounds easy enough. I think I can, I think I can. I know I will. (Just a little pep talk to get me going).
And I say, what better way to celebrate than to give stuff away???
Ok, now you gotta forgive me again for going all foggy brain weird AND Trek speak weird please!
Look I don’t want to bore you for too long so I’ll just suggest a couple of others for you. Over in Austria, a chap named Norbert Schneider sang this very “different” number called Medicate my blues away. It couldn’t be further away from the Trackshittaz. Norbert’s into his blues in a big way, and although this wouldn’t normally be my Tasse Tee, I rather like its smooth chirpiness. It’s the title track of his new album too. It didn’t make the superfinal in Austria – probably to his credit.
sung with hum drum accompaniment
Stamps: Mike $
The Premiers office in the Borgen Copenhagen. The study visit is true not fictional.
ever danced in the wounded light
Monday morning came, daddy left and when Luke woke up, it was gramma who went up to get him. He took one look at me and backed into a corner of his crib. Oh, man... I thought this is going to be a looooong week!
The flashes of color are too scrumptious for me to resist! I can't wait to start working with these, I just hope I can part with them ;)
It took about a year of MathMan's taunting to get me to pronounce cement with the emphasis on the second syllable. To get me to say inSURance instead of INsurance and umBRELLa instead of UMbrella. A few years in the South have sort of undone that, but I'm able to switch back and forth pretty easily because even if I don't speak with a clean Midwestern non-accent accent, I'm aware of when my words begin to drawl out like a hot afternoon.
But right now, all I can do for those in Parliament who want to ignore these issues because Bob McCoskrie’s penis might get angry at them is remind them of this:
Ben, Gabriella and I took Nyla for a walk Wednesday evening before bed. Gabriella ran into the house and changed into cute purple and white paisley pajamas (slightly too big) and dress shoes and announced she was ready for the walk. I compromised on the pjs but suggested more sensible shoes. Ben held the leash on the first half of the walk and Gabriella on the second half. Nyla doesn't really walk on a leash yet, not in a straight line on the sidewalk as you might imagine a dog on a walk. She follows her nose into yards and then greets each of us then goes back to the sidewalk. If you aren't careful you can get all wound up in the leash. So imagine Gabriella walking saying things like "Come here girl! Good girl! I love you Nyla! You are such a good, good girl!" Every few steps she pauses, raises the arm holding the leash in the air, twirls to untangle herself and then pulls up her shorts with a swift tug at the end of each twirl. This happens about repeatedly all down the street. Such a big girl!
McDonalds has certainly come-on-board with some of their healthier options. Yet it can be hard knowing if they really are “healthy”. And if you are in the habit of ordering the same meal every time you visit, it can be difficult breaking the cycle. The triggers and temptations still remain.
Sigler AT, Lilienfield AM, Cohen BH, Westlake JE. Radiation exposure in parents of children with mongolism (Down’s syndrome). Bull John Hopkins Hosp 1965; 117: 374-399.
Did you know they made a movie based on this book? I had no idea. Where have I been?
MH: I've had similar things happen with my wife, especially when reviewing books. She'll say things like "I don't think you liked it much. You barely told me anything about it." Which is a bit of a check for me to get at what didn't click. Once you know you like a project enough to want to publish it what is the process? And without mentioning any specific titles do any of the projects you ever want to do get turned down?
As an owner you can also benefit from FREE race-course entry and FREE or reduced price facilities including meals, refreshments, private boxes etc.
A1: Our new kitty died.
I'm sorry but there is really something wrong if you think you need to have plastic surgery before your wedding, unless of course you were in a horrible disfiguring accident.
Somehow the conversation turned to guides and guardian angels. I don’t remember if we were debating the existence of each or of their attributes as they existed. As I looked up from my plate to my friend opposite me I remember saying: “And your guide is a western Indian. He is a golden Indian. And he’s standing right behind your left shoulder.” I said it nonchalantly and off the cuff without thinking. That’s how it came up in the conversation.
Weddings are supposed to be all about the fun little details, right? Well, no, weddings are *supposed* to be about the commitment of two people to one another. It sure seems like that "little" fact gets lost in the To Do Lists and the party planning and the sorting out of a hundred little decisions every time I turn around, though. For the most part, planning a wedding is fun, I guess. Until it's not. Until the first time in this whole process that I completely psych myself out.
a foto finish. This is NOT an official foto-finish foto. Check back here for official “processed” results.
There were two boxes of coffee with it too. Isn't this a wonderful color? I love it and had coffee in it this morning. Now you can choose your flavor! I like Green Mountain coffee and there is that too. I will look for DD and Kona for it. Anyway, I was so excited, as it will be so nice to have it when I just want a cup. I told you I had a wonderful daughter in law. The rest of the story is, they weren't supposed to do anything for me as they had just surprised me with 2 new tires and new brakes on my car. I had the two front ones replaced earlier,and there weren't many miles on them. They had been run low on air. Who would do that? Heaven help me.lol Anyway this was last week. God has blessed me with the most wonderful children.
Just as Natalie gets inside the building, Sasha sees her and bangs on a window to get her attention. Ther killer also finds Sasha, and corners her, while Natalie can only watch. The killer swings the axe several times at Sasha, though we don't get to see any part of her death. When he's done, he looks through the window at Natalie and waves.
I just wish I had a real place to put it, or at the very least a stand for it. A frame wouldn't do me much good because it's attached to the orange and I can't hang pictures in my room. As I recently learned when I tried to hang my other picture.
Nowadays, Brins hangs his hat in the warmer climes of the Canary Islands, is back and forth to Jamaica, London and elsewhere working on a number of album projects. We swap tales of suitcase living as a pair of grizzled dreads that constitute a percentage of Steel Pulse hang around the background.
John isn't around, but he is one of these handsome BAD AZZ type dudes. With 7 motorcycles and 7 tatoos. The baby snugli he wears has skulls on it. John is cool. AND SO ARE HIS FORMER JACKETS. I never knew how badly I needed a motorcycle jacket until this morning. And the fit on one is PERFECT. PERFECTO. It is a new jacket too.
100 One Arm Perfect Presses (each arm always starting the movement with a Hammer Curl-Rack Hold-Press)
Since our founding in 1924, volunteers have been the driving force behind the American Heart Association. The very first meeting of the AHA was attended by six volunteer physicians who were deeply concerned about the challenges of heart disease.
The size 8 star showed her beautiful figure off in a photoshoot wearing several different outfits and said: “The curves are back, well and truly. I’ve got my boobs and bum back and, yeah, I like it. I think it’s sexy.
and bestow the
"Hi," I said, "Nice day!"
Rights, Freedoms and the Rule of Law
25.The Wild-Dear Noah
-Follow my blog (2 additional entries-leave 2 comments)
Now that Facebook is going public, it’s time for me to quit. Slavery is long over (in the U.S., at least), and I’m not ready to be sold for a mere one hundred and twenty-five dollars.
Okay, this is weird. I want to know how many writers have had this happen.
Yeah, two more chairs and they got a
I’ll close with a last thought on mindset from Confucius, “The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential… these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.”
Occasionally I bring lunch for my kids in school. I love observing the children in school especially the little ones. It is even more fun to watch the young ones at the beginning of the year. Watching them struggle with breaking a hard boiled egg shows me the independence that a child learns away from home in big school for the first time. It is quite a wonder to watch them really.
Twenty years old and on my second trip to Europe, here is an excerpt of what I wrote to my parents after staying with the family of Eric, the Parisian exchange student whom we had hosted the previous summer:
* protection of confidential information in court proceedings;
I’ve seen houses boarded,
Depending on the individual schedule, you might also have more academic days than a traditional school schedule. We don’t, because we only have school Monday through Thursday, which gives us lovely 3-day weekends to enjoy, which works better for us. As long as we have a comparable number of ‘in class’ days, I figure that’s plenty (though we do log school time in our ‘off’ weeks, we just don’t do formal, sit-down work).
#3 Stumble this giveaway on Stumbleupon.
Unfinished projects, everywhere—
I know I haven't been posting as much as I use to. The truth is work is really kicking my butt and I just don't have time or don't feel up for blogging when I do have time. But I have been reading so many great new (to me) blogs lately. I thought I would share them with you. Most are fashion or I hate to say it "mommy blogs". I know there is a dislike for most "mommy blogs" out there but the few below are great even if you don't have children like me.
Congratulations to Karyn and Chris and thank you for letting snap & tumble be a part of your special day!
Bull & Bush Pub & Brewery Yule Ale
What do you think about the role drugs play in our society? Would love to hear your opinion/comments/questions in the space below!
up and without iron
"We will continue to push for the names and positions of public servants involved in social grant fraud. It may very well be that the individuals involved are in senior positions and have significant influence over the system and databases," Walters said.
Dress - YR16, Y11, 35, BG57 and also touches of Spica Turquoise
A side note, relating to casting: some of the themes of the film deal with the ideas of ageing and female empowerment. At one point Stone's character bemoans the fact that she had to stand down as the poster girl for her cosmetics company because she has turned 40. (Stone herself has made similar comments about the lack of decent film roles for actresses over a certain age.) Although this seems a topical reference point, the film doesn't expand on the idea. The chance to make a valid point about Hollywood's – or indeed any beauty-obsessed industry – fixation on youth and fixed-age looks isn’t taken.
The question I kept finding myself asking was: What caused Didi and Gogo to become tramps in the first place? No one is born a tramp and yet, somewhere along the line, the wanderlust takes a hold of certain people. What would cause someone to one day up and leave everything and turn into homo peripateticus, aimlessly wandering the roads? There are plenty of recorded cases of men who have, for no apparent reason, abandoned their lives and been discovered, often hundreds of miles away, living completely different lives and unaware of what they’ve done, but there are more who, to escape what’s going on at home, simply run away. Is that what happened to them?
I easily took my dry fava beans, tossed them in a small Crockpot with enough water and started it on high for about an hour. When the beans come out of the Crockpot, they should be slightly firm on the outside and soft on the inside. I like to just break one in half to assure they are done (then I pop it in my mouth- shh). A quick rinse of the cooked beans to remove gas making properties, and then I was off to make this super easy recipe. It was so easy and the finished product reminded me so much of my favorite Arabic foods. The final dish tastes a lot like a slightly less creamy Ful Madamas but with American herbs – aka Thyme. The moon sliced onions give it a slight crunch and the vegetable sauce gives it a homey creamy texture to well round the entire dish. We served the bean mixture with organic wild rice, artisan salad and a partial piece of Trader Joes Baked Tofu. Totally Perfect!
Carries six passengers tightly squeezed
Happy Saint Patrick's Day!
While that might suggest race and ethnicity are no longer important when it comes to targeting a young, socially savvy consumer, that’s not exactly true.
It was a great day. I’m so proud to call this smart, beautiful, little “big” girl my daughter.
Bake in the oven for 12-15 minutes until slightly puffed and springy to the touch.
day in April to celebrate our birthdays. Thomas turns 7 today, while Isabelle turned 6 on Monday, They are cousins, born almost a year apart. They are also my two oldest grandchildren, and though I know we aren’t supposed to have favorites, they do hold a special place in my heart because of it.
now that i know how quick and painless this quilt block design is, i'll probably want it in a quilt version!! i mean... they are really fab!!
The group signed to Jacklyn records, which was run by John Haygood (stepfather of Darrow Fletcher). The resulting record was written for the "push and pull" dance craze, and this record certainly WAS made for the dance floor, although it sounds great ANYWHERE.
Did I scare you? Good. Now here’s how to save your skin (and quite possibly your life).
Now...I tried to be a good girl. I made the zebra cake. And it was a dismal failure. Wanna see??
We'd love to have you along for the ride!!!
Since then the Government, with some assistance from Europe, has attempted an “Operation Stable Door”. The Irish Commissioner has been salvaged. Solemn and “legally binding” assurances or declarations on some of the other problematic issues for Ireland have been promised by our partners. The Government can point to these as evidence that Europe has come to meet us to justify putting the issue to the people again. With the economy in freefall our need for friends in Europe, which constitutes our comfort blanket, has never been greater. Whether the voters will agree remains to be seen. There is a dangerous argument gaining currency that Europe will have to bend to our wishes, that the other 26 can do nothing without us. These are Interesting Times. I would not bet the family silver on that outcome!
We all learn, from day one, that we should never burn our bridges when we part ways with our employers. After all, we no longer live in an era where we serve only one employer throughout our working life.
Originally she wanted a long dress
I made my card in a button shape and embossed it with the "Divine Swirl" embossing folder. I also used the baby carriage stamp that came with my cuttlebug and the button border from "just my type".
ruffle the tides
Universal Musik Noise was a female fronted indie band that functioned out of San Francisco in the early-mid 80’s. The band consisted of six members, who centered their attention on their vocalist leader - Lela. It looks like the enterprising Lela even had her own record label, which issued this LP in a limited fashion. The band plays with edge and carries a post punk influence throughout. At times Schizophrenia holds true to name and runs through quirky experimentation tangents with over the top vocals, but all and all - it’s what you would expect from a private press independent offering. Some above par post punk highlights – “Our Land” and “Come Sleep With Me”….More information can be found on Discogs…An intriguing set of 11 songs…Out of print via Lela’s Lovely Label, San Francisco.
Oh well, we had fun just as a group of gals out on the town. Dinner was good, we ate at Hazrd Rock. The nachos still rock.
And maybe I should have said something to them personally... but why? when clearly there is nothing left in these friendships to salvage.
Wow Day 11 already, the days are whipping by. I no sooner post a pic and time to do another one.
Introducing Writer Beware's Swag Shop for Discerning Scammers. Choose from these exciting options:
How long do you think it will be before the Badawi administration crumbles under the weight of the lies perpetuated by those from within?
Pant: ASOS
Mr Incredible travels quite a bit for business, so he's an ace when it comes to packing. He can fit five days of clothes in a duffel bag and a quarter of our big suitcase. Love him. And now that Boo is old enough to sleep in a bed and eat from regular plates and use a bathroom, her packing has gotten seriously lighter.
This single page 12x12 layout was made using mostly papers from Echo Park's "Playground" line (plus a couple of solids from Stampin' Up). I am a HUGE Echo Park fan - their papers are wonderful to design with! I used the Cricut Essentials cartridge to cut the navy blue "merry-go-round" wheel at 9 1/2". The orange circle behind it is 10", and the white circle behind that is 10 1/4". The cut isn't really meant to be a merry-go-round, but I thought it kinda looked like one and went with the paper and theme. I also cut the arrows from Cricut Essentials, all at 3", including the white shadows.
1/3 tsp salt
Author: Rachel Vincent
Please, please, please help support this amazing show.
So I won't be afraid, though I have much to fear.
- Lifetime 5% discount in all BrewDog bars
If you look at this close up on the pink popsicle, you can see that the Neenah is a much softer paper, and it easily feathers if you don't let it dry a little between layering colors. This gets to be a big problem when you're working with intense reds and other dark colors.
...Be still and know God's presence in and around you.
zest from 1/2 lemon (about 1t)
What do you think about it? In my opinion it's very nice and it might be success. It's a little similar to the Porsche GT :) Below, short movie from the Auto Show in Detroit
I am crazy for settees...it seems no matter where I am I gravitate towards them in many different styles and fabrications. Whether your style is traditional, contemporary, European or anything in between, you are sure to find one that will fit in perfectly!
So it was after lunch today, I was craving something more than the poulet sandwich I had grabbed, but didn’t want (another) yogurt or pastry. So I stopped by a little chocolatier/boulangerie and got a fruit salad.
“Shut up.” I cast him, opening one eye. Uppinder’s not scanning me, though–he’s got his peepers planted on the display above my berth–the exact copy of the one above his that I can see–that lets you scan the telemetry data of the pod. We’re still a barnacle on the can, but not for long.
A brief introduction:
The Rays beat the Blue Jays 5-2 on Sunday Afternoon thanks to eight strong innings by Wade Davis. Their five runs all came on the long ball: B.J. Upton and Ben Zobrist hits homers in the first inning, Evan Longoria went deep in the third, and Kelly Shoppach homered in the sixth. Combined with Boston's doubleheader split, the Rays now sit one game behind the Sox in the AL wild card race, with three games to go.
I now want to redecorate my apartment in leather. I was so obsessed with these Cowhide leather chairs at Lamberts restaurant that I spent half the dinner photographing them. Home decor is about the only thing that will tear me away from food.
BF-EW, BF-JM
4,000 years ago so we could take solar panels
Hello Ivan,
The boy whose life and dreams and love I wanna share
MH: Everyone having a different career is how I've always seen it. Now I've heard rumors that the Jumper movie sequel is in the works again. Are you privy to anything?
What was your favorite part of writing Another Place on the Planet?
This cheeky little fellow,
For the winners, it's a pretty substantial prize that could take their beer and their business to a whole new level and market. The competition is open until the 27th of September.
Thanks to all this month's participants, both designers and hoppers! Great inspiration!
Egypt Uprising: Leading Sunni Scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi Calls Upon All Young People of Egypt to Join the Revolt
Maria stands alone on a dark sea shore. The waves are strong that night, crashing against the sand like angry strikes against the earth. In the reflection of the water Maria can see all the night sky. Each star in motion as if they found life within the waters of the sea. The moon shone through brightest of all, full and beautiful like a mother to all the sparks of light surrounding her. The beauty of the night sky always fascinated Maria. She often found herself looking up at it when the night was clear, but there was something special about nights like these when the sky was clear, the moon was full and the waves were strong.
He sat up, his body shaking, and I pulled the blanket up over his shoulders as tremors wracked him. He gripped the cover with one hand and took mine in his other. It was not a fit, I knew, but an icy chill stole over me. “I had a vision.”
When considering companies, the vital thing to think about is whether it’s suitable for your digital cameras or personal computer. (Generally, Most of these get terrible critiques only because customers didn’t make use of them appropriately, or produced them for an element that was mismatched.)
that they fear
Lauren – 74 (30.08%)
To somewhere, which you feel you know
Mediocre students found him boring. It was a different story for me. I had heard of anthropology, of course, as a kid, but my eyes were glued on science. Once I entered college, I thought I would leave behind the things that fascinated me as a kid; fossils, tales of Amazonian and Polynesian explorers, storytelling, how human bodies were put together (and taken apart), martial arts, strange plants and what can be done with them, cannibalism, archaeology, foreign languages, etc. Under Davis' tutelage, I learned that all these are exactly the sorts of things that anthropologists study. Took me a year to switch majors, but once I did, I never looked back on the biologist I might have been.
It's funny but there was a time, back in my prime, where I knew I was virtually invincible.
Manager Nigel Adkins has done a magnificent job and replicated Norwich City in achieving back to back promotions and ending up in the Premier League. Adkins has won 60 of his 98 games in charge which is remarkable and deserves to be praised and in my opinion will be a success in the Premier League either with Southampton or in the future with another club. I think he deserves a chance in the Premier League as all of his teams play football in the right way and love to get the ball forward and attack. The passing game the Saints have employed this year has been very good to watch and has cut open many opposition defenses. The only disappointing thing for Adkins is that he has failed to win both League 1 and the Championship but I don’t think the fans should care as they have gained promotion and are now back in the big time, which seemed very unlikely when they were relegated to League 1.
6.) Do you see yourself writing any new young adult books in the near future?
I've had the hardest nine months of my life. My marriage has broken up. I've been solo parenting two young children who don't sleep. I don't always get a chance to eat properly because I'm focused on taking care of them. I've been breastfeeding and or pregnant continuously for almost four years now. My weight loss is a sign that my body is under a lot of pressure.
Hello there! And how was your weekend? Mine was good, I played dodgeball of all things, and I'm so sore! I guess I haven't used my dodgeball muscles in a while. Or ever. Anyway, a couple things: First! You can still enter to win the Q-Tip Prize Pack giveaway right HERE! Winner will be chosen later today. And Second! Sara from The Tang Way recently interviewed little ol' me, and you can read all about it right HERE! And Third! Here comes some better after goodness, hot and fresh from the oven for you:
Thelonious Monk: The Labeling of a Jazz Icon
What is happening here?!
I don't know what I like about you, but I like it a lot.
My 3rd Buenos Aires Tango adventure, Saturday, May 14, 2011 day 96
If you have always wanted to try your hand at stitchery, these hand embroidered cushions would be the perfect project. Also great for using up fabric off cuts you may have tucked away in your sewing cupboard.
I had a perfect day - presents at home with my boyfriend, mum and nan (plus the puppies), Christmas lunch cooked (to perfection!) by the boy and then Christmas evening with his family. It was lovely :).
But this is not about which charity to donate to. Or which 3rd world country you should run off to to film a documentary.
To the outside world, Daniel and Penny Cartwright have it all—a lovely home, a beautiful daughter, successful military careers and a rock-solid marriage. But when Daniel makes a reckless mistake, the foundations of their marriage are shaken. Now he's got to act fast to keep hold of his precious wife. Daniel launches a campaign to win Penny back: he has just a week to do whatever it takes to make her fall in love with him all over again.
Not Esau’s name was changed. The story of Jacob and Esau is an interesting and informative account of how God used what man does to do what he wants to do.
The "outdoor" varieties, meanwhile, are actually able "to be buried within a hillside"; however, they "must be able to withstand the bearing pressure of any overlying material, eg. soil or snow. This is usually addressed by making the caving structures in sprayed concrete that has been specifically engineered to withstand the loads. Alternatively the cave passages can be constructed in polyester resin and glass fibre but then they have to be within a structural 'box' if soil pressure is to be applied."
Mixtecs, Zapotecs, and Chatinos: Ancient Peoples of Southern Mexico examines the history of the rich and complex societies that arose and flourished in the southern Mexican state of Oaxaca.
After making Light Whole Wheat Baguette I had some dough sitting in the fridge I wanted to use up and I didn't want to make more bread. I had read this dough can be used for pizza dough so I decided to give it a try. I had read on a couple blogs about Mexican Pizza and have been wanting to give try it. My pizza was very light on cheese. I would prefer much more. One time I put a little extra cheese on the pizza and Hasan took a couple of bites and stopped saying he didn't like it. So to make sure he would eat it I went easy on the cheese. He also has another condition that the cheese must be yellow. Once I tried to put mozzarella and he didn't eat it because it wasn't yellow.
Symbols of Yule:
The flowers were made with my Sizzix die called Flowers Layer #9. It was my first time using it and I love it! I think some more hair accessories may be in order. Or perhaps embellished bags? Oh the possibilities...
Nov 25 – Opera House – Toronto, ON (W/Cobra Starship)
So I wanna know-- have you tried snapping a shot of your kid/pet/spouse/random body part in front of your glowing tree yet? How did it turn out? Do you mind sharing your pictures with us? We'd love to see them!
Oh…it’s a tank turret. In mid air. Shit.
American Indian Airways regularly broadcasts every Wednesday from 3-4 p.m.(Pacific Time) on KPFK FM 90.7 Los Angeles; FM 98.7 Santa Barbara; and by Internet with Real Media Player, Winamp and Itunes.
- In Wetaskiwin, Alberta, Canada, in 1917, it was illegal to tie a male horse next to a female horse.
And that would lead to debates about supporting middle- and moderate-income housing versus low-income housing, as well as the reliance on for-profit developers, who typically charge higher developer fees than nonprofit developers, though the former would argue they have additional capacities to accomplish complex projects.
administration. It is investing
But the insight I gained on Sunday may have begun the freedom and release from fear that I need. Let me explain.
The book follows the character of Amy Anderson. She's unlucky in love and decides to join an astrological dating agency 'Starr & Son' in order to find her 'sole mate'. Her best friends are a bit uncertain about Amy's latest adventure but of course get behind her. However, Amy soon realises that not all star signs are a good match for her after a few disastrous dates but she's determined to keep going until she's dated each of the signs. Cue some pretty hideous dates, some funny ones and some fairly nice ones as well... but Amy finds herself shocked when someone from her past makes a surprise reappearance. Is Amy going to find love with her astrological soul mate, or is love already written in the stars for her?
With great anticipation, we crack the top and see that it pours a hazy golden color with a massive, frothy off-white head with fantastic retention. Super sticky lacing clings to the pilsner glass, residing over the still hazy body below that has settled into a beautiful gold.
At least 200 such cases have come to light in Jharkhand where an agency had provided only the iris details to generate Aadhaar numbers by misusing a provision in the UID guidelines that says one biometric detail, either fingerprints or iris, is allowed if one is of poor quality or not available. It is called forced capturing.
Hank Greenburg - Turkey Red (always liked Turkey Red)
a) sick daughter
Said Harbaugh: “I don’t see what the problem is. It sounds like they followed proper Modern Language Association citation guidelines.”
The diagram above from Dummies will work but for it to be big enough for a family it would have a huge sheet of expensive and breakable glass. This solar still works by shining sunlight onto a warming pan at the bottom and evaporating the warm water and then condensing the humid moisture rising from it onto the glass at the top. This distilled water then runs down the inside of the glass into a catch trough at the bottom and then off into a storage container. The system as diagrammed is very inefficient because, for example, the condensing glass itself needs to be cool but it is also heated by the sun so it doesn’t condense very well.
Learning to label oneself an “Artist” seems like a rite of passage in the process of artistic formation. What I have come to realize is that it feels safer to downplay anything about myself that another may have the power to reject or ridicule. If I call myself a Songwriter and proclaim myself as such to others, someone else may very well listen to my music and say, “I don’t like it. She’s not very good. She is no songwriter.” Another person certainly has the ability to say that of me, but that ability does not make my artistic endeavors illegitimate. We have all been made to function in unique and specific ways that are not dependent on the approving response of others. Nonetheless, the response of others is a key part of artistic formation since we learn and grow as we share our work with one another in a relational context while experiencing mixtures of rejection and affirmation. In extending ourselves to one another, we risk artistically and relationally.
The point of all this is to spread the fabricated story that “vaccines are essentially safe” and thus there is no harm in mandating that the entire population be injected with them.
Have a go: Pats one goal winning margin is 11/4 with Bet365. This would have been a winner in Tallaght had Rovers not scored with the final kick of the game. If Monaghan can keep their discipline they’ll make it hard for Pats, but will most likely fall short.
Yesterday I read The Summer I Turned Pretty by Jenny Han. Yesterday. Because I could Not Stop Reading. It was one of those books you just dive right into and don't want to loosen from your grip. When I wasn't reading it, my fingers were practically twitching to pick it back up again. The story is simple, it's not this big concept or anything, but I just loved it. And now, after reading it, I want to go lay on the beach. And I'm wishing I had a summer home for my kids to go to every year. Sigh. Check out this quote- probably my fave from the book:
EDITOR’S NOTE/UPDATE: Astute commenters have made the point that this is, in fact, not a QR code at all; it’s a CP tracking code. But Hal Thomas makes a great observation that the similarity could easily fool consumers (including this author) into thinking it’s a QR code and generate confusion.
6.Jeera/Cumin : 1tsp
I have not seen Gen Kelsang Losal in half a decade now. Once a year, I go on pilgrimage to, I joke, get my heretical Buddhism reset at the Great Stupa. For the most part, my meditations occur when I am off wandering the trails of our Sahel, getting holy out in the bush. But, sometimes, I go through my phases, and I attempt to sit.
"Good thinkin' Pete!"
for the Chosen Masters put you where the rubber meets the road. You
Bananas also have a high potassium content which helps to replace electrolytes that are being lost. We didn't have carob powder, and the only bananas we had were sliced and frozen, thus I decided to have a banana smoothie. I had about 2 bananas worth of slices with rice milk (I am lactose intolerant, so this is all I have, but it was good as well because dairy products are a bad choice when suffering from diarrhea.) and a little bit of vanilla extract. This was quick, simple, tasty and began to ease the problem within the hour. I was still having less severe bouts though with a lot of stomach pain.
Age focus.
Hidden in Christ,
There seems to be a parallel agenda running in some quarters, remote from the case itself, with motivation one can only guess at.
And Monday day off! Up early to 6am Bikrams with my 'man' and then we went to our favorite organic coffee shop for a strong americano and then down to the beach to hang by the ocean for a while. We live in one of the most beautiful cities every. We live 1 block from the ocean, with snowy capped mountain views across the waters, lots of healthy organic restaurants and overall healthy active lifestyles here. I love it and am so grateful for everything in my life!! This weekend we went for a hard 4 hour bike ride, 2 hour hilly run and then drove up island for a family easter dinner. Today I get to relax and do some gardening!!
CONSTANCE
I think it turned out well don't you?
“Basking in how fucking awesome I am?” Shadow Stalker gloated.
Additionally, you will be happy to know that if you wanted to, you can hook up an mp3 player or perhaps other devices with the extra RCA input. The line in audio jack can be utilized for your iPod, portable cd player or another kind of unit that has a audio output such as a headphone jack. And if you really wanted to you can even use this system with your computer to get a better sound, aside from the two speakers that were included with your computer system. Should you look on Amazon you will recognize that 49 people ranked this particular speaker system with a 4 out of 5 rating.
Paragraph 6: “Tenant shall pay, when due, charges for services for gas, electricity, or other utility services furnished to Leased Premises deemed to be in excess of reasonable use.”
But no, there was the four-foot deep hole, a canopy over our heads and the grave, and the chairs. We were invited to sit down.
"Loneliness is an aspect of the land. All things in the plain are isolate; there is no confusion of objects in the eye, but one hill or one tree or one man. To look upon that landscape in the early morning, with the sun at your back, is to lose the sense of proportion. Your imagination comes to life, and this, you think, is where Creation began." -- Momaday
3) At that time South Africa was under the racist Apartheid regime, and it bought Bullock's intelligence also.
From January through December 2012, SinC will give a $1,000 book-buying grant each month to a library selected via a random drawing.
Jealousy comes from insecurity and lack of confidence. When you’re jealous, you’re telling yourself you’re not as good as someone else, or that you’re not worthy of having what someone else has or of succeeding or reaching a goal. Jealousy creates an emotional war inside of you, part of you throwing a temper tantrum, insisting you should have this object, person, circumstance and another part of you saying you’re not good enough, smart enough, rich enough, whatever standard of measure you’re using against yourself. You are only warring against yourself, no one else. So until you decide to end the war and love yourself first, you’ll probably not reach the goal. Remember, love yourself first and most everything else will fall into place.
I am an equal world citizen like other people.
Jeez... lol.
-holiday music in stores. i’ll be the one singing in the bread aisle in a few weeks.
Dear Kristen,
Today we start the How by discussing non-examples. Carl Hooker is currently the Director for Instructional Technology for a Texas school district and has a great list of what not to do when deploying iPads as learning tools. You’ll want to read the entire post but here’s the Cliff Notes version of a few of Carl’s suggestions:
There is a common understanding now that a couple should work to make the most of their earning capacity. It's fine if that is what your priority is, or if your circumstances compel both of you to focus on earning money to set yourself up and pay off debt. However, some people value staying at home, being a homemaker, raising children, looking after parents in their old age or volunteering, and for them, that is more important than earning as much money as possible. There are many who have disabilities and who can't work for a living but who save money at home and get by on a pension. It is possible to live well both ways - either by earning as much as you can, or by saving as much as you can. I gave up my career a few years ago, so you all know what camp I'm in. We know that if we cut back on our wants and buy only what we need, we don't need as much money as we used to earn. I spend my time now working from home as a writer, working in my community and working at home. I know many homemakers who have set up a small business that they run successfully from home.
Though our sins are forgiven by absolution, there commonly remains some temporal punishemnt to be undergone either here or in Purgatory. Holy Mass, if well made use of, is abundant satisfaction to the Divine Justice for our debts, though ever so great. What a comfort ought this to be to those who, by reason of their natural constitution, are not able to practice many or great austerities; and what return should we make to our Saviour for the same.
5D. Media Ecology and Media Literacy – TEL 219
"The Austin weekend starts on Thursday and ends on Sunday, and we practice for it on Wednesday."
I've dreamed about this since I was a little girl - Chanel
Thank you for sharing Bobbie and Dr. DeOrnellas!
Several years ago, in my creative director days, I was shooting a TV campaign in Los Angeles. I was staying at a suitably swanky Hollywood hotel.
Then she said "ok, its your turn.. tell me one about me."
He ensured that he catered to the entire audience with a balanced mix of Bollywood songs, Qawwalis and a couple of Punjabi numbers including the full version of Mein Tenu Samjhawan, which I was hoping he would do.
17 foetuses
Great idea number 6. Find a media that you completely love and use it! All the time. Do some research and refine your skills. See what it can do as you draw draw draw! I would suggest 3 or 4 grey lead pencils would be a good start – 6 or 4B, 2B, HB and an H of some sort. Each of these pencils have different qualities whether it be the High Bs allowing you to get really dark tones or the H being useful for intricate details that complete the drawing but don’t overpower the image. My other favourite drawing mediums are inks, oil sticks, oil pastels and Pitt pens. Whatever your medium of choice is look for ways to use it in a different way, e.g. cross hatching, stippling (dots), layering or scratching back and rubbling out. I find that having different ideas to try extends my desire to keep drawing.
But does my full-time specialty motherhood have to signify the end of this here blog? I don't think so. I think it should be a sign to make a change, a divide, a spin-off, a new blog dealing with all of the sprinkles that get willy-nilly thrown on the cone when the cone has a baby cone with an extra 21st chromosome.
Recipes for homemade advocaat typically call for anywhere from half to a full liter of alcohol per dozen eggs. I take a middle path with slightly fewer eggs and split the difference on the booze. The result? More boozy than some, not as much as others.
"Oh Holly? Why she's a lovely girl! Such a sweet nature."
Sift flour and baking powder thrice? Sure.
-This doesn’t help anyone… You get a death and the opponent gets no kill
1/4 cup lemon juice
Whoa did my opinion change. The nutrition consultant program sounded like everything I had learned in school before, especially also having my Master’s from UC Davis. Soo…. cooking? Learning more about gluten-free & vegan foods?! Yes!
Over the next four years, he not only won the war, but he issued the Emancipation Proclamation freeing the slaves (complete with the most darling collection of stars drawn in the margins and all three “i’s” in “Emancipation Proclamation” dotted with little hearts) and delivered the Gettysburg Address, perhaps the greatest speech ever given by a U.S. President. His cabinet stood by, bursting with as much pride as if he’d just won the regional spelling bee.
Do not believe a thing because many people speak of it.
My husband and I are former lunatic liberals. We promoted multiculturalism, the arts and diversity, and we have been involved in our neighborhood association, “urban renewal,” and the urban homesteading movement in our city. We always thought our interracial relationship was progressive. After marriage we associated with a local group of liberals who dug up their yards to plant food, composted, built rain barrels, breastfed their babies, practiced attachment parenting, planned community gardens, used clotheslines, etc. We did these things too, and in our liberalism, we felt very progressive. We were very popular with our white liberal friends because we were the token interracial couple.
'He also showed her some foods and animals on it, and she was quite interested. We need to work on gentle fingers and the fine motor it will take, and then of course figure out which communication app will be the best for her. Hoping our communication therapist will advise me on that during Monday's appointment!'
Puget Energy, Inc., Alternative Energy, Deals By Year, 2006 to YTD 2012 5
Just A Misdemeanor
This fabulously unseasonable warm weather has a downside MJ found it. I am here to rain on you collective parade…
Here's how - draw right around your pattern from hem to shoulder point. Then pivoting at the shoulder point, swing the CB neck point downwards by your required adjustment (ie 12mm) and then square the CB neck to the CB fold:
The next day a couple of my roommate's friends from Tuscaloosa came to my house in Montevallo to charge their phones. I heard first hand from a student who had been pulling crushed dead bodies out of rubble the night before. I heard of people who's bones were protruding from their skin... or whose skin was literally falling off after the debris caught in the wind was thrown at them. This is the kind of stuff you don't hear about on the news.
your pain, or some of it perhaps
burn my fear my golden calf down
Would dissolve and fall to the pavement
Jason Reitman + Sheldon Turner, Up in the Air
- Lemon juice;
I hope you are enjoying the bank holiday.
Erika runs Reachview Farm (which is also a bed & breakfast) in Prince Edward County and has been farming for about ten years. She's got vegetables, fruit, grain, hay, sheep, goats, and chickens, but there's another feature that Erika's got that makes her operation quite remarkable: she's entirely off the grid; she supplies her electricity via wind and solar power.
Loomis encourages senior citizens to sign up for social media sites, explore the help section and “proceed, but proceed with caution.”
-5 large eggs
Mississippi State
My fridge is overflowing with veggies right now - cabbage, celery, radishes, carrots, kale, spinach, tomatos, zucchini, bell peppers, and I have a dozen or more avocados ripening on the window seal. We are stocked up on apples and bananas, and I'm running to Sprouts this afternoon for mandarins & grapes, and maybe a pineapple is they look nice. I have some chicken stock at home, waiting for some diced veggies to be added - I'll keep that in the fridge and spoon some out when I get hungry, maybe add leftover fish to it or some chicken for a quick and tasty lunch.
Stick around for Joy - O.L.I/Electra, 1991.
A final difficulty (for our purposes) generated by the online environment is what I will call Gnosticism. Gnosticism is a heretical way of thinking that denigrates the physical in praise of the spiritual. As such, the online environment, as a space of disembodied discourse, is a profoundly Gnostic place. Online we are pure minds, without bodies, sharing our thoughts and interacting as pure spirits in a kind of metaphysical space.
Together were Simon Peter, Thomas called Didymus, Nathanael from Cana in Galilee, Zebedee’s sons, and two others of his disciples. Simon Peter said to them, “I am going fishing.” They said to him, “We also will come with you.” So they went out and got into the boat, but that night they caught nothing.
And find myself sinking a pint
Hi everyone! I am super happy to report that the driveway, walkway and garage floor is DONE! Man, it feels good to have it complete. AS IN DONE, nothing lingering on like with the kitchen (update, my contractor is coming next Wednesday to complete the last little things, whew).
one messy room,
Training in boxing will certainly educate him and a talking-to from the judge will strike him to his core! It is too bad that it doesn’t have anything to do with protecting potential new victims or even those already victimized from the violent perpetrator. “Too bad” is the wrong expression. It is a crime against one’s own people.
Chief Charles Tubbs
S: 1 small Banana & 1 mini (oatmeal choc chip muffin)
(ii) BW consideration of FM
F: Robin van Persie (Arsenal) – Simply the best. Better than all the rest. That may be a tired clichéd Tina Turner lyric from the late 80s, but it applies here. Sure, he hasn’t scored from open play in the last 8 games, but no one can deny the brilliant season RvP has put together in 2011-12. Were it not for those two guys going bananas in Spain, he’d be probably be getting hyped as the best player in the world right now, but as long as he stays in North London where he belongs, that’s fine with me.
He looked down, frowning briefly in contemplation, before a flicker of amusement ran across his face. The gesture was familiar by now, though Pevan had no idea what thought or memory might be provoking it. Van Raighan's normal mien was grim, even angry. Fair enough, since he had to ask permission when he needed the toilet, and be escorted there and back.
the Hebrew word for "satisfy" is sob'ah, meaning "to have enough, be full...sufficiently".
“The Jimmy” as James sometimes likes to refer to himself, decided to go on a bike ride to the lake the other night. He hasn’t ridden much this year. He felt glorious pumping his legs as the bike cruised to full speed. He had the wind at his back and nothing could stop him. He felt like he could ride on forever. He hit the lake and slowed into a U--turn to go back toward home. He immediately felt the strain on his legs as a stiff wind hit him in the face and made his hair lay flat back. He hadn’t realized how hard the wind was blowing as he was riding along with it. Now, as he faced the wind, his face turned red and the ride was becoming a great effort. He down shifted to the lowest gear and pushed ahead. He did not let the wind stop him, but it did whip him. He was beat when he got home. He walked in the door panting and red faced, beads of sweat trickling down his face. I was a little worried about the toll he had just taken on his out-of-shape body, but he recovered nicely and wasn’t even sore the next day.
The Solution: Acknowledge It Sometimes, despite your best preparation, your nerves get the best of you. Unfortunately, this is more likely to happen when the stakes are higher — say, if you’re interviewing for a job you’re dying to get. But if you feel your pulse quickening, try to be in the moment.
In closing, each of the participants gives a call to action.
But here’s the thing that made me realize it was over between us: we got a new DVR last year when we switched cable companies. That was in April. In December a friend asked me if I’d been watching House. It was then that I realized we had forgotten to program you into the new DVR. We hadn’t missed you at all.
In this picture, three from Rogers, Coleridge and White. Patricia White, on right, has been my agent for over 25 years and we are good mates.
box. I had to supplement with some store-bought basil, since I doubled
“To create an overreaction and having a huge escort to accompany the child to school?” Since when is thousands of Israelis wanting to come to defend a little Jewish girl an “overreaction?” Baruch Hashem, all of those “horrible anti-Torah secularists” have a Jewish pulse and, upon seeing the tears of this Jewish girl wanted to help. What a strong contrast with the reaction of this Rabbi who for months upon hearing about the traumatized girls responded with a message which seemed to convey, “What do you want from me?”
Because YES... our last month was CRAZY. And I mean, CRAZY.
It seems he had a story to relate to me… TWO of his exes came by
As clear as glass they say
It seems ages since my last post, and the week has just flown by! and its time for another challenge over at Fashionable Stamping Challenges where the theme this fortnight is 'Nautical'. If you need any inspiration for this, please head over to FSC where you will see the most amazing samples from the rest of the team.
Sometimes it's just one minute at a time.
and here's a friendly reminder:
-Vacuum up the area you are working when you are done as the shards can fly anywhere!
that seems so easy to do,
Which would, of course, no longer be tolerable in an age of ANC hegemony for it would guarantee the independence of critical thought, which was just what was not wanted, and of academic standards which might have politically undesirable consequences. What was wanted now was "transformation".
But I wasn’t getting sick.
But what stresses me out the most about marathon training besides the actual running training part of it, is the staying healthy part of it. And, I am not talking “healthy” as in injury-free (although that is very important as well.) I am talking not getting sick / catching the flu / letting my immune system fail.
But wisely, Hitchcock and Hunter are at the same time, involving us in the developing relationship between Daniels and Brenner. He is physically attracted to this beautiful woman and at the same time charmed that she would go to all the trouble of purchasing the love birds and delivering them to Cathy as a surprise. Brenner asks her to stay in Bodega Bay and have dinner; she accepts, as she is attracted to this young man, who despite his professional success, seems to be in need of attention from someone outside of his immediate family, that being his sister and his anxiety-ridden mother Lydia (beautifully portrayed by Jessica Tandy), whom he lives with in this coastal town.
I will forever be thankful to finally learn the real truth about nutrition! Read all about it in Sally Fallon's Nourishing Traditions Cookbook- she has great introductions with a wealth of information.
This draft is a work in progress -- an existential ideological working hypothesis truthseeking enquiry, to the question: Who Am I? -- and was first posted as a note to my facebook wall at Lara Zhivago; including a few of the Shibumi comments posted there to answer questions.
Spoke to the garage on Friday to get some sort of update on what was going on, guess what, the instrument cluster needs replacing, cost £900! I pointed out the research I'd done and that this is a fault for which Audi US and UK had been replacing the clusters for free! Apparently they knew nothing about this but did seem to remember alot of replacements a while ago.
In reality, Luther wrote the seminal document on-site, meticulously painting it onto the oak with a fine single-haired brush. What bothered the church elders more than what the manuscript said was the fact that he was always in the way, blocking the main entrance almost constantly during the three weeks it took him to finish. Most of the demands were not that unreasonable – for example, he wrote of the need for sturdier pews to “accommodate the ample Germanic hind.” He also wanted Wednesday night services moved to Tuesday because most members couldn’t TiVo floggings in the public square like the wealthy clergy could. And he wanted the liturgy conducted in native languages because Latin “sounds too much like they’re just making it up as they go along.”
Combine cream cheese, powdered sugar and vanilla with a mixer or by hand. Add cream cheese mix to piping bag and fill strawberries. Once strawberries are filled, drizzle your graham cracker crumbs over the little lovers. Devour.
PS-Oh and I almost forgot! I started this blog 4 years ago with a post about soccer, when the French were in the World Cup only to make it to the final and well. . .we all know what happened. I have to say this year was sad for Les Bleus. But it is time to rebuild and move on. As Zidane said, "Laurent Blanc will fix all of this." I can only hope that the man who helped me fall in love with soccer in 1998 and win the World Cup, the Euro etc. . .is right. So, le sigh, and here's to 2014!
In the years before “Dallas”, Larry Hagman was best known as the button-down astronaut who dreamed of Jeannie. But secretly he had a wild streak high and wide enough to land a 747 on. When he wasn’t toasting another sunrise with his next-door neighbor Keith Moon or dropping acid with David Crosby he was working hard to get this, his dream project, made. It’s a very strange, very loose sequel to the 1958 teen horror classic THE BLOB. The free-wheeling performances and absurdist humor are unlike any other movie we’ve ever seen. Hagman was obsessed with making this movie, often going without sleep for days on end, deeply worrying his friends and associates. Unfortunately the film was critically ignored upon release and Hagman retreated to the forest where he lived like an animal for several years before accepting the role of J.R. Ewing and returning to the forefront of American consciousness as the man you love to hate. More popular than ever, he was nonetheless a scorned and broken man whose one-of-a-kind film-making genius has never been fully appreciated. Until now. Join us for this very rare screening of Larry Hagman’s one and only film as a director, starring Robert Walker Jr., Burgess Meredith, Godfrey Cambridge, Marlene Clark, Gerrit Graham, and Shelly Berman. (Lars)
I run two magazines on my war-belt solely for speed reloads. Any "tactical reloads" come off my chest carrier or plate carrier. Despite the nay-saying of some supposed "guerrilla gurus" and "Tactical Timmy's, there are at least three times in a fight when a speed reload is absolutely critical, and not simply a "gamer's gimmick." One is the first mag-change in a fight (I'm talking light infantry fights here, not home defense, just to clarify). Once you've gained fire superiority with your first burst of fire, you need to maintain it, even if not at the same rate-of-fire. Keep your gun in the fight until the rest of your element is keeping up as well. After that, you can worry about magazine retention. The second is when you are providing suppressive support-by-fire for your Ranger buddy, If your weapon goes down while he is exposed, for ANY reason, you need to get it back into the fight before he is killed, and fuck a lost magazine! Finally, any time you need to reload whole you are moving in the open (if you're in the open, not shooting, and not moving, you should be focused more on basic tactical skills than on speed-reloads), whether due to running it dry (whoops! You fucked up! It happens--get over it!), or a malfunction, you need to get your gun back into the fight, not worry about losing a god-damned magazine. If you win the fight, you can go look for the lost magazine, or take replacements from the dead bad guys. If you lose the fight, you're going to have bigger concerns than a lost magazine. Things like, "I wonder what St. Pete made for supper tonight?" and "I DID go to confession last weekend, right?" (for the record, I am neither Catholic, nor anti-Papist. The joke just worked well.)
I began to place my foot on the pedal but tipped off to the side.
1. I was shopping for copious amounts of food.
I was thinking now where I stand
She's put her acting career on hold for now too, because she wants to be home with us more. I think that's probably good, for now. She needs to give herself time to regroup and figure some things out, and a little break will help her do that. She still has a contractual obligation for the Sesame Street video, so there will be a few more trips to New York to finish that up, but then I think she'll lay low for a little while. By the way, the Sesame Street people have been wonderful and supportive, and we truly appreciate their understanding with the scheduling delay. Some of the material in the video hits a little too close to home right now, and they had to cancel one of the filming sessions in December because Katie just couldn't get through the scene. She felt terrible about that, but they were so understanding and supportive, and they told her to take as much time as she needed. In a business where "time is money", it's refreshing to find that kind of support from the people at the top. And considering that they're making a video about children coping with grief, it's nice to know they stand behind the message they teach.
These excursions are for the beginner from expert angler. There are large-mouth bass
We don't know if the smoke was from burning off surplus growth, or if it was a bushfire. It was a long way off, but we had extensive views from that hill.
my thin lips chewing fat.
5) Combine the flour, baking soda, baking powder etc and add it to the wet mixture and combine
I can't be just my genes. I've got to have a choice. Don't I?
But, not only do I prefer Snapseed as the photo app for my phone, I recently purchased the complete collection of NIK software filters. They are the company behind Snapseed.
Completely engrossed and motivated.
But the die is cast and we're all going to have to audition for Gergiev. So I'd better go and practise. They've promised I will be permitted to play Bach on the piano.
House Districts:
Congratulations to London Metropolitan University (one of this country's "older" bastions of learning, founded in 2002) for demonstrating some supreme fuckwittery.
Both thingies are included in the 3.3 counters PDF for your printing (and gluing to card) pleasure. A stride is a regular human base (30mm for my games).
95. Go bike trekking
Pack up all the stuff you haven't felt like you'd need to pack yet, because guess what, you do. And throw away or make a donate box for anything you might not need.
Most troubling, it looked like her herpes had returned, both in her eye and her mouth. The mouth was bleeding A LOT, and her eye had swollen shut, with more swelling around her forehead and cheek. I figured that the end was near, but I kept with the medicine, in hopes, and figured that she would just go peacefully at some point.
"Because your query is going to be the newest superweapon in our arsenal." He said it so nonchalantly. Like it was part of a grocery list. Like it was nothing.
What is really important here is:
But most important, Americans have a right to decide, as the people of other countries do, who becomes a citizen.
I headed off the hot chocolate and denied physics its triumph.
"I see," I said. "But I still don't get it. Why would men choose to sleep with plain women especially if they are famous and can pick and choose? When women sleep with reptilian looking men there's always a reason for it and it's to do with the man's status. Mick Jagger's been hideous for years but I understand that women want to get their hands on his millions. And what about Paul McCartney, he looks like a droopy bull dog these days but that doesn't stop him getting engaged to a hottie does it?"
With very weak demand from the housing sector, gypsum prices have bounced around within a relatively narrow range since the early-2008 trough. In the past three months, the gypsum price index has trended down, falling 0.6% in July, 1.7% in August and 1.7% in September. Overall the index is down 4.6% relative to September 2010. The current gypsum price level is below the 2008 trough and 15% below the long term price trend level.
Sixteen year old Emma is home-schooled, depressed and rebellious. Immediately following a mysterious seizure that has no known medical cause, her behavior takes a decidedly drastic turn for the worse. Her science-minded parents send her to a psychiatrist, while her faith-minded uncle--a priest--wants to perform an exorcism. They initially refuse his request, but eventually change their minds.
Our excitement and close personal sharing brought everything good about us right into the present moment with extraordinary clarity, and provided us with a visceral experience of our mutual presence in each others lives. Just how life will all unfold is unknown to us now, but I hope with all my heart that the opening of our hearts to each other has been of some benefit to us both, and that the wisdom and abundant goodness our connection contained will sustain us as we move beyond today, and endure for the remainder of our lifetimes.
The truth is very simple: it is harder to get into the sorority that is Vogue UK than it is to run for President. It's not just because I'm American: this is a very tight group and they only hire their 'kind': an intern will be the boss's friend's daughter.. and it is so not a meritocracy...
FOR 40-50 MILLION DOLLARS, TWITTER PURCHASES TWEETDECK!
NO GAS for 42.2 miles of driving because Matthew drove.
"I do."
Now my name is on the front of a book. It looks odd to me, and loud: like a trumpet’s blare, demanding everyone look in my direction.
NOT to mention what the heck does a thief want with a snowman anyways? They are not exactly lightweight to carry. Remember how heavy those extra large snowballs are to heave up on top of each other? Did he run down the road with it in a wheelbarrow giggling to himself at his accomplishment? What did the neighbors think if they saw it happening? How drunk do you have to be to think it is a good idea? What is the payoff here? Did he think it was something else? Did he have a sick kid at home who wanted one and he was just too lazy to make it for him? Is there a snowman dealer somewhere waiting to fence it to someone else for a profit? Do they paint it with food coloring or something first to disguise it so the original owner won't be able to identify it? Are they going to break it down and sell it for parts?
Set the whole thing on a long piece of oiled foil and pull the foil over the top to form a loose parcel.
Summer may be just around the corner, but May has many more spring delights for you. It is still a month of transformation, as greenery continues to explode with life. This can be a great time to take photos, as delicate new tree leaves are still fresh and bright.
Using the power of digital, these five companies have empowered citizens in need, rewarded innovation and created uniquely shareable tools that are key in affecting real change. Although they range in issues from education to sustainability, the one thing that all of these companies have in common is the drive and passion of those at the helm.
This is all going to change! It was my birthday a few weeks ago and my girlfriend bought me an amazing present! An Ellie Blue humidour - a real luxury object for any cigar smoker! Ellie Bleu is in fact well known for making the best humidours - perfect for keeping cigars in immaculate conditions for years and years to come!
05. Lacuna Coil - Enjoy The Silence
His rampage ends with him exploding a car with a pistol. This sequence of events is an incredible bit of trashy horror cinema, outdoing anything in the original movie. Indeed, were it not for the abundance of flashbacks and filler, Silent Night, Deadly Night 2 would make an even better movie than its predecessor. At once, it is one of the best and worst sequels ever made.
Scars draped her arm like a scarf. A very disgusting, mutilated scarf that shows her temporary way out. Physical pain covers her emotional pain.
Another problem with leaving subtle clues is trying to fool your main character without fooling the reader. In one novel I have a character who breaks character often. In the first draft I just had her do that so once the reader found out why she was doing it they would go, “So that explains that.”
When parents were taught that the little spank
Weigh in with your opinion in the comment box below! And whether you go or stay, God bless your journey.
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoox
- I love walking around with a little bitsy bundle in a sling.
We had, admittedly, a long drive. One of the (many) distractions was a bag of wrapped ‘surprises’ – every few hours (or maybe hour, depending on how antsy Pete was getting) we’d let him pick a new one. Some Cars toys, coloring books or stickers, a new little stuffed animal – certainly helped to pass the time. He was a super-good traveler. Which was good, because our U-Haul went about 55 mph so it took a looooooong time. We stopped in Des Moines for the night and wouldn’t you know, they were having some huge Track & Field thing so we were lucky to get the last room at a Country Inn and Suites. My goodness.
Preheat oven @ 170C and line 8 in square pan with baking paper.
“Hi,” I say, “I’m Kate and it is really nice to meet you. My colleague is waiting downstairs if you want to follow me.”
This year the week looks to be an even bigger success with a series of high profile ambassadors including Seb Coe, John Inverdale and Dame Kelly Holmes helping to highlight how universities benefit everyone, whether or not they have been to university themselves. Hear what the ambassadors have to say at: youtube.com/universitiesweek2012
What are your beliefs based upon? Do you think biblical texts are relevant in today's society?
I grit my teeth a bit and flush when I read bloggers talking about how this was the “easiest quarter” in over a decade. I have, undoubtedly, SUCKED ASS since the start of the year. My lull in January can be attributed to a lack of energy/effort toward the market, but I have been strapped into this shitty office chair since mid-late February and I’m just not hitting my stride.
The whole audition is for Aoyama to cherry-pick his ideal woman from a group of women who have been fooled into applying for a role that will never be theirs. The process, whilst given frothy backing music, exposes the women to probing questions designed to root out ones Aoyama would find unacceptable. It is a glorified cattle parade for Aoyama to vet women to find one fulfil his high expectations without the women being given an equal footing they would get in a real date. The women range from normal to strange and although there is some comedy in the scene it is undercut by the fact that the women are hoping to gain a big break and exposing themselves to men who could not care less about them.
It turns out, I seem to be missing that piece.
starspaperpassion.blogspot.com
Before heading out Mika spends hours scouring other people's blogs to find the most suitable path for us. For the record: suitable = cheap.
- I've used instant yeast and fresh yeast (6 tsp) with equally good results.
“We’re on the edge, my dear.”
So there we are. Right back to normal.
Real heat has hit Minnesota. It is hot. It is humid. No one wants to cook in this heat.
Themes for names were important –
The New York Post said the three women will give explicit details about alleged encounters with Woods.
“We were looking for a warm, safe place to sleep tonight,” the woman stepped forward next to the man.
Here's my 5 step plan for ruling the most powerful country in the world:
Gros bis. xo
The rest is cropped out.
R.G.
While there is any number of great shorter “songs” on any of the aforementioned releases, they are dominated by piercing lead guitar work, longer instrumental passages, and watery keyboard/organ fills. Psychedelic might mean Grateful Dead/Quicksilver Messenger Service to some, to Nick it is a hyperextension of what Jimi Hendrix was doing. He layers plenty of raw guitars that explode out of the studio speakers, no time limit as to when the lava will stop flowing off his fret board. The problem with trying to classify his output is that you have such ultra-Pop gems like “Lights Are Changing” (Triptych) on the same cd with the 19:47 long “Tangerine Infringement Beak”. Let’s not split hairs- Saloman will always be a stylistically divergent cat. Remember that a maps job is to get you close to where you want to be.
I think David did too.
...kill, shoot, kill, pew pew blam blam.
1/2 cup light brown sugar
Milongas work great when they have 4 sides.
Vincenzo Gallucci, 36, Monroe Township, N.J.
Plane arrives;
As he struggled to make himself heard above the din. I thought of the blind. And of how their days are spent in darkness. Always. Yet here we were making such a fuss about a temporary lack of artificial light.
Nainital: Deep-rooted in mesmerizing Himalayan ranges, Nainital is probably the most-visited hill-station in Uttarakhand. Situated at 6,360 feet over the sea level, the place is marked having journey attractions like Naini Lake, Naina Devi Temple, Hanumangarh Temple, Cheena Peak or even the Naina Top, Snow View point, St. john Church, Zoological Garden as well as the British Cemetery.
Unlike the Norkfolk State players, hitters like Tomo Delp, .281 for the season with four home runs, had great patience with the pitches he received, which allowed him to hit a double and eventually reach third with a steal at the bottom of the fourth.
A woman is someone who can pretend to be deft – when the man she is with thinks that shouting is the way to express anger.
see him in my minds eye, and feel peace.
ok, just wanted to clarify that.
I chose this topic as I know how people can get hung up on them there pesky 'rules' of creative writing (though 'guidelines' might be a better word). It's easy to internalise them to the extent that they stifle any creative spark that's struggling to push its way out from your clogged-up brain. Just as it's about to emerge, blinking in the sunlight, it's clobbered by someone wielding a big stick and shouting, 'You can't do that!' And that has to be a Bad Thing to anyone who loves shaping words into stories and doing something different and fresh.
Monzon is definitely not the first to toy with fact that human marks and designed surfaces have few visual differences. This is a major question in painting extending from Picasso, through Johns, and into the painting of today (to some, it is the question that killed painting for good). Think of Picasso’s ripping of Seurat’s pointalism out of optic theory and placing it as a pattern on an armchair, think of Lichtenstein transforming each “style” from German Expressionism to Cubism into his system of painted Ben-day dots, think of Warhol’s comparison of a Rorschach drawing to the flowing fields of Morris Louis and Taaffe using snakes from field guides to mimic Pollock’s paint skeins.
TB: Like most of us, I probably first met the Big Bad Wolf in fairy tales, particularly the stories of Little Red Riding Hood and the Three Little Pigs. In the originals, the wolf would have been a figure of terror, a predator who pounced on the weak and vulnerable. But a long process of bowdlerisation had turned him into a figure of fun, a fool who thinks he’s clever but who is defeated by the young.
Instead, I decided to go with my new favorite chocolate chip cookie recipe. It's the Jacques Torres cookie recipe that's been all around the internet, but I tweaked it to suit my tastes. This recipe is very forgiving. I've used all purpose flour instead of bread flour and I've also baked the cookies the same day instead of waiting 24 hours. Both turned out just as delicious.
ShelterBox has distributed 408 ShelterBoxes to Peruvian families made homeless by the recent landslides caused by ongoing heavy rains.
Boutenko
I HAVE BEEN TO A GLORIOUS LAND
the fire in the background,
“Yes,” said Annie. “You must go to your doctor and get tested. That is all. Thank you.”
It is three years to the next election – and let’s be honest, it may be quite a while before we are in government again – so, after these election results, let’s get off the floor, dust ourselves down, and get back to work. There is still so much to do in so little time.
To where Saint Mary Woolnoth kept the hours
(Removal of giftwrap with precision and skill by thirty-something woman)
The steamer had left Dhubri ferry ghat for Medartary in south bank of the district in the evening and capsized because of the impact of the storm.
Later, turned out there was another cat, both very shy, and yet, everybody tried to feed them!
the best joke came from:
Either way, Nikki, Alex, Ellen and I went down to see it. A piece had broken off, and I felt the need to retrieve it. Success!
In fairness, Hofstadter didn’t just focus on the intellectuals, he cited the views and actions of the so-called Robber Barons as proof that the conservative mind had adopted Darwinism on a massive scale. He writes:
These are powerful words and actions---love, empower, explore, coach, aid, listen, learn, care about/for, enable, encourage, provide opportunity, open to outcome, committed to the child's self-determination. With some changes and adaptations in thinking, these could easily reflect the role of the parent; I know many, many families in which this is true.
My plan is to make each page a mixed media montage consisting of one or more printed images of paintings by a particular artist, with a background and journaling to correspond with the painting(s).
“Reunification is the most important, since the cost of separation is quite damaging both on emotional and financial levels,” said Amie S. Gladfelter, a caseworker with the County Office of Children, Youth, and Families in Pennsylvania. “Funding should be supplied for things necessary for the family to be successful, like housing, transportation and food.”
Bees work scabiosa and nepeta. A hatch of little orange butterflies flutters about the lavatera. A hummingbird repeatedly visits crocosmia. A butterfly with orange-tipped wings settles on white yarrow.
in the mist of all the craziness - my Mom starts having panic attacks worrying about Karen and Cait - thoughts rushing her brain 'why didn't i just watch Cait at her house' - the typical 'it's my fault' when something happens - when you know in reality it's no ones fault - but you just feel so much pain and hurt and feel there's little you can do - the entire car ride getting to the accident was filled with guilt from my Mom - she felt it was all her fault ..
All that we heard about the ‘Singhvi sexcapade’ was the involvement of a hapless driver, who was supposed to have served his master for years together, who left service without any notice for reasons of personal grudge and whose apparent idea of revenge was gluing his master in nothing less than a ‘sexcapade’! The story appears to be anything but credulous. Not even the most uncreative director from Bollywood will have a similar plot for a thriller movie: Manish Kumar Lal, the irate driver of Abhishek Manu Singhvi divorced himself from his master of many years without any notice. The reason: the masters’ dogs sank their teeth into the driver’s pregnant wife and with the baby born handicapped, the driver nursed vengeance against Singhvi. Added to this happens to be an allegation that his monthly payment was not upto the mark. A perfect plot for revenge to brew up in the driver’s mind. And with Nemeses working so well, the man resorted to porn as ultimate form of retribution.
Here are pictures from today:
Neal Cassady & The Warlocks 1965
The riff raff on the streets attacking the British embassy and cheering the theft of assets that other people have paid for are anything but the elite; they are the scum that Jews like Kirchner always need to pander to to maintain their hold on power. I have come to the conclusion that whenever one sees an appeal to patriotism or even nationalism by a leader these days then you can take it as a given that he is either a Jew or a creature of the Jews. The days of Codreanu are long since gone and these days accidents can be arranged long before anyone who is a threat in that respect can come to national prominence. Their demise will ultimately come but it will come in an entirely unexpected way that none of us can yet foresee; let us put to one side fantasies about the likes of Putin or Ahmadinejad saving us.
Anyway, ate at Nino’s and had a few beers. Got a few Changs for the road and met up with Liz, Dan, Ali and others. By the time we caught the bus at 8:45, I was probably 5 beers deep. This was going to be a fun night. At the beach party I had a few more. Saw a bunch of people and had a chill time dancing on the beach. Here’s where the timeline gets screwed up. I remember T.J. (or maybe it was Stephanie) grabbing my arm and telling me to come wade out into the sand dunes. I drunkenly followed and broke my flip flops in the process. It felt so good to wade in the ocean that I didn’t care my pants were soaked up to my crotch.
This past summer we moved from the East coast to the West coast. Coming from a 105 year old row house in Baltimore I was used to decorating small narrow spaces, but this rental house presented me with quite a design challenge. The living room is only 9.5x8 with three walls of windows. I immediately knew it would be difficult to incorporate color and texture without the help of wall art and the space for multiple upholstered pieces of furniture. However, I didn’t let this challenge deter us because this little house may be smaller than we were used to but it packed a lot of visual punch. The rustic wood ceilings were the original floors of the house before it had been rebuilt and the gorgeous light poured in from the windows making it impossible to do anything but embrace this space. Decorating it has been a labor of love but worth every minute because it has taught me a lot about using every inch of space.
They make us.
My color combo came from the SU color wheel: Daffodil Delight, Night of Navy, Old Olive and Cherry Cobbler. I used the Fanciful Flourish die from Cherry Lynn and the Textile Texture embossing folder from Cuttlebug. i trimmed off the overhanging parts of the flourish before embossing it along with some paper flowers. Then I went back and glued the parts back in place and added brads to the flower centers. I used the same embossing folder on the Daffodil Delight layer.
I have always thought the Chinese curse “May you live in interesting times” was a rather attractive prospect.
I tug my beard with respect at SafeTinspector - his blog is like a Sudoku puzzle: just when I think I’ve got the hang of it I realise I made a mistake earlier that means my entire level of understanding has just been made void. Endless hours of entertainment.
I’m calling all you totally awesome people out there to chime in. Let me know, do you ever think like this or have encountered these. Don’t be shy, no one reads this in Washington, D.C.
Actually writing out my schedule yesterday made me recognize something. I think that a big part of this growing up process involves being real about your situation. I'm of the belief that we only get one life, but even if that's not the case, right now is happening, so why live it the way that you want? It's difficult though, sometimes, to answer the questions that lead to what you want: What physical things do I want? What mental things do I want? What emotional things do I want? What about abilities? How do I want to show up?
Nobody likes rewrites, or rather, nobody likes the thought of rewriting. However, the actual act of 'killing your babies' is never quite as bad as that expression suggests, and I quite enjoy seeing how an editor or agent sees certain passages of my work differently to the way that I did when I originally penned it. Normally, their suggestions are made to make the book 'sing' when it's started to 'hum' a little, and it's all too easy as the originator to not be able to spot these sticking-points in your work.
3 boneless chick breasts or 1 lb chicken tenderloins
As if my modesty or bare shoulders would bring on world chaos.
Chicken n’ Noodles will become a comfort-food favorite in any household. Add boneless, skinless chicken breast to a can of Simple Suppers Chicken n’ Noodles, which is filled with plump noodle dumplings and special seasonings.
Fit Yummy Mummy Troubleshooting
The skills I learned in news editing helped me carve out a bigger role for myself in the office because I’m now trusted to copy edit and review corporate communications before they leave our department and to take such precautions as proofreading my Tweet before posting. Volunteering to edit internal communications is how I eventually got to do more writing.
I all so did habbs some itty bitty bumpies what are coming and going, and Dogtor Mark look at them all. He say they are 'pustular dermatitis' what are resolving their own self.
All in all, it’s been a quiet week, we’ve only been up to the plot once, for an hour the other day, we dug out another potato bed and we’ll plant our maincrop spuds this week. They’ve been chitting away since February and have lovely strong green shoots on them.
There was also the chance that a game of Trivial Pursuit would break out, which would eventually devolve into a lot of swearing, and when you're a kid, hearing your elders cursing over their lack of trivial knowledge is damned funny. The adults would play the game, the kids would play with our toys or watch the marathon of shitty stop-action animation holiday specials that was broadcast on Channel 55 for the three days prior to and including Christmas Day. It was bliss.
Age 8. The best part of the day is going through notebooks. Those of you with school aged kids know what I'm talking about. All kinds of treasures tucked in pockets and folders. All of the sudden their people with two strands of hair and spike ball hands become beauty queens. Nickelodeon has certainly not had any influence on her. But I have to wonder about these people with football shaped heads. Can't be Nickelodeon. Can't. It's not. Nope. Uh-uh.
The event is being put together by Black Isle Brewery and they've created an intriguing concept that sees the cream of Scottish brewing putting 'their own innovative twist and signature flavours on their favourite German beer styles'.
The leader of some 150 affected families, Jaipin Mohigal, said the villagers were warned by two forestry officials who came to their settlement at Kg Koiboton Darat, Tangkarason on May 3 to leave the place as it is forest reserve land.
So now, with Episode Thirteen of my favorite handmade web comic, we will see what happens when we add in a little bit of a threat to our square hero and his world where everything is too small and fragile for him to even look at the wrong way.
20 Interstellar Overdrive 14:55 Pink Floyd Live Supporting Jeff Back Group, Shrine Exposition Hall,
of scab: unpruned, unmowed,
WIE: Right—I hope so.
- 1/4 cup Oat bran
I think it would be safe to say that the best performance out of this whole film, and probably the best thing about this flick really is Blythe Danner here as Nana. Danner is that wise, funny, and always witty old lady that has something to say and made me laugh just about every time. And with a film like this, you need any type of humor just get you through. It’s a small compliment but it’s a compliment to this film none the less and this film needs all of that it can get.
About a year later, I changed doctors and she changed my medications and we began seeing some improvement. She told us as soon as my lupus was in remission there was no reason we could not have children. About another year later, all my tests were good, I had not had a flare up and we decided it was time.
Soon a rabble of priests and soldiers showed up with swords to take Jesus away. Judas was among them and pointed him out. His disciples ran away and Jesus was left to face his tormentors alone.
I then brayered and sponged Cherry Cobbler ink all over as shown. To get the white-ish edges on the card base and this patterned background piece, pour a little white embossing powder in your tray and run a VersaMarker along the edges of each. Dip the edges in the white embossing powder. Manipulate the powder (using a brush) before heat setting so you get the desired thickness and look.
Let’s go further and talk about ‘openness’ in the context of rising economic nationalism and a double dip recession which strains the fiscal rectitutde of all euro member states. Europe is going to become more conservative, more nationalistic and more xenophobic on European-wide issues like free trade, open borders, and free labour movement. The same is true in the US. As I said in April:
BROOKLYN, N.Y.—Because I was back in East Brunswick on Friday and Saturday catching up with family and friends, my theatrical cinematic explorations this weekend were limited to two new releases, both of them pleasant—or, in the case of Danny Boyle's 127 Hours, pleasant with generous doses of agonizing—surprises.
And we can't forget his "nice" smile. He made this up all on his own when we were walking through an airport to pick up my mom (when she came out for Dallin's birth). He was riding on Chris's shoulders and everyone we passed he would look at with his "nice" smile. It was adorable and made many people smile.
Rel's head ached. His empty stomach clenched his gut like a fist. His wrenched shoulder held the tight sensation that presaged pain at the slightest hint of sharp movement, not helped by the stiff wrist from the earlier fight. The front of his brain felt cold and vacant, the back like a lump of wool. But the shining figure bearing down on him poured the warmth of familiar anger across everything, gave him strength. The Stable Rod, warm in his hand, promised a major advantage if it came to a fight, and he still had some Clearsight left, even with the Sherim pressing chaos against his mind.
As a baby I'm sure that I put some miles on them, crawling around, testing them, learning how to walk. Later, it was hopscotch, skip-it and jump rope. Tree climbing and bike riding. Hiking and swimming, my knees and I did it all and made it through life with only a few scrapes and bruises between us.
V says he sees me going on an all day pasta bender sometime soon and freezing lots of fettucini, spaghetti and raviolis. Definitely a possibility.
Grrr. I hate sewing binding together, that's the whole convenience of not making my own, darn-it.
His words move me, because they are so raw and honest. And at the same time as the lyrics seem to convey utter despair over one thing or another (usually having to do with the tricky aspects of love), they somehow make me feel hopeful about the world.
Nando’s has taken grilled chicken to a whole new level and the secret’s in their sauce. But eating at Nando’s can put a nifty dent in your pocket. Thankfully, the sauces are readily available at any good grocery store and/or hyper market.
Getting back to the bastard motif, the opportunities for Carla to vocalize bastard-based zingers seemed to diminish the deeper she waded into the vengeance pool. Besides, what are you supposed to say after you cut a mechanic in half with the jeep he's working on, push a man into an industrial-strength ice maker, and ventilate a man's forehead with a shotgun? I mean, "subdural hematoma, bastard" is a bit of a mouthful.
And fester in the summer heat
It may be caused by a brain injury, trauma to the head, or ear infections. It has also been linked to environmental factors, such as turmoil in the child's home life.
Now, it would be one thing to come out and say "Yes, I agree that the 'burbs have encroached on Farmer Johnson's backyard range, and maybe we should look into this," but the bit about the guns he sells today not being like the guns he sold 35 years ago is just gratuitous B.S., mugging for the camera, and he knows it. The AR-15's he's selling now are no more potent than the ones he was selling in the '70s. I am once again proud of the fact that I have never set foot in this jackhole's shop, nor will I ever.
Now, I've got a few new ARCs I'm adding to my Nook, and hopefully they'll all be worth reporting back on when I'm done!
It’s a lot, but not unbelievably high (for 4 billion years). Also, 10^14 Watts for only the one year comes out as 3.154×10^21 Joules, which is:
See above. I interpret “bleeding” here to mean suffering–and while not all suffering is beautiful–I do find that all true beauty contains and is grounded in suffering and sacrifice. I do not posit this as an external objective truth for everyone–but merely as a subjective observation that I believe in.
Maddy insisted upon "helping" at first. Al says she's being as in the way as possible, but I think she's well-intended.
And our first of ten points we will cover this year is… Get A Diary.
10. Give more and never question myself.
We've had a very mild November, especially compared to the subzero temps of last year, but I'm not complaining. I love mild temperatures and it could stay like this all winter as far as I'm concerned.
Fagin: "We've got two days to make enough money to pay back Mr. Sykes. Dodger, keep an eye on the new kid. Show him the ropes."
You then want to place your dish into a larger dish and fill it with boiling water, aka a water bath. Why? To keep the entire souffle from becoming dry. It’s a moisture thing. I’m not making a moisture joke; I can’t think of any that would even come close to being appropriate for public consumption.
This week Challenge is:
FACTOID: Sheen plays Uncle Ben, who was portrayed by the late Cliff Robertson in the original trilogy. Both actors also played John F. Kennedy in “Kennedy” and P.T.109 respectively.
Gorgeous, huh?
This is one of the very best YA series I have ever read and it's definitely worth picking up. I think I love this series most because of the real-life drama and situations these teens are put in. The situations are indicative of what could truly happen in today's world and that's what makes it so exciting and thrilling. Packed with a combination of heart-wrenching teen angst and heart-stopping action with the threat of some really bad people, this is one you don't want to miss!"
"I refuse to become a monster."
This is harder than one might imagine, furniture is quite expensive in Costa Rica, there are no secondhand stores near us and what furniture is available is not ideally suited to being hauled up through a gap in the floor.
What stands out in my mind throughout the difficult process is how the Principal was not only professional but personable as well. She advocated for Fred and focused on what he needed to help him succeed. She followed his progress and honored his individuality. She inspired me to be a teacher, and taught me that as a teacher I have a tremendous responsibility to see my students as unique individuals and to advocate for their specific needs. I hope when I am faced with situations such as Fred’s, I will be slow to judge, quick to support, and patient be with frustrated and hurt parents. I want to be sure that as I listen to their words, I truly hear what both the students and the parents are saying. I want to be the true advocate for those students and parents that others were for me and my son.
Without having a booking agent or label support, John would sneak into empty offices at work to make calls to venues to try and get them gigs. At one point he was able to book them a short tour which got a mention in NME, but they never landed themselves on a bill with a large act. Nonetheless, they did catch the attention of Future Earth Records who signed the band.
If anyone else has other natural, affordable and/or easy tricks for managing diaper rash, I’d love to hear them.
And Rory became the official sh*t of Balleycraig. Now years later Rory is back sure that all he’ll have to do is show up and smile to win back the heart of his childhood love…Rory may have to think again. He’ll need time, perseverance and a bit of Irish luck to right his past wrongs. Because the Erin he left all those years ago isn’t the same woman he’s returning to…
My posts of La Maison are always long, filled with pictures of the stylish and beautiful vignettes and rooms throughout Pat and Stephanie's store. It's hard for me to stop pressing the button on the camera when there is so much inspiration at every turn. And though the photography here is good, I promise you - visiting the store is 100 times better. Unfortunately though, there won't be many more La Maison Home posts. (At least not at this location!) By the end of September 2012, Pat and Stephanie will be closing the doors of La Maison Home at their location in Chadds Ford. Many sale prices will be on pieces now through September. So if you've been resisting visiting their store - now is the time to bite the bullet and take a tour! I promise, you won't be disappointed!
Bruce Woolley: Ghost Train
This was a crazy, crazy week. On Monday, it was announced who are new principal will be for next year. It's the guy who does my job for the upper grades at our school. We've worked closely together for the last two years and I'm super excited for him and know he'll do a great job. However, I also found out on Monday that they've decided to get rid of our positions. They've decided to add an assistant principal and they hired someone who interviewed for the principal position. They told me that in the restructuring they wanted to ensure I was still a member of the team and they created a differentiated specialist position that they offered me. We're still discussing what that position will look like exactly but it sounds a bit like a combination of the two jobs I had prior to coming to here, which is great. I've been on an emotional rollercoaster all week and I've been stressed and overwhelmed with the changes. I'm excited to see what the new position has in store.
I was terrified, I should mention that. I'd written a novel in which the main character has a doll-head fused to her fist who hides in an ashen cabinet. I'd written about a boy who escapes a Dome to find his mother. I set two lives on a collision course in a landscape populated by Beasts, Dusts, Groupies ... which I can't even truly explain for you here.
Goodness, apparently I just can't get myself together enough to regularly post on this blog. Maybe it's because my life is super boring right now...just a whole lot of working, not enough sleeping, and a puppy who needs our constant attention. Nobody wants to read about that stuff.
Thomas began his working life as an auctioneer's clerk in Market Street before moving into banking and property development, eventually becoming a pawnbroker in Pink Lane.
"Explain Richard E. Grant." (Extra points for also positing a theory of Paul McGann.)
First, the rumors…I will begin with the things everyone always says…
Lydia had her first doctor appointment today, and this was also the first time I had been to this pediatrician's office. I really liked them. I told her about Adam and that we may be in there a lot like crazy lunatic parents. She was really nice and told us to come in any time. She was very supportive. Anyway, Lydia dropped to 6 lbs, 13 oz when we left the hospital (she was 7 lbs, 7 oz when born), and is up to 7 lbs, 10 oz now. Everything else is fine with her. We talked about her missing kidney, and the doctor was not concerned at all. She said we don't have to do anything different or special with her as she gets older. The only thing to consider is when she's older and wants to play contact sports. Obviously, this isn't something we need to discuss for years, so that was pretty much the end of the conversation. I'm so happy to hear that Lydia can live a normal life. It was like I already knew that, but hearing it from her pedi makes me feel better about the whole thing.
I love cooking with Taukan (wet bean curd block). It is great replacement for meat and the texture is similar to lean meat. I tried to use western herbs in this recipe. The result turns out ok.
- 50 mL Triple Sec
The 10,230 sq m four-storey building will feature study and research facilities, a lecture theatre, a large library and an environmentally controlled archive for rare documents; a prayer hall with traditional dome and minaret tower. The centre includes a 108-foot-high minaret and a 75-foot-high dome. It is estimated at £65 million. We must remember that Oxford, the University of Treachery, is pushing us out in favour of overseas students.
Of course the photo does not show it but the snowflakes around Edwin are in gold ans there is a fair bit of gold smudging on my card too. Really quite a pretty effect...
A young boy snuggling into his Mum
- I'm 67% sure Slaten's beta is biting the dust. Things are not looking good. I would perform mouth to mouth resuscitation, but I'm worried I'd inhale him, and I'm told fish need water not air to survive? Maybe we should have filled the bowl up?
My dear friends Matt and Jill are homeschooling their four children, and they’re doing an awesome job of it. Matt, no stranger to education (he has two master’s degrees) is a great communicator and very involved in his kids’ lives.
Palate: Malt, toffee, mint chocolate, fresh oak, oily and lots of nougat.
Following a series of stress tests earlier this year assessing banks’ ability to withstand a fresh financial crisis, the central bank has asked lenders to set aside more cash for bad loans and to double provisions for restructured debt, after warning that non-performing assets could rise by 25 per cent this year to 2.92 per cent of total portfolios. By comparison, bad loans at US banks last year stood at 3 per cent of total loans, according to Moody’s data.
Our other dog is a tiny Chihuaha called Holly. While she lacks size she makes up for it in attitude and heart. She is a good natured, non yappy, affectionate, child proof, spoilt rotten member of our family.
5. What's your favorite band/artist? I never have a specific answer for this question. Right now I am really liking the honey trees, slow club, givers, leftover cuties, she and him, holcombe waller, and two door cinema club.
My point in all of this is not to be judgmental. I do, however, get exasperated whenever I see someone raving about the absolute perfectness of unschoolers, because that simply isn't the reality. I believe one-hundred-percent that unschooling is the best option out there. That doesn't mean that just because you unschool, you, or your life, will be perfect, and it certainly doesn't mean that if you take a whole bunch of unschoolers and dump them in one place that you're going to get a perfect community. There's always room for improvement, and there will always be important issues to address. I think what we need to do is recognize that, admit it, and then see what we can do about it!
Once the first layer was laid out, the next layer was glued to the top, with the segments overlapping by 50%. Using clamps to hold the segments whilst the glue dried was not an option, as I didn’t really want to disturb the segments in lifting them to install clamps. Small screws were used instead. These would be removed once the glue dried. During the process, measurements across the diameter were checked to see that I was in fact making a circle!
It’s exactly what you’d expect from a Michael Bay film. Alot of explosions, epic action, slow motion, plenty of American propoganda and a melo-dramatic speech from a squeeky clean president.
Vigan is known for its preserved heritages. It is a World Heritage Site in that it is one of the few Hispanic towns left in the Philippines, and is well-known for its cobblestone streets, and a unique architecture that fuses Philippine and Oriental building designs and construction, with colonial European architecture. It is very famous, not only in the Philippines but also internationally. If you must be wondering why the houses look like these, it is because, like what I’ve said earlier, it is preserved since the Spanish Era in our country. That was hundreds of years ago.
The whispers in the morning of lovers sleeping tight. Are rolling by like thunder now as I look in your eyes. hold onto your body and feel each move you make, your voice is warm and tender, A ,love I could not forsake. Cause I am your lady and you are my man, whenever you reach for me I will do all that I can.
Bicycling, hiking, and star gazing are among other activities to experience in Austin. Zilker Park offers free concerts every Wednesday between June and August. Outdoor plays where actors interact with the audience can also be enjoyed in another area of this park. If you prefer being pampered, there are a plethora of spas. Paradise is another word often utilized to portray the capital city of Texas
Nate has suffered 2 strokes in within the past year and well, anyone would kinda be doin' a lil' less than great after that...
Not even an eigth of a mile down the road is also a federal prison camp. The inmates housed there are low security risk. They work around the base. They are janitors in the JAG school. They also do things like landscaping, etc... They're just not allowed to interact with people on the base. The instructors told us that if one of them talks to us tell them immediately and they'll be on a bus back to prison in Atlanta within two hours.
I saw your footprint;
What happens next?
Tenses weave in and out.
wild orchid roses won from the lovely pops
Folders & Pockets: Make sure they will fit 8.5” x 11” paper since most notes you’ll be taking and contracts will be printed on that size.
Look at the fruit that union-busting bears for the wealthiest Americans:
Thanks for your prayers and comments about Bob the Babe. He is recovering pretty well, and we dismissed the nurse today.
The first half passes and Rachel’s role develops wonderfully. Character of Paige has shown a lot of depth than in the first 30 minutes of the movie. Now, you start feeling connected to the film. You can feel that confusion that Paige feels when he looks at Leo, who claims to be her husband. But she remembers nothing about him. You can feel her trying her best not to hurt him. Even Channing’s character picks up the pace and develops as events start happening. Channing beautifully portrays Leo’s helplessness, which he feels when his wife leaves him out. You can feel Leo’s agony and frustration when he is cut off by the love of his life, as she remembers only the period before she met him. That awkwardness is well displayed between a husband and wife who were soul mates a while ago but have to live as strangers now.
Amazing White House Hoagie - October 31
1 topic
Pour onto parchment paper sprayed with non-stick spray. Spread out flat and evenly. Let cool over night. Do not place in refrigerator until it has completely cooled. Cut into pieces and wrap. Then refrigerate if desired.
Getting close to being done! I'm on the endless neck ribbing. It looks like I need to decrease a little more than the pattern calls for.
Special rules
tine as well, and I'd given
1/2 cup freshly squeezed & strained lemon juice
On the first week of gushing, my BP gave to me
2. Looked around on REI for reviews. The Timex Ironman got pretty decent reviews, so that stayed on my radar in addition to the Garmin Forerunners. I decided that I wanted something simple and without too many functions (examples: GPS-enabled altimeter, mapping capabilities on the watch, wireless connectivity), so I eliminated the 310 and above.
before heading out to dinner
In contrast, drinks prices in the off-trade have probably risen roughly in line with price inflation. But it’s not that alcohol is underpriced in the off-trade, but overpriced in the on-trade.
Here's a tip on colouring with aquabrush and pencils. Instead of colouring the image with pencils and running a brush over it, you can also take the colours directly off the pencil. You'll get much better control over the application. The colours are more intense, so it's wise to first test on scrap paper. Also, did you know you can actually lick colours off regular colour pencils? It really works! The colours might not be as deep as water colour pencils, and you have to adjust the wetness of your brush, but you can get more variety.
Hey, blogosphere!
Paul: if you're out there, check in. We're your friends, we worry about you. If you're snowed under counting your money, just say so. Now that Tories are an endangered species in this city, it would be terrible to lose the most prominent one. As long as we know you're safe (and not desperately casting about for a safe seat elsewhere, because let's face it, you're toast in 2015).
These rules hit the nail the head pretty well. The only thing I would change is to remove the last one as mentioned above since it doesn’t apply to my geographical location, and replace it with the rule: if the restaurant is known for a dish, order it. For example, if the restaurant is called “The Spaghetti Factory” then it’s probably advisable to order the spaghetti.
A piano concerto in my skin
- my mom! I know I've listed her about a dozen times now, but I'm truly so grateful to her for everything she does for us. She is sick this week and therefore cant come to my house and I am honestly lost without her. I take for granted all the little things she does each week that help me out immensely!
Cardstock: Stampin' Up-Pretty in Pink, Green Galore, Gable Green, Whisper White
February 25th through March 31st, 2012: The first of many community meetings was held in Oakland on February 25th, and over 100 Pittsburghers turned up to give their opinions on what was important to them as library users. We also collected feedback online, with a live survey that ran from March 1st through March 31st, 2012. You can read about the kinds of questions we asked and the sort of feedback we were looking for in the official discussion guide, which was used by both in-person and online participants. All the information we collected during that time was collated into a summary document that will now drive our next moves.
Okay, this is the second time I've had Giorgos, but the man is a legend in the Greek music industry. Also, he follows nicely from last week and Jeff Healey. How so?
David Rivero 1942 - 2012
On a business trip
Oh lovelies, it has been busy since S4 got here. As a matter of fact, I started to get the blues. Not full on depression, but blues. I felt like I was losing control- S1 and S2 had fall break last week, so the timing was bad because everyone was at home. Everyone at home made things a bit overwhelming and I just wanted to sleep. Plus, S4's first pediatrician appointment did not get off on a very positive note (story for another post). So I felt like all I was doing was nursing S4 and being a lousy mom to the rest of the crew including my dear hubby. My oh-so awesome midwife called me and told me that her oh so awesome student midwife would bring over my encapsulated placenta and some dark chocolate for me within the hour. Mind you, it was already about 8pm....
... they were given homemade, light wheat, french bread with a jar of strawberry freezer jam or a loaf of brown sugar, cinnamon, raisin swirl bread. I sure hope everyone enjoyed. I won't be baking in mass for a while now.
He just took a few steps and the sight that greeted him made him furious. Santos had of course brought back the mares. The stallions and mares were gleefully cavorting with each other and Santos lay on the grass in a relaxed manner watching their love play intently as if it were midnight Masala on television. The lazy pervert!
I’d skip a suit in a wild color -- remember the powdered blue ones from the ‘70s -- because you want your pictures to look timeless.
I'm looking hard for redeeming features but there's basically no malt character and what hop there is is just a sharp bitterness, more like something that poured from a plastic tub than infused via the cheery leafy cone some teenager has crayoned onto the label. The bucketloads of fizz do it no favours and... is that vinegar? It gets worse the more I think about it. I'd be better off just moving on to the next beer...
We left Innamincka and headed south down the Stezlecki Track, which was scarred with many massive wheel ruts and slippery sections after the rain. Spent a great night at the Montcollina Bore that is a hot artesian spring, which allowed us to indulge in hot water pursuits.....washing dishes, clothes, bodies etc...Had dingoes hanging around at night. Finally arrived in Lyndhurst at the end of the track, where we desperately needed to refill our water tanks (one still not in operation) repairs would have to wait till we reached a bigger town.
Tasneem, Ziyaad’s daughter, has a black Muslim significant other on campus. Is refusing the proposal on the basis of skin colour Islamic behaviour? Zaheer is stuck on Chappies and is being dragged through night clubs, zol selling and a series of other evils. How does he resist peer pressure and listen to the voice of reason, his best friend Umar.
Solid piney bitterness that lingers and fades to grassy, then to a solid malty grainy bitterness.
School Lane
So this one is easy. I am always begging you to share your stuff... everyone has movies... whether 10 or 5,765, I would heart to see how you go about organizing them! Oh, and just so you all know, you can always share your photos on my Facebook page as well, hint hint! But if you do, just know I might snag them to share with everyone on the blog too!!
and the Violence of Development
By chance, I found an indoor climbing centre in London. Problem solved. Then I did a bit more searching and found one only five miles from where I live. Even better.
Yes, I actually have these thoughts sometimes…and one day in my FLEX aerobics class, they were running rampant through my head. And continuing…I used to be “one of them,” you know. Well, with the exception of the skimpy clothing. But now? Now I am a red-faced, hyperventilating, under-confident, thrumpy, almost-forty something someone.
Gina, over at Portrait of a Writer. . . Interrupted, reprinted a great article from Mary Demuth on Publishing. In it, she shares her goals as a writer that are not defined by the "success" of publishing. It's a great read for writers, and I think we can apply it to our blogging as well.
I nodded and she turned and began to walk away. I eased back into my seat and my eyes followed her stride. When she disappeared into the house, I suddenly felt it…loneliness. It was there but had been a very subtle presence.
"Public Health" has no "interest".
Songwriter, singer, and producer Leon Ware is one of the less-recognized products of the Motown Records music factory of the 1960s and '70s, primarily because he has tended to work behind the scenes despite recording a series of albums under his own name. His signature style is a highly romantic approach to soul music that has resulted in many hit records, notably "I Wanna Be Where You Are," recorded by Michael Jackson, and "I Want You," recorded by Marvin Gaye, both of which he co-wrote.
Thannks for stopping by - I really do appreciate all your sweet comments!
Make a pot of healthy, antioxidant green tea. Decrease cancer risk.
from a European tour, behind glass—
But we are blessed.
You did always get the feeling that if Leo Sayer was made of chocolate he'd eat himself. But then, if I were made of chocolate, I'd eat myself. Except for my hands of course. I'd need those to use my keyboard.
From the same session as #4. The recording begins by me trying to explain which song I was refering to in a discussion that took place earlier. The original, of which I play a few seconds, was by Flani and Alou and their kamalen n'goni act. Zani needs a few moments to recall the song and Flani helps him by singing a few lines from the song. After a while Zani decides it is better to keep the guitar playing monotonous to imitate Alou's n'goni of the original. This certainly gives the song more pace, and goes on 'till the break at 4'25. The subsequent variations again show Zani's skills as an improviser.
The Arrivals is made by a team of three young Muslim men. In this documentary they explain how depathing works. They made me realize how powerful the devil really is. How knowledgeable he really is, How schemeing can he really be.
Pour batter into prepared loaf pan and bake in 350 degree oven until toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 50 -55 minutes. Allow bread to cool 10 minutes in loaf pan before turning out onto a wire rack to cool completely.
Our industry is still using the original wording from the Stone Age like policy, premium, agent and beneficiary to describe the features and benefits of our products. These are not fun words. Sarah did not like these words. For her age group, these words conjure up completely different thoughts and responses than the traditional insurance buyer.
“We should have wagered on the dead guy.”
not sure what we'll be sitting on other than the ground,
CARMAN WF. Incidence and recall of influenza in a cohort of Glasgow healthcare workers during the 1993-4 epidemic: results of serum testing and questionnaire; Br Med J 1996; 33: 1241-1242.
Can you tell that this has become a common theme with me recently? The closer I get to actually querying my manuscript, the larger this question looms. Is my work worthy? Do I belong in the club? Or am I like Chuck and his son, star-gazing into a refracted reality? But what about the positive comments I get from my beta readers and critique group, don’t they count for something? Then I remember all of the praise and slaps on the back Chuck and his son received, were those not sincere as well?
Here's where you come in. My husband has been hinting that he is now the only boy in the house that doesn't have a Jimmer shirt--and he needs one. BUT, I want his Jimmer shirt to be COOL! The best of the best! SO, here's how it will work:
Never underestimate the power of a sunny spot.
hmm. yeah, it took me about 10 seconds to realize that this was NOT the lamp i ordered.
Grace Mitchell, a tailor and pastry cook began building a new residence and shop at the bottom of the hill at Mt. Pleasant Road and commenced her pastry business which she continued to run until the 1970s. On retirement Grace (then 67) swapped pastry and fabric for paint and sculpture and began her Fine Arts Degree at RMIT. Grace passed away April 2011.
And that, dear reader, is the challenge for 2012.
Bersih 3.0 is a civil society initiative. It is a coalition of NGOs demanding free, clean and fair elections. Before the rally last Saturday, Bersih leader Datuk S Ambiga made it very clear that it was to be a peaceful event and the sit-in was called by Bersih and not any political party.
There is no more moral highground, no more western values, no beliefs to use as a back-stop for western civilization.
The voice came from Zero’s right. It’s tone held no malice in it considering the statement, and Zero knew the speaker meant it as a way of showing Michael mercy. Zero scoffed.
It's the last game of a hard-fought season, and an athletic team (the Blue-Blooded Ancestor Hunters?) suddenly finds itself short by one member. Six players are required; they have only five. You're asked to fill in, even though you have no knowledge of the game. That doesn't matter, they assure you, the real team members will carry the ball and do the scoring. All you have to do is stand where the coach tells you to, and be counted. Some sort of reward is offered--fame? fortune? undying gratitude? some skeletons for your closet?--so you accept the deal. The team wins the game, and the highly-coveted blue ribbons are passed out to everyone on the team, including you. Tell me, how meaningful is that blue ribbon to you? Isn't it pretty much commensurate with how much you've invested in the game?Some people do genealogy because it's part of their religious practice. Some do it as a vocation. Many of us do it as an avocation and, oh, how we bristle if our pursuit is reduced to the lowly status of a mere hobby! No matter which category we fit into, though, I'd be willing to bet it's the thrill of the hunt that keeps us going, and that tantalizing prospect of another happy dance possibly just minutes away.
And when the focus on the inconsequential crowds out the things that have a practical impact, we lose. Progressives lose, liberals lose, Democrats lose, everyone who wants to have a fact-based discourse loses, everyone who wants government to solve real problems loses.
The show, which happens every two years, will be on view through December 31 of this year. There will be an artist event on August 24, and a gallery tour by its curator, Patricia Kernan, today, May 1, at 12:00 noon.
gravitated toward it
KDOT will award $1,000 scholarships to winners in four categories: best original song, best original writing, best original art and best original commercial.
That being said, NINE DAYS TILL TWO OCEANS AND MY POSSIBLE DEATH!
All else follows from this.
Cohort Review
2 Pet 1:5-9 (NIV) For this very reason, make every effort to add to your faith goodness; and to goodness, knowledge; and to knowledge, self-control; and to self-control, perseverance; and to perseverance, godliness; and to godliness, brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness, love. For if you possess these qualities in increasing measure, they will keep you from being ineffective and unproductive in your knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. But if anyone does not have them, he is nearsighted and blind, and has forgotten that he has been cleansed from his past sins.
Compact Florescent Lights (CFL’s). CFL bulbs produce the same amount of light as an incandescent, but use less electricity. Additionally, the bulb can last up to ten times longer, depending upon how often it’s turned off and on. They come in various colors, sizes and shapes, and can vary in hue from warm to bright white to cool. Some are even dimmable.
No one can know for sure. He may be carrying a recessive gene from a distant relative, one which made a sudden reappearance the current generation. He may have been influenced by bad companions at a vulnerable time in his life.
Jon Stewart Presents George W. Bush and Louis Black – Black Attack! Stephen Colbert – Obama’s Big Day and Paul Ryan’s Fixation on Ayn Rand Pastor Says Parents Should Punch ‘Girly’ 4 Year Olds Sen. Mitch McConnell Asks for Money with a Melange of Rhetoric and Lies Huffington Post 2012 Election Coverage What are you doing with God's invitation? NEWT GINGRICH CALLS ROMNEY A LIAR AND NOT A CONVERVATIVE
encroaches on some matters that these nice Globalists are hell-bent on
* Lack of self-confidence.
We know right away that this is not a Native family. They play Indian for their theme park. It makes them money. They benefit by playing Indian. Will we, as I continue to read, find out that Ava is uncomfortable with playing Indian? Is someone going to challenge their playing Indian? I wish Russell had also said that the "tribal apparel" is also fake.
Saturday consisted of a 5 mile jog at the American Tobacco Trail, where we usually run. I keep saying I'm done for the spring with races, however we did sign up for another one that is in 2 weeks. Maybe that'll be the last one for the spring? I doubt it. HA! Anyways, the trail is quite woodsy and I love the scenic views. When the clouds are out, it's obviously darker in the woods compared to a sunny day and reminds me of Twilight. Somehow I imagine running into Edward out there. After our run we spent the rest of our afternoon at the Great Grapes Wine, Art & Music Festival. It's mostly the same vineyards that attend every year, however we enjoy going just to get out drink great wines and snack on delicious foods. Our favorite drink (and Joe's surprisingly) this year was a unique mixture of a Shortcake Strawberry Wine plus Dark Shadow (the Dark Shadow smelled and tasted very much like a hint chocolate when tasted alone). It was delicious!!! More on this adventure later...
fun times shared in this abode
Since that girl left me flat seven days ago, I've being at home writing, words, so many words....
And the kicker? Oliver speaks French and sneaks onto the sofa and then looks at me like he has no idea how he got there. Oh he's sly.
Our third and final day in Marrakech, we finally did something other than shop. We went on a two hour camel trek. It was as cool as it sounds, except that it happened to be the hottest day of our trip, like 105 degrees walking around in a damn oven hot! I sooo regretted not bringing my water with me. Aside from nearly dying from heat exhaustion, the whole experience was awesome, and Carrie Bradshaw and crew ain't got nothin on us!
But how he ended it was simply the best …and today as I felt like I was hit with an anvil in my head, heart, body and soul by an “obnoxious boy” ( a long story for another day and another post) it is deemed most appropriate ….
Story’s within story’s, and sometimes you just have to write the easy with the rough,
dogs.....
they prove that you can be absolutely brilliant
Woo hoo! The bid was reasonable, the guy was nice, the pictures looked good, I talked to 2 satisfied customers. We decided to take the plunge and hire him.
Uh oh, the human hurricanes have woken up so better sign off...
While wild-caught salmon are renowned for their extremely high levels of naturally occurring Omega-3 fatty acids, farm-raised salmon and trout contain higher amounts of Omega-6 fats. Omega-6’s are pro-inflammatory and too much of them will promote unhealthy conditions in the body including hyperactivity and other nervous system disorders.
Coming and going out of my life,
The whole crew with almost everyone with their eyes open-have a lot of "blinkers" in our family ;)
you asked about a distinction between genitals
“And these words that I command you today shall be on your heart. You shall teach them diligently to your children, and shall talk of them when you sit in your house, and when you walk by the way, and when you lie down, and when you rise. You shall bind them as a sign on your hand, and they shall be as frontlets between your eyes. You shall write them on the doorposts of your house and on your gates.” (Deuteronomy 6:6-9) If you want to teach godly character, it is important to have it around the home.
Chris Savory, a consultant who was employed as an interim senior manager at the General Social Care Council (GSCC), is one of those who have benefited. He was paid a total of £222,000 by the GSCC through his company, Interim Public Finance Management, for his services from April 2010 to March 2011, on which corporation tax would have been paid. Accounts for the company show it lent him £58,636 that year.
After all, that’s what friends are for.
But lately I have noticed that on Mondays everything has been going wrong. Now, I am on summer break so I don't even work on Mondays. There are no deadlines and no stress; just chores and errands that I still wake up and try to be ready for by 9am.
7. Allow to cool for at least 15 minutes and then cut into squares.
This was her response:
*About the chutney--it's sweet and made of many, lovely, fruity tastes. I picked it up at a craft fair before the holidays. And this has been my favorite way to use it! PS--Stonewall Kitchen has no idea that I exist--so this is not some kind of paid advertisement. I just wanted to tell you where I got this stuff in case you wanted to try my "Mmmmmm.... Sandwich."
Below: Eva Marie Saint, in shock, approaches the podium to accept her Best Supporting Actress Oscar for On the Waterfront, her tasteful ensemble barely concealing her pregnancy. (Courtesy Life images)
Ultimately Eli wrote his book so that his children will know where he came from and also so that they would understand their grandparents background. "I wanted to recreate the city of my childhood which I loved so much and to keep it with me so I can hang it at night like I hang the book," he said.
I always enjoy visiting with Pete. He said he and his wife will be at the concert Saturday to hear my new "Fire & Ice" song. Which, in a flurry of techiness, I burned to a CD for him to play on the air as a sneak preview of the concert. Which, of course, didn't work when he tried to play it.
Always nice to see how much our debt is O_O WHAT ???!?!? I'm voting for Vermin Supreme, he promises every American a pony and surely he can do as good as anyone else with the economy...At least I'll get a pony this time around. Ha !..Actually its not the debt, if you want to see what the numbers mean, check out one of the greatest Taxi blogs in the world for the answer...New York City's own Eugene at Cabs Are For Kissing ...you'll love this blog...He is a brilliant writer and photographer, if you've never been to his sight , don't miss out now.
I didn't know you,
I am overcoming some of my own shame just by posting this happy song, which looks a lot like our walk. Tomtom would always make fun of me for liking this song when he was in high-school. “That is such a thirty-year-old’s song to be bouncing her head to, when she isn’t busy with lolcats” Yeah, it is.
music and poetry. Gardner's unique card and hand-signal
always got new clothes and dyed eggs
Sometimes it's hard to buy the perfect gift... especially for the boys... and especially when it comes to clothing or accessories. I admit that it is easier to find things for the girls... but maybe that is because I am a girl... If there is one comment that infuriates me it is the one when I hear... 'I couldn't think of anything to give'... 'I've run out of ideas'... 'They have everything'... No one has everything and even if they do... they still deserve spoiling. There can never be too many books, too many scents or too many flowers for men or women... and that is without even pushing the gift giving boundaries. Gift giving is more about the thought behind the gift than any one particular item. A generous gift is one that is tailor made for the recipient and a generous gift is one that has required time and effort to find or make.
photo by steven meisel
Roshon Fegan and Chelsie Hightower: 23 (7, 8, 8) + 5 = 28
Adam Pierończyk belongs to a younger generation of Polish musicians who concern themselves with their national jazz history in a fresh and jaunty way. On his cd Komeda – The Innocent Sorcerer he celebrates a nostalgia-free homage to the sonic universe of the great jazz pioneer and film composer Komeda; And much like his musical ancestor, Pierończyk manages to conjure musical magic with relatively simple means.
I mean we are lucky. Andy has a decent job and health insurance. We are making it if just barely. And I am on the hunt to find something that works for our lives. The working from home thing worked super well from me so I would love to find something similar.
It was time to board. As I walked towards the flying eggbeater, I started an inner dialogue, backed up by the Ride of the Valkyries.
The technicalities of broadcasting have resulted in broadcast signals being available beyond the remit of the copyrights the broadcaster has bought since broadcasting first began. In the days of analogue terrestrial television it was possible to pick up UK TV in parts of Holland and Northern France. As the people picking up these signals were few in number and private individuals not engaged in a commercial activity (Dutch bars never picked up on the exciting commercial possibilities of showing Eastenders) it was never considered an issue worth pursuing. Why would a copyright holder of a Hollywood movie that sold the rights to the BBC for broadcast in the UK have much of a problem with a few hundred other people watching it, considering the costs and legal issues involved?
If you’re a fan of Paris, a fan of witty anecdotes, a fan of good writing and most importantly, a fan of food, you won’t find a more satisfying read this (northern-hemisphere) summer.
spiced buttermilk cake with pinot noir berry sauce and whipped cream
Combine the chocolate chips, cream, and vanilla in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring frequently until smooth. Remove the pan from the heat and let cool to room temperature (about 10 minutes). Pour glaze over the cheesecakes (which are still in the pan) and spread evenly.
Once bought our camera (i.e. a reflex) we have to learn how to hold it in our hands, there is a correct way to do it.
And yet I wonder about that statement, now that I've typed it. Where, exactly, does dutifulness live in a text? Where would I get the perception that a writer was writing dutifully rather than passionately? How would I respond if the writer were suddenly beamed into my living room and said, "Hey, you! I wrote that story because it's a story I had to tell, a story that burned at my fingertips, a story that, if I didn't tell it, would have caused me to spontaneously combust! There's nothing dutiful about it!"
I've been checking out Google analytics and came across a few keywords googled by people who have stumbled onto my blog. I'm sure they were sorely disappointed when they got here:
But tonight... instead of this current painful place, i'm lifting my chin just a smidge.... i'm fixing my gaze just a tiny bit into the future...
I just have to build a reflector now; that will hang over the light fitting. This will bounce the light down over the plants making sure they get the full benefit of the bulbs instead of the light merely lighting the whole room.
What’s wrong with her? Is she responsible for his awful aggression? Yet she can’t help but think there’s something wrong with this child — really wrong. And when she says “something wrong,” she invokes that little kernel of anxiety that keeps you wide awake, heart pounding, at 3am with worry about what that something might be. She takes the toddler to the doctor, who gives him an unequivocal thumbs up. Whew — right?
What better way to celebrate World IP Day can there be than to report on the latest intellectual property ruling of the Court of Justice of the European Union in Case C‑510/10 DR, TV2 Danmark A/S v NCB - Nordisk Copyright Bureau, a reference for a preliminary ruling from the Østre Landsret (Denmark)?
How do you like it?
..."OH MY GOSH! Ma'am, are you alright?" (as I was still trying to make sure I was alright and would still be racing in 5 weeks, I looked up to this kid...)
Weis has his own answer to such questions: “Raylun ta getpa gushu krispy kreme.”
The girl that made up the mean rumor about me tricking someone into getting me pregnant came into my work yesterday. I can't even really describe the physical reaction I had to her presence. I avoided her the entire time, but ugh - I felt it. Racing pulse, increased body temperature, cold, clammy hands. Perhaps I should I have just confronted her.
You know the Bearfighter doesn’t back products or services or experiences very often that he hasn’t created himself. That’s because I am committed to only bringing you the raw thunder you expect from me on our existential romp through time together. I mean, who else can switch between 3rd and 1st person so effortlessly with such little regard for proper English or even, improper English.
A little while later, same friend starts talking about how one time she was explaining an event to a group of people and said ejaculation instead of explosion. In the uncomfortable silence, she realized her mistake. Once words are spoken, you cannot bring them back. I thought Freudian slip but whatever, apparently, they were not impressed. Bad visual. I think those people had a skewed perception of her for like, forever. It’s a good thing I like her so much.
There is a really big funeral happening in Wujal Wujal tomorrow for a respected old lady from the community. Frankie,a local bama and friend, told me that they have a big feast after the funeral. This afternoon they were preparing a whole bullock, some sea turtle (ngnawia), as well as other meat, and kilos and kilos of vegetables. This will be a very important funeral. I have been told that not many children will be going to school tomorrow either. I won’t be attending, as I did not know her. It would be disrespectful for me to show up.
Although some of the physics that he draws on to back up his arguments was well beyond me he is good at trying to flesh out his ideas in laymans terms.
a red candle for the element of fire
demarcation among
For more of Bryce Dessner on the most important albums of his life, check out the new March issue of Uncut, out January 31.
It's not that unusual, the late-night start. The under-thirty crowd is aggressively nocturnal, apparently, and arriving at a bar close to midnight is cool. By necessity that usually means being there for closing, often a messy thing. Most places in our neck of the woods have a 2:00 am close.
Think rich, violet velvet!
Does this mean it’s impossible to create advertising that rises to the level of art? No. Every generation has a few people who can do that. But trust me on this one, it ain’t you.
Add the potatoes and pearl barley, mix them in, and then add the tomato paste, soy sauce, veggie broth, and water. Mix everything together well and bring to a boil.
"As I rolled into bed last night, I said, "Samantha, do you want to hear about what I got up to on this great guys' night out?" And she -- she's not too impressed by these things. She said, "Well, everything you did was on television. You were surrounded by the presidential bodyguard, so presumably you didn’t get up to anything."
We will definitely do it again next year, and it will be on April 7 again (a Sunday), and it will be BIGGER. There will be more session beers available, there will be more participating bars and breweries, there will be more people supporting it.
and dirty word.
Arsenal – Man Utd – Swansea – West Brom – Tottenham – Chelsea – Stoke – Man City
This is a lovely image from Elzybels (no longer available to buy sadly) and its a cute little angel sprinkling wishes, peace and dreams as stardust from her cloud. I coloured her in a soft muted palette and added lots of glamour dust and glitter and matted onto silver mirri. I added a sentiment to the bottom, matted onto more mirri with a top and bottom border of stars using a Martha Stewart punch. Simple, but hopefully effective.
destroy them with double destruction!
To believe in the sincere and genuine, and have trust built,
Today saw two minor developments in the continuing saga. First I got a CT scan, this time without the contrast dye that they usually IV into me. The last time they did this they were concerned because I sneezed when I was about to leave and they made me sit around in my johnny shirt for an extra 20 minutes, presumably to see if I would catch pneumonia. Apparently sneezing can be a sign of an allergic reaction to the dye and since this can get fairly fatal they take it pretty seriously. When I mentioned this to Dr. D she said she would get my future CT scans done without the dye and so it has proved to be. The whole exercise is very short, now that they don’t have to muck about with the IV. My next appointment with Dr. D is on the 11th by which time I expect the results to be in. There does not seem to be any reason to worry.
OK, not the point, really. Whichever day you choose for your feast, I have a little suggestion. If you are having roast beef and Yorkshire pudding, that is. The reliable old recipe for Yorkie from the Joy of Cooking can't be beat. But I beat it the other night, easy-peasy and worth a dare.
Well I hadn't really lost my mojo I have been just soooo busy making invitations over the last two weeks - my poor, poor neglected blog. When I haven't been making cards for a while I always check back with the Mojo Monday sketch blog to get me back in the mood and today was no exception!! Oh yeah..... I also bought a stack of card magazines today {went to buy 1, came back with 4}.
And there will also be staff on hand to microchip pets for free during the sessions.
Gravity- Sara Bareilles- This is a very beautiful song with great lyrics which Louise performs to perfection. She sings with the right amount of tenderness and power behind the vocals. She takes the listener through the journey of the song. I love it.
I do like necking lout from branded glassware, and as I had the glass I had to buy a few bottles of the beer. I even had an ill fitting T-Shirt with the brand on and despite the paint stains on it I digged it out of the garage to wear for my lout judging session.
With assurances of my highest consideration.
shaky hands
“I missed you every single day.” Christian’s calm smile met with Addison’s as she climbed back into his lap, straddling his hips. “I’m so glad you’ve found your way back to me.” He wrapped his arms around her waist, the look of sinful love on both of their faces as they formed their own world in the small space between their warm bodies.
The CrossFit Assault Gang
First we will present Mr. Quincy.
Such a melting pot, on the corner selling rock, preachers pray to God
MOST of the carbon-carbon double bonds in natural unsaturated fatty acids are cis. What does this mean? This means that MOST of the trans fats in our diets are produced through food processing.
…five childrens’ furrowed faces break to grins.
Here is a photo from a previous visit where I was celebrant for Vespers and Benediction. I think that I did clink the chains.
Thursday, 03 May 2012
The lady who sits about 12 feet to my left, facing in my direction, has worked with me for about 11 years. I can’t remember the last time we spoke to each other.
No matter how much she cajoled, he remained firm in wanting to keep their destination a surprise. They continued riding and eventually Jessica’s cramp eased. The scenery was beautiful and the day was warm without being too hot. Just over the next rise was their destination.
And honestly I'm way too tired to fight
Well, here we are again, counting up more failed banks.
It used to be that the purging of items happened during a move to a new house. I haven't moved in over 17 years. So I must start evaluating items again. The next non-diving weekend will see me ripping through the house to get rid of stuff again.
Another mom asked me once when we were having a mom’s day of crafting and scrapbooking how I decide what photos to choose from. I paused unsure of how to answer, and then just told her it was really difficult, and at the time I thought I was picky. Surprise to me! I’m not as picky as I think. I thought I put a lot of thought into it before, but this last week I’ve put even more thought into it.
Pulling into the driveway I notice the gate is ajar. “Oh, great,” I mutter to myself. Where have they gone now? As I exit the car, I begin calling, “Isaiah, Isaac, hey, boys, where are you?” No response and no sign of either of them. Walking up to the gate, I scan the lower meadow for either of my wolves; dreading the long drive through the neighborhood searching for them.
Train a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not turn from it. – Proverbs 22:6
It is funny how a simple call from him this afternoon has heightened my longing for him……it is going to be long few weeks.
Purshia tridentata (Antelope Bitterbrush)
06/16 – Austin, TX @ The Parish
I spent the next half an hour fiddling with the cake...trying my best to spread the whipping cream as smooth and even as possible so that it will still look presentable without any piped swirls or rosettes. As stated in most cookbooks, the more swipes you make across the frosted surface, the uglier it will get. In the end, I gave up and simply used the back of a spoon to create some swirls, haphazardly. This is the worst frosting I have done, even the sides looked horrible. Fortunately, those Korean strawberries which I bought on sale were very fresh and looked very pretty, they really made up for my lousy skills.
Yep! It's the night before my birthday, and Linette is my date!
- Once all the ingredients are cooked, mix together in a salad bowl. Slice the avocado and put it in last to prevent oxidation. Dress and serve (a little goes a long way!)
Apparently some American critics think that Jennifer Lawrence's body is 'unrealistic' for the film, stating that she should have looked 'hungrier'. Some even said that she had 'too much baby fat'. Ah...
This video needs to be watched again over and over. It is a bit of a David Brent moment, where the flawed 'on camera' persona slips and the even more flawed 'off camera' persona shows through.
There is no recipe or formula to making a good film, (That’s a tiny lie as I personally believe that Jerry Bruckheimer has found, made and bottled the formula to making epic blockbusters. The main ingredient being the repetitive use of the American flag in the back ground. Don’t believe me? Next time you watch Armagedon have a shot for every time you see an American flag, I guarantee you, you’ll be out of it by the end of the first 30 minutes.) but the following thing is what capture me and makes me believe a film is good.
Now that Christmas is over how many of you are gonna tell me they didnt stuff their faces….. You know that even tho you were full u still kept eating for the sake of it Lol
I wouldn't want to be in silence very often or for very long, but every now and then, it's such a lovely experience that gratitude for the opportunity to stop a moment...yes, that's a must.
Example: On screen graphic: “USC’s offensive stats vs. UCLA: 9 points, 35% third-down conversion, 55 yards net rushing…” You: “Aw, people can come up with statistics to prove anything, Kent. Forfty percent of all people know that.”
Mick Rooney presents Democratization or Be Damned posted atPOD, Self Publishing and Independent Publishing. “The only way true ‘Democratization of Publishing’ is going to happen is when the old ‘traditional’ publishing aristocracy takes on and embellishes what is good outside and around it – all that it currently fears.”
Since this entry was written, a lot of Twitterers have started using Klout in conjunction with Twitter. Klout is an addon that uses the Twitter API to roughly gauge how influential Tweeps are when talking about various topics, and may be useful to new users looking for more information about the reliability/authority of potential follows. I don’t know that Klout is worth its own entry, but if RAO ever decides to update this entry it may merit a paragraph. (And no, I have no idea why Klout thinks I am influential in “Teeth”. Obviously the algorithm is not perfect…)
Patricia Kul, 47,who works in Cluny Bakery, said: “I haven’t had any trouble. “Maybe a couple of cans missing now and again. “But I know the newsagents gets trouble with a few louts in at a time taking stuff.” What’s the secret of your success, Patricia? Is it the pies?
I was fortunate enough to go to the film’s world premiere at the full frame documentary film festival in Durham.
Nope...too busy watching kidlets in the pool.
Firstly I must apologise for my absence from this blog. I have been busy living. Andy Dufresne would be very proud. It has been a hectic couple of weeks for me; many things to reflect upon and to smile about, but I’ll get to those in just a minute.
Today I received an email from Democrats Abroad (the overseas branch of the US Democratic Party). In it was a warning that discussed how the consulate services would change for people wanting to bring foreign family with them when they move back to the U.S.
Okay, who remembers The Visible Man??? I found this "educational" toy fascinating as a kid. Apparently this is a model that you actually had to put together yourself, and then you could stare in horror and fascination through the Visible Man's clear plastic..er...skin, and see all his grody organs! Yeah!!! And then what the hell would you do with it? Did the Visible Man date Barbie? Was he displayed lovingly on a dresser? Yeah, I don't know either.
If a man or woman hasn’t cherished you after all the things you’ve done in a relationship, don’t expect them to change all of a sudden. Sometimes it takes hard lessons in life for us to really value the important things in front of us. To be mature is to have the mental capacity to handle things like real adults. To hold your ground and refrained from using derogatory language. It’s the ability to be able to confront things head on and walk away when things aren’t working with your gentleman or lady card in hand. I constantly run in to my ex girlfriend and even though I would have a valid point to not talk to her, I rather say “hello,” give her a kiss on the cheek and walk away. When it came down to it, I didn’t lose as much as she did, (Gentleman card still in my hand.)
his name.
5 - Pink Paislee Indigo Bleu collection - Boutique Trinkets (brads and buttons)
My husband through all of this was incredible. By now I was unbearably hot so I had him drenching a washcloth in ice water, and then laying it with some ice chips on my head and neck. But his favorite part that he insisted I put in this story was when he started counting out loud. I had warned him I didn’t want that, so as I pushed (with my eyes closed) I started frantically waving for him to stop. According to him, I whacked him pretty hard!! Still, having him there, knowing
I can't think of one. (The King's Speech was excellent, and by far the best movie I've seen in ages, but I saw that in 2011)
So yesterday in celebration we all did nothing. For ages. We drank coffee (those of us over 3 years old), ate popcorn, sat on Mama (those of us under 3 years old) and enjoyed the sun. Richer!
I did scan and post several of the other Galactica ads, and even Frazetta's for "War Of The Gods," but missed these - and then, I was without a functioning scanner for a year or so, and apparently forgot that I'd missed them.
Nadia got a taste of success when she was part of iio and released “Rapture.” Now on the solo career path, Nadia continues to impress music fans without sharing the spotlight.
Winner: Android, for now
And of course, what makes this blog even better? Why love from you of course! So feel free to drop me a line at iheartorganizing@gmail.com, or leave a comment on the blog or Facebook, or even better yet, submit to me your organized spaces and/or tips and tricks, so I can share your love, back to the readers. We are nothing but continuous inspiration to one another, and the spark that drives new ideas and motivates us to strive to create a more comfortable lifestyle, whatever the definition of that is to you!
My flag needs less spears, more white.
Ram: 1 GB
Because of that I never liked to acknowledge was that the truth is I was naturally a fine bass player and only an okay guitar player. Do you really aspire to be in the rhythm section? Nobody notices you there. And you get no respect, Rodney. Nearly everyone thinks the bass is just a dumbed-down guitar, and that anybody could play it. Thanks. I’m sure anybody could do your job too. So here, watch the birdie.
be a citizen of One Malaysia
9 Double-click on the hanging sequence movie clip with the Selection tool (V) to enter inside it. To be sure that you are really inside the movie clip symbol, take a look above the stage, it is clearly written there:
Today Target's (or, the two that I've been to today), have 90% off Christmas clearance. Not that there's anything left really, but that was not so much the reason for giving up on the idea. No, I'm just out of money again, otherwise I would probably go look at one more store. Then I'm thinking that I might find just a bit more money, but that I still should just stay around here, maybe buy a few more things I saw at the grocery store, and then maybe on more grocery type things like a loaf of bread instead of Christmas stuff that I might not even use next year.
(See FAIR Action Alert, 9/24/09.) Yet an August 2009 poll by the
The Carpenters Arms - A fairly central pub which does wicked food, interesting beer and cider and has a great outdoor balcony. I've hired this place out so many times for birthdays - it is an excellent venue!
The Crown Office has asked Strathclyde Police for a “preliminary assessment” and to hand any findings to prosecutors for possible further action.
If you don't have a blog, that is ok too! Just come and interact with us in the comments section. And don't worry, if you aren't in to this files thing, I'll be posting regular content as well such as Goals for the Week, etc, so don't go anywhere!
The earthquake struck about 100 km WNW of the epicenter of a magnitude 8.0 quake which struck the region on June 17, 1928.
We got to the friend's house, greeted by a familiarly dismal scene: 2 guys playing Rock Band and a girl petting her two chihuahuas on the couch behind them, drinking a beer and alternating her sounds of encouragement between the two animal species in the room. I started to drink.
For example, Apis is a homeopathic remedy from bee venom – it is used for swelling from insect bites or allergies. Things that respond well to Apis tend to be better with cold and worse with heat – kind of like a bee sting. Another remedy is Rhus tox which is made from poison ivy. It is used for joint pain that is better with movement and it will also help with a poison ivy outbreak.
of clients who seek occult healing can be opened to suffering
Even so, you have always been connected to me.
In a shallow dish, combine bread crumbs, Parmesan, Italian seasoning, garlic salt, and garlic. Mix thoroughly. In seperate dish, scramble the eggs. Dip the eggplant strips into the egg, then coat with bread crumb mixture. Arrange in a single layer on a greased cookie sheet. Spritz eggplant strips with cooking spray. Bake at 350 degrees for about 15 minutes, or until golden and crisp looking. Turn sticks over, spritz with cooking spray, and continue to bake for another 15 minutes or so, or until golden and crisp. Serve immediately, as they are best warm. You can serve with a plain tomato or spaghetti sauce as a dip, if desired.
Polluting the Food Chain
Rating: 4.5 out of 5 stars.
After all of the pictures were taken, they all wanted to shake our hands. “Where you from?” the Indian businessman asked our travel companion.
This morning my bus was 45 minutes late. When it was twenty minutes late, I called Suntran. After being on hold for about 15 minutes, they tell me the bus ran out of gas. How does that happen on the first run of the morning? Aren't they supposed to check that before they leave the station?
I have water problem and I know many of us have water problem. In documentaries I watched in television (GMA 7), I see how big the water problem is. For example, in a mountain barangay in Cebu, people had to walk several kilometers just to get few litters of water from a well or spring. In another province in southern Luzon, some people dug meters deep to get muddy water and they consider the water enough to survive.
~ You may enter up to 3 times per challenge
With big hugs to all,
Like the apartheid regime, the ANC controls the South African Broadcasting Corporation’s radio and television stations, keeping them in conformity with ruling party ideology, and using the license system to exclude alternative viewpoints.
Every holiday, and I mean just about every one on the calender, is a celebration for a certain dessert that might mean very little to some folks, but around my house, if it's not made, we are in trouble. I'm talking about Mary's Banana Pudding. Like I said, no matter the season, no matter the holiday, it's either on the dessert table or made to take to some other household. And like I said, if we don't we're in trouble. It's a cold, creamy custard type with ripe bananas and wafers suspended in the vanilla pudding base creating bliss with each mouthful. Sounds pretty good doesn't it but then there's the underlying tartness of sour cream that makes it shine above all other puddings if you ask me.
For the day the SPX/DOW were -0.50%, and the NDX/NAZ were -0.30%. Bonds gained 6 ticks, Crude dropped $1.55, Gold slid $10.00, and the USD was flat. Support for the SPX slips to the 1372 and 1363 pivots, with resistance at the 1386 and 1440 pivots. Short term momentum dipped below neutral today after getting quite overbought yesterday. Tomorrow weekly Jobless claims at 8:30. Then Existing home sales, the Philly FED and Leading indicators at 10:00.
It should be noted that a screening may say that there is little or no Becoming Emotionally Involved the candidate may have held up well during pressure of the interview, but shortly after the salesperson is hired, the client notices that the new salesperson is becoming emotionally involved. Now, why would that be?
A simple but effective solution
The shades had started to yellow and were looking a little shabby, not so chic, so when I saw this awesome button trim at Hobby Lobby, I knew what I wanted to do. Honestly, had some new white linen shades just fallen into my lap, I probably would have purchased them and started fresh, but I wasn't much in the mood for hunting for these little guys, so I got out my trusty craft paint in a soft white and some additive that you use to make craft paint fluid enough to paint on fabric. Delta makes it I think, and it is quite handy to have on hand. I painted the shades so they were once again white, left the green trim where it was because I still like it, and glued on the new trim to the underside of the shade. It adds a touch of whimsy so I'm happy.
5. The fish from Finding Nemo
So it seems I have yet again set myself up for some dismal failures. That's ok. I'm used to it. I guess. Maybe I should be of the mindset I am not going to diet and then I will have some success's at this diet game.
Melt the butter and olive oil on low heat
- Olive Oil/Extra Virgin Olive Oil
I feel like one of the themes of my life these days is submission.... God keeps calling my attention to it lately. You see, I'm learning submission one piece of my life at a time. Five years ago God taught me submission in my marriage, and it has brought me amazing freedom. Two years ago God taught my husband and me submission with our plans in life on a larger scale... and it has brought us amazing peace. But today I'm struggling with submission on a daily basis in my home. How do I lay down my daily life? How do I give up my control... of my kids, of my schedule, of my work, of my stress?
This was not just a recognition of “I’m scared that I could have been hurt.” This was “there were cars and trucks coming from the opposite direction. I could have been run over and smashed like the flattened little animals on suburban and rural roadways everywhere. Like the insects on a car’s windshield. Like my body could have been creamed- cremated without even using a hot furnace.”
Peace and Love~
A public scientologist and especially an OT is demanded to get his or her “stats up”. OTs are run on statistics. Their production is measured. Their value is measured by how many books they sell to “raw public”, how many people they disseminate Scientology to, how much PR they generate for Scientology and above all how much money they can fund-raise for a new building. The focus is on these immediate statistics.
I took Emma and Harley for a nice long walk with her in the stroller. I wasn't chasing after a toddler or carrying her on my back, I was walking along with my all-terrain jogging stroller that glides like air (thank you to the in-laws!!!) and my incredibly well-behaved Border Collie, enjoying the sunshine and some exercise.
Second, a clarion call to return to confessions and creeds by definition is a call to systems of belief and doctrine that have nothing to do with Douthat’s thoughts on the sexual revolution–seemingly Sessions’ greatest problem with him.
You're likely thinking, wow, that's a lot of time and effort spent on something that ends up on a shelf for no one to read but its author, perhaps from his rocking chair many years from now. Might one consider my novel a failure? A waste of hundreds of hours of time?
Still, Bradley's nomination is on life support and will die if Democrats stick together. Quite extraordinary. Though Grits editorialized against his nomination before the committee hearing, I can't say I expected him to go down.
xo Lindsay
I do have some complaints, though.
On the face of it, he was happy.
I'm going to go to bed, with all these feelings inside, and just try to let sleep take some of it away.
I’d like to install the trees in people’s gardens, and cultivate them into growing trees, planted with herbs, small flowers, mushrooms, and small vegetables. They’d also be a really useful education tool.
We don’t have to let the culture change us or our children. If we will sharpen our culture-making skills and take up the daily challenge of shaping the world, we might begin to see our culture start to reflect the reality of Christ’s rule.
so this week i decided to have a "copy cat" week of stuff i saw in stores and then made my self for much cheaper. i love shopping for new ideas when i am out and about so i hope this inspires you to do the same.
Flip Flop is a fun story to listen to and the writer must be given credit for pulling off such a difficult narrative concept. On the negative side, there is an awful lot of running around and getting frantic. There is also a lack of resolution. We all like stories where there is a definitive conclusion to the narrative and this is impossible for this kind of story.
Not to be missed, anything involving their custard particularly Nielsen's concretes the shakes that make all other shakes feel completely inferior. Available in pretty much every flavor. They also have sundaes and floats. So get to your nearest Nielsen's and party like it's 1952. And just like 1952, they don't accept any cards. Cash only, annoying but totally worth it.
Highly entertaining multi-era fic in which the team encounter all of the Doctors without ever realising it’s the same person.
So much for foreign protection of civilians in Israel.
We quietly (NOISILY) started the van and headed for London. lots of boxes of beer to deliver to Utobeer warehouse somewhere in the heart of Bermondsey. Then setting the SATNAV for Thatchers Arms Mount Bures somewhere in the Essex countryside we headed East. Hardknott Dave is now getting excited. He is wound up and raring to go for the night ahead. Driving right past the hotel straight to The Thatchers Arms. He need to get there to psych himself up for the night ahead.
Our suburban town, from which I can see the glittering towers of Manhattan 25 miles south like Oz, is filled with wildlife: raccoons, deer, crows, wild turkeys, groundhogs, skunks, rabbits.
I wish I would’ve kept a blog when I was pregnant with Anna because I’m sure I had my act together much better than I do now.
- you will be require to create 1 project every other week (we have 2 wonderful teams here at Dutch Dare that alternate weeks) for the Dutch Dare blog that follows the challenge requirements
Kelly's mom and sister both received Get Well cards for different reasons.
I got a room at a reasonable cost on the liveliest avenue the Slope has to offer: The fantastic 7th Ave. The walk to the train station was now a good 7 minutes away, but walking past all the restaurants, coffee shops, and other culinary joints made me happier than a 1 minute walk past Prospect Park in Flatbush ever had. Moving here was a relief compared to from where I had come. And I felt I had really earned it after the hard times I experienced before. No yelling neighbors who wanted to kill their children so they could have some peace. No abused animals barking in the lonely dark. And no bed bugs to worry about anymore.
Capital Autumnal Fire Middleton, Wisconsin, Doppelbock, 8.5%
Are you wondering whether or not I did any exercise?….I did 45 minutes of Zumba! Yay!! It was great fun with the maraca-esque toning sticks, I had forgotten how much I used to enjoy doing it. I kind of tricked myself into doing it by not thinking about it at all beforehand. I knew I would do it after the boys were in bed, so when they put their pyjamas on, I put on my exercise clothes. We had a story, kisses and then I went straight downstairs and switched it on. Too late for trying to wriggle out of it!! It was all just happening on autopilot. This mind of mine does have my best interests at heart, but I seem to manage perfectly well without it for things that my greater intuition knows are right.
This is one of my favorite parts:
'I refused to sign it and I told the teacher in no way did I agree the comment was racist. My son is inquisitive. He always likes to ask questions, but that doesn't make him a racist.'
Reading back it looks highly ambitious... but I've done it before and I am sure I can do it again... As soon as I finish decorating and wrapping ... the food shopping is my plan...
As a 2nd year member of the TOS Homeschool Crew, I have been given the wonderful opportunity to review many homeschool products over the next several months. The only compensation that I receive for my review is the free product. I feel truly blessed to be participating in this review group and I'm looking forward to trying out more products and giving you my honest opinion.
This is all about running. You hate these ones. But you hate them because you're jealous. Like non-smokers hate smokers, like the skinny hate the obese. It's the comfort that all those latters obtain, that fucks with all your former minds.
The curtains are hung in the baby's room now too, so I'll show you those once the curtain rod is trimmed and has received it's finials. Fingers crossed, the white panel wall will go up this weekend!
1/4 cup cold water
By Nick Onyima (jailbr3akpod)
“Can I keep my pizza shops?”
is berry most likely heading home!
“He takes pictures of landscaping. That’s his release activity. Shrubs!” I’m exasperated at this point. “You know I’m a terrible liar. I cannot commend him on such a ridiculous activity, on seeing beauty in monotony.”
The blog is an important part of my life and I certainly don't intend to neglect it entirely in the coming months as our family settles into a new routine. What I will do is to post as and when I can. Life is all about balancing the priorities; when I have something to say, you can be sure I'll come and tell you about it. Meanwhile, I continue to be very grateful for the love and good wishes that I get from my blogging friends and the readers of One Hot Stove. Thank you all!
Don't forget to enter my candy link to the left :c)
It goes beyond the highest star,
The ANC Caucus described the decision as "careless" and "shameless" and the DA's conduct as "unacceptable" - as it represented "a backward tendency that was prevalent during the apartheid era".
Portuguese Bean soup has nice chunks of Portuguese sausage, some type of bean and Macaroni in a tomato base broth. I chose this recipe first since it had Lentils and Butternut Squash and I was interested in seeing how this would make the soup heartier and creamier. (Maybe healthier?) Make sure you have 4-5 hours to make this soup!
If you were to have children, would you choose to unschool them?
On a side note, a goal that I have for this month is to hydrate A LOT more before, during and after my outdoor workouts. With our hot temps, it can be extremely dangerous and I've found myself running mid-day and feeling very dizzy, light-headed and I get goosebumps while drenched in sweat. I know that's my body telling me to slow down, cool off and rest but I push through...and while it's awesome to wanna push myself further, I know that its dangerous. Hydrate, hydrate, hydrate...keep that in mind during the summer months, especially if you live in an area like Texas! Running here in the summer is sort of like running through soup...and I'm not even sure what that means!!! LOL
♥ Share this candy pic on your blog & spread the word!
This post is going to be short and sweet, mostly because I’m too emotionally drained to be deep, but I’m too touched to not say anything.
The Mission Council commits to helping build trust and community by
I challenge you to lift your husband up to the Lord in prayer each day. If your husband is saved, you could even ask him in what areas he would like prayer. And there are times when you should just lay aside everything else, lay your hands on your husband and pray out loud for him.
NDAA proponents sometimes point to an amendment to sec. 1021, added by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, as proof that the NDAA doesn’t apply to Americans. The amendment, now subsection 1021(e), states:
A feasibility study is not the same thing as a business plan. The feasibility study would be completed prior to the business plan. The feasibility study helps determine whether an idea or business is a viable option. The business plan is developed after the business opportunity is created. StrategicBusinessTeam.com explained, “A feasibility study is carried out with the aim of finding out the workability and profitability of a business venture. Before anything is invested in a new business venture, a feasibility study is carried out to know if the business venture is worth the time, effort and resources. A feasibility study is filled with calculations, analysis and estimated projections while a business plan is made up of mostly tactics and strategies to be implemented in other to grow the business.”
And I dropped another 4 lbs this week.
* For anyone amassing loads of research for their novel, what’s the best bit of advice you could give for using the research to its full potential?
1. Be realistic about each other.Don't try to turn your partner into something he or she is not. Let's face it, guys-there's only one Pamela Anderson in the world, and even she has had her implants removed! Give your gal a break and understand that her physical appearance is NOT going to change overnight with the help of a few facials or treatments. And ladies, Brad Pitt has already been taken, so u're gonna have to do with what your guy is like! Chill out, love each other for what u are. There is more to your partner than what meets the eye.
It's not common that I post two times a day, but I feel inspired today. Not sure why, but it might have something to do with my beauty sleep last night - I felt totally rejuvenated when I woke up this morning☺
Il ripaille à huis clos, en publie il sermonne,
And yet she takes exceptions at your person.
However McLaren and Ferrari have gone a slightly different route.
Into this volatile, still smouldering arena marched, in summer of 1749, the newly married – and, it has to be said, completely and complacently naïve – Sergeant Arthur Davies of ‘Guise’s Regiment’, in charge of a patrol of eight private soldiers, heading over the mountains from Aberdeen to Dunrach in Braemar, for no more interesting purpose than to keep a general eye on the countryside.
And walked out with a brand new pair of Keens (the blue you see is the color of my socks, not the shoes).
King, the University of Mississippi professor, said the effect might be more indirect than direct.
Harvey's not to every ones taste, and he seems to evoke a 'Marmite' style divide - love him or hate him. Mrs P is interested in a number of comics, but has never warmed to his work (although she did really enjoy the film adaptation of American Splendor a few years back). She finds him just too grouchy and his stories just too mundane... which ironically are the two things I love the most about his stuff! But I guess I see more of myself in Harvey than Mrs P does! On the face of it, his work may not look like anything special... a story about the growing awkwardness of someone giving him a lift to work, a conversation he's overheard in a shop, how a vague acquaintance became a better 'friend in need' than any of his true 'friends' when help was needed.... it's everyday stuff. But scratch beneath the surface and see yourself staring right back. I don't find gold in every story, occasionally one will leave me a bit 'non-plussed' thinking "and??" at the end of it. But that's the nature of this particular beast, and no doubt someone somewhere read the same thing and it really spoke to them. I remember reading one of his comics where he was reminiscing about old relationships, how the break-ups had affected him, his thoughts on love and loneliness etc. It was really profound and I kept re-reading it over and over again.
Time to assemble. I’m putting my photo slightly off centre. Add your paper piece with the strips about 4 cm from the bottom and 2 cm from the left side of the layout. Centre the photo on top, half overlapping the paper (see photo below for placement) and glue the scalloped paper piece at the top edge of your photo.
32 But Elisha sat in his house, and the elders sat with him; and the king sent a man from before him: but ere the messenger came to him, he said to the elders, See ye how this son of a murderer hath sent to take away mine head? look, when the messenger cometh, shut the door, and hold him fast at the door: is not the sound of his master’s feet behind him?
How many of you know — for example — that most babies born (in North America anyway), have an Apgar test within minutes of birth? Did you know the test is named for a woman, Virginia Apgar, a pilot and Columbia University’s first female medical professor?
In his book Darwin’s Black Box, Michael Behe stresses that the structure of the living cell and all other biochemical systems were unknown “black boxes” for Darwin and his contemporaries. Darwin assumed that these black boxes possessed very simple structures and could have come about by chance. Now, however, modern biochemistry has opened up these black boxes and revealed the irreducibly complex structure of life. Behe states that Darwin’s comments on the emergence of the eye seemed convincing because of the primitive level of nineteenth-century science:
Poster;
“Grab your coat, love, we’re going to Cineworld,” Sartre said. “All that I know about my life, it seems, I have learned in books. Wanna see a film.”
Monday, May 14 5-10pm – Mini Beer Festival at The Bayou: The Bayou will be opening every Epic beer they have on hand including one case of the very rare Brainless Corruption brewed in collaboration with DC Brau. If you missed-out on purchasing a bottle, this may be your only opportunity to try it - in the near future. Tickets are limited to 60 people so don't wait to get your tickets. Tickets are available only at The Bayou and are available now. You must present valid ID at the door for admittance both to purchase tickets and to attend the mini-festival.
The universal boozing in MISFITS is exemplary in showing the thin line between an actor drinking during shooting, and then acting drunker than he is, and a sober actor playing drunk. The sober actor might get all the motions and slurs right, but the insulated bi-polar aspect--the ability to careen from jubilant to morose, from possessive to ambivalent, from greedy to benevolent from mopey to Zen, like a drunken slalom---can only come from the hearty heart of darkness, the fortified brand, that limits itself to only three drinks before breakfast, just to kill the shakes, but would kill you if you suggested he or she whittle it down to none. How dare you? And out in the desert heat that kind of buzz balancing can knock you flat on your dehydrated ass. But luckily we reap the benefits, for all eternity, thanks to this weird film. Finally on the big screen there are 'real' drunks the way drunken parents and their drunken friends at outdoor 70s block parties looked to their children, like me.
I ignore here warning and march off, holding Will tightly, but with a grain of worry at the back of my mind.
I held the bag of carrots out to him. His face fell.
Balmain
Another challenge for web designers and marketers is to understand that different visitors have different reasons for visiting a website. A first time user to the website will have a very different experience than a frequent visitor. A website can have many different targets and each target will have their own goal for using a website.
That’s what they say
I have recently been working to lose weight by making better food choices (not dieting because dieting is temporary and I want this to be a lifestyle change that will be forever) and getting more exercise. So far, I am down 30 pounds over the last two months and I am very excited about that! I still have about another 60 to go, but already I am feeling better and overall, healthier.
Jami: Oh, yes! Sometimes I still slip back into this anger. He gave. He took away. And then He took more away. I'm infertile. There was a time, though, that I was so angry with Him I didn't talk to Him for a long time. I went through the motions, so no one knew. I stopped singing to Him in my heart. I'd go to church and just stand there during praise and worship -- not singing -- with a cold heart. It was really hard to cut that out of my life. It was so second nature for me to start up a conversation with God... I'd find myself doing just that, remember how angry I was, and stop.
People ask me why I wanted to be a writer. It’s simple: power. (*rubs hands*) I just hope I’m never corrupted as Luke is in Mondays are Red...
For more information regarding herbs consult an herbalist or reference book such as,
To begin with, in regards to the previous three books, Echoes of the Past is a vastly different book. It is more introspective and deals with a lot of revelations, secrets and intricacies of this universe. For a reader invested in these books, this is the payoff however be warned that this is not the penultimate book of the series and so akin to LOST, these answers while satisfying will lead to more questions gleaned from those very answers. Thematically this book is about identity and the quest to find it. Frank has always wondered about his past and recent events occurring the past books have escalated that need. In this book he finally gets an avenue to explore those needs however the answers he finds might not be the ones he thought they would be. If you didn’t emphathize with Frank before, you’ll definitely do so after reading this one.
So the other night I watched a documentary about Internet Dating (yes, my life is this exciting). In between interviewing a selection of people who were slightly more on the side of 'deluded' than not, random statistics would display. One of these was....
Fidgeting.
So, as I sit here at my clean and neatly organized desk, in my clean and neatly organized apartment, I feel a sense of renewal. I have a new quarter and a new batch of students now. So far, they seem great. Will I feel that way at Week 10? I hope so. But I also know that I might feel otherwise. The point is that I have to simply do the best I can with what I've got, and recognize that what I need in my world is order and balance. I'm simply that way. When it gets out of hand, I have to stop, think, and revise. And it only takes a minute to do.
Pomerantz
The next morning, the guests woke up and gasped at what they saw. The woman had her old skirt on, still. But she’d cut the new one into tiny pieces, to patch up the holes in the old one.
So, try it if you want, but it will not change your life, or even your meal significantly. Maybe if they come out with a Cool Ranch one the story would be different.
When I met Anna... I pretty much knew we'd be getting along just fine. This uber fashionista is so freaking sweet, I don't know how to explain it to you. She knew she wanted to wow her guests and in the end... WE DID!
A week ago, the Greens announced they will move for a Senate inquiry into marriage equality, to investigate Senator Sarah Hanson-Young’s 2010 Bill. Gay News Network reports that marriage equality advocates have welcomed the move as a means to help build up support on the issue before a private member’s bill on marriage equality is voted on by MPs later in the year.
So I decided to bake Ricotta Carrot Whoopie pies ! I love love Carrot cake. I loved those whoopies, plus they were really big ! The funny thing was that usually the Boyfriend doesn’t like carrot cake that much, but while I was taking the pictures , he was like « Can I have it now ? Are you done yet ? Why is it taking you so long ? No one would notice if I eat one ! »… He loved them. I wasn’t expecting that. He had lots to eat when I was gone.
The lacrosse team, had a reputation for lively behaviour and under aged drinking, but as I shall show later in this article, they were not the out of control louts which the local police, many of their university professors and national media sought to portray them. However, on that night two of the captains unwisely decided to include some entertainment at the party, by hiring some exotic dancers. One of them then telephoned an agency and booked two white strippers.
reproach me, because I did no wrong.
— Luke 2:25-32, MSG
My chapter 'Paradoxes, Google and China' is about the blessings of intellectual property and the evil of censorship, two subjects about which both Google and China had some issues. I forgot to place a disclaimer at the end of my chapter, which should have said: I used Google when researching the chapter and enjoyed the hospitality in Shenzhen at the same time.
Tom Robinson Listen to the music US
New York Minute over Zoya Freja:
Umm I am not into politics that much.But what concerns me most is our basic human rights.So today,after I picked my younger son from school we went to the local supermarket to do the shopping of the day.On our way out,I stopped to rearrange the carrier i had and unconsciously my gaze turned to the vegetable bench outside the shop.
Cool and umould onto a wire rack.
I’ve given up on cleaning until the basement is drywalled. There’s no point in trying until then. :)
Greenacre
So the car has to go back to the rental place on Friday. We can't afford another month. My husband works an hour away and now the IRS is saying May 9th. We don't believe them. So...
2) Muzzle my child.
The 20-month old especially loved helping her "Mimi" saute zucchini ... and, frankly, building sweet memories beats insurance problems ANY day!
But in these days politicians, thinking that they’re doing us all a favor, want to meddle with immigration laws that effectively kick out the migrant workers who perform that hard work.
Together they have hijacked and exercise full control over all the resources including land, labour, capital and revenues from all economic activities such as oil, gas, cocoa, coffee, tobacco, gold, diamond, coltan, tourism and timber exports. Omar Bongo of Gabon and his circle of friends control all the oil money in Gabon. Obiang Nguema and his cronies exercise full control over the hundreds of millions of dollars of oil money that flow into the country annually. Denis Sassou Nguessou of Congo does the same with his friends and so are Eduardo dos Santos of Angola and Joseph Kabila of DRC.
- Not letting myself get hungry throughout the day helped with not throwing up after every meal. I got sick more if I ate on a empty stomach. The best thing for me to eat was dried fruit. I tried fresh fruit and as much as I love it, it didn't make me feel like I ate anything but for some reason dried fruit did.
What I find disturbing living under a temperate weather where my clothes are mainly stored according to seasons is that when the weather reaches this transition time when the new season hasn't properly settled in yet, I seem to "forget" that I do have clothes for the coming season.
What can we do? We can't form a "skunkworks country" that can get around our laws and create a more mobile, productive society. We only have one option: we have to create a national process, like industries do, to become more "lean, mean and low to the ground". Get rid of superfluous laws. We simply must reduce the size of the CFR and reduce the destruction caused by the regulation and litigation in our society. To me, Tort Reform is absolutely essential. A big part of the industrial lean activities is to study what policies need to be gotten rid of because "we've always done it that way". The same should be done with the CFR.
I don’t know about you.
On my paternal grandparents' side, the playing was a bit more formal and refined. My grandfather was one of six boys, all of whom played one instrument or another and who were popular for barn dances--especially at harvest time. The three girls in the family sang and with voices that would make angels swoon.
It seems unfortunate that they were never a big band outside of the
