(Sounds fun, tho', doesn't it?)
For some reason , St Joseph is a favorite Saint of the Polish and Italian people and all who are of Polish and Italian descent. I actually read somewhere that it was the European immigrants response to the Irish celebrating St. Patrick's Day in this country.
“Hi, it is so great to meet all of your readers!! My name is Rachel Pope & I live in Iowa. I am married to a wonderful man & have five AMAZING children ranging in age from 12 to 22 years old. I homeschool my kids & love teaching them & watching as they learn new things. I also love seeing them explore themselves, finding & developing their talents. My husband Theodore has been an entrepreneur his whole life & has created many successful companies so he is a great example to me. I have many hobbies that I enjoy which include singing, creating beautiful cards, scrapbooking, sewing, home décor, canning, & reading.”
Granted, the news occasionally throws in a lighter story that might even inspire or make me giggle, but it's often sandwiched within the 30 minutes of making even the sports' news dramatic: with gossip, speculation, highlights of brawls and so on. And we all know how the weather report can bring us "news" of heavy storms, droughts, devastation and a long list of other possible scenarios. Yet I personally find getting out in nature as one of the most peaceful, conscious-raising and spiritual experiences.
Oh Christ.
It’s a fact of life, if you play your hardest, your ass is going to hit the blacktop. If the fall is bad enough to break something, you’re allowed to cry for a minute or two. Otherwise, rub some dirt on it and get back in the game.
With summer inching closer, women’s clothing brand Crocodile Ladies have begun to promote their line for the coming warm season through these latest ads, featuring a relaxed Ha Ji Won.
Best moment of the week: Not really baby related, but singing Happy Birthday to Anna Kate!
Now you see why I said at the very beginning of this presentation that it’s not for the faint of heart. Imagine our government, the economy, housing prices and the stock market all collapsing at the same time?
Teaching in a school, in the same school year after year, is a circular endeavor. Unlike parenting, which is linear, the children I teach are always cycling through the same ages and stages during the three years they're with me. Of course, every year is different, the children are different, I am different, but the circle is still there. A couple dozen two-year-olds totter through our door each September in their diapers and with their scattering. They learn our circle time songs so well they teach their parents. They turn to the side and say, "Hey" to the kids they find there, make their first orca whale and pendulum paintings, and begin to spin the hamster wheel.
Log Home Prices
To fully understand the ramifications of the quote above you must know that Daisy uses a toy baseball bat as a prop in her video. In ways that Shusterman allows you to imagine all the more graphically due to her fade-to-black scene.
-Do what you love- thoughts on that
I have been following a new craze for a little while and I wanted to start doing it myself and this is my first attempt at Smash. I brought an art journal rather than the smash book as I will get more economy from it.
Rogue Brewery / Brewer's on the Bay Hazelnut Brown Nectar
Mary, who lives near Mack Road and Stockton Boulevard, began painting about 10 years ago. At that time, she retired from a career in school administration that included serving as principal at Bret Harte Elementary School in Curtis Park, Camellia Elementary School in Elder Creek and Pony Express Elementary School in South Land Park Hills.
Today I dealt with a poop issue, attitude adjustment, and anxiety over school resuming.
Feel like welcoming this glorious weekend in and ending the workday with a hour of live GRATEFUL DEAD?!!? Tune in to Alaska's KNBA 90.3 "DEAD OR ALIVE" with my husband, Miles, and his friend, Dave Powers! They'll be doing the show every 4th Friday of the month....hopefully going to once a week. If ya like the show, let them know at KNBA!!!!
According to CNN the Hoh tribe's land, which is only one square mile, is diminishing because of increased flooding of the Hoh river.
Some of the Romneys live particularly well.
Whilst on the subject of Mascara, I also feel I need to make a bit of an apology after previously moaning about the Chanel Sublime mascara I got for Christmas. It seems that after at least four weeks of disguising itself as black coloured water, it has transformed into the product it promises to be and now seems to have thickened up and does now give me the required length and coverage I would expect from the product.
Here is my version of a family meat pie. It's a really yummy meal and it's easy on the budget. I made this family pie for under $5. I use a regular pie plate.
If you'd like to join in on the adventure too, you can find our Twitter page by clicking on the icon below...
The memories are apt to come back quickly, as the entry to the exhibit will be carpeted with AstroTurf. “When we were doing interviews, everyone commented on the field — that it was extra green and bright. They said it was the first thing they noticed,” explained sophomore Abena St. clair.
► February (1)
PS: Morris, Dora's brother, gave her birth date on the cert as July 11, 1905. Impossible: The New York Census shows her as 11 years old in 1905; the US Census shows her as 6 in 1900, 15 in 1910, and 24 in 1920. Her real birth year was obviously between 1893-1896, so she was in her 50s when she died.
Apparently, my chair problem is bigger than I thought,
I’m seeing a doctor soon to get prescribed something for whatever I have… I have also decided I will be asking both my doctor and therapist if they think it’s possible I’m bipolar. I’ve talked to a few people who know well what it is… and they seem to think it’s a high possibility. I do know bipolar medication is dangerous (much like anti-depressants).
1 shells
Dinner was fresh, fresh, fresh. Colorful fruits and veggies, steaks and skewers and corn off the cobb. (Plug for my husband – he is a master of the grilling craft. Amazing. mouth-watering.) We ate picnic style in the backyard… and then more games, outdoor and indoor.
Line a baking sheet with waxed paper; set aside.
Next, devilish good news, my very dear friend Ellen Oh has just signed with the stellar agent Joe Monti. I'm SO happy for her. I know a lot of you guys know and love Ello as much as I do, so this is a big victory for the team!
There is a enormous collection of on-line Christmas Encourages from which to choose to assist your vacation preparing. The Christmas Trip Request, no matter the evening you need to enjoy, enables you to have fun with your friends and relatives.
1) Born in Vienna, Austria
It's the Christmas holidays. FirstBorn, SecondBorn and I had been to see a film - Johnny English Reborn - at our local mall, and to have a sly pizza afterwards. And in typical Kenyan fashion, we'd taken a doggy bag of our left over pizza and cooling chips for sometime later.
I suddenly began to imagine that this guy that I met last year could be interested in me. This is a huge deal because I would have never considered myself apart of the type of women he would be into but here I am. I am not saying he is the one, or he is even what I would want …. he does not have the age or height that I like BUT he is nice, has similar views on spirituality, has a great job and a passport, all things that I find attractive. We will see what happens but I am just glad that I have the BELIEF that maybe this type of guy could want me too.
I have even gone out and done some serious ‘Tom Hanks in Castaway’ style method preparation for the night so that I can do our mate proud in his absence. Hope to see as many Ale Stars, new and old, as we can fit in as it may be a while before Shandy hands over the reins of this beast to anyone else again. I’m really looking forward to it. But I have to be honest with you all ...
I swear I might hijack a plane!
“It’s not something I’m proud of, you know,” admitted Witherspoon, who added that IT was doing nothing in the restroom that would make anyone uncomfortable.
While I still try to crack that deal to make this my full time job, I do this blog and my twitter feed as an aside to my day job. In the next few weeks I plan to attend the launches and pre-season tests. If you appreciate my work, can I kindly ask you to consider a ‘donation’ to support my travel costs.
This creates a major difficulty because you can’t understand America or any of its aspects without bringing a frank discussion of race into the picture. For example, in the case of education, how do you deal with the problem of a failing public school system without looking at the real problem, the inherently lower IQs of a significant part of the population? To understand an entity like America without addressing the issue of race is simply unthinkable, but to bring race into it also unleashes the kind of emotions that makes a sensible debate practically impossible. Catch 22!
I'm so happy and grateful to have you guys following me.Oh believe me, it's nice when your not talking to your self, well I still do that,.... but not in public lol.
And twilight saints, and dim emblazonings,
Here's Brad rerouting the wires for the light from the old porch light box:
A GATE AT THE STAIRS by Lorrie Moore (Faber)
We use the name White Dragon. There is another group that calls themselves the White Hats.
Lately I have been struggling..
“But whoever keeps his word, in him truly the love of God is perfected. By this we may know that we are in him: whoever says he abides in him ought to walk in the same way in which he walked. ” (1 John 2:5-6 ESV)
This was fun to make too, just melt some of the first layer (lime sherbet) pour it into a parchment lined loaf pan, freeze. Repeat with each color.
PROPAGANDA
Keep freaking out. Keep freaking out. Keep freaking out. Keep freaking out. Keep freaking out. Keep freaking out. Keep freaking out. Keep freaking out. Keep freaking out. Keep freaking out.
There also are opportunities to adopt a rescued cat on the site’s Adoption List on Petfinder.com. When kittens are available, they may be adopted between the age of 6 and 8 weeks. If the adoption fee is paid, the animal will be spayed or neutered for free.
You can use fabric for so much stuff! There's nothing to throw away, everyone will help clean up 'cause they don't want to lose their gift wrapping er...um...really Christmas gift. You can pack all your loot in a yard or two and make like a hobo and carry it off to be put away. Then, you can toss it in the washer and dryer and it's ready for the next gift event.
There are lots of shops in Bowness selling everything from clothing, footwear, books, gifts, jewellery, artworks, etc. All these shops will also stay open over the May long weekend, and I have noticed that there are a number of some rather good discounts on offer. The main road, Crag Brow, is the best place to start one’s hunt for that special gift to take home.
You see the Fairy has just moved into a new toadstool and on a recent visit I discovered a little room in the loft, so while no-one was looking I snuck up there and moved myself in. I thought I would take a chance and pop into the computer room and hijack the blog while she is busy downstairs sweeping up the fairy dust (that stuff gets everywhere!) and washing her wings.
So I had achieved this goal, but I was still the same person. Still as uncool as ever. That’s been a strange realization after almost every milestone in my life—that I still inhabit the same brain and body and self, even if something really important seems to have changed.
At least, I didn't like the ones I've tried so far. Actually, that's not exactly true — I remember having a dunkleweissen (dark wheat) that liked. Mainly because I think it was malted to the point that I couldn't really taste the wheat flavor — it just tasted like a dark ale to me. But these summertime wheats that you're supposed to squeeze lemon into — they just don't do it for me.
I have never failed a job interview. I always get a call back, always make it to the second interview, always get the offer. Until very recently, I have never actually turned down the offer.
This week I have to keep things a little more low key and low impact, I need to workout but not over do it, should be a fun week!
Once I got the beads home and looked at them again I realised they were actually a tad on the large side .......
The weather is chilly (but not winter-y) and I’ve immersed myself in Russian literature lately. I’m feeling colder by the page. I began with Robert K. Massie’s spellbinding tale of Nicholas and Alexandra. I have to confess that my knowledge of Russian history was thin. I’m catching up though. I listened all morning to Catherine the Great on my iPod.
A hand around her wrist sent a jolt through her and she tried to pull free. One man twisted her right arm behind her back and the other grabbed her left wrist. They pulled her backwards into the shadows.
The really sad part is that no one even bothered to look up when the alarm went off. I guess it's more important to keep pressing that spin button than it is to make sure you're not in danger.
Eliminating reasons is great for individuals who want to perform but it seems the death-knell for slackers. And it’s effort, the actual gritty kind of supervision-in-the-trenches function that does not have a whiff associated with beauty about this. But if you do it and take off your individuals excuses, you are on your way to creating a top-performing team.
Take your digital scrapbooking designs to the circus with this collection of 16 gradients in both Photoshop and Paint Shop Pro formats. Matching color schemes are included to help you with your circus projects.
You actually met my mom at a conference recently and she came up to you and shook your hand on behalf of all the people in the grace cult you told her that you liked her spirit…it must have been an off day for you.
I sigh with satistfaction
539 of
Who abstain from sex,
So no, the belt itself means little, but the person makes it worth something. Fact is this: if CM Punk loses that belt next Sunday, he will STILL call himself the best wrestler in the world. If Jericho loses, he will STILL call himself the best in the world at what he does (he’s no Wolverine…*) but when Daniel Bryan lost his belt, he said he would do whatever he had to do to become, once again, the WORLD HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP! YES! YES! YES! YES!
It doesn’t change the past
To do this we need a connection to the Holy Spirit, we can’t do it without the person the Holy Spirit is to guide us and shape us, the helper to bring Gods intention. His breath creates the vibrations in our lives that make sound. Living our lives as worship is a part of making that connection. Like putting our lives to the hands and mouth of God.
I'll shut up now, and leave the rest to eye candy...
The SC also kept picking out clothing for me that were size 11/12. I'm a 16, and I told her this before we started looking for clothes. Then she would wonder why they wouldn't fit. Finding garments that fit other people who give you their size is apparently rocket science. I was not aware of that until today though.
The first step is to remove the back, which is as easy as unscrewing the bottom mount. Turn towards O to open. I assume C stands for close.
Many people both in Britain and around the world are beginning to wake up to this reality and have begun to fightback in various ways, be it the recent student demonstrations and university occupations in Britain, the mass demonstrations and revolutions in North Africa and the Middle East or the mass movements developing in Wisconsin in the United States just to give a few examples. There are of course already some fantastic websites already covering these events which we fully support such as the Committee for a Workers' International (CWI - International organisation of which the Socialist Party is affiliated) website and of course both the Socialist Party and the Socialist Party Wales websites.
You anti-Whites ONLY demand this be done to EVERY White country and ONLY White countries. You are demanding and justifying the GENOCIDE of my people.
If you share my love of buttons, crafting, and thrift store treasure-hunting, come on by one of my blogs! Any friend of Sherri’s is a friend of mine!
While her older brother, Jack, can be challenging – anyone who has had to turn down his request for a “snaaaaack” or “sicle!” can testify – his schedule and sleeping patterns are so predictable.
We sat squeezed together in one of Green Park's dressing rooms. Paul Dyke pulled a shin pad up over his ankle strapping and toward his bandaged knee. Ben Rowe watched him from the other side of the room and said: “What? You're playing today?” Paul gave him a long look, then nodded. “I'm naming myself as second substitute.” We were missing players to injuries and work commitments: Paul Andrews, Kristian Hewitt, Marc Judd, and Dave Williams were unfit to play, Ryan Hurst was painting someones lounge for cash in hand, and Ryan Jones was plumbing somewhere. It's unusual if Paul Dyke doesn't get to the gym three times a week to work on his guns, but he hadn't played competitively for Burridge since focusing on being the first team manager a couple of years ago.
6. Luther believed these things were made by the hands of pious men for holy reasons. Historic Lutheran churches are filled with inspirational artwork, but we do not pray to them!
Nap time at 3:33.
Also, a case under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code was registered against DSP Manpreet Singh who had led the police party which resorted to firing. The government orders came as the victim’s relatives refused to cremate the body until action was taken against the “guilty” officials.
First strolls around an actual Jewish neighborhood.
Whatever your vision of God is at the moment, be prepared to give it up. Our expectations of who God is and how He works are shaped by church services and Bible studies, reading books, as well as personal experiences. But always leave room to be amazed. God is so much greater than we think. He’s bigger, grander, more loving, more miraculous than we could ever imagine, and the ways that He works are beyond comprehension. He is the infinite God. By definition, we, as finite beings, cannot fully grasp the infinite.
With the newest release of the forum software however, in theory, there is both a seamless non-destructive upgrade path from the old version to a current version; and a compatible migration path to the newest revisions of PHP and MySQL on the new server farm.
Mon-AM: 1:24, 2500'
I have claimed my own passions - and one of them is living symbiotically and joyfully with the three others I share my home and my life with.
KOTBR Score: 3.48 Mugs
And so taxpayers are once more compelled to fund a pressure group whose views may be at odds with their own. Ministers of Health have repeatedly denied that these grants are used to lobby, but ASH does not seem to do anything except lobby. A legalistic defence could perhaps be made by referring to 'advocacy' (which is permitted under law), but no one seems to be able to provide a convincing explanation of how advocacy for new laws differs from lobbying.
In March of each year, the tiny country town of Mundulla holds a hotly contested Giant Pumpkin Competition. George, the local publican in Mundulla and an avid vegetable gardener, looks like a front runner for next year. He imported special giant pumpkin seeds from the US, and is known to play ACDC to his plant, believing that the heavy vibrations encourage growth. George's pumpkin plant has the other locals a little nervous. In fact, there are rumours circling of a plot to kidnap George's giant pumpkin on the night before the competition.
One block north, the Pana Store (which is primarily a shipping outlet for Franklin's Panamanian community, as documented in the third photo, above) now has its classic "Franklin Av" street sign t-shirt available in NYC street-sign green as well as the original Pana-pride red and white. I've been wearing the latter for about a year, and it never fails to elicit a response. I've met several neighbors on account of wearing it, and one guy even showed me his driver's license because his name was, in fact, Franklin, and he had just been walking on the Avenue. Most people are positive (far and away the most common comment is "I like that shirt" or some variant thereof"), though it occasionally brings unpleasant undertones to the surface. More than a few people have sniffed or snorted "Whatchyou know about Franklin Ave?" (with one guy adding "motherfucker" for good measure), and a few weekends back, an older man saw me in it and damn near exploded. "Franklin Ave? FRANKLIN AVE?!" he said, his eyes widening. "This ain't Howard Beach! This ain't Bensonhurst!" I couldn't think of much to say, so I just stammered "uh, right, it's Crown Heights," which led him to storm off muttering "Crown Heights, Crown Heights." All of which is to say, in a roundabout sort of way, that if you buy it, it can sometimes become more than a t-shirt, which is often but not always a good thing.
The English Defence League (EDL) had been due to protest against Halal meat being served in schools outside Harrow Civic Centre, in Station Road, on January 15.
I live in the now. Living in the past only highlights my imperfections, and worrying about the future is a waste of energy and a prime stressor in most lives.
Housing has its own problems. Westminster Council has announced that it will seek to evict social housing tenants who have been involved in the riots. It’s not clear whether they will be able to – as the law in this area is too narrowly drawn, requiring the anti-social behaviour to be linked to the immediate area of the house – but it is difficult to defend a law which obliges a social landlord to treat a rioter who paralyses a borough better than someone who’s nuisance is confined to a single street.
Three minutes later, I got another text from her. "Dad is broken and doesn't know what's going on. He's confused."
Always and forever.
To raise a Chouder, high as Tower of Babel;
For his part, in the signing statement, President Obama assures us that his “Administration will not authorize the indefinite military detention without trial of American citizens”, and that the government “will interpret section 1021 in a manner that ensures that any detention it authorizes complies with the Constitution, the laws of war, and all other applicable law”.
'Shes a right Ugmo'
“Oh god, please don’t let him do anything stupid.”
5. Palmers Coco Butter Sick- best thing ever for my lips. I keep one in every room of the house, in the car, and at the office- they are everywhere.
Lastly, add fried bittergourd mix well, cover and cook for 4-5 mins in low flame.
I hope to get the best cards
We will be getting a linky-thing-a-majiggy going for Sepia Saturday as soon as Alan Burnett gets back from his Panama cruising. (Any day now, I hear.)
Trouble!
Found out I'm getting 2 more nieces/nephews this year
Release me please, show yourself and let me be.
Thank you so much, Rich Weatherly, for asking us to guest post on your blog! My name is Bobbi Sheahan, and I appreciate the opportunity to talk to your readers about autism.
God feels for those who fear him.
Son of Linda and Paul
3. Occasionally your car would die on the freeway for no reason. You would have to pull to the side of the road, close all of the windows, shut off the car, restart it, and reopen the windows before you could continue. For some reason you would simply accept this.
While in the city the mission visited Elswick ordinance works, Gosforth mines, Middlesbourough iron works, Cleveland ore mines and the Newcastle chamber of commerce as well as taking in a river tour of the Tyne travelling down at least as far as Hebburn and Jarrow.
Me: "Gah...Wait...Whoo Hoo! He stopped it! We win!"
First, maybe we cannnot guess the content from this cover of book. It is about …Love!
AND ROB THE BANK OR EVEN THE STORE
Well it’s not!
Mr Hocquet also confirmed a Charcot connection at the property, but could not give me any dates, and there was no traces of the Charcot name anywhere to be seen inside the house. It was fascinating to see inside a private building when many of my observations are necessarily limited to the exterior only, but sometimes the guts tell us little more than the skeleton has already revealed, and that was the case here. It was time to find another way to solve the mystery.
Peggy is mom to Rashida and she is a Jew therefore Rashida is officially a Jew. Who she’s dating was not in the show but we know that man is also Jewish SETH MYERS. So that makes sense she is sticking to her own kind. Of course their kids would be white/Jewish if they were to have any or get married.
"A caged bird in spring knows perfectly well that there is some way in which he should be able to serve. He is well aware that there is something to be done, but he is unable to do it. What is it? He cannot quite remember, but then he gets a vague inkling and he says to himself, “The others are building their nests and hatching their young and bringing them up,” and then he bangs his head against the bars of the cage. But the cage does not give way and the bird is maddened by pain. “What a idler,” says another bird passing by - what an idler. Yet the prisoner lives and does not die. There are no outward signs of what is going on inside him; he is doing well, he is quite cheerful in the sunshine.
Jen:Boxer or Briefs? And yes, we asked Bastian too. It's kind of required question to answer. :)
In fairness to Ruberto’s Mancini and his star-ridden squad they have grafted passed my expectation of them as a team. I didn’t believed they could scrap their way back into the title race after a disappointing run at the end of the season. Maybe I was blinded by my own bias or listened too much to the over emphasis of the media surrounding the disharmony of the Ballotelli and Tevez debacle. Either way I didn’t think they would have enough experience and drive to get this far. Despite his fair share of controversy Carlos Tevez has played a blinder after his return to the team after a six month sabbatical. Scoring a hat-rick against Norwich as he reignited his scoring partnership with his Argentinean countryman Sergio Augero as both seemed to be singing of the same hymn sheet.
Soooo, we had our first big budget-stressing WR fight tonight. About Kilts. One of us thinks it’s too expensive to get a custom kilt made and legally registered to the Scottish’s last name. The other person thinks it’s worth the money for a lifetime of family memories.
-Reception band- We had a steel drum band for cocktail hour outside but it was chilly and no one stayed out there! The reception band was Liquid Pleasure- hands down, my FAVORITE party band and let me tell you they will make your wedding an absolute blast if you book them. We see them frequently too and they have become somewhat friends!
of course I'd known I would find her name there.......
Families will need to provide their own transportation.
Remember at the beginning of this post where I said I realized that the question asked required me to actually write two posts... well this is that other post.
My imagination can actually see the beauty I could create. The broken dishes to be made into a Gaudi style backyard bench, the clothing resewn into gorgeous new frocks, and all those poor single shoes? I once saw a famous garden where old purses were bronzed and placed about. I liked the way it looked. Could definitely do the same with the shoes. Especially my old cowboy boots.
Here you can see the results:
listening
Proton advanced 1 percent to close at 4.27 ringgit in Kuala Lumpur today, extending its lead as the best performer on the FTSE Bursa Malaysia 100 Index in the past month to 58 percent. DRB-Hicom was unchanged at 2.12 ringgit.
For one fleeting moment immense joy must have leaped within Christ’s soul as the Father’s hand touched him. This was a message from home. Heaven was behind him. He was forsaken, but not disowned. His Father was there, somewhere in the darkness. His loud cries and tears had not been unnoticed.
Pentaport Rock Festival performance
So, here I sit. Wondering what is next in this process. My husband and I have lost 5 family members this year alone. Am I emotionally jaded because of that? Am I holding out on properly grieving until a later date? I have no clue. All I know is that I'm trying to live in the joy of my family and there are these feelings still tugging at my heart. But they aren't coming out.
I dare you not to drool!
TRUE STORY: Four Thanksgivings ago, I strained my turkey stock right into the sink. I shrieked, the moment I dumped it in. I was thinking "pasta". I wanted to cry. Lesson learned: always have that pot ready underneath the strainer.
Meanwhile, back at the Postcrossing ranch, the sound of the postman’s footsteps on the stairs still makes my heart leap. The wonderful postcards are now lining the walls and doors of my hall – fairies and fantasy on the bathroom door, art on the bedroom and movies and stars on the living room. Ah, isn’t life fun?
The exchange was brief. I didn’t know what to say, so it didn’t seem like it’d be a good idea for me to say much at all. I don’t think it’s a mystery that I still have feelings towards her, but I also don’t think talking to her is the best way to deal with those feelings.
Happiness, reacting and emotional triggers
Here are some of our favorites. It's worth saving up for!
Not really. I've only made it about 4 times in the last 4 months. Once a month...that's not bad right??
Thank you again for all sticking around during this chaotic season of life and for each and every prayer said on our behalf. We trust and know that God has a plan, His will be done - not our own!
A couple of books i borrowed from the library today. I am really in love with motivational books!
First, you will need to make sure you have the right materials. I use Hug Snug Rayon Seam Binding, but any rayon binding will do. This is not twill tape, polyester hem tape, or single/double fold bias tape. I highly recommend getting your hands on some rayon binding - it makes a real difference.
David Harley CITP FBCS CISSP
One of the things I love about the military community is how close knit it is. Even if you’ve never met, you’re still a brother/sister to one who is also wearing the uniform. It’s the same with Milspouses. I’ve been blessed to become friends with some incredible women, most of whom I’ve never met. Even though I’ve never met most of them in real life, I know details about them that goes beyond a casual acquaintance. I read their blogs, tweet with them on Twitter and are friends with some of them on Facebook. I talk about them to The Man as if I know them. I do know them. We share laughter and tears. We celebrate and mourn together. When one of them hurts, we all hurt.
With all the phrases I
Goading an action,
A couple of other notes first:
We must find satisfaction, if not glory.
Thus, happy that I didn't have to forage around for sticks and berries, I faced the morning with renewed energy; good thing, too, because we had NONSTOP FUN FUN FUN for the entire day. Hiking, sports, archery, kayaking, and swimming were on the schedule...among much else.
Tupper wasn’t sure what he meant, but he nodded anyhow, then conveyed, “Freydolf said you’re early this year.”
The natural preference most people have for some races—usually their own—over others means that multiracial societies are plagued with stresses that you don't see in monoracial societies. The tendency in modern times is to separation. Look at residential and educational patterns in the U.S.A. I discuss these issues at length in my book We Are Doomed.
Knowing that I’ll have to face
I was doing a bit of Psychology revision and the topic I’m on now is abnormality and Freud’s ego defence mechanism.
Originally posted December 16, 2010.
Loving the new twist over at the Viva la Verve Sketch Forum on SCS. The fourth sketch of the month will be a CAS (clean and simple) one. So many fun ways to interpret a CAS sketch and a great challenge to go simple.
With the arrival of spring comes a deep desire to freshen up the house inside and out. It might still be too early to get dirty in the garden, but the moment the snow melted hubby and I got busy power washing the deck, washing windows, putting away winter clothes, sports equipments and even started on some dreaded touch up painting around the house.
It can be very difficult to see our own metaphor cliches. Typically, this isn't something you worry about too much in your first draft, but when you go back to your revision, be sure to take the time to note the metaphors and similes you've used and make sure they are doing their job, instead of lounging in the back of the room flirting with your muse and resting on their laurels of overuse. They continue to work well in dialogue, however, because we talk in cliches all the time.
Sometimes we can't get over the hurts,
Other work on the front of the house included changing the house numbers, adding a mailbox, replacing the porch light with a pot light and installing a new storm door.
Dunst won the Best Actress a wad at Cannes Film Festival this year. She didn’t deserve it. I don’t have an issue with her but acting i snot something that is needed in this film because there is no plot. There is no point to it. The first part of the movie follows her when she gets married. Nothing happens there. She takes a bath, she’s late all the time, she has an affair with another man, her mother is a psycho. That’s about it. In the second part, she’s moved in with her sister in a big estate, her sister has a breakdown, and the world looks as if it will come to an end. Nothing happens there either. There’s a pattern!
As for the issue of sex, Song of Solomon in the Bible is one of the most overlooked books in studies, and it’s a very sensual book. I think people are uncomfortable approaching it sometimes because of that. Yet, they’ll pull out their romance novels or the like. I think it’s just that in terms of God, we think sex is still a dirty topic that we mustn’t talk about in front of God. Ha ha…I laugh at that.
techy headphones. I noticed a girl wearing these headphones on the bus the other morning and she looked so chilled and in her own world as she looked out of the window that she reminded me of Scarlett Johansson in Lost in Translation. I quickly asked her the brand name and she told me 'Koss Portapro'.
And that night! I walked in the door, ripped off my shoes and just Wanted.A.Beer and he started telling me about the utility repair guy and Junior’s new word and the weekend forecast, and when I told him I needed a minute, he got all hurt and said he was sorry: He hadn’t had any adult conversation all day and just wanted to talk.
ok second part of my tittle ^^
One of the greatest examples of the shadow is that of Hektor and Achilles in Homer’s Iliad. In the final duel, Achilles confronts Hektor outside the walls of Troy. Hektor is dressed in Achilles’ old armour which he had stripped from Achilles’ companion Patroklos. So, the image the poet creates is one of Achilles being confronted with an image of himself, and an image of his past and all the history that comes with it, including his decision not to fight and his fateful choice to allow Patroklos to fight on his behalf.
If you can dream – and not make dreams your master;
Facebook was all a twitter with comments slinging back and forth about my mothering abilities.
Circus Circus might be hell on Earth. A casino is the last place I ever want to ran over by a stroller.
Sunday night after getting my daughter to bed, my wife and I were sitting on the couch.
My husband's daily driving in Istanbul and throughout our travels in Turkey prepared him well for the crazy, but beautiful drive from Napoli to Ravello. The only annoying part was practically being driven off the road by monstrous tour buses! I despise large tour buses.
7. Parachutes - "Your Stories"
Thanks to all who joined and listed me as the person who referred them....
Even though my cousins and I are all grown up, we still love Easter egg hunting. When I spent Easter with my cousins in America last year, they felt that being past the age of five meant that they were too old to look for Easter eggs. My cousins here in the Philippines are different. We’d hunt every inch of our Batangas property just so we could get as many Easter eggs as possible.
So I have a triple Bridal shower to go to this weekend. Three of my cousins are getting married, so this means three gifts for one weekend. So I decided to make them! Just something personal for each one. Here is the first project:
We have a little courtyard so he isn't actually visible from the street and so far, from my window observings, he just sits on the front step for a while and eventually knocks on the door for reentrance and has almost always found his helpful side.
I mustered a smile and offered her some cookies. She carefully selected one with sprinkled sugar and began to nibble it.
Someone else says, “See? the point is not to obsess about either poverty or wealth, but to follow Jesus and be content.”
at his grave.
That seemed like the perfect "how we met story," even if it was short and sweet.
R18- (sc dec) around (6)
“May this tree be blessed by the flowing waters of the sacred pool and the powers of the west. We thank this tree for the wisdom she will provide. ”
I didn't mean to drop out of blogland for so long again. I've been so busy working frantically on several projects around the house. We are planning on hosting a BBQ on Saturday and with up to 20 people showing up at our house, I've been very motivated to wrap up all the little changes around the house I have been putting off. I have three big kitchen changes to reveal, my second laminate bookcase makeover to show off, and a few simple makeovers to share. I'll try not to leave you hanging too long!
I couldn’t leave my seat.
I know Mother's secrets now,
I am SO excited about my upcoming encaustic basics class due to start tomorrow on 11/11/11! I will be teaching it at the gorgeous NEW
I still check in on everyone else's blogs.
Mob mentality? are you nut ? are you from San Francisco? is call People justice You moron!!!
That’s when I become acquainted with how many crumbs I’ve left on the plate or how many sips of water I’ve already had. Even if I’m eating with someone else, it’s like they’re the intruders. How dare you listen to me talk about my love for meatballs?
So here are a couple. I love these. Addicted.
"I've got some real estate here in my bag"
Here’s the final print.
On Tuesday I've released my second book, The Little Book of Anxiety, and since then I've been doing the round of interviews. Some of the questions I've been asked have been deeply perceptive and thought provoking, some have been fairly standard. But there are questions that none of the interviewers have asked, questions that beg to be spoken, questions that you, the readers, deserve to have answered.
Memorial Day
Jay is the CEO - über posh and über annoying. The last meeting I had with him he made a joke about all the minions earning 30K or less. In retaliation I may have spat in his tea...... Yeah I know immature but the man is moron. And incredibly scary I always seem to stammer like an idiot around him.
CONSENSUS: Crown of Horns is a well-made finale for Jeff Smith’s saga, and while it’s not the best collection of decisions (nor does it have the time to soak it up), it overall brings the saga to a mightily entertaining–and epic–conclusion.
paintings of a masterpiece, revealing truthful feelings
20. Sequence 20 (01:03)
Today's post was inspired by the prompt The Pest. And nobody could be nearly as surprised as I am to see the direction this one took me!
You'll be looking for work with a major trading magnate
A principal reason is how the three major indices are constructed. They do not begin to measure the same thing and are not simple duplicates of each other. The way they are defined and the actions of a single stock can have a big impact on performance.
age in order to gain access to this site may be a violation of local, state and federal law. You
And yet, on the weekend, she will head out to the dirtiest, dingiest, most hedonistic places in the city. She will behave in a manner incredibly low-class, and seek the attention of tattooed, drunk, and overly violent sociopaths. She will consume alcohol until the feelings of shame and responsibility disappear. Then she will ‘see him’, wash, rinse, and repeat.
__The most ancient are the four objects (copper axe, grindstone and two silver earrings) were found near-by the town of Brovary, Kyiv region in the burial place of the tribe chief, which belong to the pit culture of the Bronze Age (btw. the 4th-3rd thousands B.C.). It is them to open the renewed display of the museum.
You can buy cigars - at prices usually at least 50% cheaper than the UK (probably currently helped by the FX a little) - as soon as you land, at the duty free shop in the airport (not quite sure why you would have a duty free in a country with no VAT, but that's another story :))
﻿Inspired by a super crafty friend (you know who you are), I also attempted a little sewing project. She makes these adorable burp cloths and I wanted a make a few for baby G and will work on some more for my new mommy friends! My plan is to applique a cute "g" on the middle burp cloth. I must say these came out much better than I anticipated but are still not very well made. I will have to keep trying! I plan on making a nursing cover also and was thinking that a matching set would be super sweet!
1 cup refried black beans
The rest of our week is looking pretty busy, Mom will be having the scan of her liver on Wednesday as well as having her stitches out and catching up with doctors. She was also grumbling about all this 'housework stuff' and the dogfur bunnies that are hiding in the corners. Mom has been on a cleaning frenzy since we found out about my allergies - sadly no news on them subsiding yet - I am still the itchy scratchy boy. Hope you all have a great week everyone.
...skipping over the fact that I haven't updated in months.
First, we did some clothes shopping. We found some great deals on shirts and jeans and pants. Then we hit the home stores and found some great accents and drapes and linen. They were on sale. Even better, my friend had coupons we used to get even more discounts on the sale items. We were on a shopping bliss high, having found so many great stuff for really great prices. The last place we stopped at was the store where I would buy two pairs of expensive running shoes.
I imagined music and dance and life from a bygone era.
Another post showing some shades from Sula's Spring 2012 Playfully Pretty Collection; in this post I'll show you three new shades of their eyeshadow. Out of the three shades, my favorite is Hard To Be Good - it has the best pigmentation and the color reminds me of a tropical resort.
“AIDS is a 5* Kaffir Die B/W Depopulation Program. Best Invention since ‘Manhatten’, Usury, Rape and Torture”
Till late in the night reliev’d to the place at last again I made my
I’m not sure on how far we can go with subject matter without being offended? I guess I was, just a little.
That air that you breathe.
As for alcohol, that was never forbidden in our household. My parents have always let me have a sip or their beer or wine, from a very early age on (Back then, I mostly took extreme humor in taking a sip, making a terrible face, and spitting it out because it tasted so bad, hahaha!). Even now, I have little interest in alcohol, mostly because I can't stand the taste of most beers and wines (although I must admit to liking champagne!) and I think that if alcohol is just a normal thing, not some forbidden substance, teenagers are less likely to go all out and drink themselves to death.
I’m a Milwaukee Brewers fan, which is probably no secret by now. I liked them when they were awful, and I’ll like them when they’re awful again. A few years back I took my foam finger and shared it with the Bronze Fonz in downtown Milwaukee, because I’m sure he’s a fan, too:
Effective immediately, alternate side parking, payment at parking meters and garbage collections are suspended citywide until further notice.
compass, but snowshoeing areas are places where I visit, not live and hence, I am not familiar with the terrain nor changing weather conditions. The winter cold alone, is a nagging reminder of one’s vulnerability in the wilderness. It is well known among mountain adventurers that benign sunny weather can suddenly transform into rapid snowfall that is romantic on the mainland, but masks visibility in falling twilight on a mountainside with no city lights. These conditions already offer a mini-adventure.
And henceforth
They’re probably doing some upgrade that blocks even more websites.
"Whatever you do, do your work heartily, as for the Lord rather than for men; knowing that from the Lord you will receive the reward of the inheritance. It is the Lord Christ whom you serve."
Tomorrow we resume a semi-normal schedule (I think?) at the headquarters with Johnny Vermelya, an itinerant speaker. He graduated from Plymouth High School! I’m telling you, the connections I’m making here are insane! Anyway, some more classroom work before we head off to the Dominican and Haiti this weekend. THIS WEEKEND!! I can’t believe it. I truly can’t.
“When Daddy tickles, that’s how he says I love you.”
“When I call your name I want you to walk up those stairs to the right, and young Saiben will lead you to your sleeping chamber for the night.”
In the past I have tried to teach my girls how to paint, but perhaps they were too small and their attention span too short, so it came pretty much to nothing. With my decision made to try and spend time painting again, they have suddenly decided that they want me to teach them (with no prompting by me, so this must be for real ;) ). So I decided to stretch some small pieces of watercolor paper to let them use for practice.
Perhaps when the people were seated, they could SEE all the people and SEE all the food and SEE the miracle! What miracles have I missed because I would not sit down for a moment and look around and open my eyes?
Then Elijah said to Ahab, “Go up, eat and drink; for there is the sound of abundance of rain.” So Ahab went up to eat and drink. And Elijah went up to the top of Carmel; then he bowed down on the ground, and put his face between his knees, and said to his servant, “Go up now, look toward the sea.”
Today is the birthday of Red Buttons (born Aaron Chwatt, 1919-2006). Too late for vaudeville, he got his start in the Catskills (where he partnered with Robert Alda), Minsky’s burlesque, and starting in 1941, Broadway shows. From 1952-55, he starred in his own tv variety show, and from there went on to a distinguished Hollywood movie career, winning a best-actor Oscar for his role in Sayonara (1957), and following up with dozens of other memorable parts (I first saw him in 1972′s The Poseidon Adventure, one of my favorite movies.) I’ve also always loved the 1962 Howard Hawks film Hatari! with John Wayne and a whole bunch of rhincerouses in which Buttons plays “Pockets” (I wonder how long it took them to think of that name). Buttons was also a much beloved figure at Dean Martin Celebrity Roasts in the 70s, with his popular “…Never Got a Dinner” routines. He passed away in 2006.
Mini Love Notes Papers Collection
In this case, the sequence is also in Kipling’s novel – indeed, most of the time the film is extremely close to the book, though it cuts out most of the jokey slang and makes occasional shifts of emphasis. Dick, as a young teenager, is seen at the seaside with a girl, Maisie, and it is briefly established that they are both being cared for by a guardian there. The two have escaped to play with their pet goat and practise shooting a gun, but there is a mishap when Maisie accidentally shoots near Dick’s eyes and he says he can’t see for a moment, before the powder burn clears.
With regard to this recipe, I suggest cutting the tail ends from the fillets. Those ends tend to taste more "fishy" than the thicker parts. If you like that, don't bother cutting them off (like I said, I'm admittedly picky about fish). But if you don't want to bite into that, and you don't want to throw away the meat, cook it in a separate dish alongside this one and give it to the dogs or the cats - they love it. Also, I don't measure. This is seriously a sprinkle and cook sort of recipe. Fresh dill is ideal, but dried works well, too - just don't be shy with your sprinkling.
Book format: paperback, 528 pages
Let me start by saying that I've used a Sonicare toothbrush for years, and the technology of the Mia is very similar. The bristles move, but the secret is the sound waves. These things basically hum the dirt off.
The Mouse will find some minuscule crack in your outer defenses. Just some small corner, tucked away in shadow. Then he’ll climb inside to explore all the inner spaces of your defensive constructs. But you can’t defend against him. There can be nothing hidden from the Mouse once he’s entered your house. And when he reaches the pantry, it’s all over.
Former Ward 2 councillor Sibusiso Ntuli said, “We have families that were forcefully removed from this area - like the Ngubanes, Mhlongos, Ngcobos, Mtshahes and many others. There is even a grave of the late iNkosi Zondi in this plot to prove that this area belongs to the Mpumuza tribal authority.”
Have you been reading along with Julianne? Perhaps you’ve missed a stop on her fantastic Days with the Undead: Book One tour? No need to worry, we’ve done another round-up for you so that you can caught up and perhaps enter yourself in some giveaways to win a free copy of the book!
So the blogging ambivilence. It comes and goes. Ebbs and flows like the muscle definition line on the outer edge of my thigh, the way it appears sometimes when I cross my legs at the knee. I love that goddamned line.
- Our appetite for independence, self-reliance, self-determination, and individualism can lead to the very loneliness that can makes people miserable.
Processing the Idea
In other news, the internet is still awesome. I found a place where you can learn how to write computer code for free, which is kind of interesting and fun. I tend to race through the exercises, but I think I need to set up a way of revising and actually remembering things once I've 'learned' them.
Named in the suit are Forest City Ratner; parent Forest City Enterprises; FCR affiliates Atlantic Yards Development Company and Brooklyn Arena; FCR CEO Bruce Ratner; and FCR Senior VP Jane Marshall. It also names BUILD, BUILD CEO James Caldwell, and contractor Orbin’s Big Green Machine and its president, Gausia Jones.
I'm afraid that P took this rather personally at first. The poor guy had throat surgery several years ago and as a result has a shortened soft palate and no uvula. He does sometimes make quiet, involuntary sounds when he eats certain things, and he's rather self-conscious about it. He was a bit insulted that at every single meal his son would turn away from him, cover the ear closest to him, and make angry sounds to cover up his chewing. They had many conversations about it but nothing was ever resolved; P explained that it was hurtful and that he found it disrespectful, C explained that it wasn't personal and he couldn't help it, and neither side was happy (not to mention the stress this put on me, as the person who loved them both and knew they both loved each other and who was attempting to mediate this whole thing)(not to make it all about me, but it IS my blog, you know).
Yes don’t worry my 5th generation LDS wife told me she would never be lead astray also.
God also prepares a table for us in the midst of our enemies.
Tore open the shutters and threw up the sash.
84. Apt Pupil
The appendix of Psyclone, referred to by the author as ‘the most important part of the book’, comprises over 200 entries that provide background information to that revealed throughout the story. Each entry features a hyperlink to external research sources where readers will find a variety of sources of scientific research and information in those areas, some of them studies spanning decades.
“The Beach and Howe tower is a contemporary descendant of the Flatiron Building in New York City – reclaiming the lost spaces for living as the tower escapes the noise and traffic at its base. In the tradition of Flatiron, Beach and Howe’s architecture is not the result of formal excess or architectural idiosyncrasies, but rather a child of its circumstances: the trisected site and the concerns for neighboring buildings and park spaces.” Bjarke Ingels, Founding Partner, BIG.
Um, ok. Doc and I look at each other and try not to laugh.
Some of my favourite quips and one-liners in recent times include:
Now, if you make that one simple change, what follows? What would the physics and the chemistry be like, in this new framework? Before I started writing I put a lot of work into fleshing out those details, so I could predict exactly how light would behave, how matter would behave, and what kinds of technology would or wouldn't be possible. The result is a combination of novelty and consistency that really appeals to me: there are a lot of very strange aspects to this universe, but they're not just an arbitrary collection of weird phenomena, they all flow directly from a single premise. "
Sweet Jesus
Wiring
For the crumble:
Step 1: measure 22 x 22 squares of fabric
Other lives I live, other scenes, possibilities, the characters from my book, the ones I invent, fleshed out more tangibly than the corporeal people who surround me.
Alice – Well okay Alice really did suck .
Islamic Human Rights Commission's annual Al-Quds Day demonstration in Britain to support the Palestinian people and their rights on August 21 will reportedly be attacked by EDL thugs.
5. Rondino in E-flat Major WoO 25 7:25
Giada couldn't write personal messages, only your name.
"Jings, meenister, if just one cow turned up I would hae to feed it but I wouldnae gie it the whale lot"!
For those with kidlets heading back to school in the morning I hope all goes smoothly for you. Thanks for visiting & don't forget to mark the sale date in your diaries... you won't want to miss this one!!!
Then I went to get my hair cut and stock my shelves with groceries. At home Chester was still waiting for his walk, but I was still hoping it would warm up some more. It was up to -26C by the time I got home, but they were not reporting on the wind chill. I decided to have some lunch and watch the cams in the hopes that it might be a bit warmer later. We finally went for our walk around 2pm when it reached -24C and then it suddenly started to warm up – it was -23C by the time we got home and then -21C about 20 minutes later. The sun is shining as it usually is when its very cold.
» 12/8 – San Jose, CA @ HP Pavilion
We've discussed this here before. Yes, a recent Supreme Court case appears to have settled this matter, in principle. The imbalance of power between individual and state is so huge that the citizen must -- must -- retain the one thing that equalizes the playing field somewhat. The truth. In practice, this will still be a hard fight. I tend to worry much less about restricting what the government and other elites can see
During that year of 24/7, I was so aware of God's presence with every breath I took. It was intense and it filled me with a strength and faith that I would desperately need to get through some tough times, years later. I have never felt such peace and such communion with God as I did during that year of worship and prayer.
Evolution theory on last legs, says seminary teacher
And as she cried,
your trembling fingers to behave,
I think Hemmingway once said "The first draft of anything is shit." This has also always been true in my experience.
Tofu is made by coagulating soy milk and pressing the resulting curds. Tofu originated in ancient China and is widely used in East Asian and Southeast Asian cuisines. This recipe is a simple indian style curry with firm tofu and capsicum and it makes a great side dish for chappathi or naan.
Every day the reminders are the same. Most of them are pretty routine to them and would probably be accomplished without the reminders. However, I feel like the gentle nudges keep things moving along and avoid a last-minute rush or panic.
Note for the nitpickers: I use female pronouns because I'm a girl. No deeper meaning there.
It’s been a quiet a while since I last wrote much of anything. To be perfectly honest, the last two years has been a blur. It has been a few months now since I decided to take a reduced role from the Summit and since then I have just been trying to get my feet under me. Unfortunately after my own personal decision, other tough decisions had to be made on the future of the company and a mutual agreement could not be made with the owners of 780 Valencia.
backsliding all the time
At age 18 Kenya “wanted to be a teenager, have fun, go out with my girlfriends.”
Ok, part 1: Neither naughty nor nice. But knitting. As in more legwarmers and let's add some fingerless gloves to complete the look. Wear around town, esp at your children's schools.
*It is possible I saw an elephant. It was about 100 yards away in a raging downpour and I have poor eyesight but it certainly resembled an elephant, either that or a very large rock.
Panic. I had extra overwound strings, but none were long enough. (Harp builders and the squeamish - I recommend that you stop reading right here...) So I ran to the kitchen and got a very pointy serrated knife and tried to widen the string hole a little bit. Still no luck. More panic. So I dug around in my tool box (yes, I have one of those, too) and found a pair of grippy plier thingeys that also cut wire that my brother gave me a long time ago. I grabbed the end of the new string and yanked and yanked and yanked and swore and yanked and swore some more...the string still wouldn't pass through the hole.
And the people with VIP tickets got to go to the front of the line, whenever they happened to arrive. So you could stand in line for a long time, nearly get to the front of the line, and then have dozens of people just walk in front of you. And the preferred seating group was also supposed to go before the general admission people, but there seemed to be some confusion about that. Anyway, I thought that maybe most of the VIP group had already gone through the line and there wouldn't be that many of them walking up to the front. But I still had to seriously think about standing in this line and spending $30.
It had stopped at 11.25, that much was easy to see, though I couldn't say how long it was before either of us noticed. I don't know if the quietly reassuring tick had stuttered and stilled while we slept upstairs, or while we sat watching other clocks in our different offices, hours away from home and each other.
Better, I thought, we work with the existing parties. We build a movement and make it clear that the first party to offer an annual referendum on the budget gets our vote. We could, tactically, even pick on one of the parties, and tell it that it will never get into power unless it agrees to our terms. We have the power to do that, if we mobilise and then use it.
* 3 lbs. kabocha squash, sliced in half lengthwise and seeded
I would also like to enter this card in the following fun challenges:
This cute image called Bailey Flower was in my inbox Tuesday evening and I had to wait to see what the challenge was going to be until Wednesday morning. Sometimes it's hard to wait!
I want to be proud of myself I want to stand in front. Whaz wrong with it?
Lovely boozer down an alley, on the corner of Little Lever Street and Back Piccadilly which is round the back of Piccadilly Gardens. It's described as a 'curious pub with a long and ancient history' on the Manchester UK website, and on a Manchester City FC forum someone asked 'is it a pub or more a Well of Lost Souls?' There's also a rainbow flag inside so I'd like to know what the connection to the gay scene is.
To keep the breast from browning too quickly, I covered it loosely with tin foil. Basting is optional. I added beef broth, but any broth will work. I set the oven timer so I will remember to baste. But many tired, weather-worried cooks might not hear the oven dinger go off. If you fall into this category, you might want to keep an egg timer in your apron pocket.
We have been told to hold this site close to our hearts and to protect it by those that have passed on before us. Our ancestors protected the site for millennia and we will honor the remains of that ancestor located by the current work by continuing that fight. We find it troubling that the City and the Province and associated interest groups will preserve an old falling down cedar tree in Stanley Park, old buildings in the city and throughout the province and indeed, that the Federal Government will preserve the “ancient Viking village site in Newfoundland” that is an infant by comparison with the age and significance of Musqueam’s Marpole Village site.”
The purpose of having a logon process is to establish who you are. Once the operating system knows who you are, it can grant or deny requests for system resources appropriately. If a bad guy learns your password, he can log on as you. In fact, as far as the operating system is concerned, he is you. Whatever you can do on the system, he can do as well, because he’s you. Maybe he wants to read sensitive information you’ve stored on your computer, like your e-mail. Maybe you have more privileges on the network than he does, and being you will let him do things he normally couldn’t. Or maybe he just wants to do something malicious and blame it on you. In any case, it’s worth protecting your credentials.
I am hoping that having a bit more time between sales will give me more time to hook up more items and to also try new patterns too..
Me: Oh yes it is.
Yes, it was time for my quarterly visit to get my iron levels checked – the joys of being an anaemic runner. I hate going, mainly because I feel a bit of a fraud sitting among the genuinely poorly people. But on the other hand it gives me a chance to do one of my favourite things- people watch. And boy is there a variety of people to watch in Pinderfields.
There are times when I look at this girl and I am in awe that I was chosen to be her mother. When ever I am glum she brings sunshine with her and knows just how to perk me right up. She really makes the best friend a mommy could ever have.
Some personal information here ~ I LOVE organization! My best friend once called me “The Organization Police” because I continually look for ways to bring sense and order to end chaos! Homeschool is a pleasure when I’m organized, but when those days happen, and the kids are out of their chairs every 5 minutes to “get something”, I make a plan! So here are some of my practical plans….
Actual celebrities who frequented the club, like Eddie Murphy and Michael Douglas, were no match for Alig and his menagerie, which often included a few New York celebrities around today -- Amanda LaPore, Richie Rich, and, most famously, Rupaul and the duo Heatherette, now legitimate fashion designers in their own right.
The Professor: "I learned to French kiss today!"
During summer season, it becomes easier to engage in unhealthy dietary behavior so it is also important to consider if there are healthy food alternatives. I’m not saying that one should refrain himself/herself from eating burgers, hot dogs, fries, I am just saying that eating those everyday may cause adverse effects on your health later on ; they should be taken as treats rather than making them daily meals. If there are no healthy options, it is sometimes best to carry your own meal or snack from home ensuring that they are properly stored of course.
'Cause I'll have the only one there is around.
‘If it’s me or the world, the world’s had it. Of course that’s disgusting. And liberating. That’s the problem with disgust. You get through it. You feel bigger and emptier.’
In which momentous world events
Absolute in unequal
How do you want to be spiritually? How do you want to feel about your spirituality? How often do you want to feel connected to Source?
Picture 5&6 Beat DK in attic 3
If you head to “The Dark Knight Rises” official site be prepared for a viral marketing campaign. Here’s a link in case you want to check it out for yourself.
So as you can imagine I was like DO NOTHING, WOW that's a day (challenge) for me.
So we can take this argument to be pointing out that rationality doesn’t require us to, at all times, have in mind evidence for everything that we believe, but rather that it requires that we can, if asked, produce good reasons for believing each thing that we believe, where reasons are broader than just evidence.
wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
So I took a Facebook friend's recommendation and went to DeLuca's. Well, baby! Where you been all my breakfast-eating life?! Dropped at the counter, got a cup of joe going (and damned good coffee, too), and checked the menu. The prices looked a bit...high, truly, but okay, I ordered the breakfast burrito with choice of meat: I took kielbasi. It was ten bucks. Grumble, grumble -- Holy CRAP! It should have been delivered by overhead crane; a foot or more long, about 4" wide, and easily 2" high, stuffed bulging full with eggs, onions, kielbasi (a LOT of it, too), and fried spuds, with "spanish sauce" and a slice of American cheese on top, decorated with one more chunk of kielbasi. Great recommendation, and please, forget everything I said about this monster meal being pricey. Woof.
Their home is a wigwam, which is a conical dwelling of birch bark stretched over a frame of wood poles. Each wigwam accomodates 10 to 12 people. The wigwams are made to be perfectly watertight: the birch panels are stitched together with tree roots, and then birch bark patches held in place with a glue from tree gum covered the stitching. Inside the wigwam, pine branches served as a floor covering, and the skins of bear and moose were used for seating. In the centre of the wigwam was a huge pot made of wood. Using it required utmost patience, as hot stones were placed in the pot to warm the contents. The Abenaki came to prefer the European copper cauldrons, which were easier and lighter to use. As with many other things adopted over time, the Abenaki more and more embraced and integrated the European culture with their own.
A love story, but so much more, Désirée explores the landscape of a young heart torn in two, giving readers a compelling true story of an ordinary girl whose unlikely brush with history leads to a throne no one would have expected.
Time to release our fears to the world – or offer encouragement to those who are feeling neurotic. If you’d like to join us, click on the tab above and sign up. We post the first Wednesday of every month. I encourage everyone to visit at least a dozen new blogs and leave a comment. Your words might be the encouragement someone needs.
but I’m not the actor, I’m the audience,
If mercy's in business I wish it for you
I did not abandon them. I did not walk away. I listened to my heart and then made the heartrending decision to live apart from them so their lives would be more stable and so they would be happier. It was a responsible choice and it was what is working for my family but I don’t wish it on anyone. I wish there was more support for families.
Some time ago now individuals unknown signed my e-mail address up to the BNP’s news letter, a circumstance not immediately distastful after all much of the BNP’s support base consists of nationalists with the same or similar convictions to myself although there is variance upon different points. Yet the news letters in question in the main contain appeals for money, for one to donate as much as possible for the fight, “whatever that is”, such letters became tiresome and it was easy to find oneself simply skimming over the latest Churchillian rubbish and its attendant appeal for money.
“One thing I accidentally missed out when I performed it last week – and it really needs to be in – is that, at one point, the character says to the guy in the garage who is going to be his manager, So you see what I’m offering is an overview of Stewart Lee’s style done in the style of Stewart Lee and then there’s talk about the existentialism involved in it. Then he says: I’m not suffering from an identity crisis, I’m suffering from a lack of bookings.
*1/4 tsp of Agave or Coconut Nectar
I went to Greenwich Market yesterday. Two stall holders told me that, earlier in the day, it had been snowing inside the market.
Although William Alfred was known primarily as a medievalist and playwright, he taught Harvard courses on English drama and literature, too. His other plays included The Curse of an Aching Heart (another Alfred piece starring Dunaway), Nothing Doing, and Cry for Us All, a musical adaptation of Hogan’s Goat. He published a bilingual edition with his translation of Beowulf in 1963 and a book of poems, The Annunciation Rosary.
It has been a weight of guilt (not really) I have been carrying for a while.
The PPK has posted eight pages of wish-lists and I-mades from this book, and the verdict comes to a total of 78 raves about recipes, far, far outweighing anything less positive. This includes Isa's post that the four she tried were wonderful. One guy's only post on the entire board ever was to rave about four of the recipes and say he was eating one right at the moment. Want to hear more? The top five spaces are occupied by
While you, with your vigor and verve,
My head was down and I got a burning feeling in my chest.
A quick and easy dish to assemble, this all- in-one entree makes a tempting centerpiece for a spring dinner. A trio of ingredients–prosciutto, cremini mushrooms, and asparagus–are combined with cooked penne. The prosciutto is cut into julienned strips and sauteed until crispy, and the mushrooms sliced and quickly sauteed as well. Finally, the asparagus are cut into small pieces and cooked with the pasta in a large pot of
Especially in the United States where corporate billionaires are lionized, creative folk — typically self-employed and working out of public and the media’s view — are seen as slackers, stoners, half-assed. (Author John Grisham earned $18 million last year — hardly typical.)
I remember reading those words, many months ago, and thinking there was no way I would ever feel the urge to cheat on my beloved baby-witch, Lizzy.
Throughout history we have witnessed so-called holy wars. In such conflicts we like to choose sides. So which side is right? I will say, “neither”, and I do so with this illustration. Suppose someone ridicules and speaks against the Bible. They want to destroy it. Do we fight physically in its defence? No! We use it as the weapon for according to Ephesians 6:17 it is the “sword of the Spirit.”
Hoodi--Runs a knitting kiosk on the boardwalk at Seaside Heights. Hoodi hides her Jersey big hair under a knitted cotton sweatshirt, teaches her customers how to pick up stitches using their nails, and was recently arrested for stabbing her boyfriend Woodie in the crotch with a #7 straight needle while threatening to garrote him with the matching circ.
The preacher again asks the drunk, “For the love of God, have you found Jesus?”
But that doesn’t invalidate the value of someone that senior speaking out about the value of family time. Too often the speech is from a man like Michael Hawker talking about how he spends 80 hours a week at work because he loves what he does. And so the model of a senior person is of someone who necessarily spends all their life at work. It becomes the only model of success.
11 Stang's Swang 3:07
Something which needs to be added to this ‘general’ duty to respond to suicide is a comparatively new phenomenon being somewhat inelegantly described as “Suicide by Cop”.
I don’t know. I really don’t. But I don’t care either.
There is no amount of 'no fly zone' or no cache of weapons that will change Libya into another Egypt.
Even presidents are not above superstition. Both Herbert Hoover and Franklin Roosevelt were triskaidekaphobics. Both avoided dinner parties with 13 guests, and Roosevelt refused to travel on the 13th.
The Andromeda Council is amassing a fleet on the Kuiper Belt for the coming Draco armada.
What makes a DSLR unique is the use of interchangeable lenses, the mirror and pentaprism. After a specific lens is mounted, a mirror behind the lens reflects the light upward to a 5-sided prism, or pentaprism, where it is reflected through the viewfinder. When the shutter release is pressed, the mirror just behind the lens flips up to allow a straight path between the light and the shutter. The shutter opens for the required time and the light falls on the Image Sensor.
In the immediate aftermath of Wigan, there is little time for reflection with Chelsea’s visit to The Emirates on Saturday lunchtime. An air of negativity pervades Arsenal with the most minor perceived indiscretion magnified out of the correct proportion. Robin van Persie is at the centre of this, the elevated status he holds in the English game not just in the club guaranteeing media focus. His choice of dinner companion; an apparent refusal to shake hands; walking out of the Barcelona team hotel: grist to the media mill. Visiting friends is now a crime against your football club but surely were subterfuge is ruled out by wearing an Arsenal tracksuit? Isn’t it? Apparently not.
significant about their lives. They really didn’t contribute to their society;
Last night I visited Europe during the occupation. I guess. I don’t have the words for where I was. I wore a long skirt, with a gun hidden in my coat.
I blame my parents.
You now have a very basic runbook that you can run and use to monitor monitor runbooks in other environments. Note, if you are using this to monitor runbooks in the same environment you should set it to run on a different action server – this can be done in a number of ways including configuring its properties and setting it to run on a standby action server
A machicolation is a floor opening between the supporting corbels of a battlement, through which stones, or other objects, could be dropped on attackers at the base of a defensive wall. The design was developed in the Middle Ages when the Norman crusaders returned. A machicolated battlement projects outwards from the supporting wall in order to facilitate this.
04 The Disciples meet The Rootsman - Conscious Yout' (Remix) (6:45)
Learn to free yourself from all things that have molded you
internet by African youths was
Reality’s rude interjection,
No pattern
One of the better sci-fi shows of late begins its final season on Syfy tonight as we take our final trip back to Global Dynamics’ favorite research facility. We’ll try not to let knowing it’s all coming to an end soon dampen our enjoyment.
“Yeah, it’s got some great speakers and talkers and peoples and stuff, but it’s also going to be like a High School Reunion for people you wish you went to high school with that you talk to on the Internet.
One of my toy dollies talked. If you depressed her soft, yielding stomach, out would come a limited refrain of sayings. When I put my hand to my own belly and spoke, the muscles there pushed against my hand and made the speech seemingly more urgent to emerge from my mouth. So I pressed my ear to the doll's waxy skin, hoping for her words to directly pour themselves into my ear. But she lacked for a skeleton or cartilage to reverberate, thus her faux skin yielded me no secrets. The repeated pressure vainly applied to the doll's abdomen, detached her voicebox and she refrained from speaking altogether. Subsequent talking dolls all operated with a pull-cord. Their reedy, hollow utterances were always preceded by the whirring of the retracting wire.
Grants for artists/writers to participate in an educational setting. An artist may teach elementary school or instruct college creative writing, but s/he is paid for guiding others in the craft of writing. His/her fee or salary is paid via grant. Almost every state in the US has an AIE program through the state arts commission, often requiring the artist to qualify for a roster.
I’m seventeen years old.
In pursuit of its processing time goals, USCIS will be interviewing applicants on Saturdays, Sundays and during the week after traditional work hours.
SELLER: Harry Morton
Kinda like this beer, frankly.
Apart from racial policy, the institute I head has been documenting almost every aspect of South Africa since our foundation in 1929. It was inevitable then that when the ANC came to power in 1994, people asked us why South Africa should not become just another African disaster.
* 1-1/2 teaspoons almond extract
Huh? Don’t tell me the vegetarianism is catching? He has been eating a lot less meat lately. And going to the gym. Last night he even had a cup of tea instead of another beer. Hmm.
I can't show all of what I've been doing, but here are little snippets:
Now in the second month of a three-month test phase, Sunoco is working with area beer distributors to choose the beers on tap and will seek customer feedback through suggestion boxes and customer service representatives. In addition, Sunoco APlus employees visited a local distributor to train on safety and sanitation, and also went to Plying Bison Brewery to practice filling jugs, the news outlet reported.
For the last year, I have insisted that my body just isn’t right. Being unlucky and clumsy as hell, I have injured and now suffer chronic pain in my left knee, right ankle, right hip, lower back, left shoulder and arm and my neck. Each ailment flares up and down at random, no rhyme or reason. Physiotherapy doesn’t do shit beyond a certain ‘almost okay’ level. I can’t take daily anti-inflammatories because of my stomach, leaving me with a developed tolerance for aching.
All the colors that you know
Oh be still my beating heart.
Too often…coaches and the way they coach…waste a lot of time…
315 6. “Leo Strauss at the University of Chicago.” Kenneth L. Deutsch and John A. Murley, eds., Leo Strauss, the Straussians, and the American Regime (Lanham, Maryland: Rowman & Littlefield, 1999), pp. 3-30. See, on George Anastaplo, ibid., pp. 159-91. See, also Introduction to John A Murley, ed., Leo Strauss, A Bibliographical Legacy (Lanham, Maryland: Lexington Books, 2004). See, as well, Item C-1974 (14), above, Item E-VI/9/2003, below.
Any way I am so excited to be sharing this card with your today as it's for my Guest Spot with Midweek Magnolia's boy I was so high when I received the email as when I applied I really never dreamed I would be picked!!!
My speech might begin with, “Guess what? You’re screwed. Other than the days of the Great Depression, I cannot think of a worse time to be thrust out into the world; your newly minted diploma in one hand and your loan papers in the other. Look to your left. Only one of you is going to find gainful employment that even vaguely resembles what you studied to do, if you find any work at all.”
10) Do not be shy to express yourself through techniques. As Bruce Lee said “ We are not doing the technique, we are expressing ourselves through the technique”
I have no idea what I was thinking. Probably the same thing my kids think when they wear underwear on their heads, or the same T-shirt for a month straight, or a Cinderella dress to the doctor's office. And yes, believe it or not, that dress was quite stylish back in the early 90s.
In previous installments of the Job Insurance series, I’ve used a simple $20 a month premium, split 50/50 between workers and their employers, to give a rough idea about how a Job Insurance program could be financed as a significant new social insurance program, without creating a heavy fiscal burden.
Today I have a few projects that I created out of my extras - I have made 1 project and 5 layouts so far and I can still keep going!
Lunch was a mad dash to Whole Foods (I was running late this morning, remember?) where I grabbed a seven grain roll, a medium sized quinoa, tomato and basil soup and their ah-may-zing goat cheese, cranberry and pecan salad. Truthfully, I wanted the small salad, but they were out, so I grabbed the large one and ate about a third of it. I’ll finish it tomorrow.
Total Weight Gain: We will learn this Nov 22nd..our next OB appoint! Till then, keep exercising!
You and me both, sister! What does pink mean to you? To me it means Katie Price, Barbie, favours at weddings that cost an average £20K in the UK (Yes, average! Yes £20K!), rosebuds and kitten noses on cutesy stationery etc etc.
The Empire lands at Rhu Caenus Spaceport in the Kaamos Territory. This puts you next to House Thul and House Cortess who the empire is supporting in this rebellion. This is all located in almost the north central of the world map.
Teacher ArtExchange 11 jan
And the cashier might even offer to throw some rum in your fruit punch. You know, for the walk back.
by pursuing an increasingly experimental course, a tendency
Finally, on Wednesday, a full three days AFTER Christmas, we assembled and decorated the gingerbread houses. Because three days AFTER Christmas is not too late, right?
“It’s funny.”
*Unpro steps off soapbox*
Sam Raimi really hit it out of the park here. Spider-Man 2 has everything a good comic book movie requires. It is exciting, funny, dramatic…when they announced the villain was Doctor Octopus, fans worried. I am unsure why. Spider-Man has a solid rogues gallery, second to Batman. And Doctor Octopus is a classic villain. And Spider-Man 2 beat all complaints into the ground. The casting of Alfred Molina was perfect. He manages to capture a wide range of character traits. In the beginning he is a funny, genial. Yet He becomes ominous and frightening.
One philosopher said ...When you create beautiful memories you get to enjoy them twice, once while doing them and again when remembering them...and it is not the number of breaths we take but the moments that take out breath away...that's the measure of your life... !!!
He finds himself alone.
I made wafty white curtains for the bedrails, but immediately took them down again as it detracted from the way the new space flows. I think the four poster bed has created a gorgeous luxurious and slightly princess feel for the room and it's taking all my willpower not to just move in there with Handy Husband and put 'Do Not Disturb' up on the door.
“Make a tent? But they gave us tents.”
'We must buy BIG presents!
The nursery though, I wanted to be a little bit different. Still relatively neutral walls that I can pair with whatever colors I'd like, but not beige.
Baby, it’s cold outside. But thankfully, it's bustling and warm at The City Bakery. This Flatiron uber-bakery and café is filled with the beckoning scents of fresh baked goods. Unfortunately, it's also filled with New Yorkers looking for a fix of something good — "good," in this case meaning either good for you, or just yum-good.
So, in conclusion, the game has a generic plot, a unfinished battle system, but a decent job system and a certain charm that’s hard to explain. Maybe its just that i’m happy to play a game where the hero isn’t a mopping emo and everyone looks at the horrifying scenes with a hint of optimism. Anyway, i recommend this game to RPG fans, but i’d say go for 4 or 6 if your not too big on RPG’s.
However there is always some blog material to be found by watching and listening and I did enjoy my trip and it gave me an enormous amount of pleasure and Harry was fine. I will do this more often now, I think.
Scheduled Monk's dental appointment today. June 20 (West Virginia Day), he will get all his work done. I equally dread it and look forward to it (only because then it will be over). I cried like a fool just hearing about the procedure. Blah...
#66...Loretta Lock
Look around, how often do you hear anybody talk about “new” today?
CONTRIBUTORS to Speak Now: Australian perspectives on same-sex marriage (from the 'Contributors' section of the book)
I meant to scream. I meant to grab the gun and blast him in the face. I meant to get up and run out of there. I didn’t do any of it. My mouth quivered. A single sound like a car that won’t start came from my throat. After that, I just stared.
We would do this. For we did not want to be alone.
A notebook to jot down ideas and thoughts...
What have I done?
“Thanks,” I say brightly, and head off to the next house. It’s the home of a young family with two or three children. Even though they’re right across the cul-du-sac from my house, all I know is that they had a dog that barked a lot so they let it run away, and their last name starts with a “B”. It’s the wife/mom who answers the door.
The prize for Duymelot will be shown in a couple of weeks,
And how many times must a cannon ball fly,
Check out our Editor’s Pick: The SEI Lourdes Cheval Mirror. It’s a beautiful accent piece full of elegant design with a hint of romantic charm. The Mirror itself tilts for easy movement and the base features scroll work legs. Available in a brushed pewter/copper finish this is a great gift to show Mom just how beautiful she is.
No sooner had the group grown near to the temple-city than did they find themselves faced with a broad field of tar pits set throughout the terrain–and from one of such pits emerged a gargantuan and terrifying tar dragon, a fearsome sight which set the party to swiftly withdraw from the field to fight another day. Wary of their ultimate adversary, the group doubled back before making their way down towards the firebase–and late in the day, arrived to find a hilltop fortification of palisades with siege weaponry observable over barricades and barriers.
Work was okay, and I left early to get home for an early dinner before my consultant appointment. Dinner was mackerel salad, which made up for over eating at lunch.
Erle decided to book a sail boat for the afternoon as he enjoys sailing, so do I but I was already sunburned enough for one day and declined to join him. I suggested that Scott might like to go out sailing with him but the two of them were going our to the Elephant park to ride the elephants. We did this for free right here at Club Med but they had missed the visit of the elephant to the complex.
Join the UNA Planetarium for our public program on Tuesday night at 7pm. The show will consist of a 30 minute discussion of the constellations visible in the sky during the current month. This is followed by a video or slide presentation and observing through the UNA Observatory’s 14-inch telescope if the weather permits. The programs are intended for a general audience so all age groups are welcome. General admission is $3. UNA students are admitted for free.
Having spent the last three months sampling bottle after bottle of beers from all across this country, I can say with absolute certainty that the 'UK beer scene' (the reductive phrase these guys use to describe the 'UK beer industry') is not nearly 'sick' as they claim, but is actually in the most excellent health - possibly better than ever before in it's long and illustrious history.
Because this blog is a time suck. There are hundreds of entries to read, and tens of thousands of comments. It's easy to get pulled in and waste hours, days, weeks.
Person 1 - Female, 19, Geography Student
Personal matters don’t matter to me. Personnel matters matter to everybody in an athletics office, though. Petrino’s behavior, his promotion of Dorrell, and his resulting lies have exposed Arkansas to any number of legal issues. But there was an issue bigger even than legal issues that threatened Arkansas athletics in the aftermath of the Petrino crash – Dorrell was engaged to a staff member of one of Arkansas’ Olympic sports.
Finally, something starts happening. Thank you, Doyle, for getting to the point. Not that the last two chapters were a waste—far from it—but at the same time, it’s a good thing Doyle learned how to do characterization on the fly. At least now he’s managed to flesh out his two main characters, and we can move onto fun stuff!
As the morning wore on, I felt progressively more tired, but determined. Who wouldn’t feel tired having been in labor for 8 hours after sleeping for only 2 hours following 2 days of false labor? Contractions were coming at 3-4 minutes apart, so I certainly wasn’t resting much in between. Just before 9 am I took a break and sat on the rocker in the nursery, listening to my Rainbow Relaxation on my iPod and trying to get some rest. There aren’t many methods of birthing where you’ll find mom looking like this DURING contractions. I didn’t move from this position for a good 45 minutes! In this picture you’ll also notice the Elle TENS machine that I wore for most of the day, which I could turn on during contractions to take the edge off. That thing was FABULOUS!
swimsuit/wetsuit to people I work with, worried about looking like a
Lights/action
methylparaben - a preservative, anti-fungal agent
- Cigarettes on the steps overlooking the river
Registration is not required; all are welcome.
The bag is classic in both style and colour and is perfect for both the office and weekends and will age beautifully.
love. Here she sits on 2 pillows on the arm of
Bazin and Object Image Ontology
Neil has continually searched for a treatment or someone to help him improve his quality of life. He has researched to find something to help his deteriorating body, he started reading everything he could find on stem cells, as that seemed promising for the future. The problem being, how far off is the future?. … For Neil, his grandfather had died, his grandmother now the sole person left to care for Neil is 83 years old and Neil’s body is slowly deteriorating.
Coronation Street: Michelle Keegan (Tina McIntyre) - WINNER
After a good long cry about how the hell I am going to do this, we started the food elimination on Friday. It hasn't been easy, and I gave in a few times (how can you say no to a 2 year old asking for a piece of her grandfather's chocolate birthday cake?) But I really hope this is going to work.
150cc Mirror Approach Finish 150cc Awakening Chic with Gold trophies on every cup
All this happened at the beginning of February.
Another month went by? Really? I guess from looking around the garden I should realize that time's been passing. A lot has happened in the past month, the good and the bad, births and deaths, unions and breaks, and the three of us are just holding tight to one another and desperately hoping that the quantity of "things happen" will abate.
Saucony shoes are designed to give comfort and protection for active people and athlete. These shoes come with the perfect cushioning, classic style, and right functionality for athletic activities. If you want to buy running shoes, you have to make sure that you have the right fitting. You can try the shoes and run on them before you buy them. Athletic stores that specialize in running shoes are used to customers jogging back and forth. This is to make sure that your feet will be comfortable with the shoes that you are going to buy. It is also important that you buy the right shoes for the right activity. For example you are planning to try cross country running; you should buy the shoes that are designed for cross country running because they should be durable enough to last with the long run.
She walks among the meadow grass
and baked it.
It is funny to know that even if you're a shitty band people still want to know your story. Right as we speak, we have (as some kind of homework) to write some sort of "Band Bio" so other people can read it, without any special purpose. It also has to be written in an informal style. It is even funnier to know that exactly those people that could not accept the fact that your band's name has no profound meaning suddenly find it incredibly easy to accept a bio like:
Anyways, here it is!
MOVIE REVIEW
_____I hate when I like your status, then I copy and paste it into Google and find out that you copied and pasted it from Twitter. Then I have to go back and unlike your status cuz you're a idiot.
It is worth noting, the composition of pure MDMA is not the same as the street drug Ecstasy. Ecstasy usually contains MDMA in addition to ketamine, caffeine, BZP, and other narcotics and stimulants and its safety for use in humans is questionable. On the other hand, MDMA has been proven to be adequately safe for human consumption when taken a limited number of times in moderate doses.
Young Keith and Charlii, that is.
14. O Holy Night - The Brady Bunch
Rick is shocked when he meets Laszlo and his wife Ilsa, his former lover from Paris, who left him with no explanation on the day they were to leave, which explains Ricks hard exterior and the realisation that he still loves her.
Which kind of dog are you? The obvious questions begged by pointing out the difference in the perception of being called as compared to the perception of being driven are… “What have I been called to do? What have I been driven to do?” Also, you can add “By whom?” to the end of each of those.
I was sitting at the dining room table earlier today, when I heard a thud in the living room. Then Raikki started whimpering and whining. I figured he'd fallen and was stuck or something, so I walked in through the kitchen, but he was standing at the back door, looking out. I started to take him outside to do his business, when I noticed a little bird lying on the deck.
How long have you been writing poetry? I’ve been writing poetry since the ’70′s but in a more serious and discipled way since 2001 when i bought my first computer and started posting online
I don't keep up with a ton of records, but I'll try to think of some:
I think this is especially true for parents in terms of raising our children. To give an example:
I grew up not knowing most of my family, I knew them by reputation only and their reputations proceeded them. So compelling were their reps that though I didn't even know them, still they had a great influence on me. They were always with me.... I had no faces to attach to them, scarcely any memories to go with them, only the stories. And the stories weren't many, but they were very intriguing! But my mom refused to talk about her family, so I didn't ask.
Most Envy-Inducing Plot (Or, the plot you wish you’d thought of yourself.): The Future of Us by Jay Asher and Carolyn Mackler.
Our whole family loves hearing Loreeana Mckennitt sing it.
14. 3 Degrees
Like what I said, the “headquarters” of the whole Chinatown is the Sinosphere (PRC, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan). The Chinese are almost everywhere in the world, and India is no exception. There are many people celebrating it, although Chinese or non-Chinese who have Chinese ancestry in them, or the purely non-Chinese.
I didn’t really like any of these people, I didn’t find the sex very erotic either, it generally was of the Tab A inserted into Slit B variant. None of the real/life problems and mechanics of a threesome were described.
I am now teaching 5-year-olds English in South Korea and just like my location, everything has changed. I have gone through a really big upheaval over the last couple months that have left me struggling with my identity.
The magazine has always succeeded in distilling the essence of a month's domestic subjects to their most beautiful and informative presentations. The May 2000 issue ranks as my favourite May issue of all time for its understanding of the mood and themes of the month in question and the inherent interests of its readers.
Mr Wilders said the judgement was an "attack on the freedom of expression". "Participation in the public debate has become a dangerous activity. If you give your opinion, you risk being prosecuted," he said. Not only he, but all Dutch citizens opposed to the "Islamisation" of their country would be on trial, Mr Wilders warned. "Who will stand up for our culture if I am silenced?" he added.
The FACTS are that several teams of contractors were walking the site and Mash Barn Lane TODAY. One resident asked the contractors what the were doing in the lane and they explained that they will be working on the proposed development of the strategic gap. The resident explained that their house deeds showed they owned a projection of their garden into the lane by some 1.5m. He was told by the contractor that if the Albion / Council wanted his land they would just take it!
Amazon uses HTTPS protocol, so you won’t be able to use many free proxy servers and virtual private networks (VPNs). But you can use freeware (adware) software for Windows called Hotspot Shield. It shows ads, but is is a free VPN software supporting HTTPS protocol.
One For The Money is a rare read -- a great intro into a kicking crime/humor series with a realistic heroin and some great laughs and surprises. I really enjoyed the freshness of this book, the way that it took a maybe "old" idea and made it new.
~~~~~T~~~~~
my words
Over the years, the clan included slave-owning farmers, Revolutionary War veterans, politicians, real estate developers, and one rather pioneering female historian, Gertrude Lefferts Vanderbilt, author of The Social History of Flatbush.
I was lucky enough to have FaceTime one more time with the kids that night. Larkin was excited (Patrick seemed pretty excited, too), but not only did KK give me big smiles, he stole the phone out of Patrick's hand and put it right up to his face. At one point, I'm pretty sure he was trying to feed the phone, but he was definitely trying to kiss and trying to see me as closely as possible...I loved it!
Reuben: Because he made us and he did all those things for us.
Be on the lookout ladies! There is a straight player in the house. Mike's expression closes out the conversation nicely, and to me this clearly says "He knows now". I've been bipped by a mutha-bippin' hustler!
So what makes this story so inspiring? Because this Cognac-loving mogul saved over 1,000 Jews from the horrors inflicted upon them by emptying his pockets, bank-accounts and soul into his mission. Because the hero had no history of being a hero.
Instead of joining in all of the celebrations at this year's Christmas parties, I decline the invitations because I am just not ready to do that right now.
Now the apostle was on board ship limping towards Rome. He was in familiar territory. He had gone over this region during his three apostolic journeys. He could look towards land and envisage his preaching in those cities such asLyciaand Pamphylia. Now as he had time on his hands he would thank God for the memories.
Before the stroke of 9.
BUT anyway, last night was like the realest night I’ve had in a minute. Every now and then a girl who is going through some shit where she feels unimportant, unattractive and unwanted, needs a night like last night to make her feel special and even if only for the night .. like the most beautiful woman in the room! x
F)Fashion
hole puncher
I have a soft spot for the word “hemisphere”. Ask me on another day and it may well be something else. There are lots of cool words out there
The real hard part is dealing with being imperfect. When we make a mistake, be it raising our voice, making a cutting comment, or making a judgment about our children's needs or wants, we let it consume us. We beat ourselves up, questioning not only our performance in the moment but our fitness as a parent altogether. We lose our ability to be objective about all of the amazing things we do each day, all of the things that create an environment of peace and harmony. We imagine nightmare scenarios about all of the ways we are damaging our children, and we place the blame squarely on our own shoulders, leading to remarkable bouts of self-doubt and feelings of unworthiness. But in doing so, we are forgetting two critical things.
Apart from borrowing from IAMS, it was necessary also to cater for both ETE and SAMS. This explains why there is a clear cut missiological component as well as a component catering for ecumenical theological education. We are extremely happy to say that all of this feeds into the journey embarked upon by ETE in its vision on A JOURNEY OF HOPE FOR AFRICA. At the September 2002 conference at the Lutheran Conference Centre in Kempton Park in South Africa, the call for a new vision of life for Africans and the world, from the Harare Covenant of Africans at the 8th Assembly of the WCC, was echoed. In Kempton Park theological education was seen to be a vital area for the preparation and equipment of much needed new leadership for African churches and for countries who will give shape to a better future for all in the continent. Kempton Park sounded a clear call for the continued contextualisation of theological education and the development of textbooks in Africa by Africans. More issues in and for theological education were identified at the Maputo Assembly of the AACC in December 2008 like economic justice and good governance, conflict resolution, peace building and reconciliation, health and education and the issues of spirituality, identity and unity.
I don't know, people, I'm just spitballing, here. Obviously the people decorating this house are whacked out of their skulls. Though, their whacked out-ness has been increasing in the last few years because they used to only do this with their decorations.
If you were a Scrapbooking product, what would you be?
through others and checking out awesome baked goods. The only problem is I now have a difficult time not wanting to bake and EAT everything I pin, and I can't stop pinning. Here are two things I have made so far, I’m sure it’ll be two of many to come.
I’ve also taken the bull by the horns and started on the synopsis for Climbing the 4th Wall, like, really started. I even went to the British Library, with only a pen and a notepad, to get away from life’s (read: internet’s) all distractions. And got pretty much written down. Now the story doesn’t seem so… whimsy anymore. There is still a few scenes that I’m unsure in which order they should go, and right now they’re written like a loop (1 happens before 2 and 2 happens before 1). Which is… not so good, because they need sorting out, seriously sorting out.
please email me before 26th October to claim your prize.
The 70 to 75 jobs added thanks to the investments have included supervisors, managers, brewers, bottlers, mechanics, forklift operators and quality control staff.
He had a reason to write, so he wrote. A duh moment for me.
"What—no—I mean—no. Don't stop." The air felt cool on her heated flesh as both men withdrew immediately, and Goldie panicked. They couldn't leave her like this. She was going to go up in flames if they didn't finish what they started. "Please—Jason."
Thank people.
I hope you will join me in celebration of my second Blogeversary.
Jordan Lyles HOU S 20
August 18, 2007
with smiles and roasted marshmallows!
So, back to the weather. It’s cold and wet and just about drizzling now. Yes, end of April and it’s raining. Weird, the weather in England. I’m fond of the rains, sans the creepy slimy worms and insects. Perfect for a snuggle-in with a good old book and a cuppa! I know, so much of a cliché. But come on, don’t we all like that? Or even better, get your colourful coats and umbrellas out and go jumping in little puddles! Oh the joy! Closest I can come to re-living my childhood. Unfortunately, the only thing I can do right now, is to get my ass working on my project, which is due in a couple of days. So I guess it is adios for now. Until next time!
Officers noticed a half-empty 40-once container of alcohol on the porch.
And I always feel warmer
First and foremost, a huge shout-out to President Obama for finally declaring his support for same-sex marriage. Civil unions are not good enough, Mr. President, and thank you for finally recognizing that separate is not equal. Like I once chanted during a demonstration, "Obama! Obama! Let mama marry mama!" (That was one of my faves.)
“Ezra arrives with a (former) squirrel.”
But we’re thankfully spared the details.
Freelance writers who get regular work are freelance writers who get knocked back and just bounce back with another idea, another angle, another attempt. There's no hocus pocus in it. Just an 'oh well, I'll try something different' approach, time and time again.
So in the first few days of detoxing, your liver is expelling all the toxins and junk that have built up over time. With the program I use, there are pills and a drink mix to help absorb the toxins & flush them from the system, but some little boogers still escape and float willy nilly in your system. Which is why I am now feeling so icky, until the majority of the filth is washed away and my liver is happy once again.
ladies, after getting all my pictures together
I love the narrative arc of this story: one can work at a normal job (Kooser worked in an insurance firm) and go on to be poet laureate of the U.S. I hang on tightly to those narratives when I must go to meetings that go from boring to combative to everyone being frustrated by our restrictions--all in the course of 2 hours.
I spent some time in cuba, yes but just some. But it wasn’t the time I’d mention if asked about one.
St Idesbald are abbey beers which bear a passing resemblance to Rochefort, but there's something else in there as well, slightly sweet that I couldn't put my toes on. Definitely a worthwhile alternative to the Trappistes.
One way I believe this can be better displayed is by offering BlackBerry Messenger to any device on Mobile Fusion – including Android and iOS. While some may say this would be RIM giving up their #1 tool that has been keeping them afloat for so long, I think this could be a good way to promote BlackBerry to business users who may have previously strayed from their BlackBerrys in favour of a newer device. Here’s how I think this can happen:
Between the twin bed, all my junk/stuff/treasures,
The first update was from Ann with Red Threads China who sent Jon Jon his package. We asked 10 questions that his Foster family answered.
So much, so much - and more to declare, Officer. Of course there are photographs but I haven’t even begun on them yet. These are the pictures in my head.
“They misspelled it,” I said with a shake of my head.
When I saw Mabel as she's now affectionately called, I did deliberate for a time wondering where on earth I would put her, what I would use her for, what colour would I paint her etc etc. I decided against her - walked to the car where hubby and the boys' were sat playing with various phones, electronic devices etc. Having already named Mabel in the shop, I explained my dilemma to them - their first question was 'who is Mabel?' followed by 'what do you want a trolley for?' Hubby already realises that there are some questions you just don't ask, and sometimes it's just easiest to say - 'get it, and think about it later'.
As the bedclothes flipped and flapped in the bright early breeze all her thoughts were headed towards bedtime and the heaven scent gift of a fresh, clean bed :))
I’d like to address each of the three causes for confusion.
The Easter bunny has been here and left some eggs on our blogs. Count the eggs on each blog (just for the 3 day hop) follow us on faceook and each blog and leave a sweet comment on all blogs. The one closest to the correct number of eggs will win a $20 gift coupon to your favorite svg file company. Leave your guess on the Super Paper Diva facebook page on friday evening.
And the new animal was pleased to be with Adam and Eve and he wagged his tail
Does anyone else have this problem? I can still see the benefit in buying quality items. I love my black blazer from Banana Republic and anticipate wearing it for years to come. It was quite expensive when I bought it, especially compared to thrift prices, but I wear it frequently, it's high quality, and it makes me feel put together.
The Desteni Haters are teaming up on You Tube and they have the Desteni Cult in their sights! Using a variety of weapons at their disposal, well except intelligence, wit and humility… and common sense… and a dash of understanding… and, oh, yeah… basic reading comprehension skills. They have created a virtue of hiding behind fake names to assert their “individuality.” Haahaahahahaa… oh, excuse me. I’m laughing so hard I can barely type.
A: Two. One to change it, and another to brag about the feat.
Nada's voice is stark and livid, but shows an adultness which completely sets it apart from the "poser" attitude of the stereotypical late-Nineties "loser". The sound mixes sombre jazz/blues atmospheres, acoustic timbres, and hints at some trip-hop solutions. Someway, it reminds of the extraordinary ambience of Serge Gainsbourg's "L'histoire de Melodie Nelson". There are many harsher "rock" grafts though, right with the alternation of coarse sounds and effected "psychedelic" passages which is typical of Italian alternative rock. A couple of tracks are a bit brighter nevertheless, and even feature some reggae influences or musical box sounds.
For that reason alone, I had voted for Grace Bonney's Design*Sponge for best over all design blog. After all, how can you not choose the person who really was the forefront of personal design blogging? She very nearly created the genre and inspired a thousand other blogs, mine included. Her Biz Ladies Meetups across the country were huge successes and showed that she was as interested in supporting women in business no matter how tiny.
Nirali Patel's fun story about a taco-eating Titan and a father's sacrifice took third place in the youngest age group of the Golden Sponge-stick Competition for 2011.
*Cardstock: PTI White
Today, L and I went out to our favourite diner for brunch. I also mailed the last two sets of presents for Lorena and Christie from my birthday challenge! Exciting!
But maybe there were a few differences…
Another example of a balancing prosecution I gave was where a case relating to a crime usually associated with one racial group (non-whites) is brought against members of a different race (whites). These cases are often brought on the basis of very questionable evidence merely because the level of publicity it will generate will mitigate against similar, genuine, prosecutions against members of other races, thus producing a balancing effect. If handled skilfully enough it can even tip the balance of perception far enough so that the wider public come to believe that the second racial group (whites) are primarily guilty, of what is in truth a majority non-white crime.
In 2008, Bo Guagua invited Jackie Chan to lecture at Oxford—and sang with him on stage at one point.
It is not wealth one asks for, but just enough to preserve one’s dignity, to work unhampered, to be generous, frank and independent. W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) Of Human Bondage, 1915
Hopefully this explains why some days I'm just not in a good mood. By the way, these officials aren't elected are are accountable to nobody.
The picture on the right are The Cross Eyed Cricket's The Cricket Collection's My Brother's Dragon. There are 3 charts from X's and Oh's, small dragon designs. Upper right is Shake It With Pride, Lower left is Wine Dragon and lower right is Share Your Heart.
I had fun working on this cake. Ah Girl couldn't resist this either. She has already made plans for her next next birthday.
It made no sense to keep the runt from an otherwise impressive litter, but Emily had a feeling. A strange, magical connection. And the little white whippet proved her right. Hope became Emily's star - a running phenomenon that showed her disappearing fanny to the fastest sighthounds in the country. But more, Hope became Emily's heart.
Hope you all enjoy this one!
in your footsteps.
In all, it was a great and very relaxing trip and I almost did not want to come back! I know we won't be able to take another road trip for a while with baby # 2 coming, but at least we can enjoy these memories for the next few months.
their mama is the most beautiful woman ever, and her house is to die for......
The search that brought you here has brought you to a safe place. It has brought you to a place where you will be heard. It has brought you to a jumping off point to a magnificent community full of people who get it. You can click on any blog link to the right and they will take you to someone else who will accept you and I am adding to this list almost all the time. You are part of a wonderful community that you never knew existed. Stay a while and get to know everyone. Once we get to know you, we will take every opportunity to remind you of just how great you are, Asperger’s and all. I promise. And I don’t break promises. I’m here for you. Just take my hand.
The Haven, My Haven, My Heaven.
Good morning, world. Happy Wake Up Time from California.
He adjusted his eyepiece and bent over his work. Repairs to such complex mechanisms were painstaking, precise work, requiring absolute concentration. Sometimes vital parts were broken, and had to be replaced. Sometimes it was more a matter of realignment; of getting the tick and the tock back in time.
So–even before I ran, the connections of these two high school friends made my first-ever trip to Philadelphia so comforting because of the common connections we share of our home town, our high school, shared experiences growing up, etc. Wait! There’s more! They both run! AND, they are adopted! They both understand running and understand adoption “stuff” in their own evolving ways. They understood that I was not there to site see in Philly, but to run a 1/2 marathon (my first) in honor of my birthmom and in honor of my long journey of searching, finding, and encountering pain.
I feel calm, peaceful and strong today. I no longer expect him to think or behave in a certain way. I accept him. Because I accept me.
It’s very unlike me to not try to be a superhero/control freak when it comes to the baby, completely OCD when it comes to tidying and putting away folded clothes, and manic about all the things that need cleaning and doing in the house. Even as I am typing, half my brain is feeling out of sorts because of the unfolded clothes and the messy things I haven’t neatened into straight lines.
8. The Shadow Of Your Smile
Usually tables or stands are provided where NGOs can place written material, to be taken home by interested participants for further study. These can be flyers or more extensive reports in the form of books. The practical circumstances vary, but if printed material exists, the OSCE events are good opportunities to get it into hands of relevant readers.
In considering the patent idea ranking, both from an employee effort perspective and a idea merit perspective, there is room for improvement. I suggest a way to move to a more democratic and meritcratic process may be to insert the social networking backbone of sites like digg.com into the searching or idea ranking process. In doing so the structure of such a system could have the following structure and benefits:
This salad was especially good, maybe just because the colors were so pretty. When roasting beets, I like to use balsamic vinegar. I think the sweetness + acidity goes well with this vegetable.
It’s been a music kind of day.
Askia nodded his head, leaned forward in his chair, and a big smile spread across his face. “Well, what took you so long? We’ve been here waiting for you.”
"So are we going to talk at all."
Another director I've been following with great attention during this past year is Howard Hawks, who has quickly ascended from an interesting director with many films I like to one of my absolute favorites. Twentieth Century, Scarface, Ball Of Fire, Monkey Business, and Gentlemen Prefer Blondes are a diverse, exciting variety of fantastic films, displaying Hawks' wide-ranging mastery of genre filmmaking. Even the films that I'd personally rank a little lower, like To Have and Have Not and Red River, or even the mostly unsatisfying I Was a Male War Bride, bear the unmistakable imprint of Hawks' genius. 2009 promises to start off with a bang for Hawks admirers: I'll be hosting the Early Hawks blog-a-thon starting on January 12 and running until January 23.
week food bloggers around the world photograph and write about their latest pasta creation… if it’s for breakfast, lunch or dinner; served hot or cold; spicy or sweet; from appetizers to mains to desserts, you’ll find it in the roundup published every Friday with links and photos to all the posts.
My first batch was watery and had a funky taste. It was so bad that the cat, who always finishes the leftovers in the bowl, walked away after one sniff.
The Dance Of The Eunuchs
I of course had tro bling out my cupcakes, I used some pearls, some glittery and sparkly gems on the holders. For the "cherry on top" feel, wanted to keep in the same color family, so I decide to use a large pearl brad on a silver base and added a filigree flower backing to give them a little more delicate feeling, maybe a little shabby chic...
2. It is relative.
Once the cake was baked and cooled, I started on the filling. I decided to do a decadent chocolate ganache, so I simply heated some heavy cream and then poured it over my dark chocolate, waited for the heat to melt it, and then stirred it up until the chocolate became smooth and glossy. Once the ganache came to room temperature, I whipped it until it became fluffy and light, and then piped it in between my layers of pink cake.
Why does the numbing agent they use last so incredibly long? My mouth remained numb for at least three hours after I was home. Causing me to mumble incoherently, and drool a little. Oh well, it provided my children with lots of giggles at mommy's expense.
When my mom used our middle names, we knew we were in trouble. Most of the time she would get confused as to who she was yelling at and I would normally get called, CheVickie, a mix of Cheryl, my sister’s name and mine. It didn’t matter, we ran, usually outside, where she couldn’t catch us. My nickname was also Cricket, because I was hyper and never sat still. So, I was fast.
"O no I just love the idea of streets building and places with no people in or around them"
When she posted this picture on Facebook in November I asked for ‘sister’ prices - and we worked out a deal…
A lot more love than dislike that's for sure.
Snakes have no legs. Another reason I don’t like them.
Gustavo is another engineer, and we had some very interesting discussions. Well those bits I understood anyway. He spoke no English and it was good to, at last, truly test my castillano. Engineering in Spanish is somewhat different to “dos cervesas por favour” yet some how we understood each other. His political views we shared as well, it seems not everyone in Argentina believes it is right to sell a company and then steal it back. Although we never got onto the Falklands issue. Repsol and Spain are neutral for me; I think The Falklands would be a bit too close to home. We exchanged emails and promised to get in touch next time I am here.
I’m the first one to tell people they should never allow how they feel about themselves to be put in the hands of others and yes I am a firm believer of that; however there are times when it’s a lot easier said than done. When you’re in a relationship that isn’t working, where he’s cheated or cheating, always in some shit with other females, and on top of that he doesn’t seem scared to lose you; you’re bound to feel less than beautiful because surely if he thought you were as beautiful as he made you feel in the early days, you wouldn’t have these problems right? Although that isn’t necessarily the case, that’s how it feels.
The Niagara Pro II is the next generation in professional-grade video streaming appliances. This appliance offers powerful processors and largest memory capacity, taking professional streaming to the next level. With its two independent channels, the Niagara Pro II allows you to capture SDI video and encode multiple full-resolution (D1) streams.
Ok…..lets finish Thursday and get on to the weekend! One more week until we go to Utopia. Have a great day everyone!
Anyone is welcome to join this insane scavenger hunt. As for the time of day the photos are to be posted, you'll have to figure out that one on your own - I'm still confused, but then I'm so easily confused. No worries, I be on Bahamian Time: When it reach.
Dr. Little’s research focuses on the controlled release of drugs. He holds the Bicentennial Board of Visitors Endowed Faculty Fellowship and also retains appointments in the McGowan Institute of Regenerative Medicine and in the Swanson School’s Department of Bioengineering. Recently, he was elected Chair of the Drug Delivery Special Interest Group in the Society for Biomaterials.
Below, I tried to get the large antique mirror that is in my foyer in the shot, as I don't think I have ever shown it to you. I bought it just before we built our house 8 years ago...it was my first attempt at "adding character" to our new home...
So puff pastry. Tons of layers, tons of butter. But who has time to fold and turn, fold and turn, fold and turn?! That's where blitz puff pastry comes in. It doesn't quite rise as much as regular puff pastry, but it rises enough for presentation, and it's a whole lot quicker! Let's get to it!
It was inspired by her grandparents, Lucia and Carlo, and highlights the immigrant experience in America at the turn of the century. If you're a sucker for historical fiction like I am, you'll love this book!
Nichols has been studying the effects of psychedelic drugs on the brain’s chemistrysince 1969 and found that LSD may be used as a molecular tool to help understand the functions of the brain and decipher the mechanism of the appearance of emotions, which could assist in the treatment of certain mental disorders such as depression.
1) Add one or more words (short words work best) to your word list
This is an ink & watercolor drawing I did on the 27th of April 2012.
Mister X performs miniature magic shows that will lock that special event in the minds of the guests. He is an expert at creating unique innovative magical effects that are designed especially for your needs. Mister X (Bob Bishop) creates Memorable Moments in Magic by:
Read a memoir or narrative nonfiction book. (Examples: Friday Night Lights, When the Game Stands Tall, The Devil in the White City, etc.)
What happens when you perceive that the lifestyle you bought into is slipping away, the beautiful common areas are in disarray and assessment increases are cutting into your pocketbook? What the Developer sold you is not what the building now “feels” like.
your turn - can we get over 50 this week???
So that’s the goals recap for April. Not the worst showing on earth. I think I’m on my way to some good new habits and I think I’ll do my best to keep up with them. It’ll be interesting to see what May has to offer. But, that’s another post for another time (that time being about 10 minutes from now…)
I started feeling like my throat was swelling. Then I started getting itchy bumps on my lips. I told my dad (who thankfully is a doctor) that I thought I was getting strep throat. He immediately knew what was going on and closed out our check. We went to the pharmacy, and I doped up on Benadryl. By the time we got back to our hotel, I was covered in hives, wheezing, and throwing up. I remember saying that I wouldn't even wish this on my worst enemy. It was that bad! The Benadryl kicked in eventually, and my inhaler was my best friend that night. By the morning, I was pretty much back to normal (except for the hangover from all the Benadryl).
this year we have to get more creative:
2) Write and submit one or more short stories for the first time. - This is my basic "Write 1/Sub 1" goal for this year; at least one a month.
- Essential actions for publishers.
Viscount Swinton. Might consider Cttee. on social aspects, alone.
SAN FRANCISCO (KGO) –
“The International Criminal Court issued arrest warrants on 8 July and 27 September 2005 against Joseph Kony, his deputy Vincent Otti, and LRA commanders Raska Lukwiya, Okot Odhiambo and Dominic Ongwen. The five LRA leaders were charged with crimes against humanity and war crimes, including murder, rape, sexual slavery, and enlisting of children as combatants. The warrants were filed under seal; public redacted versions were released on 13 October 2005.”
'How not?' * queried Tartarus.
Of course, a visible spiritual life is not of itself bad. Paul wrote to the Corinthians and said:
I found this recipe in a fun cookbook/memoir A Homemade Life by Molly Wizenberg who also food blogs at Orangette. I loved her book. It was full of funny family stories, mostly centering around food, and then each short chapter ended with a recipe or two. As I was reading it I kept feeling so in sync with Molly. There were so many stories I could relate to or just thought were hysterical. I wish we could be friends. Based on her book, I think we have a lot in common. She said she avoided these balls for years and years and then one year made them and ever since they've been a holiday must-do!
If you’re watching someone do a live shooting of an Elephant and a Ballerina being lit up by about 10 Nikon SB flashes, it can only be Joe McNally.
RANGER CREEK BREWING AND DISTILLING Strawberry Milk Stout
A little Corn flour mixed with water
Yup, already frustrated. I did more work on the car today. We jacked up the car and put it up on ramps. After putting it up on ramps, I decided to go and clean out the trunk of the 88. I swapped out the spare tire from the 87. The “floor board” in the truck on the 88 got ruined so I put in the one from the 87. I vacuumed out the junk and dirt. I found a penny, a wrench, a screw driver besides all the stuff for the jack, which I swapped out for the one from the 87 as well.
I knew Freddy for three weeks as we exchanged emails. I learned of his early days in the army, his regard for schnitzel and hot-cross buns, his truck stop pandering edited I suppose for an unsuspecting sot such as I. I read his blog filled with factories and wide-open roads, love stories that lasted an hour. I read backward and forward, and the line between what he addressed to me v. internetland was nebulous. There were gaps, a big one spanning two decades. A marriage gap…why did it end? Freddy broke bones when he was young, a violent streak, did he bust Mabel’s jaw? Pop her in the eye for smothering his T-bone with greasy fried onion?
so that her heat
"Stressed is it in this dawn to be alive".
I've got a couple of bottles of the 'TADIPA' and will post my full thoughts later.
lime cut in half
PZ Myers has some actual numbers on roughly how much energy the Earth would need to be provided with to account for the increasing complexity of evolution, and the actual energy it’s provided with by the Sun. Guess which one’s bigger.
Prayers for Bobby (Please share this movie with others who do not accept their gay children)
He believes enemies of the Church take advantage of the situation. This was the case when the identities of clerics who collaborated with the Polish secret police were revealed during the communist regime. And it is still the case today, in relation to homosexuality, which according to him is “omnipresent”. There are dioceses, Fr. Tadeusz wrote, in which everyone has such tendencies, from ordinary bishops to housekeepers. But no names are given; everyone knows who they are anyway. It is the same in the Vatican – because “the situation worsens the higher up you go” – where there is a strong gay lobby that guarantees the careers of its members, the author says.
Of course, by the time they discovered this, Chet had already gone off to Florida to enjoy his retirement, having handled the reins to his son who was mayor now. So the son was run out of town, the well closed and sealed and Chet's off drinking pina coladas in Florida while I, who drank eighty cups of Crestwood contaminated coffee every day, examine my bald spot to try and determine if my hair loss is genetic or something that vinyl chloride had a hand in.
Omura M, Romero Y, Zhao M, Inoue N. Histopathological changes of testis of rats caused by subcutaneous injection of 2-bromopropane. J Occup Health 1997; 39: 234-239.
How large is large? Well, when it rises on May 20th on the East Coast of the U.S. it will be right near it’s minimum distance of 221,457 miles and will show a disc of roughly maximum size – about 33′ 30″ in diameter.
Connie and Gary Clooney didn’t have children after twenty years of marriage. They came to accept the fact that Connie was barren. The thought of living out their lives without the pitter-patter of little feet was difficult for them to deal with. Because they both had come from large families, they both wanted to have several children. Being the only people on the mountain who didn’t have a house full of kids, was rough. Nevertheless, Connie and Gary didn’t see any chance of them having children, especially since Connie had entered the change of life.
“What’s the problem, sir?”
I was tired and irritated. The children were half-helping; you know the scenario - walking like zombies, suddenly needing to go to the bathroom, disappearing for several minutes…I was disgusted. We needed to get things back in order, and no one seemed as concerned about it as me. By the time we were finished cleaning I had managed to anger just about everyone, and we went to bed having accomplished little. Even my beloved said, "You really ticked me off". Oy.
Wed-AM: 2:34, 5800' ~ Mt. Ngauruhoe & Mt. Tongariro, NZ
Every November the brave men of Thisby participate in a bloody rush of an ocean-side horse race called: The Scorpio Races. Legendary Capaill Uisce – water horses – begin to rise from the waves off the Island of Thisby in the early fall. A Celtic legend in itself, Thisby is the only Island where the horses still appear; the only Island that still holds true to the superstition and magic that – at times – can control these wild animals.
Thursday afternoon was pretty much like any other day at my house. Until my husband woke up at 4pm and confessed to me that he had some chest pain, and that it had been going on for about a week. But that the previous night at work he had a pretty terrible "episode" which lasted a few minutes and scared both him and the co-worker who was there at the time. The only reason he told me anything at all was that it had gotten to the point where he felt he needed to see a doctor about it and he asked me to call and make an appointment.
800-288-0920
I'd like you to use a suitcase in any way you like on your card
After emperor and princes remember that, by God’s commandment, they owe their subjects this protection, they should be exhorted not to be presumptuous and undertake this work defiantly, or in reliance on their own might or planning; for there are many princes who say, “I have right and authority, therefore I will do it!” Then they pitch in, with pride and boasting of their might, and meet defeat at last; for if they did not feel their power, the matter of right would have small enough effect on them, as is proved in other cases, in which they pay no heed to right. It is not enough, then, for you to know that God has committed this or that to you; you should also do it with fear and humility, for God commands no one to do anything by his own wisdom or strength, but He, too, will have a part in it and be feared. Nay, He will do it through us, and will therefore have us pray to Him, and not become presumptuous or forget His help, as the Psalter says, “The Lord hath pleasure in those that fear Him and wait for His kindness.” Otherwise we should persuade ourselves that we could do things and did not need God’s help, and take to ourselves the victory and the honor that belong to Him.
And because of that… I was notdependent upon God.
The new characters that were introduced
Week Three:
Spurs were third back then, Redknapp had returned to the dugout to oversee a 5-0 demolition of Newcastle and things were looking rosier than his Monaco bank account for the man who ticked every box for the populist choice as Capello’s succesor. Redknapp was a peerless motivator they cried, he had by consensus, Tottenham over-acheiving playing a superbly entertaining brand of football for a modest cost but most importantly he was English (a rare commodity considering there are only 4 English managers at clubs outside of the bottom three in the Premier League) and the “INNOCENT” verdict that reverberated around Southwark that morning sounded like the knell for an immediate pursuit of Redknapp by the FA board as they searched for a man to survey Capello’s wreckage and re-build a respectable abode in time for the fast-approaching European Championships.
Maybe that’s an indication—the force with which I’ve fought for my life is an indication that I think there’s something worth fighting for. That at the bottom of the person wracked with serious depression, who spends so much of his time fantasizing about suicide and death, is a desire for life, a pure, beautiful life free of pain, where every second is not a fucking struggle and every sound is not a jarring noise, where the Other comes to me with love, not a desire to crush me and hurt me.
We designed Ken's Portraits into our design plan...We wanted Ken's work to be the center focus, but still give the client the feel that she was in a living room. That way, the client gets an idea of what the portrait will look like in her own home.
“And Then I Discovered Hulu”
The Filipinos were very close to having run the Spanish out by the time America arrived on the scene. The revolution began in 1896 when revolutionaries including the popular Emilio Aguinaldo began to fight the Spanish, scoring early victories. By August of 1897, the fighting looked to be going nowhere and armistice negotiations were opened between the governor-general and Aguinaldo. By December of that year, an agreement was struck where Aguinaldo was paid to leave the country, retreating to Hong Kong and asking his countrymen to lay down their arms. In April of the next year, just four months later - and the details are murky on this - Admiral Dewey communicated with Aguinaldo via American Consuls in Hong Kong that if he would take up arms once again that the U.S. would recognize Philippine independence with Spain overthrown. The U.S. consuls and Dewey would later repudiate that this was the case. On May 1st, Dewey defeated the Spanish fleet at Manila Bay in a matter of hours, similar to how the fleet in Cuba went down quickly. Dewey arranged for the transport of Aguinaldo back to the Philippines, and, by June, rebel forces had captured the entire territory with the exception of the walled fortress in Intramuros within Manila and turned over 15,000 Spanish prisoners to the United States. On June 12, Aguinaldo proclaimed Philippine independence. The friendship between the Filipinos and America was greatly injured, though, when the Spanish made a deal (not knowing that the day previous on the other side of the world Spain and America had agreed to cease hostilities) to allow the Americans to take Manila in a mock battle and saving face from being defeated by islanders by specifically disallowing the guerrillas from entering the vanquished city. Wiki sez:
However, the quality of the editing of the package would indicate that this was indeed a professional and carefully executed attempt to put the authorities in Malaysia in a better light. If so, the exposure of such manipulation is likely to seriously backfire on both the reputation of Astro and international standing of BN.
Yazmir explained, “It’s not personal; it’s business.”
The bigger labels are supermarkets, I like to think of Island as a very classy delicatessen. Chris Blackwell.
Actually, LTYM was huge fun for me, and ham that I am (isn't that what Moses said? Ham that I am? Or maybe it was Dr. Seuss, who sounds a lot like Blythe Jewell, by the way—though Blythe is much prettier, with a lollipop in her hair and potty words in her mouth—this would all be clear to you if you'd been at the show!), I've decided I need a new career in public speaking. If only I had some real wisdom to impart that people would pay to hear while refraining from throwing things. I would so dig it.
Now let’s revisit simplicity…
27 01 2009
My baby sisters don’t remember a world without internet. They have a world where FaceBook controls every thing they do.
“I criticised the organisers of Bersih 3.0 when they refused to accept Merdeka Stadium as an alternative site, after the mayor of Kuala Lumpur, with the authority of our courts, declared that Dataran Merdeka was out of bounds and violators of the court order would be breaking the law.
In conclusion: JJS’s Pulphead: Essays is a fine collection that I’m glad I took the time to read. However, I’m not sure I’ll read any of his essays again, save for one or two. It’s great journalism, that’s for sure, but it lacks the probing profundity of DFW’s essays. If anything, I’ll keep my eyes out for future magazine articles by JJS.
I guess I have to be grateful that he was only observing and that she didn't ask him to do the Pap smear for practice.
Masculinity seen as the essence of black man.
What will it take to get your heart back?
In a 1965 debate Cyril Osborne, who had begun his campaign against mass immigration in 1954, said:” Our children and our grandchildren will curse us for our moral cowardice. The conflict these great men foresaw has arrived.
It remains to see whether this is going to stand. The Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party had a second candidate ready in the wings, Mohamed Morsi. And the Salifis have Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh. But a change at this point obviously hurts both candidates, the Islamists and Salafis are livid and it remains to be seen whether the military junta is going to be able to pull this switcheroo off.
At least this gives me an excuse to pawn off another soup recipe on you lovely ladies. This one is a slight deviation of the recipe courtesy of Taste of Home. Super easy and quite tasty!
Towards the end of our stay in Saturn, Karl started to miss Bimby. Not really Bimby the person but more how Karl and Bimby would just fall asleep in their couch while all over each other once 3 or 4 a.m. comes. Karl and CB were not in that league as of yet. I guess Karl misses more what Bimby was able to provide rather than Bimby the person himself. Bimby was a flirt, he initiated physical contact and was an active texter at the start of their involvement. CB is none of the above. CB is young, not a flirt, doesn’t initiate physical contact and doesn’t text every day.
“Stop!” I begged with my hands over my ears. The girls blithely ignored me, much too used to my timid nature to pay it any attention.
Lauren Scott (Reese Witherspoon) and her supposedly hilarious best bud (or sister, who knows) Trish (Chelsea Handler) spend their entire time together talking about men. They have a lot of screen time, so there’s a lot of man-talk. This relieved me, because I was worried that a woman who has several kids, and another woman who runs a very successful business, may have something other than men to discuss. They spend all of their time talking about Lauren’s love life, which involves dating two men at once.
Note: I received a review copy of this book from the publisher, but was under no obligation to post a review. My comments, as always, are my own.
Really?
Roxanne Green was – for a time – the bane of my existence. I ate, slept and breathed thoughts of her for the greater part of a year, right up until the day she made one tiny – fateful – mistake. One afternoon – perhaps bored with my noncommittal responses to her constant taunting – she turned her beady little, bullying gaze towards my little sister. Often in my life (particularly in my young life) I have only found my own strength when faced with someone else’s well being – most often with my siblings – and this was one of those moments. The second that Roxanne turned her attention on my sister I turned into a wild thing. I threw myself at the poor girl; scrawny arms flailing, feet kicking, claws clawing, teeth chomping… the works. I toppled her over and kept pulling on her brillo pad of a hairdo until clumps of the frizzy mess littered the alleyway. The poor girl was shrieking and crying so loud that the old lady in the nearest house came rushing – if hobbling with a walker can be called rushing – to her defence.
4/24/2012
and hold you and your family in my heart.
5. Lead yourself. It’s important that leaders have the ability to focus and motivate themselves as they motivate others. In fact, without this ability securely fastened in your own life, you cannot be a truly effective leader of others. I believe we really do lead by example. It is vitally important that we have a handle on the leadership of ourselves so that we have a positive, strong and trustworthy example for those we lead. Leaders know that while some people can be considered “natural born leaders,” most have to learn the art. Therefore, effective leaders seek opportunities for personal growth. They seek out books to read, seminars they can attend or personal coaches to foster their growth. Leaders never stop learning for their benefit and the benefit of those they serve. Leadership is an exciting thing. It can be the most joyous and personally fulfilling work you do. It is my hope that you find these tips helpful along your journey.
Anyway, Nelly and Luke did not work out; he’s a druggie DJ, she’s a Republican. Nelly and I are still friends (yay sisterhood).
Sadly not like the song…more like out of the blue fever which brought headache and grossness with it…not the way I planned on spending my weekend.
At least an area around Seattle in Washington state has been mapped since the multiple Fukushima meltdowns. Data was collected in July 2011, and the comprehensive reports were released in December 2011. They’re quite interesting:
Here were the signs:
Where the freshest idea can be reasoned with
Grilled Tilapia ingredients:
I had been so ready for it, when they came home, in 2008. Ready to watch and listen, and ready to love and ready to advise, and ready to recommend. I tried to give them space, but prod, under the radar. Were they ok? Were there counselors? Were those that were struggling ostracized? It's ok, you know...it's ok for all of that shit in Iraq not to settle within you.
over me
I took time to have a chat to referee John Hitchen, and jot down the line-ups. Mr Hitchen explained how a dictat from the league has been issued stating that the line-ups on the sheet have to exactly match the shirts worn by the players. That one was scotched very quickly as neither sides matched at all! The respective benches helped but in the case of Oakley that proved to be difficult as no-one seemed to know anybody else! They don’t seem to have this problem in the North Berkshire League.
J: April Showers or May Flowers.
Anyway, I'm going to stop rambling and leave you with the title track from Kate Miller-Heidke's new album :) see you soon.
Fourthly, there was some surprise at what the CBI included within the term “macroeconomic” – property prices for example – but at the same time ignored traditionally macroeconomic parameters like interest rates. With commentators scrying through the cryptic pronouncements of ECB chief Jean-Claude Trichet they seem to think that ECB rates are to rise imminently to combat German inflationary pressures – remember Germany’s economy grew by 3.6% last year and is projected to grow 2.4% in 2011 (GDP) and is expected to have inflation of 2.2% for 2011. Other economies in Europe have also emerged from recession and are growing with the following EU-forecast growth in GDP in 2011 –, France (1.7%), Italy (1.1%), Netherlands (1.7%) and Spain (0.8%) and outside the EuroZone UK (2%), Poland (4.1%). Even according to the latest EU forecast for Ireland, our GDP will grow by 0.9% in 2011. So changes to ECB rates are probable and of course banks may need increase their own rates regardless of the ECB. It was indeed surprising that the CBI omitted interest rate projections from its macroeconomic parameters.
Patterns: Try a preppy plaid or a sensible stripe to downplay frills, feathers, florals, and other flashy finishes. The contrast of a conservative pattern against a flamboyant one makes for an interesting look.
* He frequently misunderstands spoken directions, and has problems following even simple orders at times. He often forgets instructions.
Representation in the claims of ‘realist’ fiction, is a kind of product
Playing around with old formats in new material, and vice-versa. There are a few more pieces of works in progress on the worktable - you know how I get bored with making one earring and have to come back to making the other side in a couple of days.
The website featuring their skirt purchasing options has over 100 items in which the kneecaps of the model’s are completely airbrushed out, or are cleverly obscured so only a hint of curvature is detectable. These photos atrocity is compounded by the fact that they list the model’s measurements, as a very ineffective and pernicious piece of sizing guidance.
(a) Greece, Portugal and Ireland’s debts were reduced rather than completely forgiven; and
Oh, and let's talk toppings. In the morning, I top my chilled custards.
Tell me that's not God.
I am delighted that the Media Bureau is requesting comment on a petition seeking elimination of the commission’s rules that prohibit multichannel video programming distributors from carrying a sporting event in a community if it is blacked out by the local broadcast station.
“Impunity is insidious. It eats at our reverence for life until we become numb to violence and inured to death. It tears at the very fabric of society by showing us that life is cheap, that fighting for justice is dangerous, and that those who kill in the name of the State are a law unto themselves,” said Jose Manuel Diokno, human rights lawyer.
This is highlighted by the severe mortality rate of the disease, which has killed more than 1 in every 2 people that it infected. Paul Keim, chair of the National Science Advisory Board for Biosecurity, explained how volatile of a weapon the mutated bird flu could become:
This week I want to hold myself to only one sweet treat after lunch and dinner (because claiming I'd only eat one a day is just silly, there are too many in my house still right now). I also want to make sure I only skip a workout on Thursday and maybe Saturday. Lastly I NEED to drink at least 72+ ounces of water each day to flush all this junk out of my system.
Here is the Canadian criteria straight from the Canadian Immigration website
"Happiness is not a final destination." You don't get there and stay there forever. But happiness signals to us that we are on the right track. We can get happiness from being productive, from being with friends, from feeling secure, and from feeling relief (amongst others).
The blog police is very active around the track at the Park Slope Armory and I got a citation from them last week. Even though the strongest complaint was about the missing post: NYCM Report Part 4 and I'm missing five more reports from races I've done since, I'll risk a more serious summons and skip ahead to the Superbowl, or rather the NYRR Gridiron Classic 4M.
for touching my curtains
'Your punishment for stepping on a duck is to
used GAYLES sketch over on :~
Locked and loaded,
All homoerotic japery aside, these are fearsomely gorgeous devices. However, as you’ve probably gathered I’m not the biggest fan of the man depicted above or the insidious evil his fruity empire has wrought upon the digital landscape. Jokes about apples and the Garden of Eden almost write themselves…but just in case they require assistance:
Seriously though, I don't think I've ever wanted to win a prize more. The winners will be going to the Creative Escape convention in Arizona next month. Not only is that a wonderful trip, but I would have gotten a break. I haven't had a break from my children (that I love dearly) since Noah was born 25 months ago. And a scrapbooking trip training with some of the top names in the industry?? Let's just say I was literally dreaming about this trip! LOL
and there will be 2 winners , one Memory box die each!
That implied that blacks have separated themselves into a caste kaffir 'system' and do not view themselves as all being 'kaffirs'. Others may have a different reading but that is also a subject for another day.
Happy Hump Day Y'all!
For all of you that have been wondering, Baby Spud (our nickname for our third, still-in-utero child) is still taking up residence inside his or her Mumma. My due date is officially November 25th, but both Feistygirl and Funnyboy were early (10 days, and 18 days, respectively), so I'm feeling like its going to be any minute now. The head is veeerry low and deep, and I am as big as a planet.
Good enough is good enough
I had to climb out
Toast the walnuts in a 350 oven for about 10 minutes, and put 75 g in a food processor with 60 g of the sugar and the cornstarch. Process to a fine grind.
Fifty Fifty Brewing Truckee Donner Party Porter Porter weak body
In order to do this I’m going to have a look at an example and see how culture and cultural difference affects the characters and the stories. In order to do this we’ll be looking at Paolo Bacigalupi’s Windup Girl.
Ads like this make the light bulb go on in the viewers head. In comparison, all the car stuff out there now is shit, because in spite of the millions spent on it… It’s still shit.
Me: No, still haven’t. I wrote a blog post about it, though.
So, if you’re a Vanguard fan and you haven’t yet picked up Storming Heaven…what the hell are you waiting for? If you’ve not yet sampled this series, but have a love of the original Star Trek in particular, then I invite you to sample the series’ first novel, Harbinger, and take a gander at what you’ve been missing.
Not for: The reader who wants lots of action and quick plots. As a classic it can be a bit of a slow read and very descriptive.
He let my hands go moved his hands to my shoulders and gently pushed me back so he could see my face. He made me look at him and everything.
‘Euro zone members agreed to a treaty that requires stricter fiscal discipline, but efforts to get unanimity among the members of the European Union failed….Twenty years after the Maastricht Treaty, which was designed not just to integrate Europe but to contain the might of a united Germany, Berlin had effectively united Europe under its control, with Britain all but shut out. .’ (New York Times)
- On low speed, add the icing sugar. Beat until well incorporated.
Pavement
12:00: With further reference to Climategate (whether one is a climate sceptic or not), Towler concludes by stating that people are beginning to wake up and object to authoritarianism and sloppy science to enforce prohibitions.
Then: ‘Minerva?’
Psalm 37:24-25 When he falls, he will not be hurled headlong, because the Lord is the One who holds his hand. I have been young and now I am old, yet I have not seen the righteous forsaken or His descendants begging bread.
Each time it looked like it was going to slow down I said an affirmation about traffic flowing freely where I needed to go and it just would!
I would add the profession of teaching to his list (and Bogle does include that in his list on the previous page). My concern is that when we take the analogy of "student as customer" too far, when we talk about running "schools as a business" and "efficiencies" and "bottom-lines," we run this risk:
On the other hand whatever we declare as our life conditions, we will reap! So if you accept that you are vulnerable, then you are accepting risk of inviting danger into your life.
So as the evening draws to a close, it has become time to complete the weekly top-up of my individual vitamin containers. All of the vitamins, supplements and minerals that I take are all specifically named somewhere, by someone, to be of benefit to an individual that has MS.
But, the good news is, I woke up real chipper this morning and I am feeling pretty goddamn great about things now. So, hello again! JK everything totally does rule!
BSM w V PH KIA
Following up on last week's basement family room before & afters, today, I'll show you the basement bathroom. Although we had planned to only do cosmetic fixes to this room (full renovation was not originally in the budget).... it turned out that a complete gut job was necessary. In the end, it was so nice to have a fully renovated bathroom - but, the unanticipated expense certainly caused a few moments of stress!
“Things are different now.”
The Utah vs. BYU game on the other hand caused much anxiety, especially for Nick who couldn't stand to watch the Utes as they continually failed to get the ball into the endzone. In the second half, the Utes finally attempted to buckle down and actually play the game. Somehow, someway, the Utes pulled it out in the end and won 17-16 making it a fantastic college football weekend in the Mecham and Bell households.
My necklace designed last October exclusively for John Bead Corporation to be featured on JTV/Jewel School during a special sales event of amazing Czech glass kits of beads was brought back to the spotlight by Bead Style...another chance to highlight my design work and the beauty of Czech glass donut beads seen from a different angle.
2 cups beef stock
This sister and brother-in-law would both give their shirt off their back to help someone else in a time of need. It is only right to do our part to "give back", even if it's just a little.
denmark has had kings and queens for over a thousand years, so that means that there are castles around. the danes never had ostentatious castles on the scale of the english or the russians, but there is one famous castle in particular--kronborg. it's famous as the hamlet castle, because after all, hamlet was a danish prince.
i just realised, i need to either make dinner reservations...or see what's in the fridge!!!
How I get the years jumbled when it comes to my neighbor Franco whom my grand-mother thought highly of. He was a few years older and real big compared to skinny me and started touching me sexually on occasions. I was an extremely shy and withdrawn person and I didn't push him away. I don't know what I was thinking, maybe I liked the attention.
Ok, this posting is already waaay longer than I intended and I have only listed a few recipes and a few blogs. I knew that would happen. I hope you have not fallen asleep! Guess I will have to do another post later and include some of my other favorite things.
((((((((((((((((((insert dreamy music and wavy visuals here))))))))))))))))))
Everyone has secrets: love affairs, substance-abuse problems, mental-health diagnoses, heterodox sexual preferences, or questionable discussions with accountants. In a strong civil society, these personal matters properly remain private. In a surveillance society, they become leverage.
I had forgotten that my polyvore automatically updates to Blogger, but even so I hope some of you enjoyed the recent deluge of polyvore sets. I wanted to try the same lolita + zodiac idea that Aly employed on her blog Miss Lumpy, except that I was going for a more gothic aesthetic (as I'm sure you gathered). I'm better at creating art sets than the strictly fashion ones, so they aren't literally lolita, but I'm quite proud of them, even so.
Against Iraq, Yugoslavia and Libya the embargo was working differently from the “Cocom”. It was not only the Western capitals putting economic pressure on odious states, the United States and its allies succeeded in convincing the whole UN Security Council to sanction Iraq, Yugoslavia and Libya. In August 1990 Iraq was put under a total trade and financial embargo under the pretext of its invasion of Kuwait some days before. The sanctions were lifted after Saddam Hussein had been captured in 2003. One year later, in 1992, the UN Security Council asked all member states to sanction Yugoslavia and Libya. In the case of Yugoslavia the argument for these sanctions was that the Yugoslav army actively took part in the civil war. In the case of Libya the bomb explosion of the Pan Am flight over Lockerbie served as a pretext to sanction the country. An interesting remark has to be noted: Libyan oil was too important for European states to cut themselves from the flow, so the oil-business was excluded from the UN-embargo. The sanctions against Yugoslavia were lifted after Milosevic lost its power, the lifting of the sanctions against Libya occurred when Gaddafi compensated the families of the victims of the Pan Am flight in 2003.
Maybe a professional policeman, like the ones in London, would have marched right back to the Tombs and delivered her for questioning even though he was off shift. It’s possible. Maybe a professional policeman would have rushed her to a doctor. I don’t know. It ought to be clear by now that there wasn’t much in the way of professional policemen in New York City. But even if there had been, I was through with them for good and all. Aidan Rafferty was being buried by that time, so was his mother at the Tombs in another sense; I was a man used to pouring gin in a glass for double the money, and the copper stars could go hang themselves.
So there it is: Shareology loves the Honeywell Women’s Council. That three-year experience was a key building block; in fact, after her HWC term, Shareology had so much spare time on her hands, that she decided to “take a few courses….” Well, dear readers, before you know it, Shareology was back in academia, beginning her MBA road.
-Or she might just not be looking for me
Let me just say service means everything to me and Brad was great. He was really into making sure we made the right meat choices. And started us out by giving us samples of everything including the sides. He patiently told us what each thing was and asked what we thought. He was a knowledgeable and really personable guide. We decided on the moist brisket, St Louis Ribs (based on Brad's rec), creamed corn, coleslaw and pinto beans. Unfortunately the St Louis ribs were sold out and so we went with the baby back ribs. After filling out our massive order of food, Brad topped it off with what had to be half a loaf of white bread.
try again even as I cry again…..
Abit of an unexpected collaboration,
Just as there aren’t any issues with teacher explanations as long as they are good ones, there are no issues with teacher talk time as long as they are good quality ones.
The last three nights have been particularly bad. The last week or so actually, but for the last three nights I couldn't bear it any more and so I took a Normison (tempazepam - sleeping tablet) each night. The relief was almost instant. I've slept better than I have in months because it helped with my night time anxiety which leaves me clenching my jaw through the night and has me waking up with headaches every morning. My dreams were all anxious ones as usual but at least I my body was too relaxed by the benzo to move as much as I normally do.
Side events
Oh, the path leads to the sun. Brother, sister, time has come.
I felt complete
Paul: Never! Liberty!
A: Lulu is the real tiger mom in the morning. I’d sleep through lunch every day if she didn’t drag me out of bed.
'Nothing. Just wondering about another beer, Bea.'
Vout suggests that this statue, which has the pose of Apollon Lykeios, also has some elements of Dionysos and Asklepios in it, and therefore that it all might add up to an identification with the local god Echmoun. (Also, its position in the baths of Hadrian, looking downward into a pool, has a set of imagery that suggests Narcissus; and the pose is not only also reminiscent of Narcissus, but she suggests could further allude to Endymion, Hylas, Hyakinthos, or even Hermaphroditus!) Echmoun was the principal deity of the Phoenician city of Sidon, which is where the colony of Leptis Magna was founded from. Various accounts state that Echmoun was the eighth son (with no mother) from a Phoenician god perhaps identified with the Dioskouroi or Apollon, and his very name means “eighth.” In the Apollonian versions, Echmoun is either syncretized as his son Asklepios, or considered a further son of Apollon. In later versions of his myth, he is a hunter and considered similar to Adonis, and in some versions, he is said to have been in love with Astronoe (a goddess syncretized to Astarte or Aphrodite), and to have castrated himself for her in the same way that Attis did for Cybele; but, she brought him back to life and made him a healer with the warmth of her own body. Coins from the reign of Elagabulus in the third century show Echmoun as a youthful, beardless and beautiful ephebe, very much like Antinous.
The biggest problem with this item is that it’s too good. It’s too damn comfortable. I mean, look at the thing. It comes with a canopy, shock absorbers on it’s giant, monster truck wheels, padded seats, and dual airbags. Geez, add two cup holders and a couple of mai tais to the thing and would you leave? No. What you’re doing here is creating an incredibly fit mommy, as she pushes this Stroller-SUV up a mountain, and a very lazy baby. If you’re outfitted with one of these as a child, I’m guessing there’s a smooth transition right into one of these…with no walking in-between.
The worst of it all is that not only does central government turn a blind eye to the abuses – with the Ministry of Justice well aware of the bailiff situation – it has also released the constraints on local authority revenue generation, allowing the unrestrained "dash for cash" that we began to notice earlier.
In the last two years, Lee had spent many hours by her bedside, reading from her well-thumbed copies of English poetry and novels and telling her about his day.
Possibly?
Prep work the night before: Soak rice.
Finally, the pooja ended. The panditji had chanted everything in a foreign language, which probably belonged to the BCs and ADs.Everyone got up and I think I heard a collective sigh of relief.
-Thomas Watson
2 liters of whole milk
“Instead of engaging and accommodating the middle ground, Najib has ceded it to Pakatan. He failed to implement policies to accommodate the fence sitters.
And to our children let their memory pass,
Armed Forces Casualty Assistance Readiness Enhancement System, March 2007. Electronic system for tracking the progress of a casualty through the system. General order of flow: Initial Contact - Initial Visit - Interment - Disposition of Benefits - Disposition of Personal Effects - Disposition of Investigative Reports - Case After Action Report
dining table and chairs give it a more country and cottage
As a primary parental unit, I don't get to see many grown up fillums. "Fucking diddums", I hear you snark. And rightly so. Who needs 'em? I have a ready-made solution in the form of the weekly Mark Kermode podcast which serves a dual purpose in relation to this issue. Firstly, it provides me with knowledgeable-sounding opinions for those unfortunate moments when I find myself forced into cinematic discussions with co-workers or members of the public. Secondly, it allows me to minimise any possible desire to see a movie in the first place. This works thusly: if the coiffured critic thinks the film is shit, I assume he is correct. If he thinks it's a masterpiece, then I can comfortably distrust his opinion on the basis that this is a guy who believes that 'The Big Lebowski' is not a great Cohen Brothers work. Happily, I find this to be a technique that I can apply to many aspects of my life.
How do we teach our children to use money wisely, to make it their servant and not their master? Should we give a regular allowance, or perhaps pay for chores performed? Should we let children spend their money as they like or require them to spend it under our direction?
Hundreds of church-goers from across New York City gathered in Cadman Plaza Park in Downtown Brooklyn in the pouring rain Sunday to rally for the right for religious groups to continue to rent space from public schools during off hours.
Spinach seasoning :
Eventually I will need to break down and buy a new camera
the fistula foundation is a charitable organization that works to prevent and treat obstetric fistula worldwide. obstetric fistula is a devastating birthing injury that causes urinary and/or fecal incontinence in women who experience prolonged, obstructed labor; it is frequently the result of young or malnourished women birthing where their pelvises are too small to safely pass the fetus.
The scam, were I to bite, would involve offering to sell me the domains for a "reasonable" fee.
Jenny chose this iconic early-nineties novel about a group of three educated late-twenties escapees from corporate life, Andy, Dag and Claire, looking for a deeper meaning while working at 'McJobs' in California and telling each other stories that reflect their frustrations, fears and longings.
Earlier this week I was in Washington, D.C. for business and was lucky to have some time to visit some great restaurants. All had very good wine lists, but one in particular, Agora, had the added benefit of an excellent sommelier. As much as I love to dig into a wine list and find old favorites, I like it even more when the person who designed the list can take me through it and recommend new favorites.
1 cup sugar, divided
“She saw the… figures walk into the desert and she watched them… and she knew for the first time that she had not been letting them go and then the car drove on and she let them go.”
Search your heart you know you can't deny it
3: None of us have a Significant Other or see any likely prospects on the horizon.
My image has been colored with copics: B97, B95, B93, B91, B000, reds: R29, R27, R24 and i added a bit of E17 to deepen the red shadows. Her lace trim got the star dust stickles treatment, then i stamped the stars around the image with one of my random stamps from the collection in the drawer and added a rhinestone to the centre of each and sponged di around the edges.
Years ago, when our daughter was about eleven, she ... how shall I say this ... cut the cheese in church. Not noisily, mind you, but with an exuberant and lingering bouquet. Most normal mothers would have scolded her for not saving her stink for the bathroom, or at least given her a suitably disapproving look. Not me. I leaned over and whispered, "Gives a whole new meaning to church pew, huh?"
And remember,
And often, it becomes Mom who is left to pick things up & put them away.
If you're a fan of Japanese treats filled with red bean paste, this is for you. See that crisp outer shell? A very thin layer of sturdy yet tender dough is topped with sesame seeds and an egg wash for the appealing shine. The treasure lies inside... whether you choose red bean or lotus seed paste (although it could have been white bean paste too, to be honest), you're in for a treat. Although these looked nothing like moon cakes, which typically have an intricate design on the top and are sold throughout the Fall in Vietnam and China, the basic construction and ingredients were the same. If you're in Hanoi, don't miss this: find the bakery nearly opposite Cha Ca La Vong, on Cha Ca Street.
And one can crunch these numbers to analyse who gets elected and why, and the political discourse would improve manifold. However, I do something much simpler and basic. I map a district’s municipal poll results on the parliamentary seats from that district. Thus, for example, I take the 8 municipalities in Tangail, note that the results were AL 6 – BNP 2, and apportion the 8 parliamentary seats in the district accordingly.
Roland Barthes is a key thinker in the semiotics field. He studied and wrote about popular culture artefacts of the 1950s and language of the mass culture. He says that language is inherited and organised into signs, codes and structures which aid our understanding of the world around us. Therefore there are three factors to consider: signs, the way the signs are organised and context.
The Landshut one is my favourite of the pair. It’s executed in the most basic blue-on-grey salt glaze technique that they used before full-colour screen printing came into vogue, and is pretty rough in texture. At a guess I’d say it dates from the 1960s or earlier. The Salvator mug is clearly much newer, as it’s in colour. The old Salvator logo is used though, so this can’t be any later than the 70s or 80s.
Fear is the impetus behind the need for the mask.
So, during a racial epiphany in my teens I realized: I’m black. I never thought of it as a choice, to choose to be either white or black, despite being mixed with both. I knew that “mixed” wasn’t working for me, and I just felt black. I thought that once I started fully considering myself black, and telling people who asked that I was black, this whole “What are you?” problem would be solved forever. However, that simply raised another, more offensive question:
Sentiment: Pink by Design "Our Mothers"
“I did some bad things.”
It's my opinion that over that time -- no thanks to me -- SF has produced more great advertising pound-for-pound than any other city in the country.
Understanding this dynamic nature of the Word of God required Barth to maintain a balance between the modern distinction of the Word of God from scripture and the orthodox, ontic relationship of the Word of God with scripture. Cornelius Van Til was one of the first American evangelical theologians to interact with Barth’s theology, and in his The New Modernism, Van Til sounded the alarm of heresy for the American evangelical community. This publication was released before a full English version of Church Dogmatics was available; the net result was that The New Modernism became the unspoken, official interpretation of Barth among evangelicals. Van Til assumed that Barth failed to break with his early liberal philosophical commitments, and his status among evangelicals caused evangelical suspicions about Barth to shape their reading of Church Dogmatics.
Create growth for me 100% of the time. And by that I mean create emotional growth for me 100% of the time, but at the same time give myself a fun ‘present’. To continue to do my job with a reasonable amount of flair, to continue having fun and be funny (when I want to be) but not allow my natural exuberance for living in the present to take over completely and so disregard my future.
Absolutely. On the trick part. It is a crisis, in economic terms, but the crisis in fact has been used to improve the power and the profits of the financial groups which are in fact the leading elite in our society. All major banks and financial institutions in the last year have reported extraordinary profits. But now the governments are in a fiscal crisis, the governments need the money, and the banks say: “Well, in order to be stable and not to go back into our trouble, we cannot lend it to you. And in fact, the only way we are going to lend something to someone if you start cutting wages, firing workers, curtailing social rights and eliminating the collective power of the unions.” In that sense, the trick part of this statement seems to be empirically supported. Because profits are hugely up, some of the Spanish banks have reported largest profits in history, in 2010. And at the same time, the condition has been created for an assault on the welfare state, social rights, labour union power, and in fact on all the institutions that were constructing people’s lives in terms of their basic needs. So I don't think it’s necessarily conspiracy of the capitalist class and organisation but ultimately it is being used in those terms. So in the
- Hip and waist snaps
I’ve compiled some examples (and categorized them by story elements they depict) here and in my second Screenwriting Tricks workbook.
From Aesop’s Fables to Grimm’s Fairy Tales and up to the present talking animals have played a small, but vital role in literature. In modern literature, perhaps CS Lewis’s novel the Chronicles of Narnia illustrates how the use of a talking animal can heighten a manuscript. In Chronicles, one of the main characters is a talking lion, who just happens to hold dominion over a whole bunch of us human folks. George Orwell also did pretty well with Animal Farm, but as a reader I was most fascinated with the the talking animals that sometimes appear in our own North American Indian Tales. Most notable is the trickster of the Winnebagos, who has made numerous appearances in modern day literary forums such as Parabola.
How would you describe your scrappy style?
These are the body issues that I have to consider when I shop for clothes or put together an outfit. This is the part of my Outer Spaz that I can most effect. But we Palsies and others with physical disabilities have to factor those things into our physical equation.
And can you find the mouse in the picture? Not a computer one. A dead, real one?
Title: Green Turtle Cay
Gates ahead my maker I must face
3 The Power Remains 4:33
Watching together
Ian may know?
I have had the good fortune to get to know this phenominally talented writer on Goodreads, the YA Sisterhood on FB and as a fellow member of the YA Indie Carnival, a weekly blog tour hosted and posted by numerous fine and friendly YA Indie bloggers and authors.
school glue
The authors’ inquiry led them to the roots of human suffering: the ego. That the ego underlies our problems as a species may come as no surprise. But a deeper look into the ego’s origin and history is full of unexpected revelations:
Follow these seven easy steps to create this cute High Ponytail with Poof hairstyle.
Most of the things were fine, but there were some mangoes in the mix that were just... well, they were clearly put in the bargain bin for a reason. I ate one by itself and it very nearly destroyed my great love of mango.
See y"all next week
An alternative to traditional white Txakoli, Gurrutxaga also comes in this rosado version that uses the red Hondarribi Beltza grape to produce a very dry pink wine that expresses the barest hint of strawberry fruit character. Chill this and serve as you would a traditional Txakoli. You will be surprised how quickly this low alcohol wine disappears.
Carlisle expressed his pride in the cadets’ accomplishments and his belief in the merits of the program.
As he raved about his new job in the earliest days, it became obvious to me that the energy and camaraderie developed right before a grand opening were key to fueling his new passion. Whether it’s a start-up or simply a new location opening its doors for the first time, there’s something special about joining a team on the front end.
"Yes," said Eeyore. "However," he said, brightening up a little, "we haven't had an earthquake lately."
Toppings included the last of the blackberries, another small banana (these babies are SMALL, let me tell you. There was no way I was getting away with half), a few blueberries, and a dollop of Almond butter.
Once again, Dylan begins acting strange, and the original film pops up on the television in the middle of the night. The next day, she talks with John Saxon at the park about her nerves, the possibility of mental illness, and Dylan’s weirdness. Dylan climbs up a huge tower that doesn’t seem to be too safe for children anyway, and he falls. Luckily, Heather catches him just in time, but you know that had to hurt. She receives more harassing mail and phone calls, and decides to phone Robert. He is at his home, painting, looking quite normal and un-Freddy-like. He begins to act evasive when she mentions her dreams, and how Freddy is actually darker and more evil in them. He recognizes this, and when the camera pulls back, that is exactly what he is painting.
16 - When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
Girls don’t watch porn. They absolutely don’t fancy porn stars. And if they did, they definitely wouldn’t admit it to anyone else. But, errr, I have a confession to make. Sometimes I do watch porn, and along with an ever increasing number of women I do fancy a porn star. James Deen has caused a furore in the States with parents accusing him of encouraging their teenage daughters to watch porn because they’re all hot for him. They’re hot for him because he IS hot (albeit in a totally non threatening way), he’s like the doe eyed heartthrob of porn. He’s not ripped with muscles, he’s skinny in an appealing way. He’s got an adorably cute smile and twinkly blue eyes and could pass for that nerd in Uni everyone fancied but no one would admit it. And he’s got a very impressive cock. 9″ of it. He’s also captivating to watch, sometimes roughly grabbing arms and hard kissing his on screen partner, constantly whispering to them as they fuck. Lots of women don’t watch porn because it’s too impersonal and completely unlike real life, but with some of his scenes you could imagine having sex like that – hell, you’d actively request it (some of his more *ahem* hardcore films aren’t included in that, what do you think I am – a pervert?!). James Deen, the porn star you totally would. Admit it, no one will think any less of you for it.
1. Steam or boil the cauliflower till soft. Drain and leave to cool
Since the birth of our third son, my wife went and got me a daddy bag so I can use instead of the small diaper bag when I am out with the boys. It worked very well while at the park this weekend. It’s made to hang perfectly on the stroller, with quick access to a baby wipe dispenser on the front and pockets geared toward baby equipment. This bag made things too easy for me and gave me the ability to take pictures.
1) thank the person who gave this award to me and link it back to their blog
Undervaluing what’s required in developing a successful start-up program has being the most common concern in using Flexible Circuit board. Supply chain groups think of flexible just like an asset, showing the activity almost no time and attention. The consequence is quite often bad quality, larger initial fees and delayed service or product introduction.
Last week 27 pastors from the two presbyteries (Monmouth and New Brunswick) joined me and Martha Grace on one of two telephone conference calls to discuss the possibility of using Unbinding the Gospel in their congregations. Most of these pastors have committed to beginning a test study of the book with a small group of leaders this spring to see if the book might have traction in their congregations. These leaders will not only read the book together, but join in a 40 day prayer journey together. If the book seems to be a good fit with them and their congregations, they will move on to an all-church study and evangelism emphasis over the next two years. Let’s pray together for our pastors and congregations who are using Unbinding the Gospel. Please leave a comment here, if you want specific prayers for your congregation as we move forward in this together.
I'm not saying that walking away from the edits will make it easy to deal with them when you come back. It won't, necessarily. When we worked on Shadows on the Moon my editor had a problem with the way a certain plot thread was resolved. She felt that it was unsatisfying for the reader, and in the back of my head I agreed with her. But unfortunately I was completely stumped as to how to weave that thread back in without tangling up for or five others that were vital to the end of the story. And what was more, leaving that part of the plot like that had been in my original plans, from when I very first started the story, and my stubborn back-brain was convinced that it should work like that, dammit.
To be clear, this is not the overall population increase of the country, only the people included above. Now, you can’t get monthly revisions to the actual population numbers from the U.S. Census Bureau, so the BLS institutes a model in its methodology to estimate these numbers. For a comparison, consider the Federal Reserve of St. Louis (FRED). Take a look at this chart of their estimate of the TOTAL population of the country, not just those of working age. If you’ll scroll down, you can see their source is also the U.S. Census Bureau. If you look to the left of the chart, you can see the recent month-by-month changes.
F1 rear suspension.
Let me clarify, I'm talking about my experience and my experience alone.
Best of all, these services don’t require any up-front costs…well other than your time writing and effort in putting the package together.
Father of Deities,
Lush and fruity. Tanned to the limits!
So...There is anyone who want to see it?
His partner was speechless as he turned and walked over to the impression in the snow. "Hear me out. The aliens must have killed the woman right here in this spot. Her struggles on the ground created what everyone, including yourself conveniently call a snow angel."
As Pascal says, we have a God-sized vacuum within us that only God can fill. Frequently we try to fill that empty space with everything but God. But the pseudo-church has the appearance of being of God. If not careful, we can become a lot like that hungry fish who thought that minnow made of wood or that worm made of plastic looked real. Only later he finds himself immersed in bubbling hot grease over a burning flame. The example of the Bereans is a message to us to test the message, test the doctrine before embracing it. Paul reiterates that point in 1 Thessalonians 5:21-22. Many will go through that inviting and easy wide gate but they will be disappointed.
I guess what has motivated me the past five years in writing a daily message to my family is the knowledge that my life on this earth is limited. The loss of several of my siblings and in-laws at young ages during the past few years has reminded me that my life could abruptly end without notice. If that should happen, how long will my testimony of the restored gospel of Jesus Christ live on. Certainly it will live on in my children but I have hopes that my words will not only influence their generation, but also the next generation and the next. My testimony can have a powerful impact for good for centuries if I take the time to write it down. After all, the scriptures are simply the inspired thoughts and interaction of men with deity that have been written down for all to read. There is no reason that my influence for good has to go with me to the grave. I have hopes, as did Jacob of the Book of Mormon, whose final words were, “…and to the reader I bid farewell, hoping that many of my brethren may read my words. Brethren, adieu" (Jacob 7:27)
Below you can see what the same approximate area looked like in May. This photo was shot from the back -- the front windows can be seen to the right.
Machu Picchu in Sensurround
I hope that mostly answers the question. As I have said, everyone’s situation is different, so every foster parent will answer this question differently. If there are any other foster or adoptive families reading I would love to hear your thoughts and all about how you came to the decision to foster and/or adopt. Please feel free to ask questions if you have any!
So, I used my sick days last week to re-imagine the list.
Drumstick leaves – 2-3 handsful, picked off one by one from the stems and stalks (need lots of patience), washed
Yet another Tara and Sookie fight
Blu-ray and DVD Special Features:
We see poverty, for example, in Onitsura’s verse:
This obviously means you can choose a different book as your prize from the one you chose to review.
His friend, Harley, tries to bolster him. He makes plans, provides Jake with an escape route but it looks very much as if his friend, to whom he owes his life (hence his allegiance), is going out without much of a fight. The only thing Jake wants is to dictate the setting; he chooses Snowdonia, Wales where he was turned, in 1842, August 14th to be precise. (According to the NASA site, the full moon in August 1842 was actually on the 21st.) In the interim he decides to write things down, including the thing he had never spoken about to anyone, not even Harley, his first kill.
Junior Pitcher Stephanie Miller hit a game-winning 2-run home run in the bottom of the 8th inning to give the Northwest High School softball team a 12-10 win over visiting Seneca Valley on Tuesday.
Shine forth upon our clouded hills?
Same is true of a harbor; what vessels inhabited it when I first paid attention are no longer here, at least not in the same way. Take Odin, about which I’ve heard a lot of chatter this week. Great name. Perfect candidate for an award for eccentricity, but I smiled every time I saw Odin. I never saw the closest vessel to her in DNA, the ill-fated Red Wing. You can tell this is the older Odin because the house rests on a hydraulic ram.
“Looking to reminisce about someone else’s childhood because yours sucked? Join Vickie as she explores, with plentiful humor and jocularity, her idyllic past as a fascinating, but domineering, color-inside-the-lines kind girl who hated her remedial reading group, probably has mercury poisoning from regular exposure to Mercurochrome, and was secretly-tranquilized by her mother – daily – because she was hyperactive. I thank God my mom didn’t know her mom. If she’d known she could drug me legally, I’d have slept my way through elementary school. Try not to pee your pants when you read this because, if you’re like me, your mom never remembered to send you to school with an extra pair of undies either.”
3. Stephanie Meyer is a very talented writer, and despite the subject being fantasy, it remains very believeable.
I don’t think I’m going anywhere with this, but it was fun to think about for a while. Thank you for reading!
o Truly “grow up”
In the News: Arbor Day celebrated in Clarksville, 'Tree City USA' as quoted in their local paper "I have a saying that trees are one of our utilities, and the reason I say that is because they help clean the air, they help control rainwater runoff, they convert carbon dioxide into oxygen," he said. "What we really have when we have a line of trees around the city is a utility that provides good things for the population without having any cost associated with it."
Or better yet…find ALL of the channels that only view the cartoons that I grew up on, that are now money makers in the big box office! Because I surely do not want him watching this fooolishness!
In the modern world of rampant consumerism, an ultimate definition for the word 'organic' can prove pretty tricky to agree on.
if he had to have a last post. Goodbye dear blog friends... of this explorer.
I am currently flying north for winter.
1. Kid next to me in the Toadies mosh pit getting a concussion from a stage diver
“In Jesus’ mighty Name. Amen.”
Council Member Letitia James accepts new Chair appointment of Council’s Sanitation Committee; she leaves her post as Chair of Contracts Committee with satisfaction
UPDATE: 14th January, 2011. This case gets curiouser as McInerney has asked the High Court to reconsider its rejection of McInerney’s scheme of arrangement based on what the company claims is new information. The new information is not specified in the Irish Times reporting but it is intimated that it relates to NAMA taking over the loans but surely this has been well-established for several months? In any event the judge, Mr Justice Frank Clarke has said that he will consider the matter and respond next week, particularly whether he has jurisdiction to vary his judgment. An odd episode which will presumably still allow McInerney to appeal to the Supreme Court if the judge confirms his decision announced orally on Monday last. The NAMA banks claim it is an “understatement” that this new move by McInerney has come as a surprise. I bet it did!
I went shopping in amazons "free" section and came away with 40 titles! Everything from picture books to psychological suspense with mystery, romance, and memoirs thrown in.
Fry the onions on a low heat until softened but not coloured (I threw in the garlic clove as well)
The results of this specific utopian experiment by the West to enforce cultural integration between a modern people (the whites) and a primitive people (Africans) is clear to see when one looks at the near complete collapse of the criminal justice system, the dismal failure of the black government to deliver even the most basic state services and the flight of 1.5 million whites since Mandelatopia was dreamt up.
and it was still fairly fragile.
The clothing style and color-scheme for most of these figures seems to be a hair off... just a hair.
I've definitely learned a lot over the last 5 years of owning two businesses, and have many ideas I can't wait to share with you. Not everyone is interested in making a living with quilting, but many quilters want to make some income, and this will be yet another way we can learn and grow together.
Word of the Day
Hudson is laid back and relaxed. He sleeps through anything which is the biggest blessing because this house is very full of life. He has already been dressed up as a princess and gotten his toe-nails painted. Life with 2 older sisters is going to be fun!
In a large bowl, add the mayonnaise, mustard, Old Bay seasoning, Worcestershire sauce and egg. Mix well. Add the crushed crackers and blend well. Gently fold in the crab so not to break the lumps (lumps are crab goodness!). Cover the bowl and place in the refrigerator for about an hour.
Yesterday the Wall Street Journal printed an article on young adult fiction that I assume was meant to be provoking. Filled with gross generalizations and fairly extreme examples, the article titled Darkness Too Visible basically complains that nearly all books published for teens today are filled with dark topics that leave teens with nothing to read. (In the interest of space, I am grossly oversimplifying the author's argument. I highly encourage everyone to draw their own conclusions by reading the article themselves here.) According to the author, teen fiction has become "So dark that kidnapping and pederasty and incest and brutal beatings are now just part of the run of things in novels directed, broadly speaking, at children from the ages of 12 to 18."
'Is this your thimble?' the Lord asked. Again, the seamstress replied, 'No.'
Coconut-Almond Popcorn Balls
a tear like liquid gasoline
There’s a ripping sound. A blade, hidden beneath her blouse. She bares those sharp teeth and brings it up like a dagger, a Japanese sushi knife, trailing ribbons of duct tape.
2/21/12 – Regina, SK @ O’Hanlon’s
Since the first words were written, innumerable billions have lamented the inability of language to describe the depth of the human experience. Communication is a rare thing. The true meanings of my emotions are lost in the spaces between words. They are crushed by the machinery of syntax. They cannot stick to paper, dripping through the gaps between my letters and down my margins and gutters. They strike like lightning and ground themselves in the Earth, lost forever in an instant, leaving only burned images in the eyes of creatures that are cursed to remember such passions only in reflection.
Why not start your own tradition?
I am determined to actually go to bed tonight. I am sick of the demons and the distant sirens I always hear during the witching hour. Sometimes a howl cuts through the night like a dull knife and my mind takes me places I don't want to be.
While not mentioned in the article, I thought I would share a tidbit I learned while on a tour at the 19th century Edmondston-Alston House in Charleston, SC:
Happy Sunday everyone! With Sunday comes another Stampin Sisters in Christ Challenge! Today our hostess is my dear friend and Layers of Color DT Sister, Linda Lucas. The Scripture Linda has chosen for this week is:
15.00 We arrive near Selkirk at our B&B the Airy Fairy for the next 2 nights. The host answered the door, he was very nice. The room is lovely and we got directly a pot of tea. Also there is free whiskey as a nightcap. It’s next to the river Tweed and near the bridge. We are the only visitors tonight. I take a long nap and a shower while Klaas is figuring out how to blog. And he is very good at that! Mom and dad find us through skype and Casper gets completely confused by hearing our voices.
I need not tell you what would have happened had a public official attempted to whip up racial animosity against blacks within a white community. However, no American politician has lost out from playing to black racism in the last 50 years and naturally Nifong romped home with a commanding percentage of the vote in the election held that November.
For The Blog:
“What’s your favourite book?” asks one teen.
More sophisticated synths have more complex envelopes, with lots of ramps and times and levels to play with.
* I'll make more meringue for a fluffier topping. I only used 4 eggs in this custard and one of them was a duck egg with barely any white. So next time I'll use about 5 egg whites (from chicken eggs) so I'll have more topping. I used 4 eggs in this custard, instead of Cheeseslaves's six, because that's what I had on the counter and I was too lazy to walk out to get more from under the hens. Its also more along the same ratio of the custard recipe that my grandma used.
The teacher shopped, and paid, for it all (Mousie said each group had a budget of $25 and had to research prices and figure out if they would be able to afford their chosen treats as well as make shopping lists), and she also prepared such things as chocolate cake. The students helped prepare other dishes such as fruit platters or fairy bread. I've never before known a teacher to go to so much trouble (and personal expense) like this. And I was impressed with how she made a whole unit of work out of the event, incorporating maths (figuring, budgeting), writing skills (invitations, speeches and lists), problem solving (organising, list making, researching), artwork (invitations), public speaking (speeches), hospitality (hosting and food preparation) and so much more!
At the beginning of August, I got a question about Laray Carr Publications, a magazine publisher whose ads on Craigslist and elsewhere offered writers a fee of $50 per article for ten articles on subjects to be provided by the publisher. My questioner was concerned because she couldn't find any information on the company, and its answers to her questions were vague and evasive.
Our kit is called 'A Day at the Beach' and is a great kit to scrap your summertime memories. I know some of you may be longing for summer to get here, especially after the crazy weather we have been having this year.
I got tagged by my friend Corrine at Sparkle Day Studios (also known as Dos Fishes) with this kind of different meme. I decided to do it and pass it on. If you don’t feel like doing it, that is fine, but if you do, have fun and play !
Taxi drivers taking detours is another one.
A track of footprints traced the shoreline.
With the 63 Rambler station wagon chugging up the West Side highway. I always made sure to stay up long enough to see that big billboard-like truck that was somewhere near the Chinese embassy up by 42nd street.
Honestly, I love this girl but I totally get that thought (she does not). The drudgery of repetition is like a pillow smashed upon my face. As much as I enjoy filet mignon and chocolate truffles, eventually I would suffer from the desire for peanut butter and jelly.
Baptism is a condition of salvation.
Oxygenation - Increases blood oxygen levels dramatically. When the lungs are massaged and relaxed, they absorb more oxygen through the alveoli. The higher blood volume flowing through the lungs absorbs more oxygen and is absorbed into the bloodstream.
by Kate Summerscale. This is an examination of the Road Hill House Murder in 1860 and how this murder and its investigator, Jonathan Whicher, captured the popular imagination and inspired Dickens (Inspector Bucket in Bleak House) and Wilkie Collins (Sergeant Cuff in The Moonstone). The Afterword is particularly salutory and stunning.
2010.08.03 Iraq Mosul 9 15 Two vicious bombings leave nine Iraqis dead.
Now what to do next…I have two WIPs that are about 50 – 60 pages into it…one is a straight horror novel the other is a series I hope to see through that starts out horror and evolves to Scifi, without leaving behind the horror too much.
Smooth and Bright,
And, as my spirit rises, so does my muse... finally! I have felt, at times, like a hibernating reptile... so, in celebration of those anti-freeze-blooded creatures, I've made a new bangle I'm calling Two Sides Of The Same Lizard.
Peter and the others made a decision to stay with Jesus not because they didn’t know what the world had to offer, not because Jesus promised them a good and easy life. They didn’t stay with Him because of all the cool miracles.
Anyway I want people to pick a large brewery or corporation that owns a lot of breweries. There are many to chose from. Give thanks to them for something they have done. Maybe they produce a beer you do actually like. Maybe they do great things for the cause of beer in general even if their beer is bland and tasteless but enjoyed by millions every day.Well, I am grateful for the big brewers. Those who own multiple brands, put out more beer than Africa has water. I am grateful that they taught me what bad beer tastes like, how marketing programs can revolve around a false sense of what beer should taste like ("ice-cold", "triple-hopped") and how to get scantily clad women in every commercial. As for all of these fun and exciting lessons that they taught me, I do feel that Anheuser-Busch get some things right.
We want to share more. We want to show you a photo of Mr. Dimple and tell you all about him. All about how we chose to adopt from Haiti and our trip there last month. But I need this dossier to safely make it into the adoption system first.
Maisie didn't eat the eggs but ate the gim faces and she also left most of the broccoli. No reason given and she didn't want to eat any of it later on. I think it was just the day as she really didn't eat much at dinner time so I'm guessing just a not-all-that-hungry day.
The young man second from the right in this picture, is my mother’s only brother, Sydney William, known as Billy. He can be seen in several of my other posts where my Mum features as a girl, because Billy never seemed to be far away. Mum was only sixteen months younger and, although they had their spats, they were close, with Billy always looking out for his little sister. Billy left school in 1933 when he was fourteen.Times were very hard in the thirties and many grown men with families were finding it difficult to make ends meet. From 1931-1935 the unemployment total in Great Britain never fell below two million, and at its highest point in the winter of 1932-3 it almost reached three million. My grandfather was frequently laid off and I imagine the family would have been very pleased that Billy was accepted as a tiler’s apprentice, at the Midland Plastering Company in Nottingham. Not something he yearned to do, but then, like now, you took what was offered. There was no question of further education as families needed every penny. Being an apprentice meant that you learned a trade as well. The following year Billy died in an (non-work related) accident in June 1934, and Mum’s final term at school was a very sad one. When Mum left school, she went to work in Boots Offices in Station Street, Nottingham. She had to stand on a box to reach the top drawer of the filing cabinet as she was not very tall. She was the nicknamed Little Cherub and was a bit of a favourite of the rest of the office staff. When Mum finally left their employment, one of the bosses, Mr Lawson, gave her a one pound note and told her to always keep it safe as a reserve for hard times; surely a good lesson for life.
TI – Texas Instruments
I am me, I am worth it.
made me feel like he was the cure
I’ll spread like and employed infection, but you call it staph.
Amelia
Not wasting a cent he went to every place in the world you or I could imagine going making sure to do something scary everyday.
I feel soups are really the best part of a meal or a dinner for this cool winter .It not only makes some space for your up comming dishes but is also healthy .Here is a rich and healthy soup which not only looks great but tastes yummy.Believe me friends its a real treat.
The visiting team had already scored three times on ours, which automatically made the parents go crazy every time one of our girls was able to break away from the whole and fly towards the goal. When Natasha took the ball and soared, the moms behind me shrieked like banshees.
There were times when I was treated like an elevator music. You know, they know that you are there but nobody really pays close attention to you because you stay in the background. I actually liked it. I was invisible and I felt invincible.
perfect in every detail including the crack!
Bret Contreras has a nice video talking about the ab mat and demoing the eccentric portion of the crunch.
HT: Definitely. I would love to someday be have a series or two in bookstores.
I had heard that if you want to get published, you had to have an agent. So naively, I dashed off a query letter, researched agents who represented women’s fiction, sent the letter out to about fifty of them, and waited like an idiot for the offers to start pouring in. And waited. And got rejected over and over and over again. And cried.
It was playing with the "Easter basket" that made me think about what a deal we're getting with the $2 baguettes. These are perfect. They're crisp on the outside. They cut open to reveal an interior that is dense and tasty, but lightened up with the irregular holes that you get in artesian loaves. I grabbed one that we just sliced thin and put on a tray with eggplant dip for Mrs. HowChow's college friends.
Dave Kirby – Guitar
Christmas Poems
So, I know we’re not quite ready for Man/Robot relationships yet, but Commander Data was fully functional. And I know he was all into Tasha Yarr and stuff, but I’m not afraid to put on a wig and parade around like a lady if it gets me a night with Data. He has all the qualities I like in a man: tall, pasty, strong, unaware of social norms, and selfless. I mean…that scene…in Nemesis…I cried. I cried a lot.
First off to all my visitors I award the Light in my Soul award. This was given to me by Absolute Vanilla - so long ago I'm embarrassed to admit it. Thank you AV. Like you, the readers here at Whittersville are warm, loving and giving and I pass this on happily to each and every one.
I'm not going to bore you with a step by step guide to what I did all weekend. I spent the majority of my time peddling Chap magazines and Bounder's moustache wax to the great British public...oh and posing for photos...lots and lots of photos. The Chap crowd became a sort of freak show for the tourists and I was starting to get slightly peeved when people continued to take pictures of me even when I was stuffing my face with greasy chips.
We have also had a lot of rain.
While this article does not make a big deal about the pros and cons of homeschooling (Will they be socialized? Will they have friends? How will they live in the real world? Will they learn anything?), it does open up the possibility that these questions are increasingly becoming an irrelevant distraction for people interested in truly radical alternative modes of education. If homeschoolers spend so much time and effort imitating the rituals, structures, symbols, and outcomes of industrialized compulsory education, if homeschoolers work hard to be able to answer the mind-numbing litany of inquiries into the success of homeschooling, then homeschooling itself will be nothing more than school outside of the school building.
What is it that will satisfy you?
LGL's boss was obsessed with folders.
First, let me start off by saying I LOVE LOVE LOVE interior design. Before I wanted to be a teacher, I wanted to be a nurse. And before I wanted to be a nurse, I wanted to be an interior decorator! Maybe I could do that in the summer when I'm not teaching. I am no expert by any means, but I wanted to start a "Friday Finds" series with home deocor items that can be be purchased by the average Joe family like ours!
Work is so numbing that he just barely feels alive
What are some fun facts about you?
Just a little note about something I was thinking of while bringing up the Nazarite. It has for a long time been assumed among Bible readers, that the Bible passage from Matthew’s Gospel speaks of Jesus as a nazir.
packed with purple potatoes and asparagus.
With my second sabbatical approaching (at Grameen Foundation we get one every seven years), I decided to pick one such organization and write a book about it for a general audience. It was not that hard to decide which one – I chose Fonkoze, Haiti’s largest MFI. It is a dynamic, innovative, risk-taking organization led by fascinating people – mostly Haitians and Haitian-Americans, but also a few Americans and Europeans – in a country that has been in the news in recently (for all the wrong reasons, unfortunately). It has also been a beneficiary of Grameen Foundation’s products and services for more than a decade.
05. The Beatles - The Beatles (1968)
Add 5 gallons of water and 3 pounds of extract, turn heat up. Add hops and boil for 45 minutes. At about 5 min. add the rest of the extract and the chiller to sanitize it.
Hope you enjoyed this first Iron Chef post! I would love to make this more regular if there is interest. So if you would like to play along in a future version, leave me a comment. And if you know a "celebrity crafter" who would like to join in for this, leave me a comment about that as well!
c. Iron man
The Liverpool fans are of course entitled to not want to play on the 15th April, the main issue is the fact that people happily criticised and commented without actually hearing what Davies (who later apologised) said. Said blog that publicised the comments also mentioned Davies referring to the Spurs ownership as ‘vermin’ after they refused to move a game in the early 1980s for Arsenal who had to play in the Cup Winners Cup just a day or two later. The blog suggested these comments were anti-semitic by referring to Nazis. Now as a regular listener of The Tuesday Club, I can safely say his comments were in no way anti-semitic. The presenters obviously always give a bit of stick to Spurs and make no secret of their dislike for the club, but there was no malicious intent in what Davies said. He even described Gary Neville using the same terminology in this week’s pod.
It is, needless to say, quite a bit more expensive than even a very pricey bottle of wine.
His behavior is extreme. He is an ordained minister and has gone up for prayer at other churches (not his own), as a guise of repentance, when in fact his actions indicate to others that he was seeking attention and sympathy for what was being alleged of him.
He credits the radio program at Lewis and Clark Community College with preparing him very well for his second career. Kevin was previously an elementary school teacher.
The tendency for the womenfolk of my family to launch into shopping overdrive at the mere whiff of a wedding invitation may also have something to do with the sheer number of weddings they have to attend and that they would rather die than be seen wearing the same outfit again to a different wedding in front of the same crowd!
"Lily and the Three Ladies" is about Lilly,a learning challenged girl now grown to sexual maturity. Her mother died a long time ago and three ladies have been taking care of her. Now that she is becoming physically an adult they want to put her in a home This passage set the tone of the story and also gives a good sense of Welty's prose style in the story:
to this rush,
1-2 zucchini
The Book of Psalms, the hymnbook of the ancient church, is divided into five books, perhaps to parallel the Pentateuch — the first five books of the Bible. Each division, except book four, ends with “Amen and Amen.” Book four ends, “Let all the people say, “Amen!” (Ps. 106:48) The Amen is the congregation’s special word for responding to and affirming God’s truth.
pps.The reason could or could not be that it won't leave my lips unless scrubbed or having a really heavy duty demakeup lotion used on it.
“For he himself is our peace, who has made the two one and has destroyed the barrier, the dividing wall of hostility, by abolishing in his flesh the law with its commandments and regulations. His purpose was to create in himself one new man out of the two, thus making peace…”–Ephesians 2:14-15
There's been one question I've been scared to ask for awhile.
2-28 Tacoma, WA Tacoma Dome
The film then moves on to Nemo’s first day of school. Nemo has a small right fin (due to a minor injury to his egg from the barracuda attack) which causes Marlin to not only worry over his swimming ability but also doubt his son’s general capabilities. After Marlin embarrasses Nemo during a school field trip, Nemo disobeys his father and sneaks away from the reef towards a boat, resulting in him being captured by a scuba diver. However, as the boat sails away, the diver accidentally knocks his diving mask into the water.
he me,
The bottom line, Yazmir said, is that agriculture’s go-to messages aren’t providing peace of mind for consumer audiences.
The official memorandum does not outline consequences for countries with poor records on gay rights. But it allows US agencies working abroad to consult with international organisations on discrimination.
It was only once the religious and social hegemony of the Church was diminished by the succeeding blows of the Protestant Reformation, the Renaissance, and the scientific rationalism of the Enlightenment, that there was sufficient elbow room for Gnosticism to re-emerge into the light of day.
When I arrived at Kates I was greeted by the sight of her dog Peggy, a lovely staff, running round dressed in a Santa outfit. I couldn’t tell if she was pleased about this. She looked happy, but to be honest, she always looks happy, but she was dressed in a Santa outfit and did look pretty stupid. She also looked a little shifty as well and I soon found out why.
“Everybody rides across everybody’s land out hunting.”
Index on Censorship has condemned the sentence with a spokesman saying, "This is a new low for freedom of expression in Iran, making any legitimate comment or criticism of politicians impossible."
Western Bay Ridge fronts the Narrows, the strait that separates Brooklyn from Staten Island, spanned by the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge. This is where Shore Road lies, originally fronting and following the shoreline. In the mid-1800s, the neighborhood functioned as a country resort for the wealthy who built huge mansions near the water. After 1940s, the Belt Parkway and accompanying landfill separated Shore Road from the actual shore.
Banshee Boardwalk 2:14:403
I wondered why it took me so much time to really understand and know my mother and the answer was simple enough, maybe I never looked at her beyond the image of a parent. I felt a wave of regret pass over me thinking how much I had missed in life
Our song for April is “Did Jesus Really Live Again?” and I’m planning to use Turns With Phrases to teach it. I'm planning to use three groups and teach each group the phrases that answer the question in each verse. Because the song tells a story, it seems incomplete without singing all three verses. I want to teach the three verses together as if they were one verse. So, I’ll teach the phrases of each verse to each group. For each verse, I’ll sing the questions and then I’ll teach the answers to each group. I’ll sing the questions again and they can sing the answers back to me. I’ve prepared pictures to give them visual clues for the phrases. A couple of children in each group can hold these up as their group sings about them. Then we’ll switch phrases and sing the song again.
In case you're looking for some key takeaways here, I want to point out two common sense issues at play here:
Feel free to pass on those good feelings with your friends on Facebook!
The great or the mighty, medium, short or small,
When I decide to do something, I go all out. I printed over a 1000 flyers to advertise my signings and vowed to pass them out at the schools I talked at AND bring them every place I could. That probably raised the odds for strange things happening.
This was the first year in 15, I haven't made a costume. Doug and Henry did some shopping to create a Luke Skywalker in black. There is a name for this and I've been told no less than 20 times but it again escapes me. Jedi? Max fashioned a light saber holder and pocket for important space stuff out of duct tape which hung on an old, black belt cut down to Henry-size.
* developing key habits that will help your home and school to operate smoothly. Choose one habit to form at a time and work on it for a month to six weeks. Once it's ingrained, don't neglect to maintain it even after you begin working on another. This will benefit your child throughout life because these habits will be second-nature and he will not have to even choose these positive paths.
“I sure am,” he said, adding that if that didn’t work in his favor, “this may be my shot at the Supreme Court.”
S-5
Interestingly, nobody but us seemed at all harried by the experience and by the end of the ride we genuinely felt like we were the only people on the road with any instinct for self preservation – people were undertaking suicidal manoeuvres constantly, whether it was to pull out in front of speeding lorries without checking mirrors or looking around, or motorcyclists playing extreme games of chicken with a300ton trucks. Unfortunately I was gripping on to the handlebars too hard to take any photos documenting the chaos that ensued. Thankfully, much of the road had a hilarious cycle lane with metal barrier protecting us and the less suicidal motorcylists from the carnage. at times when it wasn’t there I was very grateful for my helmet and Andy’s careful steering.
Saturday - will be which-ever we don't have on Friday
Earlier IPI spoke to Sami Sahmoud, a correspondent for Sky News Arabia and colleague of Mohammed Mashharawi, who said that the incidents were due to tension between the journalists and the Hamas security forces. IPI research indicates that Hamas had laid out strict guidelines on where the journalists were allowed to be in the stadium as they covered the mass wedding. Sahmoud told IPI that one security official allegedly began to violently push the journalists; Mashharawi tried to resolve the situation by talking to the security forces. According to Sahmoud, the issue appeared to have been resolved by the media co-ordinator but a few minutes later the guard came back with more security guards, and tried to arrest Mohammed, who asked to see his security information. A scuffle reportedly broke out and the other journalists tried to help Mashharawi. Sources said that Mashharawi, al-Dorosh, and Abu Omar were allegedly taken out of the stadium and beaten.
So I guess you want to know what the prizes are then?
“Jeth, I… I can’t seem to get myself to believe that…” Jenro said, “I’ve heard it many times, but, I just, I can’t seem to–to get myself to a point where that’s what I breathe. I can’t seem to prove it…”
Sewing kit-basic sewing skills
To this end, the Institute has composed an online survey designed for representatives of companies which actively trade patents (in particular at auctions), in order to collect direct evidence. Participants can access the questionnaire -- which is in Engliah -- by clicking this link.
Before we were going to my in-laws to celebrate Christmas eve we exchange gifts with my kids first. So when my kids arrived and we started to exchange gifts I opened the gift my son bought for me. It was a crock pot (slow cooker). I then opened the gift my daughter bought for me and it was a crock pot (slow cooker). So I'm thinking ok this is awkward but I say thank you and proceed to open my next gift. This one was from my husband. I start taring the paper back and NO WAY..... a double crock pot (slow cooker). Now I'm rolling on the floor laughing along with the kids and my husband. "The Joke Was On Me" He had called the two of them and told them to get me a crock pot (slow cooker) as a joke. They got me pretty good. How funny????
I know a lot has been written on living in the now….I have read the books, listened to the tapes and watched the movies on it however I see in my life I am rarely living in the actually now. I am usually living for the tomorrows, the next weeks, the next months and the next years.
I can tell you one thing...it was super fun to use up this paper and chipboard bits from years ago! Scrappin' with old stash really gives you a sense of accomplishment...this stash was a MUST buy a couple years ago from Micheal's...luckily I split the stash with my friend so I only have one sheet of each PP from an extremely large Stack and some of the chipboard embellies.
Because this is awfully hard to do alone.
Third, restaurants, airlines, public buildings, and hotels, if they allow children at all, should confine families with small children to a dank, stuffy, soundproof section painted in primary colors and littered with disease ridden toys, while the rest of us enjoy our meals, flights, court dates and overnight stays without the unnecessary disturbance.
The décor was cooking utensils, items one actually used to prepare a meal. We now have gotten away from hanging such kitchen décor but I remember those kitchen walls and my favorite wall? The one that held a huge collection of Jell-O molds.
I have found “busy”. I can keep busy. It buffers things for a while, at the most 3-4 days. I shed tears less often while busy. Comfort is in small pieces and will require some reconstructing. Trust must be out there somewhere still waiting to be rediscovered. Faith stuck close by me from the beginning, thankfully it is not overbearing – rather patiently reaching out now and then to remind me it is still here.
Honestly, think about this for a minute: Don't the wheels start turning in your head if you meet someone who is over 35 and unmarried? I've even caught myself doing it a time or two because it's so ingrained in us that it's normal to get married. It's normal to meet someone and want to settle down and have a family, so any sort of deviation from that "norm" is seen as, well, abnormal. Of course I've been on the receiving end of such glares, and I could just imagine everyone thinking, "Why isn't she married?"
When he saw them, he smiled grimly and clicked off the lamp. "Well, this is it." He pulled a chain from under his shirt. On it was a tiny silver key. He pushed himself up and walked across the room like an old man, wearily and slowly, as though life has pressed him down. Sam gripped Abby's hand. It was damp, but she didn't let go.
Shelled peas (As many as you like)
The shelves are not done being arranged. I am going to be making some more changes in my living room, and I will definitely be re-arranging the things on the shelves -- I don't like the placement of things now, but I haven't had a lot of time to play around with it. Arranging things on bookshelves is one of my favorite hobbies. Nerd!
When the mob cries out “Where are the men who came in to you tonight?”, the Hebrew word that is customarily translated men is actually ‘enowsh which, literally translated, means “mortal” or “human”.
I’m left huffin and puffin
Arrangements: Curt Bradshaw, Arts Magnet High School, Dallas, Texas
Oh I'm late for Mar New FO's but I did start a couple of new projects in March. Grannie squares, I just couldn't resist. This was going to go in my baby shower quilt stash, but little Smiles saw it when he was out this weekend. He just stared in amazement, so guess who gets it :) Just finished piecing it today.
my head fells a little less cluttered
Guests can still view the gallery and use some functions, but to fully enjoy the gallery, please become a member. It’s free.
However... (Rant follows-there are no pictures-just another one of my painfully long monologues)
My daughter, Helen Dekker, was supposed to take the Gifted and Talented Test on January 8. Only, she didn't take the test because her mother, apparently, never completed her registration. On the one hand that I screwed this up baffles me; on the other, of course I screwed it up. Appointments and registrations and dates and deadlines never work out well for me. (Unless they're writing deadlines; those I Never screw up. Writing deadlines keep me going.)
11And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne and the beasts and the elders: and the number of them was ten thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of thousands;
Most of the salmon available here is farmed and treated with dyes (and is never going to grace my table), and the wild caught salmon, while quite delicious, is wildly priced for a dinner for six. Be wary of farmed salmon, especially considering our FDA's response to introducing genetically modified salmon into the mix. The whole situation with farmed salmon (and, in my opinion, farmed fish of any sort) is entirely too scary for me to even entertain the thought.
3.Consider Video
The incident of the robin reminded me (yet again) of how short life is, and how suddenly death can arrive. The thought almost stimulated me into a writing frenzy, but I paused for a while and realised that if I had twenty minutes to live I would not spend them writing. I would spend those minutes saying goodbye to those I love.
There are still many problems in South Africa, but none as strong and possibly insurmountable as the differences amongst the various races/ nations. It was Desmond Tutu who coined the phrase "Rainbow Nation" but as anyone can see, that is a misnomer, it is more true to talk of the "Zebra Nation"
HOTEL ON THE CORNER OF BITTER AND SWEET is the story of Henry Lee, a Chinese boy in Seattle who falls in love (although it is forbidden) with a Japanese girl named Keiko right after the bombing of Pearl Harbor. It is also the story of Henry Lee as a middle-aged man forty years later who, when passing by Seattle’s old Japantown’s Panama Hotel, stumbles into a news conference on the hotel steps where the new owner has discovered in the basement the untouched belongings of thirty interned Japanese families. When the owner unfolds, for the news cameras, a Japanese bamboo parasol with a bright orange koi painted on it, Henry instantly recognizes it as Keiko’s. In that moment, he can no longer suppress his familiar and never forgotten longing and he must confront the memories and the choices he did or did not make all those years ago.
Indoors, Penny and Peter have created an exceptionally elegant home. Peter served for many years in the British army, and Penny learnt from their 13 moves how to single handedly furnish and decorate each new home. They have two children who came to Kerledan with them and who were part of the renovation project, and who today are starting out on their own exciting lives.
And she with true kind eyes looks back on him,
Things around here are getting better. Let's say....about a three out of ten.
Bottom line, I’ve realized I am most happy when I am blessing others. Blessing may take on many form, it might be done with words, with actions, with financial support, with prayers, with admiration, emotional support, love, friendship, happiness, peace, gratitude and so on.
I am purposely going to change my gaze from being on how I want things to go
1/2 c. mini chocolate chips
“Alpha Noir” Strictly Limited Edition in BLACK 180 Gram Heavy Vinyl 2-LP incl. two Album Covers and “Alpha Noir’s” counterpart “Omega White” !”
Over the Summer, Abigail and I bonded stronger than any two friends, ever. She was a year older than me and a couple years further down the divorce road. Our situations were eerily similar and in a world of uncertainty, in a world of abandonment and pain, we became each others strength. We didn't talk much about how we felt, we were kids, we did not have the intellectual or emotional capacity to deal with what was swirling around us.
You were the dandy,
Wordstock Literary Fest is crazy for me. I have back-to-back readings and interviews for two days. This year I interviewed Anne Enright and Anna Solomon and did event coverage for Michael Ondaatje, Isabel Wilkerson, Barry Lopez, Steve Almond, Peter Mountford, Charles Yu, and others I can’t recall at the moment. Plus, I wanted to get all my first editions signed, so I would do the interview, record the reading, take pics and then rush to the signing area. It was during a signing that I met Jennifer Egan. When she saw my press pass she asked me - with a smile on her face - why I hadn’t asked to interview her. I told her that I didn’t think she would have time. She laughed and gave me her email address and said to contact her, which I will definitely do. Lovely lady! I still haven’t posted all the Wordstock coverage to my site
"In the international arena", says the prince, "water has shown to be a good catalyst for cooperation between nations.”
Then, low and behold, Fisherhubby murdered the poor little thing on his own and gobbled it down. At least he did share a bite or so with me.
After the release of Cry of Love, in which Hendrix tried his best to fuse the Band of Gypsies with The Experience, Jimi’s manager Chas Chandler is contacted by Miles Davis. The two schedule a summer jam session at Electric Ladyland in New York City. The recording is never officially released but becomes a popular bootleg that shows Jimi moving into more toned down, yet improvisational-based funk style of playing guitar. There are talks of future sessions that would include Sly Stone, Wayne Shorter, Ron Carter, and Eddie Hazel.
It's as if I had seen this scene.
Or “I don’t like this enough not to covert the 30 euros I would have spent on it into $40 I can spend in America.” (good try, pillow covers)
15 minutes before our start we took a shot of GU energy gel, which has the consistency of snot by the way, but really helps. The mob of people began gathering at the starting gate that was halfway up the ski hill. The national anthem started playing and everyone stopped in silence… followed by a final roar. Then, we took the Tough Mudder Pledge. We rose our right hand and stated, “As a Tough Mudder I pledge that I understand that Tough Mudder is not a race but a challenge, I put teamwork and camaraderie before my course time, I do not whine – kids whine, I help my fellow Mudders complete the course, I overcome all fears.” After a little more psyching from the man over the bull horn he gave a 10 second countdown. It had begun.
Be not wretched, pitiful
“My antidote to nerves is preparation. Know your topic.” – Jim Pappandrea
having accomplished nothing, except for relaxing...
