The heifer - now cow, wasn't doing so well.
If you have been following this blog for a while you know I tend to be pretty straightforward. In fact, unless we’re talking golf or fishing, if you ask a question I will give you the most honest answer I can. And since I haven’t played golf in over 15 years (my handicap was every club in the bag), about the only thing I’ll stretch the truth about on a regular basis is fishing.
I don't have a bunch of great reasons why I should be the one to win. I just really wanna win. There are people out there way more deserving of this than myself. But pick me anyways. Just because. Or, you could check out these pictures of my incredibly sad and unromantic master bedroom and realize that maybe there are a million reasons why I need to win. Either way, it's worth a shot.
Renee and I met online awhile back on Scrapbook.com, and her blog LuvThisScrap is also an inspiration to me. She will receive all the papers and products I used to created my layout "Adore."
For the rest of May, I’m devoting my time and mental energy to doing the Story A Day challenge. I will be using these shorts most of the time to explore pieces of my story world, much as I have in the Unnamed Story, but in Flash Fiction format. If you’ve read other pieces I’ve written and find yourself intrigued by my characters, you may enjoy these snippets which will often explore details and subplots in far more detail than I ever will in the main WiPs. The Insider’s Editions, so to speak…
'til one day, you was found hung dead in the cell
A very faint conversation. It went like this:
They may have faults, and sins they are struggling with, but you see, God does not call me (or anyone else) to be the Holy Spirit. It is not our jobs to convict people of their wrongdoings. That is not to say we can never point them out. But, for single young ladies like myself, I think we should really be striving to focus wholly on the Lord and OUR relationship with HIM. Instead of focusing on others' shortcomings, we should be focusing on our own, and repenting from them.
Enter the temporary blind.
Brazil’s central bank fired the next shot in what is shaping up to be an international currency war with a sharper-than-expected interest rate cut late Wednesday that pushed down the value of its currency, the real.
Steam some spinach.
US allies, including much of Europe and parts of Asia, fell into line quickly, reducing imports of Iranian oil. But a good number of Iran’s clients do not feel the need to toe America’s party line, and Iran certainly doesn’t feel any need to take orders from the US. Some countries have objected to America’s sanctions on Iran vocally, adamantly refusing to be ordered around. Others are being more discreet, choosing instead to simply trade with Iran through avenues that get around the sanctions.
And how Tonks unashamedly fought
What do you think? What color would fit me? :3
I was disappointed, however, that the movie changed the origin of the Mockingjay pin. In the movie, Katniss finds it on the black market. In the book, it was given to her as a gift from the mayor’s daughter, a rich girl with little chance of being selected as tribute. The Mockingjay, an accidental mutation left over from experiments done by the government, was significant as a symbol of the government’s totalitarianism.
Of course, Roxy does not take this well when Denise approaches her about it and she goes to Claudia Joy who actually agrees with Jackie. Roxy finally agrees to go and get some nicer clothes which is very different from her usual style but Trevor approves. Now we turn to Joan and Charlie. At first, I saw that these two do not like each other one bit but when Joan is told by General Clarke that she needs to handle the complaints from the families from Fort Hope better, she decides to hold a town meeting.
What was the timeline from spark to publication, and what were the significant events along the way?
We've all been on them. Whether or not it's because your mother thinks you're too lonely, or you've just lost a bet with your best friend about who can take the most shots of tequila in a row without puking. Maybe you really though it was a good idea at first but then realized that you'd rather be melting your fingernails off with a Bic lighter than continue your current torture.
On Monday and Tuesday all the pastors and ministry directors for Bethany Community Church got away for a 2 day retreat to Camp Casey on Whidbey Island. We stayed in one of the historic homes that were officers quarters back in the days Camp Casey was a government fort. It was a great 2 days of planning, discussing and team building as we set the vision or the coming year. It’s an exciting thing to be on the same mission, with a common vision, with a group of dedicated co-laborers.
It also represents a significant change in momentum for the prohibition reform movement as a whole, and one that’s taken them almost entirely by surprise.
I saw this recipe on youtube and had to try it! You can use any box mix. I used the one that was the cheapest (Pillsbury .94 - bargain!) in devil's food with pudding and Cherry Coke Zero.
Suddenly, everyone is concerned about the dying abusers. Really? These two men who broke into someone’s home in the middle of the night and terrorized a couple? For all we knew, they would’ve raped her. Killed her. Who knows. But everyone is worried about the dying criminals.
200mls oil,
Proof that Najib’s exorbitant media scams are not working and instead backfiring comes in the form of a stinging rebuke from the highly influential Washington post editorial, which describes Najib’s government as the “champion of doubletalk”. Mind you, even President Obama and Hillary Clinton read the Washington Post.
1 red chili - chopped
Then Saturday I was heading home from Montmartre on the 12 Metro line and when we reached the Madeleine stop I knew it was now or never. I jumped off and prayed that Decathlon was still open. 19h30 and the store was open til 20h00. This is it.
Darn imagination, running where it pleases. :)
But who would count eternity in days?
Nice yellow/orange color with an earthy smell. It wasn't a very pleasing fall ale to taste though. The beer is a little on the earthy and citrusy side, which I normally like, but for some reason just wasn't doing it for me this past weekend. I would like to give it another try, but for a fall seasonal not high on my list.
Shredded savoy cabbage with butter
123. “Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.” – Zig Ziglar
Hands down the biggest and possibly craziest project I undertook was our Master Bedroom Makeover. I did this entire makeover in about two weeks time in order to enter it into a design contest, and thanks to the support of so many wonderful readers and fellow bloggers I took second place in the contest.
DW: Okay, hold on, hold on.
Two, the richness travel can contribute to that rootedness, if you let it. Professor Robert Greenberg, in his lectures on Mozart (which are simply masterful; you can obtain them from the Teaching Company at teach12.com) pointed out that Mozart only began to write more adventuresome forms of music after he had really and truly mastered the classical forms in hundreds of ways. In other words, he only “travelled” once he knew his own home. How many Americans know their homes?
Even during stolen moments of peace,
* Watch out for rude people (even people that you know) - People just surprise me. I'm not sure why people are rude, I guess they assume that I'm expecting them to buy something, but I'm not that way. In fact, I feel guilty when people I know purchase stuff from me, especially at regular price.
If you have a book recommendation, do let me know! I'm always on the lookout for new material to read, any genre...
And until then...
Cold Light takes place in an odd, fictionalised version of Preston. It's set in 1998, but not a 1998 that I ever experienced. The shops are open twenty-four hours a day, there are television screens everywhere, the outside world is a rumour and again, this sense of disappointment pervades - even though the school teachers get to wear their red socks on the morning after the 1997 election. I'm resigned to the fact that the topography of the novel will mean more to me and the ten or so Preston residents who read my work than anyone else. We're not like Manchester, Edinburgh or Sheffield - the street names and landmarks don't speak to anyone except for us. And I've used these landmarks in the book - not as stage-dressing, but to make this place familiar as well as strange. Cold Light's Preston is the Preston it might have been, if what happens in the story really did happen - events so important they bend The City out of shape and make it into something foreign and familiar, uncanny and homely.
Have a GREAT weekend! I'll be working at Joyworks! Tons of new goodies in,,,,,and Jana is BACK from a TWO MONTH trip to Africa and India! Cannot WAIT to hear more about her trip!
Hmmm. Ok, this is going to come out wrong but what did you think of the Bippity Boppity Boutique? I was somewhat creeped out by the little girls all ritzed up like that, but maybe it's the nightmares I used to have about JonBenet?
My title sucks.
I don’t like people that push their beliefs on others or make someone feel stupid for what they do or don’t believe in.
48. It's not my dream job.
Toast bread, spread with good mayo (hellman's/best foods in my house), top with sliced super ripe tomatoes, sprinkle with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Mmmmmmmmmmmm.
a tiny light
Nice stuff, very friendly wine makers, cool cellars and a region that is extremely dedicated to winemaking. I like this place. Go to OpenWineCellar to find a region where you can hit lots of cellars (as I did) or if your favorite local man participates in the event. And have some lunch before you start tasting….
Things have returned to a semblance of normalcy, if you consider wearing a hand brace, trying not to bend my elbow (the pain helps reinforce that), and a hoarse voice normalcy. I'm going home Sunday. I set my Match location back to Smallville today--honestly, it seems I'm almost more aged out here than there. Or at the least the couple of guys contacting me here were older. And (in unrelated news) Buddy commented on a FB photo post of mine! Twice! And "liked" my status update (which was "Denial isn't that bad for me. .Besides, I can give it up anytime I want to.")
A good orator can here see well what I would like to say, if I were learned in the art of oratory, and what a legate should aim at and expound at the diet, if he would discharge his office honestly and faithfully.
This was delivered to my Kindle last night at 11:45. Just as I was laying down for bed. I was *thisclose* to starting it, but I held off, knowing I had an early morning.
As a kid, I wasn't so much interested in the romantic aspect of the Island but I was thrilled that Oliver Sacks, M.D., neurologst and psychiatrist, lived there. Oliver Sacks is the author of many of my favorite books, including "The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat," and movies such as "Awakenings." I've always been fascinated with the link between neurology and psychiatry and his books are filled with unbelievable neurological case histories.
Here's a picture of the curds draining:
My mine of precious stones, my empery ;
— Identify sources whenever feasible. The public is entitled to as much information as possible on sources’ reliability.
1. What would you do if someone handed you a million dollars?
Everything else can wait. I'm growing a human after all. And whenever I add that to my mental list of accomplishments for the day, I always feel much more successful ;)
As for my official bucket list, I don't have one. Dreams, yes, but a bucket list always struck me as a little morbid. So no list for me. What about you?
The next day, the committee’s mood was little better. General Thomas Dalyell was sent to round up heritors who had failed to provide intelligence about rebel conventiclers crossing their lands and John Hay, 2nd earl of Tweeddale, and Walter Sandilands, 6th Lord Torphichen, were hauled over the coals for their parts in the debacle:
Mother: But I like this one.
Mitt, Mitt, Mitt. The ‘excitement factor’.
My Review If I had not received an ARC from the publisher William Morrow I more than likely would not have finished reading this book. By the time I finished it, it was not as horrible an experience as I was dreading however there was a lot of skimming of the book. Why? The dialogue was painful. I am not sure if the author had a word quota to be met however he had the characters repeating themselves constantly with a matter of paragraphs. Does he not think that I would notice this. An example of this is when Chelsea's father showed up at the house. Her father is described as the rugged handsome type and then on the next page is another description of him, this time describing how his clothing reflected his good looks. Later in the book when Chelsea met Brandon twice within paragraphs he comments how he wished he met her grandmother.
4 Garden Recalled 3:21
7. Thai food
### ODT Online Wed, 12 May 2010
Scientists look at the big bang from the outside, so to speak, using complex instru ments and the laws of physics to show us the explosion of light and energy, which became matter, which, in turn, gave rise to life, from which emerged the capacity for consciousness. But the perspective I’m shar ing with you is one that looks at that very same event from the inside — that gets right beneath the surface of the stillness before the beginning, and locates the very impetus behind that primordial moment of birth.
A- I tidy, for what it’s worth. Remember, though, that one woman’s definition of ‘tidy’ may be another’s definition of ‘mess’. My scrap area is never very tidy at the best of times, but I do put away the products that I pulled out to use, as well as clear any scraps, and keep tools that were used in the project before starting on another. I kinda like to start with a clean slate, if you know what I mean.
Where my problem lies however is when individuals do these design tutorials, and put up the finished tutorial and then claim it as an original piece. Come on! At least give credit where credit is due. Even professionals when they use a style or or a plug-in they plug the original owner of that plug-in or the creator of the style.
After several weeks, the Lord told me to raise my hands during worship. This was not a charismatic church, and raising hands was the exception rather than the norm. Not only was God asking me to go against the grain in the church, but He was touching a very painful part of my past in bringing attention to my hands. In the past, I had done some very horrible things with my hands and I was terribly ashamed of them. I wanted to hide them, not make them visible!
http://nicedoggie.net/?p=4550 has an excellent post about the clusterflop in progress in Sanford, FL. I would be extremely hard pressed to say it better myself. I have been skeptical of news outlets in general for many years. The fudging of facts and recordings didn’t surprise me in the least.
And the music in the air flows like Bosphorus. High above on a hill, my heart goes out like a raft into the endless absence,
With effect from 5 March 2012, the Universidad del Valle de Guatemala (UVG) -- which is the administrator of the ccTLD in Guatemala -- has been authorizing the registration of Internationalized Domain Names (IDNs) and Second Level Domain Names (which can now be registered directly under “.gt”). Previously only third level domain names were available.
My Man, Myth & Magic, Urutsk: Summer Era game (Sunday nights) has landed the PCs on an island on another world, and they are grid-crawling their way through a cliff-side city roughly equivalent to Phonecian or early Greek tech. One PC has already been chosen by a Dryad to serve as her priestess, and the party are exploring a geocentric map translated into the layout of the sky temple.
I am completely pessimistic about New Zealand’s future prospects. Forget about becoming the Mexico of Australia, New Zealand is on track to become the Greece of the South Pacific.
And it sucks.
"Would you rather I came here with a man?" Barley asked. "What's it got to do with you and the CIA whether I came here with a woman or a Muscovy duck?"
With productivity in severe decline, Sweden relies on increasing debt to maintain the system in its current form. According to Fjordman, Norway — which is flush with North Sea oil money — holds a lot of Swedish paper, but the load on Sweden will soon become unsustainable. The crunch will come; the bubble will burst, and the dream that was Folkhemssverige will be gone.
If your not following @DAChesterFrench then you need to log onto twitter, type in his name and follow him now! D.A. Wallach is a white muscian who made a controversial song that has racists seeing red and those uncomfortable with the idea that black women are desireable to white men shifting all sorts of ways in their seats! And you know what? I love it.
Google clones Dropbox: lock, stock, and privacy gaffe – Google Drive looks like just another ho-hum Dropbox clone. Same feature set, same market positioning. But was it really necessary for Google to copy the outrageously unfair terms of service.
After I finished the 608-page novel, I of course returned to my favorite professor to discuss its details. By his lights, the novel is truly about courage. Isabel does not shrink from her responsibility in the end, although she wishes to. Instead she displays courage and faces what will come. She is brave and strong for doing so. The easy way out would have been to run away with Mr. Goodwood, avoid a divorce, and leave poor Pansy (a fitting name) to fend for herself. But Isabel does not. She faces the consequences of her actions instead of fleeing.
Follows is an extract of my terms’ work and online discussion topics;
Overall I’d recommend this book to anyone with a technical interest in F1.
Please be advised that Mr. Wise is well known for his blatant bigotry against persons of European extraction. In spite of his credentials, denials (and ethnicity) Mr. Wise is not an 'anti racist.' Mr. Wise is an anti-white activist, but he disguises it in order to further what amounts to a Marxist based degeneration of European Americans in favor of a multicultural socialist Utopia; an activity we understand that also happens to pay quite well.
I won't lie: she had me from hello when the first full sentence she uttered (in Paron's of all places) was You're even more handsome in real life! I don't know if this is manipulation on Robin's part -- the expression of an unhealthy need to be liked -- but it worked like a charm on me. I'm that shallow.
I went indoors and gave the dog a ‘telling off’ – “why didn’t you growl and show them that you are a proper guard dog?” He just smiled and wagged his tail. Continuity from the hound at least.
Some years back the slow, steady BBC Peel Session catalog release schedule came to an end. I don't know why; while most obvious sessions have been released either via the band themselves or via Strange Fruit, the ultimate roundup leaves a huge chunk of the BBC archives untouched.
The Lively Morgue, as it is called, is going to feature historic photographs from the Times' sizable collection. Did I say sizable? I mean gi-normous. Here's their own description of the collection's parameters:
I nodded again, "I do know what you mean - they're all ours."
holy cream balls, it’s 2.30 and someone has already gone home. How damn lucky, I don’t actually know when I can officially go, what’s worse is that I have absolutely no idea when the busses come in. because it’s on a estate, there are only a fixed number of commuter routes to the base and i’m not sure when they start running, or even when I can go. It would be so nice knowing that I could get down the to library and use some free internet, I really need to find a decent place to live.
My book Beauty: Pure and Simple is a guide to beautiful skin through holistic wellness and natural/ organic skin care. Because I am an Ayurvedic Practitioner and esthetician, my approach is steeped in eastern medicine (Ayurveda). Through this, I explain general skin care but also how ailments such as acne, rosacea, eczema and pigmentation have root causes in the internal body. Its important to understand the role of internal inflammation, hormonal imbalance and dampness/ yeast in our skin's health. I go in depth about internal solutions as well as natural topical skincare solutions.
Tabata Pull-up
On a baking sheet, place pretzels in a single layer. Put one white chocolate disk in the center of each pretzel. Place in a 350 degree oven for approx 3-4 minutes or until chocolate is shiny but not melted or falling through the pretzel.
At Serenity Falls we found a beautiful waterfall as well as some rental cabins. One of the cabins was right at the base of the waterfall. That, of course, was too big a temptation for Betsy and me, so we just had to book a few nights at Serenity Falls.
In celebration of tomorrow’s NSD holiday, I have created a page and a tutorial to inspire you. I know that some people still have Easter photos that they are scrapping, so I wanted to use this page to give you some ideas about how to used Hampton Art and Clearsnap products to make a SWEET scrapbook layout.
Now here's my table of Whitbread's beers of the same period. I've taken the information from their brewing records, so it must be correct.
Opening times: Lunch 12.00-3.00pm; Dinner 6.00pm-11.00pm. Closed on Mondays.
I: Hi, my name is Sascha Gottschalk. I’m working on a book about Krishna Consciousness and the music scene. So I spoke briefly with you husband and he recommended I talk to you. I met him at the Rathayatra a few months back.
I've been suggesting that we try and re organize the system, I've even told them that I was willing to do it myself. However there is one thing in the way of us doing that, the chief Engineer. He has the run of almost all the electronics in the building since the station is under his name. That includes the music database. He pretty much refuses to let us remove some of the tracks from there. I have no idea why but I think it's nuts. I understand that it's mainly for security measures to only have one person hold the power over it but he should at least give the music director more rights to it so that we can try and improve the quality of the station.
Tumbled Glass and Vintage Photo Distress Inks
The prequel story takes place in Mira's home of Savannah about a month before the events of Nightwalker. The story focuses on Mira's investigation of a murder that puts her in a bad spot as Elder vampires are looking to use it as an excuse to kill her if she can't clean up the mess. You meet several character that will be making appearances later in the series and get a feel for how Mira's world works within the Dark Days series. That and it's just a fun, short whodunit-type mystery.
Scotland favours offering opportunities for self-advancement and entrepreneurship rather than the glorification of wealth; the encouragement of employment opportunities and the helping hand back into work rather than the provision of advice about mounting bicycles and heading off in search of the promised land; and the protection of those who cannot work rather than their vilification as scroungers.
Never has a door slam sounded so sweet!!
Mr Stott brought us a Woman
According to Wiki, the Luddites were a social movement of 19th-century English textile artisans who protested against the changes produced by the Industrial Revolution, that replaced them with less skilled, low wage labour, and which they felt were leaving them without work and changing their way of life.
9: I didn’t move back to New Orleans.
It's like a Benny Hill sketch written by Americans for Prosperity.
“The Man Who Took His Hat Off to the Driver of the Train” – Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine by Peter Turnbull (Dell Magazines)
And as the evening grew into night, the noises outside started: sounds of branches and trees, loaded with ice, crashing to the ground. It was awful.
But those who know him say it would be difficult for him to relinquish his hold on the Sarawak state government, which he has headed since 1981.
Anyway, that was me the last three days.
Drop cookies onto baking sheet covered in parchment paper or a silpat. The size is up to you. I made mine a little larger than a tablespoon. Flatten each cookie a bit with your hand or the back of a spoon. Bake about 10-12 minutes; time can vary depending on your oven. Bake until tops are light brown and a bit crispy. Cool and eat. Great for breakfast or a healthy snack.
Always use your computer in a well-lit room to avoid unnecessary stress on your eyes. Not only will your eyes feel more comfortable when the room is well-lit, but you may find any headaches you’d previously experienced whilst using your computer will also be reduced as stress on your eyes can cause headaches.
I can't be torn apart from my guy
Again with the non-essential sentence. Resist!
Jeffe lives in Santa Fe, with two Maine coon cats, a border collie, plentiful free-range lizards and frequently serves as a guinea pig for an acupuncturist-in-training.
see the murdered clarinets
I start with a small amount of Panko and then add what I need, I hate wasting those yummy bits. Plus you don’t want the batter mucking up the Panko.
My husband constructed two garden boxes for me, made out of wood that was once on the back of our home. Our home was built in 1948, so I figure that makes our victory gardens just a little more authentic!
Boil water in a saucepan and cook your macaroni until tender. Drain. Put some of the noodles in the bottom of a casserole dish (I use my largest Corningware dish, which is about 6 quarts). Sprinkle cheese over the top of the noodles. Put some more pasta on top of the cheese, sprinkling cheese on top. Continue until all the pasta has been used, sprinkling more cheese over the top. (For that whole part, use your discretion on how much pasta and cheese to use. Obviously, the more cheese you use, the cheesier it is.)
I tied the banner on with 'stone' baker's twine from The Twinery.
Priceless.
No doubt, you will say something like, “I wish I’d spent more time in prayer; more time in Bible reading and study; more time in church, and more time telling others about the Lord.”
7-8 Wake up, cuddle, undress, go potty, get dressed (Mark),
He was my North, my South, my East and West,
NO Window and/or door replacement/repair
A strong main character and a vividly drawn minor cast, all set in the mysterious and yet mundane world of Korean immigrants, bring Free Food for Millionaires to life. Highly recommended.
That Bob Bennett didn't even make the primary, though, still manages to disturb me.
The house we were robbing belonged to rich, empty-nesters. Jason told me that these kinds of people were valuable for their accumulation of wealth, often times translating to vast collections of jewelry, cutting edge consumer products, and quite frequently, armaments.
the wrenching solitude of the dys.
I would choose the good things
Stephen Frears provides a unique film experience, using Elmer Bernstein's score as a powerful tool giving a looming sense of danger as while as dark celebration at times conjuring the sense of a menacing carnival, which is certainly appropriate as the traditional grifter is often associated with travelling carnies, a natural source of new marks, a subculture withing a subculture of permanent transience. Everything in the movie looks sharp and authentic so much so that details like Lilly's blonde hair stand out. Until the end, even the violence looks good. I would think it's no accident that Roy's beating gives only internal injuries as if even dying, there can't be an obvious mess. The film recalls the past, but brought up to date and not looking better for the shift.
Lesson 4
As mentioned, it’s Orthodox Easter! For the past two nights I’ve been hearing gunshots in my neighbourhood, almost on the hour, but don’t worry folks, apparently it’s all part of the fun! Haha! Hilarious. But fire-roasted Easter lamb is pretty awesome, so I’m not ready to eschew this holiday yet.Thanks Petros! You smoke that thing!
In this report, we will take a look at the MBM Triumph 6550EP paper cutter. A large, accurate, heavy-duty paper cutting machine designed for use in high-volume copy and print shops and large organizations that do their own document production. Here are some of the 6550′s strengths and weaknesses as we see them.
the May kit is being called. " love in an instant"
4) Purge: Amy says that a good look at the items in your closet could help to put your spending practices into perspective. Plus, if you haven’t worn something in a year, then chances are you’re not going to. Donate it to go Goodwill where it will resurface in the reuse market.
I ever left this country,
I am Beatrice Banks, a combination of genetics and inherited traits from my parents. Beatrice M. is my paternal grandmother. E. Banks is my maternal grandmother. These two women were hard working, humble souls who lived a simple but meaningful life. Both worked diligently. Both raised large families. Tough times produced tough women. Yet, their hearts were as soft as the cotton they picked.
Prior to dredging the chicken, season both sides of each breast with salt and pepper. Then, dredge each chicken breast in the Flour, then Egg, and finally Bread Crumb Bowls. If there are any bare spots, re-dredge with egg, and then bread crumbs to ensure an even coating.
Even when I was a kid in the 70's the roads were better taken care of than now. And there weren't "don't drink your water for 6 months" warnings all the time. In the 70's we would have scoffed at buying bottled water when perfectly good water came out of your tap so much more cheaply! (geez, buy a water filter for your tap for cryin out loud)
This is the time of year where we are scrambling for entertaining dishes that are easy to prepare and to serve guests.
I've just been ripped up by the Occupy events. The last encampment of any size to be taken down, Occupy Boston, survived its deadline last night and people remained in Dewey Square. Seems the Bruins lost, and the cops were needed elsewhere. Ha!
He also wants to overcome the disparity between the Hollywood “haves and have-nots” by equalizing SAG dues so that every member, especially the wealthy members, pay their fair share. Members pay 1.85% of each dollar they earn up to $200,000 but earnings above that amount are now exempt from this dues assessment. Reed proposes to remove that exemption, yielding SAG an estimated seven to fifteen million dollars for needed member services. The Dues Equalization Proposal is currently in committee.
We'll get to Saturday night, patience, boy!
An EPA official, Al Armendariz, made the following statement at a press conference, specifically referencing the oil and gas industries in America:
I blame my foggy head - I was joining the boys in their cold. They're so generous ;-)
Side note – I’ve been studying about 5-6 hours a day in addition to burning brain cells at work, and buying the case of Red Bull was one of the best decisions I’ve ever made. Yes, this is in addition to my coffee addiction at work; yes, this schedule could be to blame for me being cranky/this entire post.
You either hate that about me, or find that endearing.
JOB POSTINGS
11. Vicolo A Sera (01:24)
Really what I mean is: Here's what I'm thinking about for the week ahead as it draws nearer and nearer:
He walked away, feeling no hurt, none of which I could see
Many have asked, pointing incredulously toward a sweep of tract homes and billboards, why picture that? The question sounds simple, but it implies a difficult issue—why open our eyes anywhere but in undamaged places like national parks?
Isabelle was born with a hole in her heart.
And a third one, issued a record on Decca "Peppermint Twist Time"
In recent months, I have really been feeling led to step up in terms of advocating for the Preemptive Love Coalition. Honestly, I have no idea what that really means, but I do know I've been using the excuse of not knowing as a reason to NOT be obedient. This is a trap I constantly fall into: not knowing exactly what to do and, therefore, doing nothing at all. However, I've also seen the Lord at work most in my life when I simply take a step and do SOMETHING. Most of the time, the step I take doesn't directly lead anywhere, but I end up making great strides in a different direction as a result of that first baby step, no matter how misdirected it was.
Before I get to the FF today, I just have to give my mom and hubby and shout-out. Mom is graduating from college after years of waiting, raising a family, and trying to fit in school with teenagers and schedules and so proud of her for committing to a dream and following through. She's inspiring to me! And tomorrow is hubby's birthday. We may or may not be buying a car in Vegas tomorrow, so birthday plans are pretty vague, but it's still exciting.
First beer of 2009: J.W. Lees Harvest Ale 1997 Vintage, at Max's Taphouse ca. 6:30 pm Jan. 1st. I couldn't have picked a better beer to start the year. Followed by sips of my wife's Otter Creek Winter Ale, a raspberry brown akin to the old Pete's Wicked Winter. (Left to right above: JW Lees, Otter Creek, wife.)
#5653 Sugar Free Chocolate Pudding – 48/3.75 oz Case - $29.99
For more inspirational posts, click on these links:
O'Fallon Smoke braised osso bucco pork shank with cowboy beans, 4 pepper coulis, Longhorn cotija corn & blue cornmuffin paired with O'Fallon Smoked Porter.
Did I scan past the best of the salacious paragraphs?
ALONA
Atmosphere (1988)
Much more at Refugee Resettlement Watch including how his doctor father blames Sadaam Hussain among other things. Take some time and read through the posts there.
The event is scheduled for Friday, March 9, 2012 in Anchorage and is open to artists of ALL MEDIA (I'm thinking maybe METAL, wood, fiber, plastics/vinyl, recycle items, canvas, Tyvek...??)
A lot of popular fiction, to be sure, follows this generally Aristotelian model as well. In MIGHT VS. DOMINANCE, I contrasted three cinematic treatments of the pop-fiction detective Sherlock Holmes. In the 1922 SHERLOCK HOLMES, which I label a "drama" rather than an "adventure," what violence there is would have to be termed "functional," but it is of such a minor degree that I would label the violence "subcombative" in comparison with a drama of a combative type. Some of the other Holmes dramatic narratives, such as THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES, would probably qualify as combative dramas
I went through a period of time where I thought it would be awesome to just hop on a rail car and ride across the country. With the doors hang open I would lay against the frame and watch the open sky of the Midwest as we passed by, pen in hand writing the great American novel. Some things I clearly didn’t think of may dissuade me from doing so. First off, Train Hobos or TOBOs as I will refer to them from now on, are probably not the harmonica playin’, gap-toothed smilin’, bindle carrying friends you think they might be. More likely, they are more of the stab you in the stomach, leave you bleedin’, and rob you blind kind of TOBOs. You also have to worry about the people working on the train who will either send you to jail or beat you within an inch of your life. Where does your food come from? Boxcar stew made from what little you can scrounge from the car so nails and wheel grease is not a part of a balanced breakfast. Also bathroom etiquette is probably right out the window. I’m not sure if you are supposed to just go out the side of the train or poop in the corner like some kind of human Barnum and Bailey Circus parade.
So I hope my followers will enjoy the fruits of my labor, and I promise here and now that there will be more to come, soon and often!
I thought there’d be more leftover meatloaf to make this shepherd’s pie but we ate so much last Tuesday night that I actually had to buy beef to add to it which felt sort of silly. It reminds me of my mother-in-law who used to throw a fabulous open house after Christmas called “The Leftover Party.” But over the years the guest list became so large that she began to have to cook extra turkeys and hams for the “leftovers!”
the guy she'd love to love ...
Too close to the scene? I honestly don’t think that’s possible, but it doesn’t matter anyway because they don’t write about the scenes that they are in as musicians. Dóri writes about computer games and Bjössi is writing about the past. As for me, I’ve always been a musician and a journalist, and I’ve done OK so far. Maybe it will put some people off my music, but that’s not important to me anymore. If people are unable to divide my art from my day job, then that’s really their business, not mine. It’s not going to stop me making music. If the music paid for my meals, I wouldn’t have to do this job, but unfortunately that’s just not the case. And besides, I’m not really a part of the music scene that I want to focus on here. I want to focus on the new generation and what they are doing. Not old indie-farts who have been around for ages, like myself. I get enough exposure elsewhere; this paper will always be a bit more open to upcoming artists, rather than the established ones. If we don’t think the artist is doing exciting stuff, he will be ignored rather than slaughtered.
Zondi said the scene was visited by Police Commissioner General Bheki Cele.
How many houses does a man need to live in?
It implies that we cannot actually separate reason from our mundane interests, from our embodiment, from our emotions, or from power. We can only pretend to do so.
Now we could spend days looking over the varying degrees of witchcraft during the middle ages and the subsequent witch-hunts that ensued. A 'witch' could be defined as someone who simply rejected the church, or still practiced folk medicine, or had gotten pregnant outside of wedlock. On the other hand I do believe that there were varying degrees of darkness and that many 'witches' knowingly consorted with demonic powers. One major theme of that dark spirit seems to be that of abortion. Just as we learned with the other goddess cultures the enemy seems to twist the notion of feminine sexual freedom/fertility into the concept of right over the life of an unborn child. So while 'witches' became known for the beauty that is midwifery and bringing life into the world they were also known as the dark agents to extinguish that same beauty.
Victoria Day 2009 Hollywood Movie Watch Online Full Movie
I am about to have my sister, Barbara, for a few days. We are going to make cards while she is here. Thank goodness I will have her to push me! :^) Apparently I need someone to do that right now.
“Your husband does?”
You see the REAL problem is twofold. Part A is that the sport is suspect in the application of its anti-doping program; Part B is that the sport does not provide enough information to the public to secure confidence in its programs and thus in the performances of its athletes! A & B combined result in the questions that always arise when athletes accomplish something extraordinary.
“We are investigating different methods fox control, and are happy to be able to assist the group in this important program,” Beale said.
The extra rest wasn’t enough to charge us to a victory in either of our two midweek contests against ECU and NC State respectively. At the home game against ECU the baseball team favored Zeta Tau Alpha sorority partnered with the Phoenix to raise support for Susan G. Komen Foundation and breast cancer awareness. It was a “pink out” game in which the ‘Lath was decorated like an infant girl’s room and the Phoenix wore pink shoelaces and undershirts during the game. It was the first of two events to support cancer awareness that the Phoenix will partake in this year. The second will be the St. Baldrick’s sponsored BaseBald taking place during the UNCG weekend. To add a soundtrack to the game was SuperFan, Steve Roth, who relentlessly heckled ECU catcher Zach Wright. SuperFan has added emotion to home games against ECU for three years and as a result of his dedication to zoned taunting of Zach Wright, Wright’s father asked SuperFan for his signature after the game. SuperFan was very proud.
Ronnie is a Rocker
So what do you do if you find a Kindle category you'd like you're book in but you can't choose that category from your Dashboard? First, if you have it in 2 Kindle categories, you need to remove one of the category tags from your book. Next, choose "Unclassifiable" and then email KDP Support, providing them the exact path you'd like for your book, such as:
Even worse than the lemmings following this Pied Piper is the media. OMG can you believe the attention they've showered on this moron? They've given him the perfect platform to spread this idiocy. If they devoted the same amount of time to say, the homeless, can you imagine the progress that might be made in eradicating the problem since the masses would no longer be able to turn a blind eye to it?
If you're interested in reading the first fifty pages and/or voting for me, I would be so appreciative! If you don't have a Wattpad login, you will have to sign up. I know that kind of stuff can be a pain, so thank you thank you!!
So I am going to attach a list here of all the things available, I was hoping to do it this week, but apparently I am just not that computer savvy. So hopefully I will figure out how to link everything up by next week, as always you may mix and match from the previous weeks, and this weeks treat for a full week order is a Carmel covered popcorn and preztel mix.
Each scenario I think can be extrapolated to be about advertising partnerships, whether they're the traditional art-director/copywriter partnership or account/creative or agency/client.
08. Breathe Reprise
Tuesday's statement said that earlier this month Defence Minister Ehud Barak signed a decree declaring the London centre "an association illegal in Israel".
(What??)
When crude oil prices are dropping hedgers and speculators who are long the crude oil market lose money while those who are short make money.
Therefore, our first stop is at Kadidiri which is easily accessible from the village. Kadidiri has three separate hotels squished together on a small beach. All of the hotel prices include all three meals because tourists have no other options for finding food. Our choice is the most basic place with an outhouse, mandi (tub of water you pour over yourself with a cup) and terrible food - a piece of cake for breakfast and then fish, rice, vegetable x2, repeat daily. This must be the only tropical island in the world without fruit. But they do make up for their other deficiencies by giving us free snorkel trips and gear (sort of gear) when the more posh places charge their guests for the same.
Each time th can was launched it got bigger, and each time it got bigger the leaders had to take more money from the people’s future to launch it away from the town.
This review is the first He Said/She Said review written by my wife, Lore and me. Hopefully, we'll do more in the future. When I came back with my haul from BEA Soulless by Gail Carriger immediately caught her eye. It is rare that she reads a fiction book let alone a fantasy book except for the occasional Gaiman or vampire related read, as she is much more of a non-fiction fan. I've been telling her about Steampunk for quite a while and this one seemed to fit the bill to initiate her into the fold. She has since enjoyed Clockwork Heart as well. Please note we did write these without reading the others' thoughts so some ground has been covered in both takes.
Just look at it!!
All the ornaments are made using vintage or vintage-style supplies.
Another important act that performed out here in the early days was an Irishman named Pat Rooney. The Irish dominated the variety scene in the early decades…there were hundreds of performers who did a Hibernian act and Pat Rooney would be way at the top of the list of the most famous and beloved. As we saw with Weber and Fields, ethnic groups were generally reduced to humorous stereotypes. To us, Pat Rooney’s outfit would look like a leprechaun costume, although he was credited with giving one of the more nuanced and human portrayals of his day. Picture knee breeches and shoes with big buckles and a big checked coat and a dented plug hat, and glued on red whiskers, and a big, flowing bow tie of the old fashioned sort that actually looks like a bow. Rooney would clog dance, and sing humorous and sentimental songs like “Owen Riley” and “The Sound Democrat”. He passed away in the 1890s but he was the father of a whole dynasty of Pat Rooneys. His son Pat Rooney, Jr. was even more famous than he was and was a big star in the hey day of vaudeville, and Pat Rooney III was performing as late as the 1960s.
Chardon, Ohio – On February 27, 2012 a student attending Chardon High school outside of Cleveland, T.J. Lane brought to school a .22 caliber semi-automatic Rugar handgun setting off 10 shots, killing 3 and wounding 2 of his classmates and peers. Lanes’ medical records have not been released yet in determining whether he was on Strattera, Various, or any of the antidepressants.
Barisan Nasional grassroots leaders, increasingly disconcerted by the reach of Radio Free Sarawak (RFS) in the interior of Sarawak, are claiming that the news aired by the Internet broadcasting network is “poisoning” the “mentality” of the native Dayaks.
So what did the Lord mean that such would not be forgiven neither in this world nor in the world to come? He was referring to the nation of Israel for they had the opportunity to repent and be converted. The message was taken to the Sanhedrin, the supreme council of the Jews, and they took the law into their own hands speaking against the Holy Ghost.
Enjoy the journey.
The temperature is back to 80-degrees as I write this post, so hopefully we've seen the last of black tights for the season. Which means I'd better stock up on self-tanner before I frighten the neighbors! Are you still dressing for Fall, or have you made the switch to Spring? What color do you like to layer in tones?
for a while, to be fair.
10. Husbands
I heard the voices low and slow
You’re the top!
“What missionary—?” Grayson caught himself. “No, she didn’t.” He shrugged him off. “I’m positive she was kidnapped. You just write it up and get it in the papers. I’ll contact the authorities. Valderas already has a three or four day head start on us.”
And we headed to down town to eat.
So S, how long should I wait for? Cuz I’ve been waiting a long time and nothing has happened.
What are we up against? When we assess our condition a metaphor springs to mind and it seems to me that we are benighted in dark woods and need to strike a light and find our way back. The UK is ruled by an ideological caste which is a self-selecting elite of people who hold the correct opinions and express them which demands total acceptance of the ideology for one to advance in life; it is a Kleptocracy, as they rob the population by deceit and theft from public funds. If you meet the ideological criteria you can fiddle yourself a fortune. Blair’s expenses records have now been accidentally shredded! Opening the door to immigration is a nice, little earner if your wife is a Human Rights lawyer.
Lifetime Achievement
Is there pressure for you to push your child to do something that perhaps just needs time?
Mother’s Day is Sunday, May 13th. Please get orders in by Friday (5/4/2012).
The pie-shape is explained using the Fourier heat dissipation analysis. The square , rectangle, sawtooth, and circle sweeps are explained in the stanford VLF geometric modulation papers.
time for those big girl panties back on! - live IN the moment is my biggest dream for us all - we miss so much thinking in the past and toward the future - just stop - realize NOW and enjoy it - say "i love you" to that moment - i'm telling you - it takes you a LONG way when you can actively pursue this challenge!
“To the University of Michigan, the contemporary identification, cataloging and examination of the human remains and cultural artifacts of indigenous people may constitute an academic exercise,” Bay Mills executive council President Jeffrey D. Parker wrote to Forrest. “To the Bay Mills Indian Community, these activities are unwelcome and insensitive intrusions upon our ancestors which require our active intervention to ameliorate.”
The trainer would not have been so bad if I wasn’t stuck on it last week because of all the rain. I made a little stand to hold up my Droid so I could watch tv episodes on netflix (again, we have no cable so the tv in this room is useless). It was either that or stare blankly at a wall for nearly an hour. All in all, it was a fantastic weekend. But, I (especially my body) am glad that this is a once in a year thing.
You will receive an e-mail confirmation containing the tracking number of your package once your item ships. Shipping information is available on your Account page, where you can also track your order.
Part of Catherine’s award is a bursary of $10,000 which she is using to run “Influential Women” forums with her partner Elizabeth Brennan to build capacity and confidence in rural women to empower them to engage and build consumer/producer relationships. Catherine is committed to encouraging rural women to celebrate the roles that they play in agriculture, communicate more effectively with the consumer and each other and collaborate between industries to speak and act with a united voice. She is hoping the forums will also act as a conduit into other leadership programs.
I'm pretty sure they are OK for a day or two re uniforms. Maybe. They'll be fine.
They still do however, like with many who have taken the job before Hodgson, have the power to ruin the man. It is the Sun who have centred his appointment around something so trivial as his inability to pronounce the letter “r” and some writer’s remain so firmly in the Redknapp camp that they find it impossible to renege on their view and get behind the FA’s choice. His doomed spell at Liverpool, quite rightly, has been brought up as a supposed indication he can not work with big players; his belief in heavily-organised training sessions at Melwood during his reign on Merseyside were questioned by players and his record of just seven wins from his opening twenty matches at Anfield, compunded with the over-hanging spectre of club legend Kenny Dalglish and the well-documented storm at boardroom level, Hodgson was never going to last long. He was out by January.
Will you be patient and teach me to understand you,
When one of my best friends passed away, I never had those “paradam” or hunted stories. After the pasiyam or 9-day novena made for Anna, I never felt any signs of encounters from her. I was all sad and silently grieving over the past weeks. There was no day that she wouldn’t enter my mind. I was always reminded of the thought I lost one great friend and a lifetime wouldn’t be even enough for me to forget her.
GET IN.
First published: December 21st, 2010.
That sends the wrong message when attracting new users. A truly social ecosystem cannot be controlled, nor should it be dominated by its own employees who push their own agenda. According to Whittaker, “Google was the rich kid who, after having discovered he wasn’t invited to the party, built his own party in retaliation.”
In Part 1 I talked about the misconception of the separation between mind and body. In Part 2 I wrote about how that misconception leads us to respond in ways that will reinforce rather than help the condition, and that what we need to do is start listening to what our body is telling us and change our responses. In this post, I thought I would outline the impact taking this approach has had on my illness.
I'll illustrate what I'm talking about with a couple of examples - on Saturday a woman turned up wearing a jacket with a fox head on the hood and a tail on the back. Like, from an actual literal dead fox. To a huntsab benefit. There were people there who have dedicated their lives to stopping bloodsports, and she just blithely turned up like it wouldn't be a problem - even going so far as to act offended when people told her that it was sick, and claim that she was being 'attacked'. I mean, what the fucking fuck did she expect? Everyone to coo and tell her how lovely it was?
I shouldn’t comment on the food, given I’ve nothing polite to say about it. Suffice it to say we opted for fish and chips down at the harbour – and have both been struck by very unhappy guts. There you go, another bad review for me to write (I’ve been making a habit of it of late…).
I’m teaching my Superheroes seminar again this Spring term at Washington & Lee University, and Marvel very kindly scheduled The Avengers to fit on the syllabus. So my students and I abandoned our classroom and strolled downtown to our smallville theater. Here’s their analytical verdict.
Lidiya
Alright, so now that you’re back, I shall continue with my story.
Or how about a quadrille of lobster in your kitchen? A risk of lobsters if you will (you learn something new everyday - and how I love to learn new collective nouns - yes I'm a geek!)
The Japanese are doing the most difficult kind of social/economic calculus, in real time, and under time pressure, with many unknowns. It's about as challenging as decisions can get. And they are working their way through this. May luck be on their side.
Pour batter into three 8" round greased and floured pans. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into center comes out clean.
19. PMS: Your Problem…Not His
Angels..
I make all the same card because some of my friends and family have asked for one of each when I tried doing multiple designs. Plus, the design process is the longest part for me. I compare making Christmas cards to being an event planner. I have to come up with a concept, determine the necessary amount of supplies, get bids from various providers on what is needed, make sure the accessories are in place and then make it happen.
MYLUNE: I wouldn’t want the other poor letters to feel like I don’t love them too!
And yet I encounter many, many people who feel trapped, held hostage by lifestyles, jobs, opinions, beliefs, fears and information. I offer a few examples: While we have unrestricted freedom to travel and explore a huge and diverse part of this planet, I know many, many people who never leave the small paths of the life they know. Having access to cars, fuel and freedom, many people choose to stay in one place. They are afraid of what might happen. We have global employment opportunities and yet we complain of unfulfilling jobs which we simply endure. We have access to a diverse array of cultures, ideas and creative talent but repeatedly choose the familiar. Our education system is well-funded (really, it is) and locally influenced but we are tragically and consistently failing to re-invent it to be relevant in a post-modern world.
I am so happy about that.
Holy smokes! I almost forgot to upload a picture today. I didn’t do it this morning because we were going to go for a walk later, and I thought I might get some good shots that would be great for the blog. Then I didn’t bring the picture-taking-device as I thought “how many pictures of kids on a trail and boats on the water can you have before it gets repetitive?” and so I left the camera at home. Well it turns out I should’ve brought it. Tevye and Saarah were both walking along the trail, holding hands the entire way and it was very cute. They kept veering off to the side and almost into the ocean or into the bushes. I had to keep correcting them. Then we found a cellphone that had been dropped along the way and we hung out and returned it to it’s owner. Then a big truck was bringing a boat to the water and launching it. We hung out for a while and watched that as well. Then we came home and had juice.
Nine words his mother had said to him after the betrayal was revealed. Nine words.
~ by May Swenson
Especially when it comes to Samuel Vimes, who commands the City Watch in Ankh-Morpork, the starring city-state in Pratchett’s Discworld. There are around forty Discworld novels. I’ve read six or seven, mostly the ones for kids, and this is the first involving Commander Vimes.
“Pigeons have bare feet,” my friend explained. “It’s quite a widely-known fact. Pigeons don’t wear shoes. Not even flip-flops. No animals like CS gas. It’s not just humans.”
‘tween a toy gun and a real one, and
if you hold fast to the word I preached to you,
The UN pay dates back to 1921 when the League of Nations, the UN’s predecessor, decided its staff should be paid the same as the highest paid national civil servants. They believed this would attract the best and the brightest. Since then, an independent commission tasked with setting salaries of international civil servants has used the U.S. federal pay as a keystone.
I started rhemicaid, a super anti-inflammatory, two years ago. It helped reduce the inflammation the lupus was causing and in doing so decreased the amount of activity and damage it was doing. Once I had been on it a year, I was doing better, feeling better, but my insurance refused to pay for it any longer. So, I had to start taking Enbrel shots, which do not work near as well as the Rhemicaid IV. About the time I was switched from Rhemicaid to Enbrel, I decided to start trying to make a go of my photography career. It has been slow going, and I don’t stay very busy, but it has given me something else to focus on, something to look forward to. Right now, I just try to maintain, get through each day, keep my pain level down and squeeze as much out of each day that I can. I never plan ahead, and I try not to promise anyone anything because I never know what day is going to be a bad one until I get out of bed that day. And sometimes, days that start out great end really badly. I have learned how much I can push my body and what signs to look for. I also know what those signs mean.
I took a picture of the beer poured in a pint glass, but my friend erased it before I could upload it. Anyway, it was very dark, almost black, with a creamy, light brown head. This beer was tasty. I could taste the sort of granite taste it's supposed to have. This beer was just as smooth as all the others from Samuel Smith.
And in fact much of the criticisms toward Romney stem form his inability to "feel other people's pain," which this incident aligns with perfectly.
It's way past dinner time. I guess I'll just rip my face off.
Brody & Kylee both are being fitted for leg braces to try to help them with their CP. This will be round 2 for Kylee and Brody’s first time in them. If you’re a long time follower you might remember Kylee wearing both an AFO & an SMO when she was 17 months old. Although she wasn’t walking at that point, she did well with the braces and they didn’t seem to bother her at all. She and Brody will both be getting AFO’s this time, Brody on both legs helping to hold his feet flat and giving him a good stretch and Kylee just on her left, guiding her foot to a natural position when she walks/runs.
There are a few adverse side effects of tea, though the benefits greatly outweigh them. If one is sensitive to caffeine, that has had too much caffeine, or has a sensitive stomach, then drinking tea may cause nausea, sleeping problems, tremors, restlessness, and upset stomach. It is also not advisable to give green tea to children since they can be over sensitive to caffeine.
181st place: Myanmar (97)
-Actually talking about names for these two little babies who will be joining us.
In addition to introducing newcomers Jared Gilman and Kara Hayward, who portray the young boy and girl, Moonrise Kingdom features a cast of well-known and award-winning actors. Bruce Willis is cast as the town sheriff, Captain Sharp. Academy Award nominee Edward Norton is the Khaki Scout troop leader, Scout Master Ward.
Like many masters of comic book storytelling, Cole mined his sub-conscious for stories and details. In the late 1940’s, as we see here, there is a curious development where his art and mastery of visual storytelling techniques reach a peak seldom passed by other comic book creators of any era, but his storytelling seems to collapse under the weight of some unseen, inner pressure.
Happy Friday everyone.
Cy Vance Jr., the Manhattan district attorney, whose office would prosecute students under such a law, said: “We don’t think legislation is the best way to deal with cyber-bullying. When we take the opportunity to have kids talk to us and listen to us, we make more progress than the police.”
"your love never fails, it never gives up, it never runs out on me."
Wednesday, April 25:
Anyway. One Sunday afternoon when Jon and I were trading ideas, he began to write a Bill and Ben sketch that we used for the segment that sees the TARDIS stuck in the 1950s. It started out as a conventional sketch and then just got silly. Two of the girls played Bill and Ben, Jon narrated and his wife spent the entire skit standing in a flowerpot with a daffodil on her head, playing Little Weed. It took him no more than fifteen minutes to throw the thing together but I think there’s a reason why I still remember it over a decade later. You will have to imagine the flobadobs, which really were quite effective.
Your education might be the most important investment you make in your life. Without proper training, your chances at success are greatly diminished. A proper Art college will certainly train you and equip you with the tools needed to make it big in your profession.
King of the North Pepper - 23
Void of anything.
“Federal Restricted Buildings and Grounds Improvement Act of 2011,”
But replace wizard, with God. He does things precisely when He means to. Now, I think sometimes…as Frodo did, “You’re late”…but God says that He has the perfect timing, that He has worked the timing according to His divine will and purpose
Regarding the new skyscraper to rival the Empire state, if you consider the empty lure of jobs the developer offered (most temporary) and the faked necessity (calling it "much needed office space" in a market already over stocked with empty offices and that's before the new Worl Trade Center is built) and the payoff factor as I call it, ($100 million to the MTA to renew surrounding stations the developer Vornado has offered to sweeten the deal, the MTA's acceptance of the $100mil is a clear message to other developers that they need only pay-up to build-up) and I think you have clear reasons why approving this plan was a mistake and an declared disregard for past standards.
Our good friends are up and moving to Portland. We are truly going to miss them. Who's going to be our regular Friday night dinner dates? Their beautiful girl turns three in a few weeks, and they decided to combine the two events - an early birthday party with a goodbye party. It started out as a simple gathering with pizza and beer. Then the birthday girl had an adorable black and white dress with bumblebees on it... and all of a sudden, it morphed into a full-on shindig with a theme and tons of good eats (including homemade lumpia and adorable s'mores pops!). Nanette sent me a photo of Em's dress and some thought-starter photos. She asked for lemon with lemon curd and lemon or vanilla frosting. They were expecting 50+ guests, so I wanted a large base layer to feed most of the party plus a top layer shaped like a beehive for decoration and extra servings.
The coalition government appears to have reversed its position on privacy against the database state. This news follows a little-reported announcement by Francis Maude that the coalition will ‘look again’ at broad data-sharing powers for government bodies abandoned by Jack Straw in 2009. Those plans would have allowed ministers to set aside confidentiality whenever it was convenient to them to use any information held about members of the public for new purposes.
This is from the next morning. It does look like I got into quite the kerfuffle doesn't it?
The employee needs to see what the industry average numbers are…and what the best of the best are able to do…the benchmark numbers…
My dog injured her rear leg pretty bad. Her collar got stuck on a bookshelf handle and the entire thing fell on her. We are watching it and hoping she'll be ok. She is 12 years old.
Basically when you make soap, you mix the water and caustic soda/lye together and they will heat up without you doing anything to them. That is the first chemical reaction. Then you combine the oils and heat them on the stove. Now you wait till the lye and water solution cools to around 50c and the oils heat up to 50c. You need them to both be at the same temperature and when they are you mix them together and start stirring. When you reach "trace" and that is explained below, you pour the soap into moulds and wait for it to set.
Here's how it begins:
The Apache Trail was built in the early part of the 20th century to allow access for the vehicles and labour trucked in to build the Roosevelt Dam. The dam resulted in a string of finger lakes that cut through the high, dry mountainous desert. Teddy Roosevelt said the following about the Apache Trail:
On arrival, the girl’s blood alcohol content was found to be 0.25 – five times the limit for driving a vehicle and devastating for a young girl’s health and welfare.
Yoochun: It’d be best to go over without any makeup. Absolutely none. And no dyed hair, preferably in its natural condition.
Looking at what has already been proposed, I do not think he was suggesting a loop hole to allow blown diffusers, but perhaps other areas where the exhaust could be blown to benefit aero.
Like, what does it mean when publishing professionals say they want 'The Same, But Different?' I get so sick of bestseller knock-offs that it really beats the jeebers outta me. But, I read a TON, as a book reviewer, compared to the average reader, I guess. And I prefer a buffet. So, things get repetitive to me fast.
I'm sure there are all sorts of other delights I'll be missing but after two nights in an Edinburgh hotel, we're decamping to Linda Strachan's house. Then home via York, where we'll visit Shandy Hall. Now there was a writer whose festival sessions I'd have paid good money to attend.
The plan is backed by Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith, who says fathers should have both a right and a responsibility to be formally acknowledged by the state.
It does make me wonder those people who follow a handful a day or who are following so many people if they are able to have tangible conversations and see the bits of info they want (yes I know list function) or is it a popularity contest to have large amounts of followers?
Click MORE to read the possible BAD news…
“When you plant lettuce, if it does not grow well, you don't blame the lettuce. You look for reasons it is not doing well. It may need fertilizer, or more water, or less sun. You never blame the lettuce. Yet if we have problems with our friends or family, we blame the other person. But if we know how to take care of them, they will grow well, like the lettuce. Blaming has no positive effect at all, nor does trying to persuade using reason and argument. That is my experience. No blame, no reasoning, no argument, just understanding. If you understand, and you show that you understand, you can love, and the situation will change.”
Crushed by Your Father to call me Your own
Obama — whose father, stepfather, brother and grandfather were Muslims — explained his own first name, Barack, in “Dreams”: “It means ‘Blessed.’ In Arabic. My grandfather was a Muslim.”
Its time to say to your friends.. Hey did you just play the new Angry Birds Space.
Edward Alan Gouthwaite (Ind) 248
EXAMPLES OF THE URGENT:
Imagine that moment with our Heavenly Father. You know the moment when it all just clicks? When it feels like you are looking and looking and confused and lost - and then suddenly His face comes into focus and you lock eyes with Him. And you feel this sense of relief and joy. Oh. There you are.
In the meadow we can build a snowman,
The band and the orchestra played well off each other, with the orchestra creating a wall of sound – particularly effective during the surreal experience of seeing classical musicians play Dearg Doom.
The nation’s most cherished procession returns once more for a dazzling dose of spectacle, enchantment and tradition as the 84th Annual Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade® kicks off the holiday season. On Thursday, Nov 25, 2010 at 9 a.m., the world will rejoice as the march begins at the sound of “Let’s Have A Parade™!” With more than 3.5 million spectators lining the streets of New York City and more than 50 million viewers tuning in nationwide, America’s Parade will present its signature giant helium balloons, fantastic floats, marching bands, performers, clowns, and the one-and-only Santa Claus. It’s a spectacular line-up that is more than 8,000 magic-makers strong!
I still have the rotten asthmatic cough so I'm seeing my doctor in the morning. Apart from it driving me to madness, I need to get it cleared up before my angiogram....still no date for that yet.
So as the faithful vehicle wound further, and further into the tractless wilderness I wondered, is the browser Opera prounced “O-pe-ra” or “Oh-prah”, because some girl I was talking to said “Oh-prah” and I though it was kind of funny and picked her up on it, in a non-aggressive manner.
If you don’t know, Jerry Seinfeld is a successful comic and TV actor. He rose to fame in the 90s. To stay creative and always be current, he would write his material and jokes every day. His secret to staying productive was to use a paper wall calendar as a way of motivating himself. After every writing session for the day was complete, he would go to his calendar and take a giant red marker and draw a big red X over that day. After awhile, this accumulates on the calendar. And he would see a chain of days that was productive and his goal from then on was to never break the chain. Once he skipped a day, he didn’t receive an X for that day and the chain would be broken.
Sri Lanka: Kumar Sangakkara (captain-wicketkeeper), Tillakaratne Dilshan, SanathJayasuriya, Mahela Jayawardene, Thilina Kandamby, Chamara Kapugedera, Nuwan Kulasekara, Lasith Malinga, Ajantha Mendis, Thilan Samaraweera, Upul Tharanga, Chanaka Welegedara, Muthumudalige Pushpakumara, Suraj Randiv and Thissara Perera.
He finally considered all of these things, and having received a call from the Bodrum hamam boss where he worked last year, decided to take some time off from the Kusadasi job and explore the possibility of working at the hamam. He started there on Tuesday. The Kusadasi job was originally only temporary, but they had asked him to stay on. He wanted to keep his options open in case the hamam job didn't live up to his expectations. This evening he tells me that he will stay with the hamam and has informed the Kusadasi people that he won't be returning.
Weird! (laughs) My personality is always black and white. It’s never in the middle.
who loves to play in it.
First, a few caveats:
I am all alone in my house, that is a miracle that doesn't happen that often. Since Hannah is in preschool I guess it happens about twice a week, sometimes less, but never more. Eric is home taking his last few days of vacation before the-powers-that-be start a new vacation accruing year and the time starts over. You'd think that would happen on January 1st, but it doesn't in large companies. I have no idea why.
and a series of surgeries and treatments that would change our lives. Ellen
What’s a long weekend without a fair? It’s not a long weekend. That’s what. New rule. I’ve decided. Don’t know about you but according to my new rule I’ve had a long weekend. Because I went to a fair. Na na na na naaaaaaaaa!
If I’m honest, one of the biggest problems for me was realising how difficult it was going to be to get a good photo of anyone. The simple fact is, when I take a photo of someone, I want to make him or her look cool or interesting.
Reviewed by Orchid
a chance to play with them....until now that is!!
Me: "No. That's not what it means. C'mere and let's talk about where some babies come from ..."
From there Girl Crazy becomes a variation on the hey-kids-let's-put-on-a-show formula that framed all the Mickey-and-Judy musicals, the variation this time being hey-kids-let's-put-on-a-rodeo-and-save-the-school-from-closing. The plot is within hailing distance (just barely) of Bolton and McGowan's original book, but it's beside the point anyway, as it was on Broadway. In 1943, with Hollywood in general, and the Freed Unit at MGM in particular, operating at an all-time peak of efficiency and self-confidence, Girl Crazy was then what it remains today: an exhilarating series of musical highlights, one after another, bathing the screen in an embarrassment of riches. Clive Hirschhorn's succinct appraisal is oft-quoted because it's the plain truth: "Gershwin never had it so good."
The segment also included his prediction that “If I don’t have this done in three years, then there’s going to be a one-term proposition.” The likelihood that Obama can be reelected with 8.6% unemployment, $4 gas at the pump, massive housing loan foreclosures, and a still stagnant economy grows smaller by the week.
Do not, under any circumstances, judge the movie or make opinions or get upset about the tweaks from the original story until the credits have started to roll, the things you saw in the last two hours roll around in your head for a bit, and you figure out what lasting impression the movie has left with you.
If you’re perplexed by the absurdities of the music industry in, say, the United States, then consider India. At Musexpo on Monday, Indian entrepreneur Vijar Nair described a situation that involves 1.2 billion inhabitants, something like one download store, and a ragingly-successful ringback tone industry. Here are some of the stranger aspects.
My new town does not provide sanitation services. Trash here is also provided by a private company. ONE private company. This company charges $11 per month to pick up my trash. Not terribly expensive. However, I do not have the choice to take my business elsewhere if I don't want to use them.
As I predicted the MP who attacked fellow Members while drunk in a Westminster bar was dealt with by the Chief Magistrate, Howard Riddle.
(8.5/10)
This bill would:
Der Maibaum – The May Tree
Although the Microsoft-B&N deal is surprising, the bookseller’s decision to spin off its Nook unit isn’t. Back in January, the company released a statement saying it was exploring the possibility of spinning off the operation so it could “unlock” the value of the Nook unit. In today’s statement, Barnes & Noble said that Newco is still a work in progress, adding that it can provide “no assurance that the review will result in a strategic separation or the creation of a standalone public company.”
I've always known the best part of life is spending it surrounded by God's treasures, and knowing that no matter how many you come to love, you will never run out of space to know and love more. Sure life is tricky, but it's a really good deal.
I started a liver cleanse this week, to kick off getting healthy(er). I've done this same program twice prior to this, and I love the way it makes me feel afterwards. I thought it would be an ideal way to get on track and keep eating super clean from my prior experiences.
In forty five degrees
Hair: !*Bliss Hair*! Seirra Hair – Champagne
Afterwards, the kids took a photo with Santa. Let's just say, he wasn't the most smiley Santa I've seen. I guess it was towards the end of his 'shift'! ;) In anycase, Khloe didn't seem to mind, she was all about the candy in his little bag!
Architect: Unknown
It is a shame, and now being seen as lack of care by myself, that children who do not fit the “gifted” profile, the children who need help, children such as Jacob, are the ones the Palm Beach County School District have chosen to overlook.
So, if you see me doing something really bizarre it may not be because I am tremendously brave or quirky… just looking to do something that I can put in my bio!
I know, I know. I'm embarrassed of myself. (Except not really at all, because if you were there, you would have done the same exact thing. He was a fucking prince, y'all!)
I'm making progress, slowly but surely. It took me a while to choose a Theme but once I did the color was easy... I mean seriously, do Cardinals come in other colors? nooooooo lol..
He eventually revealed his identity as Mariano Rivera, the ace reliever for the New York Yankees who is considered to be one of the best closers in baseball history. Mr. Rivera was cool with Ry’s inability to recognize his stardom, and even let Ry have his picture taken with him to show there were no hard feelings. Ry proudly displayed it as his profile picture on his facebook page.
I'm using my Revlon blush brush but I'd suggest getting a kabuki. I did have a kabuki but a rogue dog decided to chew it. It's alright though, I know where this dog lives. I dab my brush into it once and that's enough for one cheek. If you swirl it then you're asking for trouble as I did that the very first time I used it and I had to remove it and re-apply.
We had to find time, of course, to fit in morning tea with scones, a light lunch, a brisk walk back to our lodgings for an afternoon nap, a brisk walk back to the pub for an aperitif and dinner. Which was more or less a reprise of the previous night’s buffet. New main players in roast leg of lamb, roast pork, lamb shanks, prawn curry and grilled trout. Same supporting act of spuds, spinach, pumpkin and so on. Not awe-inspiring, but close to as good as a buffet can get. The best buffet I ever saw was on the cruise ship the Norwegian Gem when Anna and I were on our honeymoon. All the usual suspects as above, but with the addition of about five ‘live’ cooking stations where food was prepared on order. A pasta station, a steak grill station, a pizza station and so on. Oh, what a trip that was…..
Sandler plays Happy Gilmore, a blue collar loser who dreams of playing professional hockey, but lacks the skill. He inadvertently discovers he has a knack from driving a golf ball when he takesa bet with some movers who kicking his widowed grandmother out of her house. Gilmore begins taking driving bets with other golfers to earn money to save his grandmother’s house. He catches the eye of former pro golfer Chubbs Peterson (Carl Weathers) who convinces Gilmore to go pro.
Whenever radicalism will have the upper hand and the war camp will win, then I am afraid that my next post will need to talk about the Grand War.
Good luck and Happy Hunting!
Though I am not from Boston, I have several recordings from the Metrowave program on WERS at Emerson College in Boston. Up until 1989 they used to broadcast bands every Sunday evening giving an opportunity for Boston area bands to perform on the radio. One of my favourite recordings from this station is a session with the Volcano Suns. Earlier this year, I posted their first album, The Bright Orange Years, but unfortunately I was forced to delete the link due to a complaint and threat of further action. The good news is that this VS's show is amazing and I personally like this better than the album. The performance is tight and the sound is bright and near perfect. If you're a fan or are curious about the band this is not to be missed, this might be their finest moment!
Hearing the media call the last play in the Bronco/Steeler game yesterday "divine" does piss me off. It wasn't divine. It was talent and luck. Nothing more, nothing less.
Candied Nuts (page 62)
Wandering Words w $7.00SOLD
♥~Giveaway ends 5/1 11:59 EST .
Hopefully I'll get to post a New Orleans recap (or what I can remember . . . the bf tallied my drinks for the weekend, and wowza . . .) but first I have to share my flight home with all, I hope this is still funny now that I'm sober and have gotten a decent night's sleep:
Mines, Diane 2005 Fierce Gods. Inequality, Ritual and the Politics of Dignity in a South Indian Village, Bloomington: Indiana University Press.
RRP: £5.99
Now for the rewards. Before this, they got to watch TV and play on the computer when they wanted within reason. The problem was, I had to subjectively judge their behaviour and decide weather they deserved to get to do these things or not and when. Now, they were beyond excited to be able to use the tickets to do the very same activities they were doing before. The difference is that Accountable Kids system regulates that the chores are done, before the ticket is available for the activity. And one activity can be done per ticket. I didn't have to run the risk of being "unfair" or have to play fun police all the time. That was wearing me pretty thin. They were now regulating themselves! Of course, that's not to say, that you can just put a bunch of cards on the peg and walk away expecting your household to run smoothly. But, having the construct of the peg board and responsibility cards helps me be more consistent with checking what they've done. I can't decide to be a stickler for rules one day and let them run amok the next. So it helps me and it helps them. ﻿﻿﻿﻿
A6 You Don't Do Enough 3:03
MIME-Version: 1.0
But I much prefer objects with patina, provenance, crazing, chips. Made of wood and stone and glass and porcelain, often worn smooth by others’ hands, cradled 100 or 200 or 500 years ago by someone long gone.
NOW IT IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN EVER TO SPEAK UP FOR WHAT WE KNOW IN OUR HEART IS RIGHT
I know some of you must be wondering how this could affect me 4 years after the fact. There’s seems to be a perception that people just “get over” being raped in a short amount of time. But I’m here to tell you that that simply is not how it works. Granted, every person is different in their reaction. Personally, I didn’t start feeling severe effects until months afterward. But I began experiencing severe mood swings and frequent panic attacks.
All of these circles were cut with the Circle Scissors Plus. That lovely designer paper is Autumn Spice from the Holiday Mini Catalog. :)
Age: 7
“I’m so tired”
Mbombela - Mpumalanga ANC chairperson and Premier David Mabuza believes certain members within the ruling party are out to destroy the ANC.
People “feel that if they distract themselves, the problem will take care of itself, the marriage will just dissolve,” says Susan Pease Gadoua, a clinical, licensed social worker, author of “Contemplating Divorce” and director of Changing Marriage in San Rafael, Calif., which helps couples whose relationships are in strife.
It’s really fun to go there and not to anything. I mean, literally. Just sitting there, enjoying the sun, enjoying each other’s company, reading a book, people watch. Relaxing only.
I bought two sizes of markers (0.7 and 1.2) in a few different colors, and just started creating designs by placing dots near one another. At first, I used Martha Stewart's templates as inspirations for my designs.
Reesenews.org, on a student level, will look at different models. We constantly ask how we can serve journalism, both from a practical and theoretical standpoint, on current and emerging platforms. The site itself is non-traditional and looks to create a design bridge between the browser and tablet interface experiences.
Despite the Maryland liquor laws, a Howard County grocery store is selling beer and wine! They will sell you produce, slice your deli meats, and offer you a full butcher shop.
It’s Sunday morning. It’s my son’s birthday. It’s been a lovely weekend so far. I anticipate a lovely day today.
IS 51:11-16;
Happy birthday to my wonderful, sweet little girl, who turned five yesterday. You are a gift from God that your father and I treasure every day. May you always be blessed.
All I could do was hug her when she told me that story years later- hug her and do my best to empathize. She knows well what it means to be persecuted. But did she feel blessed? Was she the epitome of a joyful overcomer? Not exactly.
For now, I am going to reach backwards in time to hug our Mayan ancestors for leaving us such an incredible time-piece within our DNA. I will equally reach next door to hug my landlady for being in such vibrant alignment within herself and this amazing place that is soooo alive…. and equally across every aspect of this globe to hug each of you for doing your part to being all of humanity to this most exciting time on earth!!
Toby and I both enjoyed this and found it to be a great way to use up quinoa but probably prefer my mothers tofu lasagna if we had to choose, but then you always prefer you mothers cooking, right? Overall though the quinoa worked really well as a filling, it held together well and was quite feeling, I wonder how it would go if I combined the two recipes.
A Splash of Vanilla
So we finally get to the front of the line. I have Jim (3), Joe (5) and Eme (7) with me. I'm not eating, since it's brunch, and I've already had breakfast, and I'm trying to be really good on my diet (I've gained 6 lbs since the holidays started - rrrrgh). So, the servers were told that people were not allowed to touch their own plate. It was to be passed by the servers. And they were also told that people weren't to get what they wanted, they were to get what they were given. Nice. Anyway, neither Jim nor Joe wanted potatoes or ham. Just the fruit and bread. So Joe ended up with ham AND potatoes, and Jim ended up with potatoes. And a TINY scoop of fruit, which was pineapple, which he wasn't gonna eat. He wanted the cantelope and grapes.
A beautiful woman can kiss her endlessly and never get in the same place.
And this one is for the 3D form:
So, I bought an inhaler, ran home, Googled it to make sure it was the right stuff and wasn't going to kill me and then proceeded to try and figure out how to use it. I've only used an inhaler one other time in my life AND it's this.....weird but cool child saftey type inhaler (i.e. you're fucked if you're sleep deprived and can't read the Spanish instruction manual).
3) a few hours later
:: If you raise one, it can be semi-tame.
What have you recently learned about writing, mes auteurs? And/or what are the best, worst, most and least helpful pieces of advice you've ever received with regard to writing?
Kaotoxin Records is an up-and-coming French label specialising in extreme metal, and has already put out releases by bands like Brutal Truth, Gronibard, Lycanthrophy, Magrudergrind and many more. M3 contacted label manager Nico for an insight into independent distribution, and to discuss the definition of ‘art’ in the digital age, the pros and cons of copyright and the label’s history…
Monterrey (Nuevo León), 64442
Maybe it comes down to what I’ve spoken of before: it is so hard to imagine a novel for yourself when you’ve already seen it imagined by others. I saw the film before I read the book, and I really enjoyed it. The filmmakers did brilliantly in constructing the film, the games and the world they were set in were brilliantly designed. The film made me want to read the book. It is only that, in reading it, I was disappointed. I wanted more than the book gave me.
“Real fear? It was something one experienced every six months. But then you don’t mind, every six months. But when you get a hammering every fortnight and it gets worse — it intensifies — then you’ve got to start thinking. I was only worried really by the heavy stuff. The rockets and the mortars. The small arms fire I could handle. The ambushes are the thing, though. Especially when you’re in an unprotected vehicle. Then the heavy stuff could put paid to your ticket.”
Man oh man, Peter started out as having the potential to become a registered sex offender. His first appearance had him videotaping a drunk Manny without her shirt on and sending it to the entire school. What a skeez. Then he convinced Darcy to post sexy pics of herself on the web and convinced a pedophile to come looking for her. He was then able to win idiot Darcy over and they eventually dated. As always though, they have to make all their characters eventually “likeable” and he helped Darcy out with dealing with the aftermath of her rape. Other highlights include becoming a meth addict for a grand total of 33 minutes and starting a nightclub for high school kids.
1) psychopaths, being control-driven individuals, can’t take rejection
I really look forward to visiting you all with this challenge...so ya better play along! Good luck for the Top 3! Have a great weekend all!
Let me share with you two sample layouts that I hope will inspire you.
Brewery Location: Escondido, CA
Sarah K. Smith, assistant producer, sarah@odysseystorytelling.com
8, Swift Code : If any
As I continue to explore the city and it’s offerings, the continuity of my journey will be expressed through my views as a nascent proponent of Buddhist philosophy. The many contradictions I’ve experienced thus far will most certainly give me much cause for rumination and the journey promises to be one of constant revelation and immersion within the very “stuff of life”. To walk the streets of this city and to listen to them whisper its secrets during the nights and days, bearing witness to the continuous movement of thought and intention through its streets, self-aware and observant, committed to the ideals upon which this country was built and upon which its promise has been disseminated throughout the entire world.
Olive, the Other Reindeer ... Cartoon Network (west) ... 12 PM
- plus more from Renault and Toro Rosso
Smuttynose S'Muttonator Doppelbock 9.5%
If you don't have the money to buy a copy now go to your library and beg them to order a copy. Though trust me this is a book that you will want to have your own copy of.
A blue and prickly flower keen
It didn’t take Finnegan long to realize that this was where he wanted to stay. Safe in the deep pool , out of the rushing waves, protected by this gentle creature.
On Radha Krishnan’s refusal,Jayendra Saraswati was reported to have hired Dadas to attack Radha Krishnan,
Prior to the Battle of Qadisiyyah, Sad ibn Abi Waqqas (ra) sent a delegation to Yazdagird, Emperor of Persia, headed by An-Nu’man ibn Muqarrin with the purpose of inviting the Emperor to Islam. Yazdagird greeted the delegation in the following way:
and when she realized, omg, my daddy is here too.
In that time of escape, I can better consider all of the people and things in my life
The result is a film that is beautiful, funny and sad in equal measure. Stanley’s tiredness and irritability as a result of his hunger, his shame about not having food when everyone else does and the pleasure the boys take in sharing their meal make it especially poignant. The film plays again at TIFF (check the schedule for showtimes) but I hope it gets a North American distributor because it’s a film kids everywhere should see.
Pointing to recent reports that 70 percent of the water abstracted for domestic purposes was “unaccounted for”, the man who controls the use and allocation of the nation’s water resources noted: “Unaccounted for water do not necessarily mean all leaks.”
Possible: Animated Film
She once said: "I bet you like reading Obituaries!" and yes, she was right.
The above article is based on a presentation Mr. McQuade made at a June 2006 conference at Long Island University about the history of the Brooklyn Paramount.
As a member of the Homeschool Buyers Co-op, we were able to get a great deal on Mark Kistler’s online programs. For $36 (a 60% discount!) you can order a 3 year family subscription. If you are already a member of the Co-op and you have accumulated smart points, you can also get the subscription for 4,000 points – free!
Nostalgia is summoned
Komen said it could not continue to fund Planned Parenthood because it has adopted new guidelines that bar it from funding organizations under congressional investigation. The House oversight and investigations
What the fuck have I been up to, you ask? Or not....maybe you don't give a shit any more than I do...but in case you do, I've been doing diddly fucking squat.
However, the “ACTIVISTS” sites which are being set up pertain to “Activist” issues only as a (NGO-Non Governmental Organization) and do not represent a “political party” in any form or fashion.
These fluffy pancakes
1 teaspoon vanilla (or coconut flavoring, I used 1/2 tsp vanilla and 1/2 tsp coconut)
I know NICE is really in existence to cut down on expensive drug use in the NHS; with a secret remit to get the drugs available down to either aspirin or paracetamol by the end of the year.
Seton Hospital came into the international spotlight in 1967, when President Lyndon Johnson paid a visit there, to see his first grandchild, Patrick Lyndon Nugent, who was born on June 21.
The important thing is to get the painting right and use the photos merely as influence. It would be so much easier if I had the perfect photo to work with, but life wasn't meant to be easy. Every
Merry Christmas to everyone and the Best wishes for the New Year!
I got rid of the crinum lilies (gift to my mom). They just aren't me. They grew well though. And by the way should you ever want to dig them up they the bulbs are the size of eggplants down there!
Around 90 per cent of the forest, that supports about a thousand different tree species (some endemic to Madagascar), has been cleared. The groups of lemurs usually filmed by wildlife documentaries are those few clinging onto a tiny wildlife reserve in the midst of a massive sisal plantation – that looks like a desert. The lemurs like hanging out around the visitors lodge. Most documentaries try to keep the reserve’s buidlings out of the shot, to create the feel of a natural wilderness - that has sadly been lost.
Now that may sound scary but there is lots of ways you can interpret this theme!!!
Friday July 23rd the moving truck deposited all of my belongings into this house, and that night a storm deposited a bunch of water into the basement. It seems, unfortunately, to have been a pretty accurate harbinger of how I would feel in the months to follow.
I started out with ordering Beer Battered Onion Rings ($4) – how could you say no to onion rings? You do get a good portion of onion rings but I found them to be a little too crunchy (too fried I guess). I still think A&W makes some of the best fast food onion rings around.
I think, even more so after attending this panel, that we truly all are Nerds, in one sense or another. Nerds are individuals with a strong love for something; be it a movie, book, series…. ANYTHING goes, & they are proud of their likes. What is something that you’re simply passionate about? Get your Nerd on & share with me!
totty- sorry to say but you are not a hottie as your nickname goes. you are cute but not up to the standards of perfect like myself. you also are a hag and do not even try to hide it. we are tired of your consignment shop tickers and your attentionwhoring ways. please stop.
I'd be singing this, loud and clear, especially if no one shared anything. You did though. You shared your thoughts. I overwhelmingly felt your moral support to my quandary. You didn't leave me hanging out to dry.
There is no way I would have been as dumb as these main characters were, inviting in a festering geezer like that. Sure enough, once he was inside, he started burping and farting like crazy, and then they tell him to lay down on some perfectly clean white sheets (which had to be a serious bitch to keep clean, as the cabin was in Buttfuck, Maine, without a washing machine in sight), and he starts bleeding from his ass like a hole-stretched, aged poofter, and leaves a trail of it on the floor as he goes to the shitter. Extremely inconsiderate, but that's what those do-gooder main characters get for trying to do the white thing.
"And that was your practice was it Kelly?!"
A lot of dog people think that getting their dog a puppy or another adult dog for companionship is a terrific idea, and it IS! But then it seems like fights break out, or the two dogs together seem to feed off each other’s misbehavior. Or even worse, the initial meeting goes awry and you end up with one very angry and territorial established pet.
Even more important, could I possible disclose something covered by an NDA? I'm under lots of NDA's that let me see advanced products and websites. If I was searching for things related to work with them or consulting work I do for people who want to be bleeding edge in technology, then I could be in breach of those NDA's, I would think, depending upon who saw it.
You don't have to give in to the struggle
Still we are all in it together and no doubt he is looking forward - whilst he waits for replies from all the CVs we have sent off - to sitting on the sofa, watching Jeremy Kyle whilst swigging lager and scratching his genitals. Like all the rest of the lazy population of unemployed who could find a job if they wanted.
For example: The Andean Community (Andean Pact) between Bolivia, Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. They established free trade between member countries and imposes a common tariff of 5 – 20 % on products imported from outside.
Today we are concerned that “those who are to be born” will be dominated by immigrant populations. We read repeated reports that we are becoming a minority in our own towns and cities. The immigrants are human and like us, are subject to the same failings, and are likely to treat us no better than they perceive we treated them.
took me to a nearby track and said
Today, when we went outside, he was determined to ride a big bike. This boy is only 2 1/2, and this was his 2nd lap. (he is already getting better, and we are working on stopping with the brakes rather than running into things, lol!)
Remember, if you’re telling what to do, he will do the opposite. So, no taking notes girls and then tell your man “here’s what you’re supposed to do to romance me”. That is not going to work. And you’re not gonna do it, that’s not gonna have him running down the pub very fast or retreating as far as he can get. What you can do girls, just before we get to what the man needs to go, is you can tell him what you love, you can go “oh, id love to do that, I’d love to go there, I’d love to have that” . And if the word love is too much for you, you go for the word “like”.
Whereas “drama” is just a lot of noise. It’s weddings on Christmas day. It’s transsexual farmers falling off the roof onto their own ex-wife, who should have known better than to be there, because the whole thing was previewed in the Daily Mirror. It’s a man with a head like a boiled sweet wheezing his way through a dalliance with homosexuality, and then “getting better” in time to marry his own long-lost sister, while negotiating for the purchase of the newsagent under which he buried his grandmother’s rapist after toppling a bookcase on him during one of Manchester’s many earthquakes and plane crashes.
About the Gatton Academy: The Gatton Academy offers a residential program for bright, highly motivated Kentucky high school students who have demonstrated interest in pursuing advanced careers in science, technology, engineering and mathematics. Approximately 60 students each year are admitted to the program through a competitive selection process. Instead of spending their junior and senior years in traditional high schools, students enroll in the Gatton Academy and live in a uniquely dedicated residence hall. The goals of the Gatton Academy are to enable Kentucky’s exceptional young scientists and mathematicians to learn in an environment that offers advanced educational opportunities and to prepare them for leadership roles in Kentucky. At the end of two years, Gatton Academy students earn at least 60 college credit hours in addition to completing high school. Contact: Corey Alderdice, (270) 745-6565.
Worth: ?
It's worth considering. Even if your bench is loaded with vises, you never know when a little ancient ingenuity will come in handy.
The injuries were found on Teoh’s right wrist, and Teoh is said to be right-handed.
Hellobonjour! :D
8. Flower
It’s May! As much as I love to see flowers blooming, and hear birds singing, the pollen count was a bit too high for my taste this year. Happy for the rain.
What are YOU watching right now? Any recommendations for me?
Cooked soybeans, roasted pumpkin and squash seed kernels, roasted, White beans, blackstrap molasses and lentils contain high levels of iron.
Perry's title directly references Orwell's notion of doublethink. Doublethink, says Orwell, is "to tell deliberate lies while genuinely believing in them, to forget any fact that has become inconvenient, and then, when it becomes necessary again, to draw it back from oblivion for just as long as it is needed, to deny the existence of objective reality and all the while to take account of the reality which one denies." While this is an excellent description of the rhetorical strategies of someone like Andrew Bolt, I saw few connections with the dance.
In the end, everything was sorted out with hot cups of tea. And the good news is that with all that Pastoral ability around, everyone was able to offer everyone else counselling. I saw them all this morning, and they all claim to be post-wet or ex-wet, and to have got over it. I dunno though. They all still seem pretty wet to me.
Stir the cornstarch into the simmering chocolate mixture
“Prageeth himself was abducted by such a van in 2009 and released after a day. Please use your position to investigate the disappearance of Prageeth Eknaligoda. Please make the results of this investigation public and hold accountable those responsible” Amnesty International USA stated in their petition.
Unfortunately, they'd been swamped. There were only two servers working, one of whom had been there since they opened and was in none too good of a mood (keep in mind that I put myself through grad school while waiting tables). Ahead of us, waiting to be seated, was a family of six, including a toddler- whose mother I recognized as one of our library dilletantes. We ended up in a booth right behind them.
But those doctors didn't know Chris. Chris is a fighter. He is the strongest and most determined man I have ever known. If you tell him he can't do something, he will do it, just to prove you wrong.
We've been slacking on home renovations lately. Why? Because one, we're running out of money. Two, we've opened way too many projects and kind of just left them hanging. And three, I'm starting to lose all motivation to get going again. With no goals in mind, I'm just sort of at a stand-still. So, I'm taking some time to revisit the before and after photos of our house transformation in hopes that it will spark something, like a firecracker, under my butt and I'll get all my creative ideas and motivation back. If you haven't seen or heard from us in a while, this is why..
But in June 2000, Ladakhi Buddhists launched an agitation to press their demand for Union Territorystatus, citing cultural, linguistic and geographical difference with the rest of Kashmir.
Yesterday we got her Christmas pictures done, and I was so excited with how they turned out. They cost more than I had hoped, but that's always expected when you see so many cute poses.
An ever present chirping lark,
why is she not here?
Mr. NC and I had a wonderful weekend with the grandchildren. All three visited on Friday and on Friday night we took them to see Mary Poppins at the Bass Performance Hall. It was a delightful play. This is our performance hall in downtown Fort Worth.
today seems to have flown by in a flash and hubby is just doing tea, very late tonight and then i need a bath yet and got to fetch all the stuff out the spare bedroom for tomorrows craft fair.i have a table in the craft hall and hubby is doing a carboot which my mum has offered to help him with.
Alrighty, now on to today's project. I just spent most of Sunday making this. In fact, it's 2am and the Stickles are still wet. Hope you like it!
The Lobster Eye
Then, I went home and had an afternoon in my pajamas browsing Pinterest (thank you Dad for the router that makes Pinterest browsing possible!).
8.Slice into squares.
We can easily let a reflection and a routine consume our mind. But the saying, "true beauty is on the inside" is not just a saying, friends, is it something that He tells us in His Word is true.
I thought I'd seen the worst that Christmas horror had to offer with Don't Open 'Till Christmas and Silent Night, Deadly Night 3, but Satan Claus makes those movies look like holy Christmas masterpieces by comparison. You can rest some of the blame with the film's low budget, but that doesn't excuse the horrible story or the decision to play it relatively straight. "Is that why you cut off her head?" a man asks, after Satan Claus mercilessly murders his missus, "because it was beautiful?" Seriously, this film needs to work on its lighting; nobody in Satan Claus is 'beautiful'. Satan Claus is so dingy that even its own characters can't see what or who they're doing. The whole thing takes place at night in a city apparently devoid of lightbulbs. Even the movie's police station is drenched in darkness.
Last Sunday my bf and I went to one of our favorite neighborhood cafes for breakfast:
Written & Performed by: Kate Bush
Within days I would be interviewed by police and later by lawyers, and in time would testify in court about my memories of that day. Charges of failing to reduce speed to avoid a collision were made against Mr. Dorsey but with court delays I never did hear about the outcome. Eighteen months later we would move from that apartment building and I would never see the Casamentos again. From time-to-time I come across the name of the Casamento family whose members for years remained in the Clearfield area.
Delay, claims Mahathir, would compel Pakatan Rakyat to abide by the schedule prescribed by the constitution and needed by a reforming-wanting PM.
To this very day whenever I see this girl I always remember that night. This is still the worst hangover I have ever had!
That had to be Shag?!
The Doctor Who Companion: The Eleventh Doctor Volume 5
To make the whipped cream, beat the cream, vanilla and almond extract on high until soft peaks are formed. Gradually beat in the sugar. (Taste for sweetness as you go adding more or less sugar according to your taste,)
While the large sculptures were compelling, they were really just too huge and not practical to even consider purchasing. We were actually more attracted to the jewelry pieces, such as pendants and earrings.
It's a strange, convoluted book with a number of sub-plots which each have their own distinct story, intertwined into past and present histories of the narrator, his family and the school at which he teaches. The book plays itself out in the onslaught and aftermath of a nervous breakdown whilst the writer attempts to unravel the mysteries of quality and how mankind attempts to reconcile it's own creative nature with the demands of an increasingly technological world.
There are lots of signs of an anti-social-computing culture. The tendency to run everything by the lawyers. Endless rounds of revisions with final approval by top executives. A prohibition of social media site usage while at work. Blocking YouTube. Some of these tendencies can be overcome, and some might be enough to indicate problems with social computing acceptance. If your general organizational culture emphasizes tightly controlling the message, you’re not likely to succeed with social media.
Stuckey continues:
and I debated over the next purchase. He's not on any of my lists nor a player collection of mine. He's not even a player. But for $2, I nabbed an on card auto of one of Canada's greatest Olympic athletes.
This experience has certainly highlighted to me the challenge of getting our private and socially rented housing stock up to scratch in terms of energy efficiency – especially in these difficult times. I hope the Green Deal may solve some of these issues, but we’ll have to wait and see.
Real Madrid are champions of spain, they have WON the La Liga title for the 1st time in 4 years.
Modern Boy, the informant, comes to tattle on his brother for taking a toy from him. It’s a toy that Modern Boy has cast aside and long forgotten, but now that his little brother has an interest in it, it is the coolest thing on Earth, bar none. He simply must have it, and he’s throwing a full on fit for not getting it. I gesture at him to be quiet and go away, also gesturing a reminder that mommy is on the phone.
“Institutions will try to preserve the problem to which they are the solution” -Clay Shirky
I've been flying for over 10 years now, and it never gets boring. Just when you think you have the day figured out a little gift like this flight pops up, and the sport is brand new again. I think I may just be the luckiest girl in the world.
March 30 Stage on Herr, Harrisburg PA
The audience also indulged in, and cheered on, examples of anti-white racism. One suspiciously eloquent audience member, who appeared to be of Asian origin, but who stated that he was born in Britain, and said that he “loves this country” (a statement which I suspect might not be born out were one to look deeply into his background and political affiliations, although once again I have no proof of that, merely an instinct) delivered what appeared to be a well rehearsed soliloquy, from a conveniently prominent positioning within the auditorium. He started to howls of delight from the mob around him by calling Nick, “Dick Griffin” and ended by calling for a “whip round” to send Griffin and his supporters to Antarctica, where he said they would “blend in”. One can only speculate as to the reaction of his fellow mob members had a white commentator made a similar comment regarding African American panellist Bonnie Greer and a coal mine.
The scam goes something like this.
2-13 Hamilton, ONT Copps Coliseum
"I told him I'd go along with the crowd," Carter said in his statement.And so, in a tableau reminiscent of the famous scene in To Kill A Mockingbird (and perhaps it was an inspiration for it), the taxis all lined up in the early morning hours and drove in formation out to the Pickens County jail, maybe 20 miles away. It was February 17th.
My girls never really complained. They continued to go to practice day after day with me and put up with my yelling at them for not leaving me alone while I coached. They did it in weather that ranged from hotter than hell in the late summer, to colder than shit in the early winter.
and shake about the place
This isn’t a phenomenon limited to a handful of very rich people, either.
Next, I cut the scrap book paper to size and using Modge Podge I stuck it to the front of my planner. Then using my decorative scissors I cut my second piece of scrapbook paper and used my Modge Podge and layered it on top of the first scarp book paper.
Dr Dre
1 o
After the sacrifice was consumed, Nehemiah ordered the rest of the liquid to be poured upon large stones.
At 1AM last night, police cleared Zuccotti Park, allegedly violently – again, after clearing out the media ("for their own safety"). Reports are that the occupiers' computers and other hardware, as well as their tents, were dumped into garbage trucks and hauled off.
Tuck is about 6 inches in height and his big brother, Piccadilly, is about 8 inches. Both have premium black glass eyes, embroidered pearl cotton noses, and are fully jointed. They were made from vintage faux fur coats, their foot pads from leather coats.
Sisters of the Church, the chastity of the youth of the church is largely in your hands. You must enthrone virtue in its sovereign place; you must bring back modesty, must let the beauty of chaste blushes still adorn your cheeks. Mothers in Israel, teach your sons to honor and revere, to protect to the last, pure womanhood; teach your daughters that their most priceless jewel is a clean, undefiled body; teach both sons and daughters that chastity is worth more than life itself. We Priesthood shall help as best our natures permit, but the burden for that task is now and always has been, in the greatest part, yours. Unless you shall do this, the whole world will sink into a welter of sin and corruption. May God help you in your task! (J. Reuben Clark )
(Sorry about the lengthy musical intro)
6 Colors In Crystal
No, it was our cat, Luther Blissett, that got interred in a hole and covered up with earth.
You take the money you would have spent on lunch, and you donate it to the poor. That’s alms giving.
Tamarind - lemon sized
4) Read! The Primal Blueprint by Mark Sisson is a great book, so is Robb Wolf's The Paleo Solution. Check out Mark's Daily Apple every day for a new blog post. His posts are down to earth, sane, well researched and easy to read. And there is an entire section with success stories for those days when you just need to read about someone who did it. The Before and After pictures are spectacular in some cases.
3. GET SOMEONE TO HELP YOU — I could not have done these projects without the help of my friends, my dad, and ESPECIALLY my boyfriend, Zak Keating. He was my camera man, idea bounce-er-off-er, critic, adviser, and everything in between. He makes me a better person every day and especially in these projects.
There’s no escaping it, this bizarre reaction does raise some rather eerie questions, such as are these individual suffering from some form of a psychosis or have they simply just been so thoroughly indoctrinated by the Norwegian consensus apparatus that they are incapable of displaying anything else than the preordained and sanctioned emotions authorized by the authorities? There is undeniably something very North Korea like over these public displays of ‘unity’ and ‘solidarity’ which are mainly staged for the benefit of the international media. The mantra from the official Norway has always been that ‘we are going
This week we would looove to see your SNOWFLAKES I know you are all busy preparing for christmas but i am sure you have a snowflake or two to share with us....Daisy Diva's have created some Stunners as always so get out your stash and lets get crafting.
So, I thought this would help me stay up-to-date, guess I still have work in that department.
Trans-Siberian Orchestra‘s second release, The Christmas Attic, again tells the story of an angel sent to earth, but this time he is to leave one thing that will benefit mankind.
It isn’t always like this. It’s not even usually like this. It’s just sometimes like this. We run a seasonal farm. Right now everything has to be done at once. Soon the chickens will be gone and we will begin canning our garden produce. We’ll put up hay through the summer. In the fall we’ll pick some apples, can pie filling, press cider and can applesauce…maybe can some pears too. In the winter we catch up on our reading and cut wood. But throughout the year we make time to swim…like today. We make time to play catch. We make time to go see the Avengers (can’t wait!) We make time to watch Dr. Who. We remember to enjoy our lives, not just our work.
5. TRAVEL & SHOP
If I’m honest I do find the climax a little silly – particularly the ‘we all fall down’ bit, but it was 1964 so it gets some slack
The enemy design is tragically generic. Both in terms of look and design – normal enemy, crawly enemy, enemy with ranged attack, big enemy etc.
Recept: Yes, sir, I did. But I can't read it.
Instead, in the past ten years I:
Due to shipping restrictions, the winner must have a US address. We hope you have a chance to play along with us (you can enter as many times as you'd like!) this month...Happy Crafting!
I know, I was not something out of Southern Living. This was more like something out of trailer living.
He signed as a free agent with the Atlanta Thrashers in 2006-07, playing there for four seasons, the first three behind the often injured Kari Lehtonen and the fourth while splitting time with Ondrej Pavelec.
Psychologists and psychiatrists have been telling the DSM 5 task force that this “disorder” should not be included but the DSM 5 website shows an update as of April 2012 which I interpret as it’s inclusion very likely.
Stuart Crawford, born October 13, 1975, trains near Larne, Co Antrim, Northern Ireland. He represented Ireland at senior level in eventing at the World Equestrian Games and European Championships. He switched his attention to point-to-point and jump racing, taking out a permit for a few years before gaining his full trainers’ licence in the summer of 2010. His yard is split 50/50 between pointers and National Hunt horses. His first runner under Rules was Sigma Telecom at Ayr in November, 2004. His first winner under Rules came when the mare Oh Jackie landed the prestigious banks race, the La Touche Cup at the 2008 Punchestown Festival. That remained Crawford’s only victory under Rules in Ireland until this season where he has trained five winners so far. But, given his location close to the ferry route to the British mainland, he has enjoyed greater success on these shores. Last season he had 12 winners in Britain, with Scottish and northern English tracks such as Perth, Ayr, Kelso and Sedgefield proving to be particularly profitable destinations for Crawford-trained horses. His best season point-to-pointing in Ireland came in 2009/10 when he saddled 17 winners. John Smith’s Grand National record: 2011 Killyglen (Fell 27th)
I colored her with my Distress Inks,
Review by Nicholas Greenhalgh, 8JU
1 initiated
When I say that, people in the writing business just cringe. They say that it's not historical enough, or that it simply doesn't sell. So I have stuck to the tried-and-true, and I write in Regency England. It is, after all, my second-favorite era in history. But there's something about the 1920s that makes it irresistible to me. Maybe it's the Art Deco sleekness of design. The hot jazz music and gorgeous silent films. The beaded dresses and adorable bobbed haircuts? Delicious. And the romance writer in me loves that this era was a great time of sexual revolution, particularly for women. Why not write a romance novel set in an era where women really began to take charge in the bedroom?
2. Memorize Scripture and quote it – Satan cannot argue with God’s truths
-abrupt irritability
Use the product or service personally before you start promoting as an affiliate to see how it is delivering what on the promises. After you have done so, then you will be able to offer credible testaments of its advantages and disadvantages. Your prospects will feel the honesty and truthfulness in you and this will convince them to try it out for themselves.
Now I see her on the bus and she's gotten stranger.
I was released from being the Relief Society President
Sorry, fantasy land is a place that I often reside.
You all know how much I love a good launch party ... what you might not know is that I'm laid up with a stress fracture in my left foot, and I have a cast and everything. It's kind of hard to party in a cast, so I made a decision: if I can't come to the party, I'll bring the party to me!
I wonder, where were they during their junior high school civics class? Is it just me, or does it seems no one in America understands what the First Amendment is? That the purpose is to protect the people from the power of the government. The government is not allowed to pick you up and send you to a gulag because you call the president a pinko, nazi, communist, secret muslim, terrorist, Kenyon infiltrator, radical, magic negro who is turning America into a European Welfare State. That is freedom of speech, the freedom from your government shutting your speech down by shutting you in a cell.
-Staple gun (to adhere the mesh to the frame)
How the magnets look on the board. Just pretend that they are actually stuck on.
wiped them all with a damp Flannel cloth & then placed them into paper bags to ripen. about 3 weeks later they were nice & ripe, ready to eat. after 2 weeks check them every day until they are ready.
- aren't they fun!
I also thought a lot about teenage boys, their bodies and their emotions, their lives and influences. It was important to me that Ty was a child of his time - he wasn’t going to like 80s music or classic films because it happened to suit me.
4. Field Trips in the next two weeks. Going with Noah's class to go rake leaves for an elderly family and going to set up a pumpkin patch at Aaron's school for them to pick a pumpkin.
And RTD’s episode, Midnight, seems to be the pinnacle – so far, anyway.
Euro/USD: After continuing the downward cycle after opening around 1.3149 the Euro uncovered fresh buying interest just after lunch in the 1.3095 area from where short covering saw a sharp but short lived bounce towards 1.3181 before the market sagged once again. The European session finally closed at 1.3150.
Medical professionals should take all necessary steps to remove bullets or bullet fragments from patients with gunshot injuries.
Checkout Cheryl’s seductive editorial below:
First captured and instrumented in 2007, F3′s original set of instruments failed, and the research team had to recapture and reinstrument her. In spring of 2008, she was captured again and we hoped to recollar her, but a blizzard swept in, the roads to the capture site were shut, and the field crew had to release her.
A part of me always knew this premise was flawed even as I pitched it relentlessly, but I was too afraid to let it go. It took me another year to realize that this first novel was never going to go anywhere . . . and then it took me another four years to realize that my second novel wasn't going to be the one that makes it, either.
Baking a Birthday cake for Jesus
May the marathon that’s your Thursday have you being merry and carrying on!
Tickets are $41 (two-day admission) and $26 (one-day admission) and go on sale Tuesday, May 1st through the Pisgah Brewing Company event site (pisgahbrewing.com/events). VIP packages will also be available for $76 (two-day VIP admission) and $51 (one-day VIP admission) and include early entry to the event, a private guided brewery tour and tasting, preferred stage viewing, and more. All attendees who purchase a two-day ticket by July 1, 2012 will receive an unreleased Toubab Krewe summer EP and a Toubab Krewe beverage koozie.
I baked it until it was light golden brown (I probably could have baked it about 10 more minutes) at 325 degrees F, for fear of burning the agave nectar.
That's it! Fast, easy, and great! It would be really easy to customize this card with the school colors for your graduate too! What do you think?
- Plate of steamed veggies and tomato
One year, I was probably 7 or 8 I got a TV dog! It was a big stuffed dog that you could lay your head on and watch TV! Mair and I both got one, I think one was pink and one was blue. I LOVED it! I think with it came my love of TV!! Cant believe I said that out loud! I also one year, might have even been the same year, got a pair of gold la-may ankle boots. They had a little ruffle at the ankle and a zipper!!!! I wore those ragged!!
The great thing about a blog is that I can make it all look easy and pretty but behind every blog post there is a load of washing (or 4) waiting to be put away, a floor that needs to be cleaned, a list of errands, a nappy to be changed and 4 little people all wanting me.
Now I know, in fashion this stuff is often not intended to be racist. It may be quite the opposite, a statement against racism. Doesn't matter. A message has whatever meaning the receiver of the message takes away. Thus if you say, "Sparkling Wiggles" but everyone hear's something, erm, somthing else, then essentially you did say the something else because that's what we heard, and that's what we're taking away. If you're totally lost on the "sparkling wiggles", check out the Afrobella post. I'd link to the questionable video, but I don't really want to give it more views. Why? Once again, it really doesn't matter that we all think the parents are jerks (or just some of us...) if we give it views. Views are views and views are good. In this case, people aren't united enough for us to bring out the modern version of the torches-- peer pressure and disapproving letters-- for us to get a tearfully fake public apology.
You are a good prospect if you are young (ie under 30), attractive and already have some track record in some creative area. And it helps massively if you can speak fluently. Being dead is not a good selling point if you are trying to get a publishing deal unless you are Jane Austen or George Orwell.
The idea of creating an online work that comments on the works of social scientists came up to me this morning. I picked up a book by Immanuel Wallerstein and began, automatically, to analyze it. Having been away from a strictly academic environment since April 2010, I had not realized that the need for engaging with this knowledge critically is something I have to do out of necessity. Living now does not go without pursuing the need to express constantly thoughts that stimulate and move me.
Today began and ended with rain showers but in the middle we had a nice warm 73 degrees,mostly sunny day.
Indeed, Joe ran as if he were a minute general, he lounged in filtered sun that fought through the thick shroud of evergreens and he even managed to sit on his hind paws as I handed him a piece of nutty bread.
“Then shall it be risked,” says Gunnlaug; and he lent him the fee withal.
"Asheville and Philly are leading our short list of sites," New Belgium spokesman Bryan Simpson told the Denver Post last month. Leading the short list. How does Sierra Nevada deciding on Asheville affect that? You could say -- as I'm sure many are thinking -- that New Belgium will now look away, since Sierra Nevada's in town. There's not room for two big breweries in town. That doesn't follow for sure; for instance, look at all the pharmaceutical industries around Philadelphia, look at Silicon Valley, or, if you prefer, look at Portland -- either Portland, where several good-sized craft breweries are in business quite close to each other.
I'm weary and run down from all this hype.
Although there was talk of platforms in '97, it's overwhelming now. Agents and editors want to hear your book summary in the first breath, and your platform in the second. Your great book idea is unlikely to sell unless you have something to back up the marketing of that book-- speaking engagements, a radio show, a popular blog, a zillion Twitter followers. Which means that authors today are busier, and less focused on just the writing. We have to be skilled not only in writing great books, but also in making online "friends" and fans, speaking to the media, and generally drawing attention to ourselves. That suits some people fine, and others (like me) wish we could just write and leave the sales to someone else. There's a reason I switched majors away from advertising, you know.
I made this LO for Anna's sketch challenge at Cocoa Daisy.
New Glarus Brewing Company Uff-da
I assure you that I get no recompense at all for recommending this production to any Vancouver readers -- but if you can manage it, you won't regret it!
- Others LEARN to take advantage of you because, hey, they push your boundaries just to see how much they can get away with….it’s fun for them…not so much for you.
And, this animated mini-ad remained in situ for the entire duration of that segment of the programme.
To that end, we must restore honor in our own lives. Seek after the truth. Declare right now, that no longer will we simply accept what is told us by the media or anyone else.
Eggplant - 3 (big)
With love and gratitude,
Okay, is it just me, or does this minimum price per unit for alcohol rhetoric our government is shitting on about, the health of the yoof and binge drinking… does it not seem like a smokescreen to you? A diversion tactic to draw our attention away from the fact that the budget has fucked us in the ass again? This minimum price, 40p per unit, they say, is to stop binge drinking. If it is too expensive, you won’t be able to afford to drink… at £1.20 a can? The fuckers don’t get it in the government, because they are millionaires, people are using debt to bay for booze, to numb the pain. Our chancellor Osborne, with his £130,000+ a year salary, paid by us, his £44m trust fund and the cash the fucker gets from his association with businesses or from renting out his Notting Hill home, has no fucking idea how hard it can be to run a family on fuck all. Stinks of a stealth tax to me. VAT at 20% – a 75p can of larger nets the government 15p, but with the minimum they get almost double that in tax revenue. It has though, taken the heat off a budget where George Osborne says “we’re all in this together.” Yet taxing the worst off and helping the super wealthy. That fuck must have been laughing as he himself is avoiding paying tax. He pays accountants to help him find loopholes which Channel 4 reckons will help him dodge £1.6million. These ‘legal tax dodges’ cost the rest of us billions, and yet he wants to tax the old and the poor? The budget doesn’t make any sense. If you are going to fuck me in the ass, say it… it’s not like I have a choice. But don’t think for a second that were are all that fucking stupid that we can’t see you – fucking me in the ass. Cost of £40k tax cut to 14,000 millionaires = £560m. Cost of the granny tax to 4.5 million grannies = £3b. The cold hard facts are that these 14,000 millionaires will benefit from a £40k tax cut funded by the poorest and pensioners. People who fought knee deep in mud, fighting with rifles and bayonets to defend the liberty and freedom of the people fucking them over again. I used to say, ‘The Rich go to war – but it is the poor who die.’ But it seems the ones that don’t die have to fund the rich too!
How come it's always feast or famine? Either I'm bored to the point of mental retardation at work, spending all my time e-mailing, IM-ing, web surfing and blogging OR I'm so fucking busy at work that I barely have time to go pee. And we all know how much I love to pee...
My writing is banal. Whenever I don’t find life difficult I stop groaning and can’t paint, draw, write or compose. Today is a good day. I realise this.
Richard Gabriel, 54, Great Falls, Va.
All dishes were made to order, so there was a little waiting time between courses, however the ambience and feel of the place made it enjoyable. Conversation didn’t have to be on shouting level, the music had authentic Italian artists singing songs you would tend to find in a cafe square and the light colours of the walls mixed well with canvases of night skylines and drawn flowers – all which are available to buy.
The way she writes is down-to-earth, empathetic and warm. She gives so much good advice and great ideas for all different kinds of moms. I was so impressed with what she had to say that I bookmarked several sections and then left it on the back of the toilet for my husband to read.
In an unrelated "How did I miss this from last year?" the defending Arkansas big schools Girls Cross Country champion (who ran away with last years title as a Frosh) is Valerie Reina. Yep, Reubens daughter. The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Round 4: Knit into the front and back of each stitch. (40 stitches)
FREE DELIVERY to offices and homes. Delivery available to all states in Nigeria, UK, USA & Europe.
And that sums up most of what we did during the last week: We worked on multiplication. I made flash cards, we watched a lot of School House Rock, played "Timez Attack", (which is awesome, btw) and took tests using "Mad Minutes".
from start to finish.
Have a wonderful day, I wish you a day full of Irish Blessings!
For the illustrations I widened each letter. My job is to capture images or a mood from the magazine articles.
I used papers from My minds eye ‘tickled pink’ range. All the doilys were stamped with My minds eye ‘Stella and rose’ stamps (I sooooo love these stamps, they are just so pretty and stamp perfectly…I lurve them )
Scene 11: Anwaar is left alone. She is kneeling. A dim light is focused on her.
2. The object of damages is to compensate
3. Workers can go at their own pace.
Soccer, in contrast, embraces a blessed simplicity that resists the sort of institutionalization described above. A pile of rags bound by some string can become a ball. Indeed, the best to ever play the game learned to play with such a ball. Two trees can become a goal. Any grassy area can become a field. The rules are simple: the ball is round, you play it with anything aside from your hands and arms, you don’t try to injure an opponent, you put the ball in the goal. Within those bounds, you are free to do whatever you want. And even in the case where someone is practicing a specific technique, like my niece and her “Maradona,” it’s often a technique inspired by the brilliance of a Zidane, whose connection to the ball was so instinctive and natural it sometimes seemed as if the ball was merely an extra limb.
3.)
(my book club friends decided that we had had so much fun at the last one
I love autumn and the new feelings this time of year brings. The air becomes crisp and cooling, and scenery anew with a speckling of color from the changing leaves. The house is normally filled with the smells of apple cider and spices from baking comforting cookies and apple butter. It's a happy time of year that comes out often through food.
#2 MAKE IT ROUTINE. It's the only way. Trust me, once it's habit you will miss it if you can't do it!
PCC: “If I just go back to school and study really hard and become the most educated person in the world, will I be able to find someone who will love me just for my brain and won’t care how my body looks? ‘Cause I’m pretty sure that would be less work and effort.”
Did he like her? It seemed like it. But Rachel couldn't begin to imagine how a guy like him could like a girl like her.
Nothing like a Thursday afternoon in the office with live music... catered lunch & a little VINO...
Of course, that's a lot of extra weight for a movie to carry, but this is one that can handle it.
2. European Earthworms love cardboard and pretty much any paper products! I found a huge percentage of the adult ones clustered around the paper and torn up toilet paper rolls I put in there. Anywhere where there was a clump of that stuff, at least five big ones were tangled in it and some of these precious eggs were close by.
After a lengthy telephone conversation which explained all of the above I was told Payton would need another surgery. This time it will be under anesthesia in the hospital where they will remove the entire tumor until they have clean margins. Unfortunately because of the placement of the tumor he will most likely have a pretty nasty scar but we can live with that. As long as the pathology shows the tumor in the 97% of benign growth things are good and we just have to watch him for other growths which are common. If it is within the 3%- that is bad and we aren't thinking about it unless we have to.
I did go to a small private church school. Actually a couple of them. My parents figured that was worth the expense. For 5th and 6th and 7th and 8th grades, I went to public schools. Then one of the private church schools re-opened in time for me to go to high school. My parents paid for the first couple of years, but then my dad told me that if I wanted to go to school there, I would need to pay for it. So I worked summers and some after school to pay for my high school and to save money to go to college.
“It’s all right, my friend,” his companion said to him, pouring another drink with a steady hand. “You are quite safe here.”
When I lit the routine with my tongue,
Do well regarded actors always make good directors? I’m guessing some look maybe look toward, say, Mel Gibson or Clint Eastwood before they arrive at Hanks. Although I care for neither of the above pair’s behind-the-camera escapades (see #5 above), at least their directorial efforts have a sustained impact, personality. Any jobbing director-for-hire could’ve directed That Thing You Do! or Larry Crowne. When I think of Hanks’ persona, his comic persona, it doesn’t translate to what we have here. Roberts lazily smugs it up as someone we’re meant to find caustically, endearingly amusing, but who is actually unbearable (an actress of Michelle Pfeiffer's top-dollar calibre could've made this role sing); Hanks pratfalls to little use; the support cast zone out. And, ultimately, so did I. Watch Everything Must Go instead. It’s a much better treatment of this idea.
When I did that last photo shoot of Khloe (see previous post) she was very much in a posing mood, as I had mentioned. But what I failed to show you were the poses when I turned her 'loose' to pose however she wanted. And boy was she hamming it up for the camera! She even asked to make a "movie" so you are in for a treat! LOL!!
Jemma Kidd's Make-up Masterclass is packed with beautiful pictures AND useful information. Yes, there is a lot of text! It is a great reference book, something you will want to refer back to again and again. You will learn a lot from this.
So now.. for the viewing pleasure of all you mama bears and your precious cubs... I present Winnie the Pooh: Too Smart for Stranger (split into three parts). Dated? Yes. But we've got to start educating our children about staying safe at some point... and I think this is a good place to start. Enjoy!
Hey, how does it feel to be invented by sex-obsessed japs and some old Nazis
You may be wondering why I'm traveling in the middle of term? Well, I'm off to attend interviews at different universities! It's all very exciting, even for you guys! Because while I'm there I hope to find as many British thrift stores as possible :) I'll be taking photos & pick up some tips on how to improve our very own, original, Durban thrift store!
So why exactly would one purchase this stupid idea of an app?? I mean really, when you look in the mirror, you honestly know if one side of your face is different then the other, don’t ya??
Obviously Sabine is quite an amazing person and you can see more of her on her website and if you’re a parent in the Vienna area check out her website for the theatre workshop. Also, keep an eye on her IMDB and hopefully we’ll see her in more Asylum movies!
My forefathers knew when it was time to leave the shackles behind, and move on. I do believe so have I. My children are now free from discrimination, ethnic cleansing, and have a future were they can achieve their dreams. The material trappings will come along in good time. I can now sleep at night knowing that we are safe and I have made the right choice for the right reasons. I sure hope my fellow South Africans can say the same.
The “mashy peas” came about by happy accident. I halved the recipe for the minty pea puree from the book which was for 6 people but forgot to halve the butter. This resulted in a very buttery puree (above). To resolve this (I didn’t have any more peas to add) I decided to add some mashed potato to the puree. I had seen Jamie Oliver do something similar with broccoli and peas in mash. Any excuse to include mash really.
separation from God for their loved ones, and in some cases, themselves. We need to pray that their hearts will be turned to the righteousness of God. That the voice and love of God will over take the deception that now resides within them. Pray that the lost will be saved and that the blind will see. Pray that tough love will win over fleshly love and pray that the heart of the deceived and of the sinner will be transformed by the Holy Spirit to
As shown above, when filing a subsequent design application in China claiming the priority of the first foreign application for partial design, the applicant can make the following changes—changing all the dotted lines into solid lines to file a design application for the entire product; or deleting all the dotted lines if the solid-line portion also qualifies as a product for filing a design application; or modifying the dotted-line portion in a limited manner. If the modified designs meet the unity requirement, the applicant may also incorporate two or more designs in the same application. This is especially beneficial for the applicant who files a subsequent design application in China claiming the priority of the first foreign application for partial design.
Bear has been waiting for this baby to be born. Hell, so have I. A girl. Finally someone had a girl. All 5lb 4oz of baby Kiera. She is helping with our baby fever.
He also learned a lot about acting by spending time with playwright John Osborne — as his personal driver.
A coolie stayed back for the day. They covered all the holes and sprayed acid around the platform. In the afternoon train the rail company sent him a rifle and a revolver.
Only locals dare go there, locals who are sworn to incredible secrets and people who just want a good time without any attention that is...
Even before the crisis, Britain’s private sector was unable to create enough jobs. There were 7 million manufacturing jobs in 1979, 4 million in 1997 and 2.8 million in 2008.
The one great hope is that the Met has a new Commissioner, Bernard Hogan-Howe, who made his name fighting crime on Liverpool’s tough streets.
Update, 14:00 GMT, Thursday May 3: Today has been another enforced day off for me since the daycare center is closed until Monday, May 7. The U.S. Embassy here also remains closed and an appointment I had scheduled there for the 7th has already been canceled due to the security situation.
9 Minha voz virá do sol da América
like a paralytic, like a just-invented Frankenstein
The book was told in fairly short sentences with easy writing. When I say easy, I don't mean bad, I mean simple. It flowed and was just a really easy book to read and comprehend. I liked that. It was refreshing. Sometimes I feel that authors who write this type of suspense novel try to hard to make their book more than it is. They make it confusing and puzzling, and it doesn't need to be. So I did like that.
FN6 Index No. 13713 (Sup. Ct. Nassau Co. Jan. 24, 2012).
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there.
1. I enjoy watching some cartoons.
“Yes, yes that’s me.”
Besides, I though the regime was starting some kind of 'mandatory service corps' for people between 18 and 35, to do such 'service' in 'underserved communities.' Perhaps they'd benefit more from such jobs, as they are often the most socially liberal. Maybe their eyes would be opened by working in urban areas.
Today, I’m adding a couple of new phrases to my list of loaths. With election year politics fouling the air, this is a good time to mention them since you are probably as sick of hearing these hyperboles as I am. These phrases refer to POTUS, the president of the United States.
After months of discussions, a large number of the major U.S. Internet service providers (ISPs) have signed up to an agreement to take action against users who violate copyright. AT&T, Cablevision Systems, Comcast, Time Warner and Verizon have agreed to participate in the scheme along with a number of content providers from the film, TV and music industry including the MPAA (The Motion Picture Association of America whose members include Disney, Sony, Paramount, Warner Bros and Twentieth Century Fox), the Recording Industry Association of America (representing the major labels including Universal, EMI North America, Warners and Sony) , the IFTA (representing independent producers & distributors of film & television programming) and A2IM which represents independent record labels.
The photograph was sold to The New York Times where it appeared for the first time on March 26, 1993. Many contacted the newspaper to ask whether the child had survived, leading the newspaper to run a special editor’s note saying the girl had enough strength to walk away from the vulture, but that her ultimate fate was unknown.
41All the towns of the Levites, among the heritage of the children of Israel, were forty-eight towns with their grass-lands.
“But eez been followin’ me all over da place, Captain!” protested the purser. “Ee thinks I don’ see him, but I can tell.”
What are your thoughts? Should Jose Manuel Godinez-Samperio be allowed to practice law in the United States, and explain your thoughts.
It’s not a timing thing; it’s a you and me thing.
Life authentically
In August 1914, just as war declared, I sailed on the RMS Oceanic, from New York, to play cricket in and around London, on a Merion Cricket Club team. Lightoller was either chief officer or first officer of the Oceanic, I am not certain which. We again went over our experiences and checked our ideas of just what had happened. We agreed on almost everything, with the exception of the splitting or bending of the ship. He did not think it broke at all.
I must first apologize to those who sent me the Beer Drinker's Guide to Colorado (full disclosure, they sent me a Map for free to review). This is a tremendous tool that should be used if you travel to Colorado and love beer. This 5th Edition is packed full of coupons that easily make up the cost of the Guide.
Let us look at the arguments of those who believe these two passages don’t really condemn homosexuality at all.
Of course you recognize that rule from many ancient philosophies and modern spiritual practitioners, from Zen Buddhism to Eckhart Tolle. It’s not new by any stretch. But in the context of my own set of rules, I find it’s possible to make it personal, to make a practice that I can do outside of the boundaries of any set philosophy.
■Cost: $160 w/Free shipping (save $25.75)
About six months later, I move about 30 miles closer to the church school. I visit my favorite church and discover the new pastor preaches so softly that I can only hear 20-30 words out of the sermon. I know from past experience that the sound system isn’t capable of amplifying his voice better. I then begin attending a larger church; my children and I attended this church from 1994 – 2005, and it was nice to see a few familiar faces from all those years before. I sit in the same area of the church I used to sit in previously – close to the front where I can lipread and hear the sound monitors. I briefly see Tony at the church accompanied by a young woman who looks remarkably like my daughter, and thought – “Good for him!”
After breakfast I took another hour to read a bit more in my book before heading off again towards the train station. Suddenly I did indeed feel like meditating. I sat back and hovered in the etheric field for a little while enjoying my little peace and calmness. And just when I thought about including a few mantras and mudras the cleaner rattled on the door eager to fulfill his duty to bring my room back to status quo.
I REALLY liked this. Saisons are supposed to pair well with lots of food. I ate some "flavor x-treme" cheddar goldfish with this and thought it was excellent. Sour, crisp ale and salty, cheesey crackers? It's good for me!!
Tests- 67, Wickets- 307, Avg- 21.57, 5W- 17, Best- 8/31
Why indeed. Let’s start with what is being ridiculously called the “jobless recovery”. There are some words that cannot be used in a sentence. Jobless and recovery are two perfect examples of these types of words, especially if they are back to back. Of course, there are always exceptions to this rule, like: “How in the hell can you have a jobless recovery you stupid dumb-head num-nums?” I’d say in this case, the combination works.
Bike rack ordered, I waited patiently for it to ship in.
“Economic hit men are highly paid professionals who cheat countries around the globe out of trillions of dollars. They funnel money from the World Bank, the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), and other foreign “aid” organizations into the coffers of huge corporations and the pockets of a few wealthy families who control the planet’s natural resources. Their tools included fraudulent financial reports, rigged elections, payoffs, extortion, sex, and murder. They play a game as old as empire, but one that has taken on new and terrifying dimensions during this time of globalization.”
Both of my children are filled with joy,
Macey’s
p.s. I’m really not the shittest friend you could ever have.
Hooray! WooHOO! And Hallelujah!!
Spirited is the best word I can use to describe thirteen-year-old Wil. A boy who appears well-adjusted even though his brother has been dead for six months. Wil and his friends spend much of their time playing a game that Wil and his brother Graham invented called Zombie Tag.
It's a grisly death Harryhausen had practiced on
Combine all ingredients in a large pot over medium-high heat and stir to combine thoroughly. Continue stirring regularly while mixture comes to a boil; mash chunks of fruit with a potato masher or similar as they start to soften, to assist with breaking up and make the finished jam a more consistent texture. When mixture boils, lower heat as necessary and continue cooking until it has reduced and is starting to look like jam. (There are various tests you can use – thermometers, saucers in the freezer, and so on – but when I can draw a line across the bottom of the pan and see it for more than a few seconds, I shut the heat off.)
Lucius Artorius Castus leads an expedition to Gaul to defeat a rebellion against the rule of the Emperor Commodus – and gets more than he bargained for when his enemies rise from the dead to fight again. The power of the zombie horde is amplified by the Babel of Ancient Rome’s religions and superstitions, and the terror the undead bring in their wake foreshadows the incipient medieval darkness already creeping into the world at the end of Rome’s Antonine age. Richly annotated, this mashup of survival horror and alternate history takes the reader on a bracing journey into one of ancient Rome’s dark corners.
The cabin is named "Dogwood Dell" because it is in the middle of a dell of beautiful dogwoods, oaks, pines, and redwoods. My mother purchased the cabin 30 years ago as a place to gather her family, and get away from the distractions of our busy city lives. We have loved convening here, and growing closer together.
Live a longer life. Have a stronger immune system. Think more creatively. Get promoted at work. Everyone wants these things, but how do you get them? A positive attitude! Everyone knows that one person who is always smiling. Every time you see them, they brighten your day. Maybe you’re the person that brightens someone else’s day! A positive attitude benefits not only yourself, but also those around you. Here are a few ways to keep that positive attitude:
Plus, I have some amazing friends who are not only okay with my need to be spontaneous, but encourage it. Christie and I had a great time procrastinating my work hanging out for most of the day. We had lunch, saw a movie, had coffee. The only thing that could have made it better was if the coffee was the maple latte I've been craving for like three weeks. Sigh...
I love you."
And yet I'm blogging. We're heading to my cousin's wedding in Washington, D.C., which is a seven-hour drive from home. There's no way my grandparents would be okay with spending that long in a cramped minivan, so we're taking the train.
really puts you in all these different "worlds". It's something else! And that's why, with our music, I can't really say where it's going to go next, because there
Combine first 5 ingredients in a small bowl; stir in 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/8 teaspoon pepper. Set aside.
It is a lonely and difficult journey, but one that is well worth taking despite the small odds of actually reaching the end destination. And even though you may never reach Maslow‘s summit, if you are determined and keep your eye on the prize, you will at the very least reach a higher plain and be closer than you could have imagined to becoming the person you were meant to be.
I asked if she had anything soupy because, well, I don't eat the stuff and therefore you wont find many posts here about soup (although there is a couple that I will consume). She didn't disappoint!
Some residents of Valentine, a town of about 2,650 people, find some humor in the strange vandalism and have taken to calling the perpetrator the "Butt Bandit." But they also can't help but cringe when finding his marks.
So there it is. Maybe still yucky, but definitely a little less so. Progress!
99. Have you ever been resuscitated by medical staff? - Not from unconsciousness, thank heaven. I did have an emergency room visit with an asthma attack that got me close to that, though.
they're here! the students arrived last thursday and we've had orientation week since then and will continue for a few more days. we've done a lot of trainings and traveled all over the city! one day we had a scavenger hunt all across the city, then we spent sometime in ethnic communities (mexican, polish, russian, orthodox jewish, etc.). it was a great learning time for us all! they we went to church at Jesus People USA (http://www.jpusa.org) on sunday where we met some people who live, work, and worship together. about 400 of them live in an old hotel and have several ministries that they all work in. they don't pay bills, but rather all their expenses are from a central "purse" so to speak. it was a really cool picture of the early church in Acts and i have lots of respect for them. after that we had a listening lunch with some homeless people where we found someone on the street and invited them to lunch. our only job was to listen to them. i was with 2 students and we met dan and arnold- dan was suffering from some kind of mental disability (evident of his talk about aliens in boxes in the park) and arnold just didn't really care. neither of them wanted to go to a shelter. they seemed hopeless and i'm not sure how we can give them that hope. i am still burdened by that and praying that God would show me to best serve them.
The customer replies, in a rather threatening manner: “WHAT DID YOU SAY?”
A news organization serves a vital public role and must be viewed through a more complex lens than one that reduces the operation to just a bottom-line figure. For generations, professional editors represented by the Guild have helped make The Denver Post a trusted news source. This decision by the company could very well erode that hard-earned trust.
The turkey sausage recipe below is what we use entirely in place of ground beef. It's really yummy!
You've been so lonely without me -
As the stealth bombers approached their targets in Iran, the United States fired their Tomahawk missiles with the expectations that hundreds of critical infrastructure sites within Iran would be destroyed within moments. Except as soon as the missiles were in air, Iran overrode the coordinates on the Tomahawk missiles and redirected them to new targets.
When a significant life event occurs–either by a choice you’ve made, or because of the choices of another…the tendency is to run around like Chicken Little and proclaim “The sky is falling! The sky is falling!” and to talk to EVERYONE about it…except The One who holds all your days…God.
US researchers found that the popular cinema snack contains high levels of polyphenols, a type of antioxidant that can help prevent cellular damage by molecules called free radicals.
Jesus is about healing and restoring. That is the process of His church, His people and even your life.
4-5 bananas, sliced
It is the Christian Sabbath, established in the resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ. As Lord of the Sabbath, He brought the beginning of new life for His people, and a day of celebration on the first day of the week.
I see a lot of seniors, much younger than I, who cannot even write an email. They still think of the ocean waves when I tell them I surf. The mere mention of the word “mouse” makes some feeling faint and weak.
Have you ever seen this phenomenon? Those heros were in Scotland – you’ll have to read Jules Verne to find out why they were there.
On the island of Cercia, the gods are dead, killed by their followers and replaced with the study of magic. Magicians are forbidden to leave their homeland. Laws bind these men that prevent them from casting spells on the living—whether to harm or to heal.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-low heat. Add the whole garlic cloves to the pan, decrease the heat to low, and cook until cloves are tender, 10 to 15 minutes.
2) the lack of discipline among those attending and the unorganized method by which the meeting was executed.
Like The Man From Planet X, these guys get my sympathy rather than my outrage. Although they appear to be bent on invading the world and, more importantly, enslaving women, I was never convinced that they were fair dinkum about it. Not with looks like that. Even if they could get a woman into the sack, do you really think she'd juice up for them? -- for such puny, sickly looking jokers with faces full of veins and skin a permanent shade of jaundice? Not likely. If they were rich, maybe... but my sources assure me that these dudes don't have two dimes to rub together.
Bread. Corn bread. Zucchini Bread. Pumpkin Bread. Bread with peppers and bits of corn in it. Bread with cheese and onions. Potato bread. Bread has the added bonus of being freezable as well.
you kept it all to yourself for such a long time and then...
Congratulations to the winners of this week's show
Glitter, Glitter --- How I Love Thee!
Doc: "Great Scott. Well, let's play matchmaker for your parents."
Is it that bad that I will switch to some other shipping forwarder? The fees are not bad. You can find my examples here and here. Despite all the negativity mentioned above, it works good for me. And my Virtual Mailbox plan will end up in more than 6 months. If I see any better shipping forwarder after that, I will think about it.
I hadn’t heard of them until recently, and was properly introduced by the fantastic independent stylist, Catherine Spray who is kind enough to bring you guys this giveaway.
A Texas oilman grew interested in Cayce. It looked good. Cayce would help the oilman find oil reserves and the oilman would help Cayce to build a hospital. However, Cayce’s readings on possible oil sites failed again and again. The oilman only wanted money. He was not really interested in building a hospital. The partnership dissolved. Cayce realized that his abilities could not be used for commercial interests.
I've never remembered the name of the book
We decided that we would use a cut out for the handle rather than buying and attaching a separate handle (YAH! a chance to save some cash) so we made some sketches on the board and then cut out the handle with a jig saw. This drawer will serve as the template for the other drawers so they all look the same.
Display Type High-definition widescreen LED-backlit (1366 x 768)
5. Blue Bell Ice Cream, half gallon, $3.99 ea. at Sun Harvest (5/12/10)
“Where were you meeting?” He jotted a note down on his pocket pad.
The U.S. (justifiably) doesn't come out looking very good in any of these three books. Needham's book is perhaps the most contemporary in its outlook, dealing with current policies and financial crimes whose origins are in the U.S. Cotteril's and Hallinan's books deal with the lingering spillover of the U.S. involvement in Vietnam into other countries in the region. Rafferty's book, though, has some of the same basic structure as Needham's (innocent bystander caught up in a high stakes mess not of his own making) but The Fear Artist is more of a conventional thriller in some ways. But with a twist, in terms of what the book's primary concern really is.
absence of knowing what to do, but the absence of doing it.”
If you already clicked on the link to Fibonacci, you’ll know that the Fibonacci sequence is created by adding together two numbers to arrive at the next number.
Brennan implicitly suggested that that the PACB had acted without considering the full viability of the project.
As you can see, it’s a predominately white area with the major minority being Black or African Americans. I also grew up in a household that was overtly anti-racism, and I follow in that ethic. The thing that I think is most important is that until perhaps today, I didn’t realize that despite my willful attempts against racist thought and action, I am truly quite guilty of it.
And when the soldiers finally came to take Jesus away, He went. Even though He could have called down twelve legions of angels, He chose instead to obey the will of His Father, saying ‘… shall I not drink the cup that the Father has given me?’
Congratulations, Karen! Please email me at jnllawson @ bresnan.net (without the spaces, of course) and I will get your code sent off to you! Thanks to everyone who participated in the blog hop, and for all the wonderful comments and congratulations! I really do appreciate it!
She talks about being in the moment, even if that's painful or difficult. She encourages being with loneliness and living with suffering rather than trying to escape from it. She talks about giving up hope and accepting that the world being a groundless place. It's interesting actually, I can see what she means, it makes a lot of sense, although I don't feel able to explain it.
Mon 9/22 Louisville, KY Club Oasis
very stressful time in her life.
Perhaps most noteworthy, however, is the fact that Apple now has $110 billion dollars in cash and assets. A year ago the company was sitting on just over $50 billion. And it’s not every day that a major corporation doubles its cash hoard in just 12 months.
Incredibly Miliband also spoke about 'good' and 'bad' social housing tenants. With a shortage of social housing he stressed that "choices have to be made". He argued that people in work should get priority for social housing, thereby punishing the unemployed and poor.
TD: Your business is not just the sum of all parts, it’s an organic entity.When one of the parts falls behind and you start working on improvements, it’s sensible to also have a look at how that part is connected to the rest of your organization.
So much love and kindness.
Strewing itself is not some magical, transcendental thing. A smorgasbord is a wonderful analog. Or dim sum. I love dim sum! Hey, let's go get some lunch when we're done chatting, ok? Essentially, strewing is any sort of hint about what's available in the wide world which might act as a springboard for their curiosity. Sure, books are good. A book on astronomy left on the coffee table can lead to a mini-career, or even a professional career!, for the right child. However, books are not the be-all and end-all of strewing. Seeing a cup of water expand when it turns to ice in the freezer can lead to a sophisticated exploration of chemistry. Why the hell does water expand when it freezes while almost everything else contracts? Wow! I never heard of triple points before. That's cool! And they're off on a wild race to knowledge, where they soon discover, if they haven’t already, that there's no finish line and that it's a lifelong pursuit. For another child, finding an interesting pebble on a hiking trail might open a path that leads all the way from that small trail to the entire universe of geology.
The one i am posting today and the like of them all are sitting in my system for a long time. These are things which i had prepared for schools, parties etc and which don’t come under our dietary guidelines. Something
used a border punch and then my nestabilities for the shape around her...
If one wants to know about religious art, look no further
Because of what they crave.
For second-year head coach Pat Chambers, however, the transition from his position as assistant head coach at Villanova, a perennial competitor in the Big East, to BU was as difficult as it was expected. But changing the fan culture that surrounds basketball here is one of his mandates.
"What a great man! I’ve known of him since 1980 when I read about him in Reason magazine a year after I read Ayn Rand and became a convert to rational capitalism," he noted. "But I’ve been promoting him for president since 2006."
Ottawa’s events attracted bonafide demonstrators as well as newbies.
Helps reverse or prevent incontinence; Can assist in reversing or preventing prolapse; Improves sexual functioning; Improves your fluid movement and connection with your inner core.
2 birth
Strip down! I firmly told the two boys in front of me.
The Chief gets on the radio and the cop tells him that he's stopped a limo doing 105mph.
1. During the past week there’s been a lot of speculation as to the quotes at the beginning of each chapter. Now that we finally know the answer, does it change anyone’s opinions of the Lord Ruler?
After reading A Fragmentary History of Trollworld I came up with a seed of a campaign idea that I rather like and plan on developing further.
I also come from a different school of thought. Doggie dirt and germs are not going to kill a kid unless of course they have some sort of condition or allergies…. But I am just an Auntie, not a mom. What the hell do I know about raising a child? Absolutely nothing.
Killyglen
I cannot laugh alone…….
Unfortunately, he's really only created three films, but they're such treasures! Metropolitan is still one of my absolute favorite comedies, although some people just don't "get" it, the dry humor flying right over the heads. Barcelona and Last Days of Disco are also funny, but both don't reach the same brilliance that Metropolitan achieved.
Process in making bread:
Personally, I believe that the Marlins should more agressively pursue a position player. The almost perfect fit for Miami would be to sign Jose Reyes. As much as it pains me to say it, Jose is a good athelete and has potential to put this Marlins team over the hump. The only issue that could arise from a signing of this variety is what to do with not one, but two All-Star shortstops on your team. Miami would have Jose and Hanley together. The question is what to do with them. Earlier reports from mlb.com indicate that the Marlins would try to move Hanley over to third base to make way for Reyes. We all know about Hanley and how he, like Reyes, is a good athelete but not a good ballplayer. Can the Marlins function witha bonehead and a bum on the left side of their infield?
Oh, you sneaky universe you! You just handed me a big ass plate of What I Wanted in a Husband and well, honk my hooters, I think—heh heh—I’d like a side of This Feels Somewhat Strange to go along with it.
"Mara, you were blind."
The horn blared again and again.
I'm not sure about a watermark on this document, but because it was printed by the American Banknote Company in New York, it's almost certain to be Crane's paper.
While I respect the right of the audience who had gathered at New Era College on 25 March 2012 or better known by its acronym “325 assembly” organised by the United Chinese School Commitees Association (Dong Zong) to rally against shortage of Chinese-educated teachers for Chinese schools, I wish to point out that restraint must be practised at all times, no matter how emotional speeches maybe, or the atmosphere leading up to and during the event.
when, uh, pretty much just there it is, just boom, looking
Let biscotti cool.
ride in it. My parents are expecting me home by late afternoon, and my
1 can pumpkin puree
We managed to get the vast majority of the sight-seeing out of the way in one day with a six-hour bike ride through the city. It was a gorgeous day for a slow ride through Berlin – which is as flat as a pancake, so the ride was not really taxing.
16And the ten horns which thou sawest upon the beast, these shall hate the whore, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall eat her flesh, and burn her with fire.
He also developed one of the first submarines, for Napoleon, no less. One of his lesser known accomplishments is that he also developed one of the first torpedoes, and was the first to give the weapon that name. After testing the weapon in France and England (and failing to get support from those regimes), Fulton came to the States and managed to wrangle some funding out of Congress. He conducted tests at the Brooklyn Navy Yard in 1810, but was unable to convince the Navy that the weapon was worthy of further investment.
The pedagogy for this course is a bit more traditional than in my Intro to Film course because the subject matter is more specific. I'm still using our textbooks primarily as resource books for the students, though, with only a few specifically assigned readings. The books are The Cinema Book edited by Pam Cook and A Short Guide to Writing About Film by Timothy Corrigan, both of which I've written about before.
Green jobs are constantly shifting, with new policies, new concerns and new methods of curving our environmental footprint. Whether it’s working on conservation, policy or sustainability, the green economy is growing and changing, says Kevin Nilson, director of professional services at ECO Canada, an organization that works to support environmental jobs in Canada.
I was stationed in the "double cube" library which turned out to not be a double cube at all as it seemed the architects had made a mistake. The back wall lined up with Burlington House but the front wall didn't. Each succeeding window recess along the front wall was increasingly smaller.
Here’s what Jackie says in today’s mag…
He even yells it when he does something right.
She was still married to Porch when in June of 1921 she slipped and fell down the stairs, breaking her ankle. Blood poisoning set in and her leg had to be amputated. After a hemorrhage, she died on June 29, 1921.
Much like players can create their own food, they can also forge new blades. Since swords confer special abilities as well as increased attack power, it’s a good idea to forge new weapons upon leveling up. While I haven’t counted how many swords are actually in the game, I estimate the number somewhere between “that’s…a lot” and “I don’t have time for this.” Sadly, I fall more towards the latter camp, and I have not collected all of the swords, but I do intend to one day. A full playthrough of the game took me about 10 hours with one of the characters, and there are two full campaigns as well as sidequest and extra material available in addition to the never ending sword collection. Needless to say, completionists will find a lot to do here.
I took a deep breath, tried to hold onto my compassion and not give way to irritation and with reasonable cheer said ,
to remember these days of being little best friends :)
Ta Prohm. The most amazing of the sites at Angkor. Go see "Lara Croft Tomb Raider" and you will see it. The trees and the buildings have become one, and now neither can survive without the other. Incredible, the melding of nature and man. This tree was over 100 feet tall.
I just don't think it's a very good idea, Gimme.
Please click here and sign up for a daily digest email of the Booktalking blog. It’s the widget on the right that says “Send me this blog via email.”
Didn't see much to photograph the last few days; one pile of dirty gray snow looks like another. Thought I'd post a few pictures taken before I started blogging. These are all of warmer weather, which may be of interest
- 50g / 1.7 oz / 1 /2 cup uncooked old fashioned oats
4. Little Alexander – whom you’ll have read about on our blog here in the past – blog about their adventures in rural Iowa, beekeeping and growing their own food and getting involved in Iowa-life, and running their own creative, ethical, lovely business. AND I was lucky enough to meet the Alexanders when I was in the States earlier this year.
Hence our fun began with talk of camping at Lake Koocanusa. That morning last Thursday, my husband said "you'd better make some ice". I wondered for the next hour what the plan was and busied myself with food preparation "just in case". By early afternoon we had formulated a plan for a 4 day trip!! I don't remember ever camping that long and I wasn't sure how to pack coolers for that many days. Soon I was hurriedly trying to come up with easy and fun camp meals. The Sock Fashion expert jumped right in and made a "campfire twiscuit" dough enough to share and also some of her FAMOUS home made Gram crackers. You haven't had real s'mores until you've tried some of them between some marshmallow, peanut butter and milk chocolate - oh baby!
Sterling Hayden’s performance as Dix is the glue that holds everything together and keeps the narrative focused. Physically, Hayden was ideal casting as the muscle of the gang, and his presence dominates every scene where he appears. His cocksure contempt for the trashy city types that circumstances have forced him to associate with is evident in his arrogant, swaggering manner around the other hoods. The only time he allows the mask of tough insolence to slip a little is when he’s alone with Jean Hagen’s Doll. This fragile woman seems to draw out Dix’s humanity and it’s her presence that encourages him to reminisce with a touching innocence about a happier, cleaner youth growing up on his Kentucky farm. Despite the strident claims of the police commissioner that Dix is a man without conscience or feeling, the viewer can clearly see that he’s an all too human figure. He may be hardened by the necessities of the life he’s had to lead, but the heart of a simple farm boy beats strong below the surface. Although Jean Hagen’s role may have been a small one she is spot on in her portrayal of a lonely and vulnerable woman adrift in the apathetic environment of the big city. The one thing that almost all the characters have in common is their desire to escape the stifling confines of their urban wilderness. Sam Jaffe’s Doc sees the heist as the ideal means to secure a leisured retirement in Mexico and Emmerich views it as an opportunity to dig himself out of the financial and personal wasteland in which he’s mired. Of course both these characters also share a fatal fondness for the company of young women, and that weakness is partly responsible for their coming to grief. Jaffe’s calm inscrutability was well suited to the part of the mastermind who comes to realize that even the most intricate planning and preparation can only take one so far, sooner or later the vagaries of fate step in and throw a spanner in the works. I don’t think I’ve seen Louis Calhern do anything better than his Lon Emmerich, a study in dissipated disillusionment that’s simultaneously sympathetic and repulsive. Huston often shoots him in close-up to catch the shifting emotions and self-doubt that are particularly evident in the eyes – a wonderfully subtle performance. I’d also like to single out Marc Lawrence, whose sweaty turn as Cobby, the real weak link in the chain, is a fine piece of twitchy character acting. Finally, it’s worth mentioning that although she’s prominently featured in the reissue poster I’ve used above, Marilyn Monroe has a relatively minor part in the movie.
What if our hearts of stone are permanent,
He was thankful not to have to believe in God, for then such a condition of things would be intolerable; one could reconcile oneself to existence only because it was meaningless.
Happy Monday all ! I've been missing chatting with you lately....we've just been swarmed with projects. I HOPE to have the final downstairs reveal complete and ready to show y'all by the end of this week! (Cannot WAIT for that post!)
in the wilds, in a glade of its own. I drove him up
My style
Open to international residents. (Yay!)
Chasing cats & squirrels
However, the churches main goal should be to declare the Gospel, NOT advance an agenda of a particular political party!!! We should declare God’s message, God’s Word, God’s truth and in God’s way (see John 13:34-35!) Churches than get in bed with politics always wake up the next morning to find their lover gone!!! We should NEVER use the platform God has given us for an agenda other than HIS!!!”
I'm not entirely sure why I picked this beer up. It's a wintery sort of tipple, brown, rich, and very strong at 9.5% abv. Somehow my hand was drawn to the bottle, though, and I tried it out. Fortunately, it's been kind of wintry in Portland lately (69 as our high yesterday), so I didn't mind and out-of-seasonal.
For you Zone 6 and 7 folks, if you haven’t cut back your ornamental grasses yet, get her done! Fortunately for me, I have a very dynamic mom equipped with a fancy hedge trimmer, which made for fast work. I didn’t fully grasp how vital this was until I trimmed back a mature mass of winter grass at Rumours Wine Bar on 12South yesterday using a small hand trimmer — took forever, scratched me up like crazy, and boy, are my hands sore today.
Everybody said yes and I started practicing. I can say that I’m getting better at it now and I enjoy it very much.
8) Consistency – He’s always consistent, if he says he’s going to do something he does, and if he says he isn’t, he actually surprise surprise doesn’t.
I remembered that even when I was younger, I already had an inclination to teach. I loved to talk and give advice; I wanted to be a priest at one point since I thought it would be cool to give ‘unboring’ homilies. Back in grade school, I would often substitute for my teachers whenever they’re absent. In high school, I joined an organization that reached out to public school children. I taught catechism for two years at the Balara Elementary School, and I loved interacting with the kids. And in college, I became a master of listening and reading people. But apparently, the person I misunderstood most was me.
The only one that we have that's a winner here is the babble ball! Maybe those of you with bigger dogs will like some of the others, but we haven't even heard of most of them!! We have a long squeaker mat that squeaks ALOT, kinda like that Gecko...but we have never seen him.
4) In December 2010 the BWA sent out an email asking people to apply for its ‘publishing programme’. The email stated that ‘We are looking to work with 15 unpublished authors over the next 12 months on an intensive one-to-one basis, who we guarantee will be published with a top publisher before Christmas 2011.’ All this for ‘a one off fee of £1,795′ which is ‘fully guaranteed and fully refundable if you are not published within 12 months.’
We must learn to differentiate between higher spiritual experiences and those of the spirit or astral world, though these can overlap to some degree. Drawing in departed spirits or ghosts, or bringing in animal spirits can have side effects. Studying the occult or subtle worlds can be different than yogic practices aimed at Self-realization. It is important to be able to distinguish between the two and not confuse them. Occult and astral experiences are not always higher yogic experiences and can confuse rather than enlighten us, if we are not careful.
Postscript: Who’s your “literary boyfriend(s)”? Why do you like him? As a writer, how do your characters reflect what is pure, lovely, and beautiful? (This doesn’t mean all of your characters have to be perfect—everyone is flawed, but redeemable.)
However I did buy this gorgeous Marianne Charleston lady die and also bought the Elegant lady one
I have a hardback of this book which has only been read once so if anyone would like it then please leave a comment and I’ll pick someone at random in a week and announce the winner here. I will post anywhere.
Praise for Solstice
The cemetery’s stark simplicity combines with its beauty to provide much to ponder about the human cost of war and the common humanity of the men and women who serve in the military of every nation. As John McCutcheon puts it in his song, “Christmas in the Trenches“:
Dealing with family Issues
A-J = front neck depth 2” less than A-C or to taste.
A major strength of the book is that Brande is not prescriptive about how she defines success. It does not contain instructions on how to get rich quick or set out ways to become famous overnight. The implicit message is that we all know deep down in our hearts when we are truly fulfilling our potential and the formula she proposes encourages everyone to take steps to putting ideas and beliefs into practice.
Avoid eating anything today that creates conflict in you.
I am linking up to the parties on my menu.
“Please accept Your Excellency our warm congratulations to you on behalf of the government and people of South Africa on your election as President of Cuba.
At Neal and Co. I was excited to learn that not only did they carry Les Indiennes fabric, but they had made up pillows in several different fabrics. While it’s not a paisley per se – it does have the “look” of one – so Cindy let me take a few out on approval. Yes! Late last night while all my family was sound asleep, I was styling the family room like some crazed maniac. At one point Ben came down for water and found the room a complete mess and asked simply - “what are you doing?” “Nothing.” I wonder what he would have thought had I told him I was trying to copy the cover of House Beautiful! Perfectly normal, I know!!! Especially at 3:00 in the morning. Well, I’m sure the Vamp understands. For the pink throw – I had gotten a shawl in that shade as a Christmas gift and thought it was a genius idea. Except it photographed a dull coral, not pink. And for flowers – I thought I’d just use my pink orchid. But it didn’t photograph good either. I dragged my suzani on the sofa along with the Les Indiennes pillows, using the brown velvet ones in place of the brown cowhide. It didn’t really look that great – certainly didn’t look much like Jill’s at all and I was prepared to pronounce Vamp the winner in the Plagiarize Jill Brinson contest – with just us two contestants. Oh well. That was fun, but a major disappointment. See what I mean:
All I need for my delicious strawberry shake is:
Back in the Saddle Again by Gene Autrey
Also, you made sure to make my morning a living hell because once again, my son decided to blow his top. For. No. Good. Reason. And in affect, I “lost” the littlest one of the bunch.
It was pretty much a one-sided battle. You can see the end of the battle below as well as the casualties for both sides. I only lost a couple of regiments. Fun game, and taught the system in probably just one turn. She never played “massed” battles before so she was getting her own units in the way most of the time. Nothing that practice can’t help.
Right off the bat, lets get one thing straight: the science fiction zombie is created by a plague/disease/pathogen of some sort. It doesn’t much matter if it comes from a spacecraft or a secret government lab or the garage of an apocalyptic lunatic, it’s still a mircoscopic thing designed to invade the body and do something to it, presumably for the purpose of self-propagation (its creators, of course, have alternate goals, no doubt, but the bug itself doesn’t). The reason this is important is because there are some things a disease just *can’t* do.
Now, if I ever catch them jumping down the stairs there'll be what for! ;-)
recession was
More to come…and how you can help the next stage of this dream become a reality (and get thanked for it)!
Hi and hello! Welcome back to my corner of the blogging world. Hope you are having a wonderful day filled with lots of joy and crafty makes. :)
There's been several recent self-defense shootings around the country, most notably the one in Florida, that have reminded me of a discussion I typically have at the end of teaching an NRA Basic Pistol Course/Ohio CCW course. Many of my students have a lot of questions about carrying a concealed weapon, anticipating their soon to be Ohio License to Carry a Concealed Hangun... or CCW permit as many folks call it.
5. H&M
But grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. To him be the glory both now and to the day of eternity.
A volatile day on Wall street. The market declined only 8 points for the day, but it covered 6o points between all the swings. The market first took out yesterday’s 1383 low, then tried to take out yesterday’s 1390 high, but could only equal it. After that the market sold off quite solidly to 1370 before rebounding somewhat into the close. When the market hit SPX 1379 early, we thought Intermediate wave B could end with another diagonal triangle in the 1396 area. When the market failed at SPX 1390 it then appeared Int. B completed on tuesday at 1393. We can now count a Minute a to SPX 1379, a Minute b to 1390, and a Minute c to 1370 completing Minor wave A. The rally before the close looks like Minor wave B. As long as SPX 1390 is not reached again we’ll count it as such. When it does conclude we should get another Minute abc down.
Thank you Liz for sending me a copy of this book to read and review!
We performed the "Judy, Letty, Katie" show at an art gallery, a women's center, and at four house parties. Our goal was to reach those voters still on the fence about voting for Obama. Amazing to me that so many of these intelligent women had been frightened by the malicious lies and ugly rumors -- exactly what the opponents had hoped for. The politics of fear! But after each event 3 or 4 women came up to tell us we'd helped them feel better about voting for Obama. Every vote counts, every vote has consequence. We fell into bed at night exhausted, often after very late suppers at the few restaurants that remained open until 11pm. And we were only on the road a week. I can't begin to imagine what it was like to be on the campaign trail for 22 months. Well, I can....but I don't want to go there. What strength and stamina it takes! It's too much for anyone and I hope we never have to go through a campaign that lasts this long again. I hope it as a voter and I hope it for the candidates.
Quick and easy, yes. Make ahead...only if going to be eating later that same day or at the latest, the next day. Between the cucumbers and the yogurt, this became very liquidy by day 4. And unappealing. As long as eating shortly after assembly, good taste and a nice variation on chicken salad. I served with pita pockets.
20 years later.
In another bowl, stir together sour cream or yogurt, the 1/2 cup sugar, milk and egg. Add these to the flour mixture and stir all until the mixture is just combined.
No really. Veggies read no further...
This could never happen in the UK will be the thought of many readers. Ten years ago they would have laughed like hell in California if anyone had tried to tell them what was coming. The largest component of our domestic economy is contained within the financial centre of the City of London. Our Wall Street. These organisations, and the ones behind them, control our political parties and our economy directly. In no measure can our 'real world' economy replace it, not now, nor for many years to come. There are scenarios which lead to people living in their cars here. It is true to state that there are some that don't. The people in charge have no more interest in your well-being once you retire than they do the good people of California.
The place of passage between these two senses of the secret of secret, the locale of its immanent hiddenness, is the topology defined in the word secret itself, substantive of the verb secerno (to set apart, sever, disjoin). Secrecy is dislocation, severed place, topological severing. Thus at the summit of its literal significance, we find secret as the universal word written within the interior of the mystic’s self-dislocating body. For example: the literally falling apart, limb from limb, of some Indian Sufis in the presence
And The Guardian is careful not to look too closely at what differentiates the two sorts of Greenie. It is nationalism only. Both sorts of Greenie are authoritarian -- wanting to impose their own will on others. The recipe is simple: Greenie+Nationalism = Nazi. No other adjustments necessary. And in fact the modern product is potentially even more nasty than before. The 1930s Nazis didn't like Jews, whereas Greenies today don't like PEOPLE
2010.07.31 Iraq Tarmiya 3 8 Three civilians on a minibus are taken out by Jihadi bombers.
I wish the people of Syria a peaceful and successful referendum.
But there's one place I love more than any other.
by Oliver Wendell Holmes
A citizen of both the U.S. and Canada, Crystal began performing at the early age of 13 at Nashville's Famous Tootsie's Orchid Lounge, where she earned her first standing ovation. After several years of traveling back and forth with her father who drove a truck through Nashville on his North-South run, Crystal began a permanent gig at Tootsie's at the age of 16.
I didn’t check my bag because I’m always afraid of losing it in transit. I prefer to keep my luggage with me. Now that airlines charge you to check even one bag, everyone wants to keep their suitcases with them instead of checking them. The problem with that is they run out of room on the plane. If you’re one of the last people on, you’ll be out of luck and will end up having to check your bag right there at the gate. That’s what happened to me today. The flight attendant said, “There’s no room. Just leave your suitcase here and I’ll tag it and check it. What seat are you in?”
Man, what a busy quarter this is…sorry for not posting as much as I wish I could. First I want to add to my last post about addictions…this is my new one that I am sure I share with many of you! Addicting song by an addicting band: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJO3ROT-A4E&ob=av2e
They also clarified the difference between Continuationists and practicing Continuationists. There are some Continuationists that don’t pursue them. I forgot the name they used for them.
To test for VP62 plasmid contamination in prostate specimens,a set of 4 primers were designed for nested PCR. The 2 forward primers (5 TCTGGCTAACTAGAGAACCCACTG-3 and 5 AATACGACTCACTATAGGGAGACC-3) were specific to the multiple cloning site of pCDA3.1(-) (Invitrogen). The 2 reverse primers
I have a picture hanging in my foyer that says “Faith is…the bird that sings while the dawn is still dark.” Don’t know who said it but it encourages me.
11. Cupcake Project
Add sesame oil. Stir. Add soy sauce and Terriaki sauce. Stir. Season with salt and pepper. Mix corn starch with water and make a slurry. Add to pan and stir. Add shrimp and stir until pink. Add walnuts.
It’s possible that the awkward dancing had a little something to do with my falling in love, but COME ON! THAT VOICE! AMAZING! For some insane reason the girl still hasn’t really ever found her way out of the bottom 3 since the top 13 kicked off, but while some contestants have been more consistently good than she has, she just keeps getting better every week. I’m holding out hope she’ll pull an Elliott Yamin and fight her way into the final 3 against all odds.
9/16/09 – Bottled eight 12oz., eighteen 22oz., and two 24oz. Bottles with roughly 16oz left over that went into a 24oz bottle. Total of about 4.3 gallons. Primed with 3.6oz. of corn sugar @ about 72˚ for about 2.3 volumes of CO2.
- 12/11/1941: sank the freighter SS Lahaina: 4 crewmembers were killed
You’d think that after Sept. 11 we would have focused our spending on securing the obvious terrorism targets, and in some cases we have. Too often, however, we’re not doing that – like when we buy a hazardous-materials trailer for a county in rural Ohio, a piece of equipment that later gets sold because it sits unused in a parking lot and costs too much to maintain. Or when we buy an 80-camera surveillance system to monitor an Alaskan town too small for a streetlight. Or when we satiate officials’ desire for NASA-style command centers and buy 55 flat-screen televisions for a local intelligence center only to find out that the TVs are all tuned to the same news channel.
In a 6 qt crockpot (or smaller if you have and want to use it and your steaks will fit. Mine were frozen so not able to be mushed around!) Layer Steaks. Put one layer down, cover with about 1/2 of the can of manwich sauce, top with other steaks and top them with the rest of the can. Around the edges of the meat, pour the can of beef broth in. Sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon onion powder & mushrooms.
Its lyrics whispy white clouds drifting.
The age-old technique of pruning is a subjective interplay of lots to consider: forming the tree into an upside-down cone shape, leaving the middle open for air and sun, determining the primary and secondary rami, branches, which are typically 3, 4, or 5, but usually 3, (knowing how the energy flows through the branches to get growth where you want it,) while considering the ratio of height to width—creating visual balance and harmony. You get the picture. That’s why Tuscan farmers have dedicated their lives to the process of nurturing gli olivi, the sacred olive trees, as the art and mystery becomes deeply ingrained into who they are. Powerful stuff indeed!
On gossamer wings
Heat the olive oil in a 10 or 12 inch metal handle skillet (you will be putting this in your oven later!). Add seasonings, onion, and ground turkey and saute' until it's browned.
18. If you ever decide to live today like it was the last day of your life, tomorrow would be hell after all the crazy-ass shit you pulled today!
Y’all come see us now! ~ Ginger
the cold muggyness slides down my face
Just so you know. Okay? Okay.
Next came the wee town of Carcross. Initially named Caribou Crossing, mail mix-ups with Cariboo, B.C. prompted a name change. Unincorporated, it’s home to 400+ folks, many of them Carcross/Tagish First Nation. Once the White Pass and Yukon River Railway passed through. Folks used Carcross as a stopover on the way to Dawson City, YK gold fields. Tourism now supports the town.
i'm happy i know the people i know
I could see only one set of footprints,
ASAP
Ok I feel much better now and my kids are happy :)
Big hugz and mahalos(thanks) to Gene and Patti for making me feel so special! You gals are just amazing, and I am truly blessed to have you in my life as friends!!!!
12 Flirtin With Disaster (Live) 6:15
I will sing and give praise.
Rating 2
But the beauty of kissing and the art of it, like, the way a hand sliding up and down a face can make someone feel completely different and heighten a situation or the way you can suck a bottom lip (or borrom lip) that can make a woman sigh in a ‘well GOOD GAWD DAMN’.
“Says the person who tried to slit my teammate’s throat,” Regent spoke.
Jesse Campbell, What a Wonderful World – He sounded great, which was not surprising at all. He really has an amazing voice, which the judges acknowledged. Adam said he tells his team that Jesse is the one to beat, and I think that’s accurate. This probably goes without saying, but I put him on my list of people to vote for.
Political patronage is a powerful instrument of political control which the two political parties will loathe to give up. Most if not all the appointments that governor Christie has made at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey have been in the unclassified service.
I says, "You damn right! That's one thing I can do.
Playboys (or girls), those who refuse to grow up, the skittish, the cheaters, the fibbers, the non-commital, those who can't manage limitations, restrictions, or adult responsibilities - these people become less and less attractive.
As I continue to practice dropping out of my mind and into my body, several interesting things have been occurring. One is that my normal state of intense study and research is becoming less normal. I simply don't have the same intensity of thinking, which also means less writing. I've been finding myself at a loss to even comment on all of your blogs. Even this post is more like an eruption than a coherent thought process.
In one of the most remote and extreme inhabited environments on Earth, mud architecture for centuries provided a sustainable way of life in this ecologically fragile cold desert region. With the introduction of tourism three decades ago, imported building technologies have been replacing traditional construction techniques.
Happy Friday Friends, Oh how I love Fridays. Do you like Fridays? Tomorrow Tom will be home. We will go to the Farmers Market. I love to go there. I wish it was bigger then it is but it is better then no farmers market at all!!! I see these big beautiful markets on TV and I drool!!!! I love eating healthy!! It is more work but oh so worth it!!!!!
notes, John Fahey, Ravi Shankar, The Grateful Dead and LaMonte Young is a
The Electrician: He has busted his butt all day at my house. My yard looks like a golf course. He planted some cherry and Big Boy tomatoes, cucumbers, red peppers, (the radishes are already coming in). We have to get some potting soil for my herbs. He also did a couple of loads of laundry and also caulked some of my broken concrete on the back patio.
Now available for pre-ordering, Gwyn Evans: The Lunatic, the Lover and the Poet is the story of thriller-writer Gwyn Evans, one of the kings of Bohemia, whose antics made him a legend in Fleet Street. As someone once remarked: "Evans never created anyone in his stories as remarkable as himself."
You'd wonder how a family this big would have survived this long, seeing as there's so many of them. Maybe they're eating grass outside or they're so high on moonshine fumes they don't even care...
The family greets a man returning from office with a degree of surprise and joy, unseen in other parts of the world. The wife (or the husband) welcomes the spouse heartily, offering tea and juices for having returned unscathed from the ordeal of driving on the Indian roads. This daily uncertainty about life keeps the family bonds strong, and turns the soul towards the benevolent family deity, every night.
Let me take you back to Saturday. Mr. A and my mom were busy at work getting together the final touches to a surprise spa party to celebrate my big 3-0! In the meantime I get a phone call that Hudson's striped curtains are finished and ready to be picked up (1 hour away.) My mom is doing everything in her power to not let me go. Enter angry (bitchy) pregnant lady. Turns out there was a surprise party waiting at home for me. I walk in the door, still not processing what I'm seeing, still angry that I haven't been able to get my curtains yet.
but she is here and your hands are nowhere near me
And it’s the “Let’s play with words” game. The money we spent on war we borrowed. Period. So what he is saying, in such a nice way, is that we will continue to borrow money “to pay down our debt” and keep on borrowing more for what he calls “Nation building”. What this really means is that he wants to increase domestic spending relative to what we use with the military. And all the while keep borrowing money while increasing our countries debt. Creating more debt to “pay down” debt is the height of stupidity but our country has been practicing this long before Obama became president. We now have to borrow money just to pay the interest on money we have already borrowed. Why can’t anyone in government see this is a bad course to follow? It’s like a heroin addict stealing money for his next fix and saying “this will be the last time I do this”.
Non-fiction: The Bible and books about dinosaurs.
- Homemade Moroccan Pickle mix
When Diny asked me to help her also with this, I was a little proud of myself.
The city operations are a mess. Attempts to cover up the lack of leadership and dumb, self-serving issues are high on the baloney scale. Look for the Baloney Scale on the guelphspeaks website.
b - brave
Paragon didn’t approve of Davy’s ways either, & continuously whittled away at him too. One afternoon when they were both sneaking a quick nap after a bite of manna, for example, Paragon whittled, “I doubt you can work a full day.”
I actually had a binder for all of my recipes that I had put together a long while ago and shared with you here. Those got moved to the "new matching binder", tabs and all!
Cream Matryoshka earrings. Cute handmade plastic russian doll charms on silver-plated earwires... simple!! 1 pair available.
From the NYT obit:
Decor Elements pece with applicator
Friday morning I woke up around 6am feeling like my head was going to split open. I was also sweating to death and felt extremely like I was going to throw up, but I didn’t. It was a migraine, which I’ve never really had before. I stumbled out of bed and sat down at my computer, covering my face with my hands because it hurt my head to look at the bright screen. I kind of typed some words to my professors which I read later and were not so legible. Anyway, I went back to bed until around 11 and felt better and went up to Caitlin’s room to hang out. But around 3 I started having some trouble seeing, like when I would look at a word I could only see one letter. When I looked at Caitlin and Alexis, I could only see one part of them that I was focusing on, like one eye. It was frightening. Then I kind of lost my peripheral vision and saw a lot of zigzags on the stuff that I was looking at. My mom wanted me to go to the ER but I said nahhh bro honey badger don’t care.
Connecting vowels with consonant-ships of Vasco Da Gama 1498 times infinite-YYT years
Here are some pictures from our Easter activities that I am just now getting around to posting!
I pulled out my Authentique 6x6 in 'Blissful' along with the new stamps
She pressed the green button and Aly Sprang to life. Her full name, Alessandra, meant assistant, which is what her purpose was for Maerie. She was a relatively simple automaton, originally only helping her with the most basic of needs, carrying tools, analyzing different materials and doing calculations but over the months since her acquisition and “birth” as many referred to it, she had upgraded and improved her functionality. Now she was not just an assistant bot, but one that was capable of much more sophisticated actions, even up to protecting Maerie and herself with a electrical energy field that acted as a shield for short periods of time. Aly had become her one and only companion and although her AI personality features remained relatively rudimentary, Maerie had grown quite fond of her and had bonded with this machine.
For my card today, I scouted blog land for a sketch to use on the hop. I went with this week's Card Patterns sketch and stamped the sentiment from the Song in My Heart Oval JustRite set in the corner before I started to sponge on my colours. I then sponged on my various Stampin' Up! inks and then used my Martha Stewart leaf punch to make a reverse mask to create the sponged leaves. I finished off the main image with some of Martha's butterfly punches to create the butterflies out of vellum.
Fortunately, behind its traditional brick-masonry walls, Kathmandu hides a number of gracious courtyards where soothing fountains flow, sunlit gardens quietly thrive, and iced drinks are served in the shade. The "valley of Shangri-La" was thought to be a hidden paradise amongst craggy mountains; similarly, these urban oases offer respite from the grime.
You will live. Just start typing and eventually you will find a way to put your thoughts in print.
Tacoma had trouble shutting down the Grizzlies offense. Fresno scored 38 runs on 56 hits over the four-game series. The Rainiers were fortunate to get that comeback win in the third game.
I didn’t want to succumb to her dancing addiction any longer. I’d had enough. I’d never danced so much in my life. I thought: Welcome to Latin America.
I am, though, as regular readers will know, substantially – and seriously – disabled, I can’t walk more than a few yards and, if I have to I’m out of action for days afterwards. Mostly, I use wheels when I can.
Singer, songwriter, Bright Eyes, vegan, BD 2/15/1981
Does that means I have to try to have them done in 2012? Guess I'll have to do that then~
When I was about ten, Dad sent me from the barn to the house to get the dog. Some stray cattle and a bull had wandered in and Whuskey would chase them away.
Listen chickadees, I’m loving this weather.
I'm so jealous for anyone that can score a copy of Bloodlines, the spin off series to VA! I am mostly looking forward to chatting with all the bloggers! There's so much you can talk about with your friends about books! I can't wait! Oh and the Tuesday posts, discovering everyone's favourite books will be so so awesome!
The ride to Rayong took 2 1/2 hours. Instead of napping, I stared out of the window the entire trip in anxiety that I may miss my stop or something. My nervousness was not helped by my seat mate an overly large Thai soldier in his jungle fatigues who was probably just returning home but that did not make me feel any better.
53) I am a flirter. I don't even realize I'm doing it. I've tried to rein it in, as men seem to think that it means that they're getting somewhere. In fact, nothing could be further from the truth. If you think I'm chatting you up, I am so not hot for you. If I was hot for you, I would be all tongue-tied and shy and doofus-y. If you're getting my full-wattage charm, you don't stand a chance of getting the ride. Er, Spouse Sparrow excepted. He was the only one.
i) Do you have a secret passion? What? Why is it a passion? And why is it a secret?
Charity understood, smiled
But not being a fan of organ music, I went to hear Ines Maer give a free piano recital, which lasted about 30 minutes. Ms Ines Maer does not seem to have her own website yet. There are examples of her performances you can listen to through YouTube.
When you go through the check out lane with your turkey and all your STUFF for your feasting day, when you cannot take another moment of your children's behavior because they are stressed from lack of sleep or the sudden change in your public parenting persona, or when the person in front of you obviously gave up bathing for lent - last year.....BE NICE TO THE CASHIER. Be friendly and courteous. Chances are enough assholes have passed before you today.
P.S. Belated congrats to Sher Springall for winning the Facebook Candy!!
John Marshall is a writer/comedian who has written for The Chris Rock Show (Emmy nomination), Politically Incorrect, Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn and the current version of The Electric Company. He has also written for Bazooka Joe comics. He contributes a political comedy blog to The Huffington Post.
“I cracked up when people said she was with Derek Hough. I was like: “You’re so far off!’”
Mainly muffins as I like to think that they're slightly healthier if they hold one of your 5 a day, LOL. Mind you this is not the case if they've got a couple of inches of butter cream on....
1 refrain
"Everything Mr. Sharshar. Everything."
Funk & Wagnall's New Encyclopedia (1983) Funk & Wagnall's
Combine flour and salt in a mixing bowl or kitchen aid. Slowly add ½ the water while stirring. Slowly add more water and continuing to mix and blend, until it creates a ball of dough that is firm and just soft enough to knead. (The exact amount of water will depend on the moisture content of the flour as well as the general humidity in your home as you prepare the recipe.) Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface and knead until smooth. Use cookie cutters and other shaping materials to shape and cut out the dough. Use a straw or wiggle a paper clip into your dough to make a hole in the center for hanging.
In Stark tower, Hulk smashes Loki like a basketball. Iron Man saves the earth by exploding a bomb in the alien spaceship.
This post may very well be written in my overwrought fashion of old, something I still have to conscientiously keep in check because the desire to express in words what my heart is feeling is likewise overwrought. My heart in itself, in effect, in reality, in perfect honesty, in all aspects, in everyday life, in every which way, even in un-confessable ways, is overwrought.
Reasonably fresh and crisp taste, easy drinking and a lovely earthy tone to the colour. A little light on aroma and the malt is sweetish but a little muted. Almost enough bitterness to be a great pilsner and it feels like it wants to tick all the boxes but perhaps couldn’t afford to. Maybe more a premium lager type of beer and a good one at that.
Mayberry was bigger than that!
Welp. Remember fit to fat? Yeah, I haven't been doing that so much. Remember weight watchers? I haven't been doing that either.
I feel like I did when Makenzie first died. I became obsessed with every single thing of hers. I didn't even want people to look at certain things because it wasn't for their eyes. I feel like I am doing the same thing but in reverse. I am obsessing over T's things before he even gets here. Things he has yet touch or see or feel. Everything has to be protected and preserved for him.
Moyles: It begins with 's' and rhymes with 'perm'.
“Jiggly!”
This year John and I wanted to change the way we did Easter. In the past (having little kids and all) Easter had a focus more on eggs, bunnies and baskets and less on the true reason for Easter, The Savior.
David Cole, President of the Communications, Energy and Paperworkers Union adds: “Canada does not need the Gateway pipeline. It is contrary to our need for jobs, the economy, environmental protection and First Nations rights; these four pillars have to be the priority.”
Not really any pictures to share, but I'll be back tomorrow with a new web site special and more.......
If you'd like to join us, it's only 400 Euros for two days. Now there's a bargain.
So, why short stories?
Jonathan Livingston Seagull
Sound Mixing
- Money 'found' in my coat pockets
Nor does it really matter: The strength of Room isn’t that it’s similar to true cases (any more than the strength of We Need To Talk about Kevin was its similarity to Columbine and other school shootings.) Rather, what makes this book so unique is its narrator, and our ability as readers to experience such an atrocity through the eyes of a child too naive to understand it. Without giving anything away, Jack’s take on the “normalcy” of living in such a small space, and interacting with no one except his mother, is more heartbreaking than the knowledge of the pair’s imprisonment. Further, as Jack’s mother loses her resolve to shield him from knowledge of the outside world (admitting in fits and spurts that not everything on television is fake) we are privy to Jack’s reactions as he is forced to reexamine his entire concept of reality.
Just a small reminder: Our tutorial section is growing an growing - btw, thanks to the 5-th-dimension crew to your hard work!- but don´t forget our great 5-th-TV-Dimension channel on Youtube. There you will find al lot of clips about some written words in the tutorial section. You will find it in Media tab, or use the link at the end of the post.
different reasons why they infernal mutation of capitalism threatens to destroy the very same capital markets that brought it into being. Now here’s another: "Sometimes high-frequency traders don't even profit from the trade itself. They buy and sell shares at the same price and make money by sending large orders through the exchanges. NYSE, Nasdaq and others want to attract the most traders. So they offer rebates of 20 to 32 cents per 100 shares to traders who send in large orders. On the electronic exchange NYSE Arca, traders who can move 35 million shares pocket a quick $112,000".
You know, that photo of the kids with their shaved heads is reminiscent of nazi concentration camps, and the nazis had referred to their Jewish victims as a "disease" as well. The nazis also liked to shave the heads of their victims and throw them into water also. Perhaps not a coincidence considering how the mohamadeens colluded with Hitler to perpetrate the Holocaust.
FICTION (just for me)
So become the centre of a positive change ripple. “Be,” as Mahatma Gandhi said, “the change you want to see in the world.” Take advantage of this knowledge and make it a point to practice giving a happy smile whenever you can.
This was a fun project and I'm so glad I could leave a little bit of me on Carter's closet doors.
by Kat Zhang
I'll post the final version when I'm done.
8:00-8:30 - Sir drops off to sleep
My mother can't speak to waiters at all, she would tell us what she wanted and when the waiter asked her for her order, she would look frantically at us and mouth what she wanted.
(d) Commonwealth Act No. 500 authorizing the President in view of the existence of a state of national emergency to reduce the expenditures of the executive departments of the Government by the suspension or abandonment of service, activities, or operations of no immediate importance.
Look, I’m clear about why you should vote for me: the Lib Dems in Austrailia have done some bad stuff – so don’t vote for the Lib Dems here!”.
7-17-24 Roppongi, Minato-ku
New shisha controversy is the final nail in the Moroccan’s Arsenal career
Emilie (most often referred to as Em or Emi, if I'm the one doing the referring) is hands down my best friend in the entire world.
Now we have to call beforehand to check if they’re home and if they’re free to receive you. Heck! even I wouldn’t like it if someone lands up with family for a meal while I’m planning on catching a movie or have anther dinner scheduled!
There was no time for Abby to let loose her tears. She swiped at the monster who had swallowed Tawa with her sword, scratching it across the eyes, and then ran down the hall as her other blade emerged from her right hand. She used her momentum to skewer the creature on Demetrius' back. She hopped over him and tossed the dead thing into one of the rooms. She spun and chopped down another beast. Black blood splashed over the walls and dripped on her from the ceiling.
Being curious, I checked it out. It looks like a legitimate site, basically promoting extramarital affairs. The site actually says: Life is short. Have an affair.
Vermont Commons continues to live up to that vision, and in so doing inspires the rest of us, even in far-flung places like Ohio.
Whereas the cornerstone of the Republic is honoring Congress’s exclusive power to declare war under article I, section 8, clause 11 of the Constitution: Now, therefore, be it
I can't wait for everything to finally be put into motion, once I save up enough I am outta here...GOODBYE BRITAIN HELLO REST OF EUROPE.
Basically, I want to be free. Free to pursue my dreams or whatever it is that I want freely. For I believe that this is the most important right of every individual. But this is not to say that I will just do what I want when I want. Of course I will do the things that I want in accordance to the written law of the land and I will not do anything that will violate the similar right of other individuals. We have written laws to follow and so the government should just leave the citizens alone, though the thought of Anarchy also fascinates me but I’m afraid I still need to learn and study about the arguments of Libertarians regarding the relevance of Anarchy. This is why I’m against the looming increase in the tax of cigarettes and alcohol. The government thinks that it is the divine duty of the state to inform the people about perils of smoking and excessive drinking. Duh! Can you really find a person that will tell you to your face that excessive smoking and drinking is beneficial to one’s health? And who gave the government the right to tell the people what to do? Aren’t the people smart or responsible enough to know that anything in excess is bad? This is a perfect example of the government trying to make the decisions for the citizens, which I believe violates basic human rights.
Credibility aside, though, the best explanation may have come from Oscar Wilde, who insightfully told us that the only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about.
The power of these new ideas allowed controlling societies to be less hierarchical in a literal sense because the soft means of control (through ideas) was that much stronger. Think of the modern work place. They typically don't have 12 layers of management anymore: they just read your email and log into your facebook account.
it did make me consider changing the name of the blog. when i started it, i thought it might focus more on moving to new york than it does. this blog is so much more than that. it is about inspiration, recovery, passion, imagination, and my city. I think the name “forget regret” fits so much better – what do you think?
What do we mean by celebrity pastors?
Gillian is also introduces a new character and from the word go I got the sense that this person is up to something, but then she says something and I'm thinking she can't be that bad. So for me at the start of her introduction is was a catch 22. I was left questioning a character that I knew was not who she was being portrayed to be, she just couldn't be. Confusion is the name of the game until you hit the last couple of chapters.
6. Manage Self: This is one of the key sets of strategies for being the best you can be to resolve conflict.
Our family has gained so many benefits from being organized, but the biggest gift is the time we gain to enjoy one another!
I mentioned the other day Christina Marguiles was at my work library speaking about her new cookbook. She was very informative, just like the book. Since her background is as a food scientist she is able to tell you why things happen or need to happen in order for your baking to turn out correctly. She talked about some of her key tips in the book about how to avoid cookies from over spreading and how to get the perfect shiny crackly top on your brownies.
As of today, Uganda is still in a tedious peace process with the LRA, with both sides accusing each other of violating peace agreements. The good news is that they are still in the peace process and they’re doing it without the help of a foreign country that will attempt to benefit from the talks. Instead, using Rick Machar and South Sudan is helping to build ties with all those in that region. The LRA and the UPDF have now signed a second peace accord and hopefully this one will result in successful peace.
I hope everyone has had a great weekend. I just went to the laundry mat to do a load of clothes. I hadn't been in years and it was an experience. I won't be back to SC until Friday so I had to have some fresh clothes. Did you know it costs $3.50 and $4.00 per load of wash and 25 cents for every 8 minutes of drying time? What happened to 25 cent and 50 cent washers? Bless those people's hearts that have to always use the laundry mat. I felt so blessed. Sometimes I think He puts us in situations so we can stand back and say, "Thank you Lord for what you've given me." I'm always thankful, but this brings you into a different reality.
You’ve said Andy Stanley, your pastor, was one of the first to know about your new church. Was he surprised? Was it difficult for him to hear?
So what did these experts say? Now obviously, the best place to serve dinner is not on the concrete patio or your kitchen floor but listen to these responses.
So lately I can’t decide what I want to major in. I’m at the point where I’ve drove my parents insane, my friends are lecturing me, and I’m starting to question my future. I started off college as a Nursing major, then went to Information Technology/ Cyber Security; but now I’ve been thinking about International Relations. My parents aren’t too happy with me keep changing my mind, because that means I am racking up one hell of a bill. But should they care when the loans are in my name? I can’t get mad at them because they want whats best. My mom suggested that I should get my Master’s in International Relations, which I don’t mind because everyone knows I want to get my Master’s. I’m just such an indecisive person when it comes to my education. Or maybe it’s because my mom has a little too much to say in it. She kept trying to push me to education, and I only accepted that because the government would pay like 40 % of my student loans for me. Which in my mind is excellente! All I know is that I need to make a decision fast on what I want to do. I can’t keep wasting time.
I have a lot to learn, everyday I stumble but grasp my mistakes and move on. It has been a week and I can proudly sat that I am settling in, absorbing the vibe that is alive in the kitchen, understanding the personalities that create the atmosphere, getting to know the tools that I have to work with but most of all I look forward to creating products that have people come back time and time again.
Oh, I just remembered something I wanted to share. If you've read this blog for a while, you'll know that John works as a gardener at our local college. Last week, he was digging in one of the gardens and found these...
ViMae's Daddy has passed along his love of this story, and she decided to be Smaug for Halloween. "Maybe a nice Smaug," she says. Still, she wants to breathe fire and scare other children.
7. What is your favorite color?
Thanks to Michele Obama and general anti-obesity school crusades, the tiny teeny toothpick Merrick has developed an inordinate fear of contracting diabetes. This fear manifests itself in the following ways:
up with fantastic Mother's Day brunch recipe? Your mom would be overjoyed
ROCHESTER, NY -- The Genesee Brewing Company has a long and storied history. It also has received a $20 million investment in upgrades over the past two years by its comparatively new owner, North American Breweries.
I believe the most inclusive website regarding decoration is Rdeco which has lots of links to other sites as well. There are many re-posts from well known international websites, and they also publish some original content, especially with regard to making things, and local hands-on info.
Are you shopping for anything specific this Fall-Winter?
A forced march across a desert
1. Michigan State Spartans
The last day of FatMumSlim's Photo A Day Challenge is today :( Sigh...
I was off last week, on Wednesday, on one of those days when the skies promised rain. And it was cool, so I took my bike off the balcony and brought it down the elevator and onto Owensmouth and rode it along Victory, on the landscaped bike path, and turned up Topanga and kept pedaling until I reached Chatsworth.
Heide Kastler (costumes)
Brasserie d'Orval S.A. Orval Trappist Ale
“I assume this is how you want to end it?” asked the hunched man at the bar.
The crucifixion of Christ, the horror of what so many people live with in the violence of South African society, is contradictory to the teachings of the Church and to the life of Christ, who sought to bring freedom.Indeed, we are called to live in love, freedom and forgiveness, but we are also called to live in value, respect and justice. As deep as the cost was to bring about freedom, surely the present authorities of South Africa are called to give of the same cost to ensure truth, justice and freedom.
She's an obsessive reviser. She has a box file of index cards with character notes and situations and when she's starting a novel, she sits with these cards and a blank sheet of paper for a month (always a month) before she starts to write. She writes her first draft in longhand, then types the novel on to a computer, expanding every paragraph ('like knitting a novel'). She then prints it out and revises it all over again in longhand. She records this revised draft on to a tape which she reads aloud, in front of her computer screen, correcting the computerised version and making even more revisions as she goes along. She loves being in the middle of a novel, rather than beginning or end.
This award will last a lifetime. You’ll always be an award-winning recipient, but you only will have a finite time spam to take maximum advantage of its public relations potential.
Hope you guys have been enjoying these as much as I did drawing them.
Thank you, Valorie, for allowing me to snag all of the above photos from here and there on your blog, and for letting me brag on you and your well deserved spot in the fabulous book
Cut one medium onion into slices.
“I’m relieved to hear it!”
Goldings - (Golden ale) 4.5% ABV
Power expresses place, grips
The defense wants records from the defendant’s parents, George and Cindy Anthony; her former fiancé, Jesse Grund; her brother, Lee Anthony; a friend, Amy Huizenga; and Roy Kronk, the meter reader who found Caylee’s remains in December of last year.
The Spring Beer Dinner, hosted in the Saucer’s Hollandsworth Hall, will feature Oregon’s renowned Deschutes Brewery and a special six-course beer pairing menu. The night’s courses will be served as follows: beets and goat cheese with Mirror Pond Pale Ale; spicy shrimp and polenta with Green Lakes Organic Ale; onion soup with Black Butte Porter; winter bruschetta with Red Chair NWPA; blue cheese and orange marmalade with Hop Henge Experimental IPA; and chocolate mousse and blood oranges with The Dissident.
Please send them to:
The history of this Loop live bootleg is largely unknown. The quality of the recording is fantastic, and the performance is something else. Before I heard this Wolf Flow was my favourite Loop album, but they seem to crank everything up a bit in this performance. It’s hectic and frantic they just about hold on to it.
too lazy to stand for the bus?
Bringing this back to Susan- I believe she can do far better and make far more with her current business, especially if she starts hiring staff as she becomes too busy.
And I will also pick one winner - they will get the doodle frames and a $5.00 coupon to my store :)
William Chalcoff, 41, Roslyn, N.Y.
This one pours an almost completely opaque brown with reddish highlights and a good tan head for a lager.
Climate change makes it even more imperative that we focus on farmworker health and safety. One of global warming’s side effects may be to actually increase the number of farmworkers in the United States. Higher temperatures will result in significantly declining yields for the most important crops in many developing countries. This could boost U.S. agricultural production as our country exports more crops to make up the difference for the worst affected regions. One of these regions is Mexico. An economic analysis of climate change, crop yields, and migration patterns in Mexico found that millions of struggling farmers will come to the U.S. as climate refugees over the next seventy years. Many of them could take jobs as farmworkers and it is critical that we protect their health and safety.
You look for love on a grander scale
In any case, I believe the possibilities are richer in Portland than almost any city in the US based on the good band:brewery ratio. Someone should get on this. Gigantic, perhaps? I envision excellent double entendre and cross-marketing possibilities.
We've been hanging around the house alot lately. Four kids + one mom + outings = trouble. So, we go to preschool and speech, or a friend's house... but until Colin gets home I find it safest to stay at home with them. We've been doing lots and lots of crafts, playdoh, playing in the yard, and just hanging out. I know we will be out exploring again one day.
Language Arts:
1 package (2 ¼ tsp.) dry yeast
H and I had been settled in Tempe for some time when C came to visit us. She was staying with a group of women in Carifta Cottages - a housing development on the south side of Grand Anse - but the others were due to leave shortly. C asked if we knew of anywhere she could rent. We asked round and found out that the little board house at the entrance to our gap was available.
Taken: 07/17/2010
And the whole bit unfolds in a way that's unique to this crowd, but also relatable enough to play in any room in the country (just need a "top shelf white girl"). Half pre-written, half-impromptu, all awesome.
Let me reassure you—he’s not someone you should know about. I knew him as a member of my church. A resident of the tiny town of Illiopolis, Illinois, and employed as an electrician in Decatur, Illinois, Kapper began in 1995 to make mission trips and to ship large containers of humanitarian aid to Ukraine, India, and Romania. During his short trips abroad, he helped plant several churches and re-visited them, building up the believers and training the leaders. In August 2009 he became an ordained minister and embarked on full-time service by going to Romania for a year.
1. Calif residents, instead of being discouraged (for obvious reasons), are encouraged to build their dream homes at the edge of wildlands, areas prone to wildfire. More than 1 million homes (about 61% of all new housing) built in California, Oregon and Washington between 1990 to 2000 were erected at the edge of fire-prone wildlands, a University of Wisconsin study reported.
“Since when does freedom of speech override the Bible?”
You Fly Like a Woman is a 12,000-word true account of a woman in a man's sky out to prove the equality of the sexes, only to find that "equal" doesn't always have to mean "the same."
Two weeks later she asked for the temporary injunction to be dismissed because he suffered a heart attack and she was concerned for his health.
For society, he says.
It's worse than before I ever got spanked. At least then it was just something I had an interest in; I had never experienced spanking and truly didn't ever expect to get spanked, so going to forums was my outlet. Now that I've walked a short distance into the spanking world and met people and made friends in real life, I know what I'm missing out on. Knowing that I'm not going to be part of that again for a long time can be difficult.
What I do know, is that it was a learning experience for me to realize that just because I had gotten to where I wanted to be, it wasn’t necessarily where I needed to be.
linked your project and not just your blog using the Blue Froggy before 8 pm UK time next Thursday, January 26th!
