hand-outs to exist.
What you are going to learn from this video may not be new, but it is at least another verified investigation into the Communist Party and their effect on American politics. The Obama connection with them is just a bonus. This video is a little over an hour long, but is worth every minute. I would also suggest that people buy this guys book. Have fun learning about real American history…
He told the magazine: 'Yes, there’s litter, smokers, and graffiti. But that’s just life going on. The air sometimes offends, but a cool breeze off the harbour can ease all worries. It’s a gem of a city.'
So, don't forget, five pm EST United States Zone (for my international friends) I will post something cool!
I have been using my own apron daily at school and loving it, though I do get a lot of the "what are in all those pockets?" It has been so nice to have my highlighter (for scaffolding name writing), dry erase markers, bandaids, reading timer, incentive stickers, and post-it notes right on hand when I need them. No more "Now where did I put that???" or crossing the room and wasting valuable time to get things. I feel a wee bit like a waitress, but consider it my "kinder-goddess" uniform.
The last screening of DANGEROUS MINDS for this first half of 2012 will be dedicated to expose and discuss strategies to resist and re-think contemporary society.
“What then?”
- More than a dozen Brooklyn walks are planned for May 5 and 6, as part of a series commemorating urbanist Jane Jacobs -- including one called "Downtown Brooklyn's New Livability." Brooklyn Eagle
The vicar said he’d love to see the patch of land to the north side of the church developed. The north side of the church. Not the south side, where the rest of the community will see what’s going on, and where the sun will shine on tender seedlings and let them grow strong. The north side of the church. The north side, which gets hardly any sun, which last summer was completely overgrown with horsetails, which has mostly rubble rather than topsoil, which will be easy to forget because it’s mostly hidden from view. My heart sank, I’ll admit.
There's no party (August is a bit useless for parties, but we might do something in September) but there is a chance to get your name into my next book (hurry! I'm writing it now!) by entering this competition. Read about what I'd have done if I'd won the lottery when I was 16 (not that there was a lottery in those far-off days) here and about how I created the character of Lia's friend Shazia here.
P.S. If you haven't yet, please check out my other blog Bubble Tea With Misha Lee . And also, thanks to everyone who clicked on the first box I have to the right. Thank you for helping to raise funds for a cause that I really care about. Wishing you guys good karma times 10! Mwah!
by Albert Mohler
Challenge 203 - Pink Valentine
For a user who clicks through and install the Google Chrome browser and Mozilla Firefox, malware by itself will lead to the installation of a Facebook Environment / Facebook.com that appears in the top right tab the user's Facebook page.
“The development and creation of MSIEDC has allowed us to enhance our focus on economic development in Mooresville South Iredell County,” said Harry Davis, chairman of MSIEDC. “This achievement could not happen without the strong public and private support our organization receives.”
So, Dear Food Processor (and your little friend too!), You will be mine. I have big plans for you. You’re going to make me some almond butter. And you’re going to shred some zucchini. And you’re going to do the onion chopping from now on. Oh yes. Rest now, Food Processor. For soon we go into battle.
If this isn’t clear enough for you then I am sincerely worried. And don’t ask me about how old is too much older, I’m still working on a mathematic equation for that.
Slow Cooked
It's not much yet, but stay tuned! HAHA Get it?
Baruch Ha Shem! Blessed be the Name!
And she pulls it off. Wonderfully so, and what I like about this story is how Lily discovers herself at the same time she tries to put on a new face for the world. It's not about the dress, the hair dye or the make-up or the trick she pulls, but this slow realisation that she is really as cool as any of the cool kids in school and that she too can walk with her head high.
03 - Thunder On The Mountain
And I was off to see the games. Just like that. Plus made new friends.
As for a writing time of the day, I like the afternoon the best. I try to run errands and go to the gym in the morning. In fact many times at the gym, when I’m bored on the treadmill, I’ll think about my writing and ideas develop. This is usually about writing I’ve already started.
Do it for owd Grandad Piggott
As much as I hate to admit it, I am a back seat driver. I don’t really like to drive that much, but the thought of not driving and just being a passenger can wear on my nerves! This was quite evident this past winter as I travelled with my husband on a snowy trek to Peterborough. It was one of those days when I should have headed home instead of travelling up for class. Rick thought that it would be better if he drove me and so we headed up the 115 into a white abyss.
Through talking to friends and colleagues whilst at Birmingham I have found out about part-time job opportunities, grad schemes and sources of advice I didn’t even know existed – all of which have helped me gain experience.
One would think that after going through pregnancy, labor, and delivery once that the second time around, I'd be pretty much a pro. Maybe not pro, but I would at least have a better idea of what was going on, right? How different could it be really? I figured after the fiasco with my firstborn, where I entered the hospital with the baby's head already crowning, I'd definitely know the second time around when I was in labor. Oddly enough, its not that obvious, at least not to me. It doesn't happen like in the movies where you're just sleeping and then BAM!...you sit up straight in bed and tell your hubby "The baby is coming!" No. It doesn't quite work like that. Maybe I just have a high tolerance for pain or maybe I'm just too embarrassed that I'll go to the hospital and they'll send me home...but either way, I don't spend much time in the hospital before the baby makes its grand deliverance.
Level 5: 10% chance to deal 110% damage after an attack.
3) Reduce the heat completely and add the dried onions, return the cooked chicken back to the pan and stir in the apples.
Just a dream. Nothing more.
Three Navy veterans in Oregon have received their Quilts of Valor. Two of these men, in their 90's now, have waited a long time for their recognition.
Sometimes I am drawn to different blogs for a variety of reasons. One blog I love is An Explorers View of Life, the blog of Barry Fraser. Barry and I both look at the world from the point of view of an explorer.
We’ll have to watch GTX 670 availability over the next few weeks and see what develops.
About Google advertising: What is the DoubleClick DART cookie? The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on publisher websites displaying AdSense for content ads. When users visit an AdSense publisher’s website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers better serve and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Perhaps by divine intervention, I received a call just days before the event with the best news, that by some miracle I had made it into the earlier seating - I quickly pulled "Foodie Mentor", who I knew would appreciate this level of culinary genius, to go with me. I couldn't believe that I would get to experience Urasawa, Cimarusti and Manzke in the same meal (along with David Myers of Comme Ca and Sona, and Ramon Perez from Sona, and Noriyuki Sugie from Breadbar) - all for a price I can actually afford - $110 (+$30 for wine pairings)!
I was into box breaks for a while, but I had one where my luck was really poor and that kind of soured me on box breaks for the foreseeable future (it was no fault of the blogger, that's just the way the balls roll sometimes...).
Place the almonds on a cookie sheet and put in a cold oven and bake at 350 degrees for 12-15 minutes until the inside of nuts are tan. Remove and set aside.
I shrugged.
Another scary article, this time from NBC news, on the likelihood that Israel will attack Iran this year - it even goes into the details of which missiles Israel would use to attack Iranian nuclear sites.
MGP is buying the distillery and related assets but not the nearby bottling plant, which is being sold separately. According to MGP, that deal is imminent and the distillery sale is conditional on its completion.
I have a non-Christmas-y project to share with you today.
But when I started thinking of what I’d want from a future publishing and peer review model in general, and what would make such a model women-friendly, I came up with pretty much the same principles from both angles: fairness, professionalism, adherence to merit-based procedures, having error-correcting mechanisms built into the system. These are all good for women, but they’re also good for mathematics. The list below isn’t meant to be complete; feel free to add more in comments.
It’s different because it’s told from the perspective of the client and aims to shed a little light on why those in the public sector are so seemingly opposed to engaging with their audiences.
X-transposed class. Some time since human-chimp divergence in the last six million years, a 3.4Mb X-to-Y transposition occurred in the human lineage. Since the event, an inversion has split the region into two. This region is functionally inert aside from housing the two genes that traveled from the X chromosome. Although it still has a high sequence similarity to its origin, Xq21, the region does not participate in recombination (Skaletsky et al., 2003).
Tested the echo, a full bellied yell.
Roger Carey, who represented Lis for many years, said, "She was not just a client, but a dear friend. She was so positive about life and her natural energy was intoxicating. She couldn't believe her luck when her career was resurrected in her own series."
I'll share part of the course lecture. This begins a discussion on techniques for getting to know your character:
Finally there is a elderly Greek, who feels that Instanbul is passing him by. He has dark secrets from a past when Greeks were persecuted in Turkey.
In an era when large media corporations like Community Newspaper Holdings, Inc. (the Tribune's owner) are demanding that staff take unpaid furlough days to cut costs, citizen-driven reporting is becoming more important, not less so. Curtailing access for those inclined to provide it would be a clear sign that the school corporation doesn't want coverage, which is precisely the attitude that justifies more of it.
Operations Section
1.
Man, the look on her face when they called her forward was heartbreaking, and when they gave her the verdict, I started crying with her. She may not have stood out as much as the other chefs throughout the competition (mostly because she wasn’t involved in all the drama and ego), and between the three in the challenge, she was the weakest, but she was still very good.
We sure do love our teachers over here! Being a teacher myself, I make an even bigger point to ensure we give a little something to my boys’ teachers on this special week! My elementary son’s school actually celebrated TAW a couple weeks ago. They do something cool at their school where they have the kids bring a flower and another item that week, but most of the appreciation is in the form of parent volunteers – covering all the teacher’s duty that week and bringing food for lunch each day and other room celebrations that week. It’s nice to have things so organized and planned out for us that way – and it’s helpful to the teachers!!
I told her that the young lady offered to scan them 1 at a time because it would be cheaper, and I said that would be great. Marlene's face was turning red, and I felt like I was being disciplined for cheating on a test or something.
I don’t know, maybe I’m just deluding myself .There’s a lyric from an old song where
Comeback: Chris Brown returned to the Grammys after he was arrested for assaulting then-girlfriend Rihanna in 2009
7The children of Merari by their families were given twelve towns from the tribes of Reuben and Gad and Zebulun.
Sorry Jason, would send another story..
Given the manifest problems with current testing (states cheat to get around No Child Left Behind, schools cheat to avoid being closed down, not all subjects are tested, etc.), education “reformers” have hung their hat on value-added testing to restore their preferred model of “accountability.” The L.A Times (in)famously ran a searchable database of value-added scores in the LA Unified School District to “shame” administrators and teachers unions. The problem is that even value-added tests don’t work and provide wildly inconsistent results. As a study by the EPI found, “across five large urban districts, among teachers who were ranked in the top 20% of effectiveness in the first year, fewer than a third were in that top group the next year, and another third moved all the way down to the bottom 40%.”
More students means more feedback and many more emails, as one might expect.
Want to call you, see you
Is there something I should do differently? Is there an angle I haven’t examined? Is there a different belief that’s squashing the one I want to embrace? Am I thinking, for instance “Love is hard, it’s really rare, and it takes a lot of work to maintain” … when I truly believe the opposite?
4. Don’t hang artwork in direct sunlight unless you know it's lightfast.
08. Long Tall Sally
When the editorial staff at Stampington heard about the collaboration, they expressed an interest in doing an article about our project…..however, when one of the journals was sent to their offices for a preliminary look-see, they immediately asked if we would be agreeable to a book about “True Colors”. It was our great fortune to work with Kathy Bold, and she did a spectacular job of editing all of our lengthy stories about our experiences, and formulating it into an interesting text to accompany Stampington’s beautiful photography. I thought the art direction, page design, and styling of the photography was excellent. Best of all, I so appreciated that Stampington never considered turning the project into a “technique” book; and their focus was always on the art and the relationships between the artists.
Ok got to run! Stay awesome!!!!
Hundreds of hateful comments had to be deleted from the official Miss World Fiji Facebook page.
Bitch nodded, letting Angelica off the chain, pointing at the door. Of the four dogs she had with her, only Angelica was still under the influence of her power, standing three times her usual size. Despite the invigorating effects of Bitch’s attentions, the dog moved slowly as she loped into the apartment. It was painful to look at her – she was moving as though she were ten years older than she was.
So as they shun idealism and progress with their hoofs firmly on the ground, they free up a few moments to really enjoy things, to really have a look at the world. Instead of mindlessly chomping on whatever their ancestors chomped on, they will try a discarded fan belt. And the calories and minerals from the fan belt allows them enough free time later in the day to lock horns with their friends, or climb a tree or just have a lie down in the shade.
When I hop on the eliptical at home, I usually watch TV. I've got a TV opposite the eliptical so I can watch a show while I work out. But because I've got the shortest attention span imaginable, it helps me to watch a show without commercials. Which is why I've got a DVD player there, too. And this also helps explain why you're getting bombarded with West Wing quotes. It's a good show for me to watch while elipticalling. No, it's not a word. But it should be.
I know a lot of you A-Zers are probably feeling that way too, lol. What a rush that was; I’m exhausted from watching ya’ll keep up. I took a blogger break – rarely posted (even that was more than I anticipated) and visited just a few blogs. I’ve seen this apology on a lot of blogs I’ve visited, but I’m sorry I only chose a
05. Take Me To The Top
Today's guest was a tomboy/animal lover/aspiring actress who staged lip-synched productions of her favorite musicals since she couldn’t sing. Eve Marie Mont's love for athletics and animals remained, but the acting bug was soon replaced by the writing bug. In fourth grade, she wrote her first chapter book entitled, The Only Tomboy in My Class, and she was hooked. Now Eve teaches high school English and Creative Writing in the Philadelphia suburbs and sponsors her school’s literary magazine. When not grading papers or writing, she can be found watching the Phillies with her husband, playing with her shelter pup, or daydreaming about her next story. Visit her at any of the links at the bottom of her guest post. Stop by and say hello!
“Cluck cluck cluck”
My feelings: it's fine. I've been using it since December, and I like it better. It's not pretty, but what is online anymore? I've been reading a lot of posts today about how ugly it is and how everyone is incensed that Google would change it and how no one will use it anymore because it's different now and all of the same shit everyone said the last time the Blogger interface changed. Remember how much everyone hated that and how angry everyone was? And now they're all wistful because Google took that thing they hated away and replaced it with something different, and everyone just keeps using Blogger anyway because, seriously, this is not the kind of thing that people stop using a free service over.
I lie in bed in the morning still warm under the covers, my small pug Sampson at my back, snuggled into me, his little head on the far side of my pillow, I am filled with so much love I think my heart will burst. In the next moment there is a sound like a baby crying. It is wee little Harvey, my other little boy, breaking the silence. It is 7:06 on the dot as it is so many mornings in a row I am awestruck at his sense of time, his breakfast is not yet in his bowl, he wants his mama up and out of bed. 7:07 I throw my ankle length seersucker dress over my head and follow Harvey down the hall, smiling at his crooked little self. My daughter says he looks like a Dr. Seuss pug. She is right. He wouldn't win a ribbon in a dog show for perfect confirmation but it makes him all the more adorable. He dances and prances and turns in circles while I pick up his bowl for his breakfast. The other nine animals are not yet stirring, it is a delightful moment watching Harvey snuffle into his bowl and eat noisily.
Hope you find these helpful little tips to be useful and have a great rest of today, now that you’re safe from nothing.
...and now to pass the tag on. I’d like to tag a newbie blogger, Alex Gutteridge. Alex at Alex Gutteridge Writes is a children’s writer, like myself. We have a lot in common but I’ll leave it to her to tell you more about herself because, Alex, your tag request is to write 7 interesting facts about you that we don’t already know.
I have to say though, I love that Restaurant Week has become something that people enjoy and use as a gateway to trying different restaurants and cuisines that they wouldn’t have otherwise. Absolutely check out anything you can, but if you’re in Chicago, Green Zebra and Spiaggia are now “must do’s” on my list. A friend of mine, David, checked out The Girl and the Goat… can’t wait to see those photos!
It is amazing to find out that the concept of an engine was invented long time ago, but at a much smaller scale and a more efficient performance. Also, the concept of generating energy from proton gradient is very similar to generating energy from waterfalls. It looks like we humans don’t invent, we discover what was invented before us, designed and built in our bodies by a much greater and wiser Mind.
Jason’s vampire blood-fueled emotions
"In the teevee, in the computer."
I saw my vet today, and he upped my insulin to 5 units twice a day. I figured that would happen.
According the the Rambam, it seems as though there is a “virtue” that man shares with his/her Creator. The Rambam further explains:
I have to start with Emma Stone, not just because she looks fantastic, but because I want to be her best friend. (Which isn't to say that I'm over my imaginary BFF status with Kate Middleton! I can swing both.) Her dress looked more red on camera, but I'm glad to see it's actually a dark fuchsia. It really suits her.
(NOTE TO SELF: Upon spotting a celebrity, don’t try and take a candid cell phone picture. It’s more obvious than just asking to take a picture with him or her.)
I've also been busy stalking partners in two swaps, Mouthy Stitches and the Name Game. That has been taking up a lot of my time this week.
And you took a picture of it.
card is 5x5
scrawled lottsa mad writings on the wall
Rating: 9.0
A few supporters were also seen burning Malay dailies after the speeches ended.
A Happy New Year to all. How's your new year so far??
The next two tracks give us two female vocal artists, Veronique Chevalier’s “The Dance Master” and The Clockwork Dolls’ “The Ballad of Black Jack Jezebel” were excellent additions to round out the midway point on this twenty track trip. Turning the ship back home, the somber sounds of the Blackbird Orchestra’s “Hollowland,” broken up briefly by the American debut of the famed U.K. steampunk band The Men That Will Not Be Blamed For Nothing’s “Charlie” (another favorite of mine, and am happy to see on this compilation), and then returning to the dark sounds of Black Tape For A Blue Girl’s “Rotten Zurich Cafe.” Nicki Jane’s vocals make it a song that really resonates for those who love the dark cabaret sounds Projekt Records are so famed for.
Burgers - rank but still alive
As parents, a lot of us want our kids to win at all costs. We want to relive our glory days (or lack thereof) through our children. That’s why this country is filled with crazy little league parents (I used to be one of the crazy little league parents). My son’s little league coach actually got into a physical fight with an umpire (during the game) a few years ago. But to me, that’s not what sports are all about. At this point in my life, I’ve decided playing sports is not about winning championships. With the exception of a VERY few exceptional athletes who go on to play collegiate or professional sports, most athletes will play sports only through high school. For the majority of athletes, sports are meant to teach us how to be better adults. They teach us how to take orders from an authority figure like a boss. Playing sports also teaches us how to work together as part of a team with people that we may not normally want to work with. Finally, after this last weekend, I learned that playing sports also helps us learn how to deal with winning, and losing, in a better way. This weekend was full of disspointing March Madness losses in my home. But it’s okay because I know that athletics are going to strengthen their character and prepare them for adulthood.
21. Jonghyun: “… a long way to go Jonginnie ..” Key: “to our toddler Jongin, work hard!” Minho: “… our Jonginnie cute toddler.”
Here is a quick, clean and simple card for you using DSP and the Blossom punch. I do not know about you but the Mixed Bunch set and the Blossom punch are the perfect combo that a demonstrator could ask for. I'm sure stampers like me will agree just the same. Hope you like it.
1314 D-IV/24/1999. “The Ambiguities of Jean-Jacques Roussseau’s Second Discourse.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
In 2005 it’s a dark and stormy night (really) when Banks and Cabot are called out to investigate the murder of a young music journalist who has come to the Eastvale area in pursuit of a major magazine story on the Mad Hatters, who survived the drug addled withdrawal of their keyboard player and the drowning death of their bassist to become a really famous group over the next 15 years or so.
03. Dogs Will Be Dogs!
Peggy’s temporary addition to our family was an enormous benefit to us, partly because of the contrast she was to our recent experiences. My father was a moody and frequently violent alcoholic. I’ll skip the stories about that here, except for noting that there was a lot of tension at home until he left, because we never knew when he might lose his temper or what he might do to my mom or to any of us.
RANDFONTEIN: Three school boys (16, 17 and 17) arrested for “race crime” and murder after attack on Modise (59).
Seeing in black universe reveals the cosmo-deictic dimension of vision, the fact that vision, far from being captured by the putative idiotic passivity of seeing—‘I am just looking’—is in every moment an unimaginably projective and fundamentally impossible event of photography realized upon the infinite negative of individuated existence. Black, the color that is not one, exposes this fact—a blinding flash of the Real—according to the same logic outlined in
EDIT: Its been brought to my attention that I didn’t mention my substitute for the vegetable shortenings and oils in this recipe. The edits have been made above !10/22/11
Can I get a witness??
Don’t leave the door open too long when taking food out. The longer the door is open, the more cold air escapes, and the more energy is needed to restore the temperature again.
for all eternity waiting,
This is Ross Creek at Goomboorian..
Now hop to the Serendipity Stamps Design Team for more inspiration!! *Ü*
I know that graphic is a little confusing, a little hard to read, so I'll make make it simple: The next graphic shows the nations that are more unequal than US, that have a worse, a less fair, distribution of income than the US, in red. Those nations that are less unequal, that have a more equal, a fairer, distribution of income than the US are in blue. Here it is:
In the meantime, while life may change, several aspects on mankind remain the same. Wars, prejudices, attitudes, weakness and in general social, personal and any other sort of human problems persist. And most probably that’s because we, as groups, societies, or as a whole, we don’t want to change! Many of us live lives ‘flying low’, convinced of our limitations and driven by our fears and weaknesses and most of all… we are ok with this! If there was a referendum, people would probably say no to airplanes, among several other things, like heart transplantation operations, submarines, lasers, etc. But, hopefully it doesn’t work that way and innovation springs from the minds and gets established through practice and following our needs.
revenue generation
Deputy Inspector Anthony Tasso, 88th Precinct
Working in a small town nursing home, eventually you're going to see someone you know laying in a bed........
In another epiphany
Given my propensity to ignore, lambaste and generally ignore all the hype over designer collaboration on any level, I've officially shocked myself. Of course it is true than when I heard about the Marni collaboration I was dancing in the streets. My love of Marni knows no bounds. But equally I'm not surprised that I've fallen for another Italian label's offering at H&M because I freely admit to being a faux/wannabe Italian and when I was teaching yesterday a student asked me would I choose Paris or Milan to go and see the shows. My answer was despite the fact Valentino shows in Paris it would be Milan.
because I don’t like to ask
'Sexual positions, caressing techniques, anatomical features. And we teach people hands on.'
Friday noon
So I'll see everyone here tomorrow, until then have fun!
2 tsp. baking powder
I am conflicted though because I can’t help but think: wouldn’t it be so much easier if he weren’t Norwegian? It seems that we cope with the idea of fundamentalism much more readily if the accused or the assailant is from ‘somewhere else’ other than home. The fact that Breivik is Norwegian: that he is ’one of us’ rather than ‘one of them’ is problematic. How can a society that embraces, encourages and prides itself on being one of Europe’s most liberal nations fathom the extremism and consequences of his views.
“Small family-based livestock producers will find it increasingly difficult to stay in the market, unless effective organizational arrangements, such as contract farming or cooperatives, can be designed and used… the loss of competitiveness requires policy interventions, not necessarily to maintain smallholder involvement in agriculture, but to provide opportunities for finding livelihoods outside the agricultural sector and to enable an orderly transition.”
Two of my BF’s friends look at him with question and concern. They stare at me intently while he dryly says, “my girlfriend, her parents are engineers but she’s journalism”, and they turn away.
*optional – dash of preferred hot sauce
FAVOURITE FOOD: Char kuey teow with duck egg and loh mee with vinegar
Mostly, I hope that it's for His Glory!
PUMPKIN DELIGHT
like capitalist, like communist
We’re new to the city, how has Denver influenced this book?
1-5 Cosmic Slop
So simple! So good!!!!
In "A Mile in His Shoes", it is deeply moving to watch this young man develop and transform from being shy and alone, with mostly only his parents and his pig, for company... to believing in himself, having friends on the team, developing a stronger sense of courage, as well as keeping his faith in the Lord, and becoming a great baseball player, and in the end... making his parents extremely proud.
If there is no standard for a particular material, we develop our own, to provide this to the clients, so that they can get an idea of the durability and performance.
We must be willing to give ourselves to God. He is our inspiration. He gives us strength to overcome these random moments of mixed emotions. If you find yourself feeling like this, don’t use shopping or your hobbies to fix the problem. These moments of depressed hardships tend to influence us into not turning to Him and leaving Him behind. We think, “oh I’m too tired or too exhausted” is a good enough excuse to shy away.
Stir agar agar, cream, and sugar in medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Temper warm cream mixture into the egg whites and then add the mixture back to the saucepan over medium low heat. Whisk until mixture thickens, about 12 minutes (do not boil). Strain into clean bowl. Cover and chill until cold. This can be made ahead and chilled overnight. When the cream has set, transfer it to a stand mixer and whip to stiff peaks. Place cream in a piping bag fitted with a large star tip and set aside.
(too vanilla. add sprinkles)
This “park” is not a park, it is “only” the mountain which is the borderline of Bogota. These mountains actually constrain that Bogota would grew more to this side. Anyway we went to a small door and we found ourselve in another world. We started to walk up the mountains, which actually was a really good workout and up the mountains we obtained a great view of the city and of course we gained a lot of fresh air.
My absolute favourite feature of this venue is the maze. The maze is 80 metres in diameter and is made up of 2154 trees, herbs and shrubs! This serves as a most incredible and unique setting for a wedding ceremony. The guests can all be seated in the centre of the maze and the bride can make her way down the pathways with her dad in hand.
Bit of a stressful day today so might not get round to looking until tomorrow xxxxx
There's no denying that this is just a bargain basement version of Children of the Corn, but that doesn't mean it can't be enjoyed on some level for its own merits. The children here on occasion share the lumbering gait of zombies, and their creepy chanting is constantly heard on the soundtrack. When they're not creeping around the barrens, they're spouting ancient poetry like it was the gospel and preparing for their uprising. There's also an undeniable air of sleaze and trashiness that major studio fare just can't produce. And who can pass up so much violence performed by...and aimed at...children!? The final showdown is an insane and bloody massacre that you absolutely must see, even if you commit that cardinal sin of fast forwarding through the rest of the film.
I would try again to clarify.
A few recovered shows and fragments have come from Guys 'n' Dolls members, but apparently not on this occasion. Maybe they preferred the scaffolding staging of Supersonic.
2 Tbls. olive oil
Still blazing his own path, the indomitable Jon Hewitt (Redball, Acolytes) returns to the big screen with his latest feature X, a gritty erotic thriller set amidst Sydney’s seedy King’s Cross district, where two women plying the world’s oldest trade experience an ugly night that will change their lives forever. After screening at the Melbourne International Film Festival and the Melbourne and Sydney Underground fests, as well as gaining a theatrical, VOD and DVD release in North America via IFC Films, X finally makes its European debut with a Raindance screening on October 6.
Let me know what you think.
The only problem is that the whole office upstairs is all wood floors and anyone wearing shoes other than sneakers gets really noisy. You can hear everyone coming for miles. I wore my cowboy boots today and I sure clunked around authoritatively. Course, this also means I hear if anyone comes to my office and so can wake up from my nap if need be. (Kidding! I kid. I actually really like my job and the people I work with. It's very much a place where you are left to your own responsibility and no one watches over your shoulder, which I personally can't stand. As long as you get your stuff done, they don't care when or how you do it. Rock on!))
Through thick and thin.
The majority of our presents have been furniture or electronics. One of these were a little more beneficial then either of us could have ever imagined.
Though she may forget,
So why worry, why fret, pet.
The blog posting is intended for His Excellency, Honorable President Obama which I believe will be very much helpful to the ensuing Presidential Election 2012.
Working Sige (seej): The Gnostic goddess Sige is considered to be the great silence or void from which all creation sprang. Sige reminds us that words crate duality, and that in silence, we find our true origin and self. Quiet is omnipresent power that gives birth to wisdom, just as the Gnostics hold that Sige is the mother of Sophia, the goddess of wisdom. Sige teaches that our roots are in the silent void of the universe, and that it’s important for us to reconnect with silence regularly.
Date: May 1 2012
That little fact isn't going to stop me trying though.
HONOLULU – The state of Hawai’i announced plans Wednesday to lay off 2,000 running backs over the next four years as part of a larger push to increase third down efficiency and reduce roster waste. Officials also discussed the state’s new wide receiver plant which is scheduled to open in China’s Zhejiang province in the first quarter of 2010.
Which brings us to the Kindle, and the whole family of electronic media delivery gadgets. The Kindle is a gadget which signifies an antidote to obnoxious marketing, like mp3 players for music once did, and tablet computers for movies on the go. These devices make it possible to acquire and enjoy music, film, or text, directly from the creator, with zero cost for reproduction and no sacrifice in quality (compared to media distributed through traditional pre-digital means). For an author to be globally accessible, they don’t need a book deal, they just have to place themselves in the online marketplace, and promote themselves earnestly. If a musician wants to be globally accessible, they do not need a record deal, they just need to place themselves in the online marketplace, and promote themselves earnestly. The considerable pre-digital machinery that used to be utterly necessary for analogue distribution is becoming marginalized. Print shops and record presses are no longer necessary to distribute books and music. Print books and physical music recordings are transitioning into niche media formats, forgoing their dominance to digital formats.
And here’s an interesting bit of giraffe information gleaned on our early morning bush drive – and it’s not a tall story! Giraffes always have to be upwind from the acacia trees on which they are grazing. Evidently, as soon as the giraffe begins to feed on a particular acacia tree, the tree starts to pump alkaloids into its leaves - which taste nasty and are poisonous to the giraffe. In addition, the tree releases a chemical “signal” into the air, which tells all the other acacia trees downwind that it is “injured” and all those trees then start to pump alkaloids into their leaves to deter “attack”. So giraffes have learned to graze upwind of the trees and to graze against the wind. Who’d have thought getting a bit of leafy dinner could be so fraught!
Sprinkle the paprika on the cooking vegetables and keep stirring.
I used Flourishes "Classic Ivory" CS for my image that I stamped the Clover image in VersaMagic "Tea Leaves" then the blessing sentiment in Anna Griffin "Green" ink. I cut them out with Spellbinders Labels #18 and Labels #21. The bottom border was punched from a Martha Stewart punch. The pins are from Maya Road, the lace is from my LSS, and the rolled roses are created from MFT Rolled Rose Die.
Why not? We’ve gayed up the military services with the repeal of don’t ask don’t tell, thereby making male-on-male sodomy within the ranks permissible, even fashionable. Why not feminize the Corps? It’s the 21st Century. It’s a Whole New World. From the Times:
NPEs represent a business model based on a particular litigation strategy. Are they a nasty side effect of the litigation system or merely another means to keep the system in check?".
Overall I think this is a great product for expecting mom's. The options are endless and I'm so excited to see how this will benefit my son.
Are you creating a "theme" for this new year?
7. Simmer to reduce and ur dinners raring to go on a quick salad by the side...
So there I was with the mud on the board and the dowels ready to hold up the great spires of flames that would rise from the fine crafted logs. A friend came by and asked, “What are you making?”
He denied that Zulu people ever lived or owned any of the properties in Winterskloof.
The Lady of Shalott.
Then we have the argument that all the people on the shortlist for the Orange women’s literary prize, were women. Eh? I was more bothered that not one of them were orange! Cynthia Ozick is pale blue for fucks sake. Now Jordan, aka Katie Price – she’s orange. I’ve not read her book, because I’m not a cunt, and I imagine that it reads a bit like what terminal cancer feels like, but at least she is orange.
I've hit all the "stages" of grief. In weeks following the earthquake denial often crept in unexpectedly as I found myself planning to return to a house that no longer stands, looking for something I can't retrieve--a shirt, a book, a photo-- or making plans to get back to work in a clinic that lies buried. Over the last month I've waffled between guilt, anger and depression. There have been moments where I question whether I'll find purpose, contentment or hope again. (Then a little face will cuddle into my neck, little fingers wrapping around my shoulder and I'm back) Guilt has a habit of contaminating moments of pleasure, a trip to the grocery store, a nice dinner out, feeling safe tucking into a bed under a roof. Guilt over our evacuation, our freedom of movement, our allotted "time to heal" and the luxury of our life of privilege when friends in Haiti live through a very different reality. Anger has been the hardest to tackle as it rides below the surface, causing overreaction, snappy tempers, impatience and frustration. Internally I fury over the seeming loss of control over our lives, at being forced from a way of life, jobs and plans made. I rage over upheaval, illness, the senseless loss suffered, helplessness, injustice. With time, though, I'm moving closer to acceptance.
Jacket: Amsterdam Boutique in NYC
So, the movers arrived this afternoon to wrap up and move out everything, leaving us in an empty apartment for the next five weeks.
There has been much local speculation about the political future of Miss Colgate in recent times. Earlier this year she stepped down from her position as British National Party staff manager, saying she wanted to concentrate fully on fighting the Thurrock Parliamentary seat for the party in the General Election.
And still I can’t let you be
Breivik is being used to silence all dissent. He is a gift for the kommissars of political correctness. Everyone who utters support for the natural society of free and self-contained ethnically and culturally homogeneous countries, can now be labelled as a Breivik. Those who do not relish the coming Global Police State are called Fascists. And of course, the common denominator is that these people are dangerous, are terrorists, and that their utterances pollute those who hear them, and for this reason, they must be silenced by all means necessary.
Our apartment is a one-bedroom apartment with no sofabed, so it's lucky for us that our complex here has 2 guest bedrooms available directly across our courtyard.
Way back before children, Bry and I imagined the life we'd live. We wished for beautiful children playing soccer in the backyard of our nice house with a decent size kitchen and yard with the medium sized mutt of a dog we'd rescue from the SPCA frolicking at our ankles while the suv was parked in the driveway. So far, we've got the kids (one of whom is obsessed with soccer), the nice (okay, potentially nice) house, the dog is on hold until all kids are out of diapers, and we had the Ford Escape in our driveway.
No wonder I keep going back to the great jazz masters of yesteryears instead of wasting too much time and energy on current age artists that lack the basic skill of appealing to a jazz lover.
10. Benny Carter & His Orchestra - Rock Bottom
We can imagine the artist chuckling over this remark. As a boy he had been set for a career in the Royal Navy, but failed to pass the necessary entrance exams. There were plans to make him an architect, or set him to work in a bank, but the same weakness held him back:
Happy Columbus Day to everyone, and especially to those of you lucky enough to get the day off. And to the Canadians: Happy Thanksgiving!
The head of the Federal Migration Service, Konstantin Romadanovsky, called the comments "unacceptable" and confirmed they had cost the spokesman his job, the state-run Itar-tass news agency reported.
This is a great cake to keep in the repertory. I think it would also be good with brown sugar or caramel frosting. I'd love to use some oat flour and/or a rough whole wheat to see how this cake would be with a rustic texture.
What is a human being that you think about him?
It has become clear and undeniable that the police force was on a ruthless rampage to beat people up.
As we turned away from the window, gathered our belongings and walked to the lobby, I thought about my buddy Al's Respect the Truck/Dummy Passing method. I told him that this tactic will not please the drivers of the cars lined up and waiting in the left lane. He was not concerned.
Dear Jeff,
He is strangely calm. His gaze slightly unfocused, body released of tension. Is he asleep? Standing like that?
What a cool story! Do you write in a particular genre or do you write across several? Can you tell us about your backlist?
Plus a few specific pieces to consider...
German philosopher and writer
Good morning! Hope alls well, its been a busy week for me but manageable. Does anyone wake up feeling like you need more than 24 hours to a day? I swear most days lately I feel this way.....I have had those kinds of days where it seems every minute of every hour is virtually accounted for and I am craving desperately a few days to do absolutely nothing! So I actually am listening to my own body and mind and am going to be away for a few days, taking a little break and getting away for some much needed R and R...so this post will have to suffice until Monday. I will wish you all now the happiest Mothers day possible....may it be one filled with much love, happiness, peace and above all relaxation! Would love to know what everyones up to for your special day!
4. Frankie
They opened with an insipid cover version of the Rolling Stones’ Honky Tonk Women and it went downhill from there. They played Tobacco Road at the end and they played one other hit of theirs which the audience did not seem to recognise and which they did not play very well because its driving force had originally been their exceptionally good pianist; the new guy was playing the notes, but there was no passion there. At the end, I just left and never rang them again.
If you were wondering what I was doing all this time the answer is gaming. I played quite a lot of League of Legends and Starcraft 2 since last spring.
But she was already working for him heading up what she called “The Vulcans”… that was Bush’s foreign policy advisory team which consisted of many war-mongering neoconservatives.
“Like other submarkets around Atlanta, retail centers in places that are not well-located continue to have difficulty filling vacancies, a sign of the continuing challenges in the economy,” Brown says. “Carrollton Crossroads is definitely a standout in the Carrollton market, as are several other value retail centers. This niche has proven to be a big winner in Carollton.”
Jawaher is a new initiative from SWAROVSKI ELEMENTS, which celebrates the elegance and glamour of Arabian women today. I was invited by Jawaher to preview the newly launched collection and to see for myself the fusion of Swarovski crystals when coupled with Middle Eastern Attire.
Because despite all its faults and foibles, the Squires Wine Bulletin Board was one of the most knowledgeable places to learn about wine on the Internet. If you have any passing interest in the grape or how wines are made, this was the place to visit for information. And I'm not even referring to participation from Parker or other critics, which, frankly was minimal and contentious, to put it mildly. No, the regular people, people like you and me, were what really made that board special. Many had moved on, but their posts and tasting notes remained, like vestiges of an ancient civilization with lessons to teach future generations.
The Chinese used the magnetic compass as early as the 1st century. It is not found in European records until 1190. In 1422, seventy years before Columbus’s three small ships crossed the Atlantic, the Chinese reached the east coast of Africa. They came in a great fleet of 65 ocean going ships filled with 27,000 soldiers and their horses, and a year’s supply of grain, meat, and wine. With their gunpowder weapons, navigation, accurate maps and magnetic compasses, the Chinese could easily have gone around the tip of Africa and “discovered” Europe!
-Coat the bottom of a large pan with olive oil and put over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 3-4 minutes.
I now prepare to gather all of My children as I take them away from the terrible abyss of suffering they have had to endure in the wilderness.
So we cheat the waking, working hours.
The greater the joy in my heart becomes.
I am really blessed to be working with both of these wonderful companies that make such fantastic products!
Class & Tasting: Members: $25, Non-members: $30
Stick the butterfly down using the suction cup and let the fun begin!
Look at all these snowflakes
Cold as September’s frost at dawn,
Grandma’s hands
Mamamamamam (mom)
At least that’s the theory.
Le Clown is not a huge fan of annoyances, nor is he a fan of small things… Le Clown likes it big: bigger is better, I don’t care what you all say. Introducing the Bigger and Better Dick in a Box! You can’t use the badge on other bloggers’ posts? Who gives a rat’s ass! There’s only one place to be, and it’s on Le Clown on Fire. Le Clown is world famous, President of the Wold famous that is… And Le Clown needs a personal assistant, as he doesn’t have enough time – nor hands – to answer the blogosphere’s demand for his magnificence. Le Clown doesn’t want to become a divorce statistic… He should cater to his wife’s and kids’ needs on a daily basis… At least 10 minutes per day.
10 Come Together
When a concert is in the works, everything else falls by the wayside. Friends know to not even ask me to do anything with them until after the performance. People tread very lightly around me. They know their request for information or even a friendly comment will more than likely be answered with something like, "The harp's not staying in tune and the D string is buzzing and it's driving me craaaaaazy...huh?" Or, "Should I program the first set with air, reel, jig or reel, air, jig or should I leave the jig to the second set...I'm sorry, did you say something?"
A spokeswoman for the pageant insisted that the harsh criticism would not affect the decision, which would stand.
P.S. The wonk-ified chair is the back to my ikat upholstered french chairs! I'm totally gonna do it, you guys. I have 3 of 4 chairs in various states of non-matching-ness, so I really ought to quit typing and start upholstering.
Fold the whip cream into the cranberry mixture.
But many environmentalists and geologists contend that roads and buildings just do not belong on the unstable, migrating islands. At a minimum, some critics say, the Government should discourage further development on barrier islands by refusing to subsidize such projects as roads and waste treatment plants, or property insurance for owners. Seawalls Saving Buildings, Losing the Beach Although geologists say that nothing can stop the sea’s inexorable march inland, few barrier beach communities are prepared to let themselves fall into the ocean block by block. Often, they try to halt erosion with bulkheads or rocky seawalls that protect the structures behind them.
And here is her message...
5. I wrote thank you notes until my hand cramped up and then I put on all the stamps upside down
And rare Indian perfumed unguents’ open-stoppered spills
There are tons of whole grain pancake recipes floating around, but I could never really find one that was good enough to be a "go-to" recipe that I absolutely loved. So I created my own "real food" recipe, and they were so delicious that I had to write it down to become my go-to recipe for pancakes.
A chill shot through Rel, and a pang of nausea followed it. "I can't See Clearly in a Sherim!"
But....
OMG hat for Mihile, what do you know. +10 All Stats, +100 MaxHP/Max MP, +100 Weapon/Magic DEF, 10 slots, with a +5 on all stats, +5 ATT, and +100 Accuracy bonus for 3rd/4th job Mihiles. This means that Mihile is coming this Thursday!
Gardening. I have a large cottage style garden, complete with greenhouse. I also have a vegetable garden. My grandmother got me into it, and I have never not had a garden in some form, even when I lived in a small apartment in the city.
The first time I ever made caramel was for the nectarine upside down cake, which I did with no assistance from any glucose or corn syrup – which inhibits sugar crystals for forming, kind of an insurance policy for making caramel, so I figured I could do it again. It just takes careful diligence, not taking your eye off the sugar for even an instant, constantly swirling the pan until the caramel develops itself. Instilled with some renewed faith in my baking abilities after the bad run with ganache the night before, I set Mei up to play with some toys for twenty minutes while I gave the swirling pan of sugar in front of me my undivided attention and Patella a treat to keep her busy for a bit and set down to work.
3. Ben - Crispin Glover
First, the decision on the Bin Laden raid was made by the American Armed Forces, not by Barack Obama, as a newly released memo reveals.
According to Vertex: "In recombinant cells VX-770 increased CFTR channel open probability (P(o)) in both the F508del processing mutation and the G551D gating mutation."
Saint Paul, Minnesota
Speaking of dizzying heights, the most prominent feature of the station is the tower which acts both as a facility for training exercises and as the brigade’s “tour de séchage”: this is where the firefighters’ hosepipes are hung to dry, hence the air-holes at the very top of the tower! The funnels are reminiscent of those you might see on a ship. Indeed, a strong maritime theme runs throughout the whole structure: the northern façade is dotted with porthole-style openings and, with a little imagination, it is easy enough to blur the lines between the structure and the neighbouring Garonne, and picture the fire station as a boat floating on the river!
He sat up and pulled her close to him, embracing her. She smiled at the prospect, but he could still sense the reservation she held within as he held her close, but not tightly.
Of the few pages that remain in my personal Rulebook of Love – among them ‘Thou Shalt Not Date Someone Who Wears Crocs’ and ‘Thou Shalt Not Date A Person Who Abuses You’ – there is the ‘Don’t ever, ever, ever, EVER give in to ex sex. Ever.’ Golden Rule rule.
Hey Guys.
This set is the product of Lee Konitz' decision to record his quartet during the second half of a two-week stint in 1961 at the Midway Lounge in Pittsburgh. Bassist Peter Ind served as recording engineer, which essentially involved his pressing the record button on the tape machine in the dressing room and then running to join the others on stage. The result of this low-tech production is a fine document of Konitz playing live in a fairly straight-ahead setting. The sound is good and places the leader's alto sax at the forefront, as he floats his sinewy, pleasantly acerbic sound over the attentive work of the rhythm section. Konitz edited the tapes to preserve the best of the group's work, and to exclude technical glitches. For this reason, some of the tracks are not complete performances: two have fadeout endings, and one ends somewhat abruptly. To Konitz' credit, though, the edits do not jar, the fades are smooth, and the set remains a cohesive representation of this group at work. Ind, drummer Dick Scott, and guitarist Billy Bauer provide resourceful, responsive support. While Bauer's inventive rhythm work is its customarily attractive contribution, it would have been nice to have had more of his solo work included here. Even on a duet with Konitz on "You Go to My Head," Bauer's role is strictly accompaniment. That said, he's brilliant in the supporting role and the track is a highlight. Trumpeter Don Ferrara plays on two tracks, but he is not critical to the main event of Konitz captured live with a knowing, simpatico rhythm team.
309 **17. "Lasting contribution of Robert M. Hutchins, esteemed educator." University of Chicago Maroon, October 12, 1999, p. 15. (Source: Item D-XII/31/1993, below. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(4), above, pp. 212-15.)
1 begun
Create adorable Easter gifts and projects using the images as tags or embellishments to decorate little boxes, bags or Easter baskets.
Mike and Jenny Farmer. Farmer founded RK Capital Management. Donations: £3m. Conservative Party co-treasurer.
It's bittersweet.
SAPA is working to change that trend and they use April as a time to go all-out in an attempt to promote awareness.
Another book unread, undone, don’t mistake this for apathy
Come, behold the works of the Lord,
Slowly I get her into doggy style
As the different characters all clash somewhat, though, certain responses might piss one off while pleasing another. Crack a joke with Bo about getting crabs from a hooker and Faye might get sniffy. Tell Charlie to go fuck himself with his overly-serious military-speak and he’ll get annoyed, but Bo will laugh. Your performance in combat affects these trust ratings, too — clip your teammate with a bullet and they’ll get angry, but save them from certain death or pull off a particularly impressive feat and they’ll give you the credit you deserve.
You want to know what director William F. Claxton is most famous for working on? Westerns. You want to know what a majority of the cast (save for one or two) were famous for working on? Westerns. You want to know what co-writer Gene R. Kearney was most famous for working on? Well, TV mysteries...but I guess he was branching out for this. Fellow scribe Don Holliday only has this movie to his credits, probably because his agent got wind of this project and he never wrote in this town again, et cetera.
You know, one of my favorite parts of driving home for any break is the number of SAU people I get to see on the expressway. Fun times. It’s fun to see who they all are.
Quin - you had a playhouse and you were so small and you lived there with your family and did a polka dance and did the hokey pokey
Brian Lilley posted this column by Michael Coren on his Lilley Pad blog. The topic is the recent riots by youths in London, Ontario and Toronto, Ontario.
PEOPLE: From a director of 10 episodes of 21 Jump Street (haha). Starring Eric Balfour (Milo Pressman from 24, Claire’s boyfriend from Six Feet Under season 1, What Women Want, Trojan War) and Tanya Clarke (As The World Turns). With Nick Mancuso (Matrix, Stingray), Caroline Neron, Justin Salinger. Mostly people I’ve never heard of, as it’s a low budget TV horror movie.
The best new investigative tool? Facebook. (So be careful what you put on your wall!)
The Pink Door 1919 Post Alley Seattle, WA
So slow its downstream glide:
Do you like customization? I know I do. Inside the Windows Operating System you have the power to develop your machine to your liking. Do you need to setup a scheduler? How about customizing what programs can startup when you begin windows? Or, determining what you want to do with folders?
You can also brainstorm for ways to help out locally alone or even get a group together and set a goal to make so many items by a certain date! You can make a bulk of easy little items in your spare time or you can set a challenge for yourself or group to auction and raise money for charity! Use your imagination! There are plenty of ways to make a difference! Crocheters matter!
After that hair cut, I knew I was going to let it grow to donate it, and I've stuck to that. I got it trimmed once in the past 18 months, and that was a special deva curl cut which was mucho bucks again, and didn't look that much different than going to a regular salon. Unless I go to NYC or a big city where I know they'll do a good job, I'll be sticking to regular salons from here on out. So here we are now, big belly and long, curly hair.
Samuel Adams Blackberry Witbier
As the scientists found, when there was a relative quiet in the lab, two groups of people, those who spoke only their native language and those who also spoke a second one, had similar brain responses to sounds. But when the lab was deliberately flooded by sound stimuli and noises, read more
i’m kicking off the month of May with some sporty chic – hi-tops, tennis skirt and prints!
To cope with the fact that whites refused to acknowledge the humanity of black Americans, most blacks had to mask their true feelings and actual personalities whenever they were in the presence of white people. Sometimes, this masking meant shuffling and feigning irresponsibility; and sometimes it meant turning the other cheek and walking away rather than responding to white insults. But almost always, it meant conforming to a pattern of racial etiquette in day-to-day affairs.
What we don’t have recorded is the downhill slide of love to hate. When did it go from “I’ve gotta keep you with me” to “I’ll make out with all your girl friends and tag your face just to rub it in”? We’re left to speculate what happened, where things went wrong.
Most of the band members, went to Stuyvesant High School and then New York University from which they based themselves in their early years. Weekday nights, Urban Blight rehearsed. According to the New York Daily News article, they weren't like other local bands whose members played in a number of groups or chased studio jobs. "Urban Blight," Sprague said, "we were obsessed by it, like a religion. We thought if we kept at it we'd get what we deserved."
It always makes me smile when I see people wearing Reebok stuff, I just think they are playing pretend, get with the program and know your real stuff and how can you walk about wearing that stuff outside in public it’s for indoors it’s not got any street cred it’s just pulp fashion LOL for the masses give me Adidas and Nike every time LOL.
What was the experience like writing DARKROOM? I can’t picture you in a dim lit room typing your little fingers away!
The 7" will be released on February 7th backed with the exclusive b-side "The Guns Called Me Back Again", while the album "Let England Shake" is coming the following week, making it the ideal Valentine's Day gift!
It is not hard to imagine why people work more when they are free to take as many vacations as they need. They are better able to decide the best times to take time off from work and plan their work accordingly. Not everyone can fit into the standard two-week vacation schedule simply because everybody is different with different needs. If one person wants to take a day off every other week, but is capable of completing and exceeding his expectations, then there is no reason for that person to be spending wasteful hours at the office when they have no urge to be there.
But, just like the caterpillar to a butterfly, it's a process.
The method of this recipe is just like my maternal grandmother taught me - cream butter and sugar, beat in eggs, add dry and wet in batches, spoon into pan and bake, cool and place in a cake tin right at the back of the cupboard, far from the greedy boys (isn't that a metaphor for life!!). My paternal grandmother taught me to open a packet and put them on a nice plate!
There is also the option of simply paying ‘blood money’ to the deceased wife’s family which, in some locales around the world, entirely resolves the problem for the murderer-husband.
everyone else’s day is over, this one is just starting work. Typing through the tiredness and pain barrier. Pulling together the inspiration of observations and events from the preceding daylight hours. Pausing to reflect upon the words written, listening to the drip of the bathroom tap, the hum of a transformer in
We caused quite a stir in the village but everyone was friendly towards us. We took a jaunt down to the village well. It was a good fifteen minutes walk from the main part of the village. I met two of the fifth class girls from the school, who were carrying over ten litres of water between them. Myself and Laura took a container each off them and they really were very heavy, especially for ten year old girls, half our size.
Last year, Bill Gates, investor Warren Buffett, and Mark Zuckerberg (of Facebook fame) signed the "Gates-Buffet Giving Pledge" in which they promised to donate to charity at least half of their wealth over the course of time. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has already donated $28 billion dollars to charity, and they have pledged to eventually give away 95% of their wealth. A lot of wealthy people don't do that; in fact, few wealthy people do that. One of the criticisms in all the love-fest following the death of Steve Jobs was the fact that he didn't seem to be much of a philanthropist. Of course, I remember someone telling prospective philanthropists "do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing." You really do have to admire people like Bill and Melinda Gates who have made a second career out of giving away what they accumulated in their first.
Julian Robertson, who managed his Tiger hedge fund from $23 billion down to $6 billion in 2000, has refused court ordered discovery for a mental exam regarding his frivolous lawsuit against Al Martin Raw.com, Conspiracy Planet.com et al.
Raja Petra stressed that politics in Malaysia needed to move beyond national leaders like Anwar or even PM Datuk Seri Najib Razak and more on structure and ideas.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to give my all my trust to scientists and politicians within the believe that if what they speak is so complex and impossible for me to comprehend they must know what they are doing where I never ask myself the question how can they know what they are doing if life for all people is becoming worse with each day
Links In Comments
May 14, 2012 / Toronto, Canada / The Legendary Horseshoe Tavern
One of the things I was worried about should I be sent to the Pengkalan Chepa Prison was in how I was dressed – I would have attracted attention at the prison’s registration area (black pants, white shirt, belt all spanking new, plus shiny Hush Puppies black shoes. Oh, plus a cheapo RM6 black songkok bought specifically for going to the court. would have bought a RM1 songkok had there been one).
Like Mitchell in Being Human the Radleys are trying to live as human a life as possible but unlike the vampires in the TV shows (and indeed most vampires) they’re not dead. Nor are they immortal but if they take care of themselves – and by that I mean drink blood regularly – then they can hope to live for a good couple of hundred years. There are a number of fictional vampires who refrain from feeding on humans (Angel, Blade – although strictly speaking he’s a dhampir – the Cullen Clan in Twilight) but very few of them can still say they live a normal life. The Radleys, however, are your common-or-garden, married, middle class couple with two teenage children, Rowan and Clara, who live behind the white picket fence of 17 Orchard Lane in the quaint English village of Bishopthorpe where they moved sixteen years earlier. It was at that point they decided to make a conscious break with the past and chose to become abstainers. Peter is the village doctor. His wife, Helen, is content to be a housewife, to do a little painting and raise the kids.
No, we kill them all.
16 THE PURSUIT AND DEATH OF ROTWANG (Giorgio Moroder) 5'32
6. Who's Gonna Shoe My Pretty Little Feet
About the best photo I could get with a strand compared to Knit Picks fingering.
Or cheer me up,
1/2 lb ramps
I’m trying to work slow with the book. It’s a tricky line because I want to get the pages painted and done, but at the same time I don’t want to make mistakes. For this reason, I made a little practice paper to try out sewing into paper and colors. I painted the grey watercolor over both sides, added a little rubbing alcohol, and painted the random lines all over it. Unfortunetly I did learn that the watercolor paper is way too thick to sew into (in a quick fashion). I had to pre-punch the holes with an exacto knife and it took an excessive amount of time to sew. I frankly am too impatient with a needle and tread to try this again. I added the numbers (which are old old label numbers I found in a box) last.
Nowadays, that’s all people are regged for.
The new business class seats are the same as Lufthansa’s and made by Weber, the same company that makes Singapore Airlines and Virgin Australia’s domestic medium haul business class seats. They are in a reverse herringbone formation, which actually angles the seats towards each other in 1 x 2 x 1 set-up, whilst retaining a modicum of privacy, especially for the solo window seats. Personally I find it a bit unusual for a Middle Eastern Airline, as obviously the segregation between men and women is still a culturally sensitive issue, but I actually commend their decision. Perhaps due to the passenger profile being more International than Middle Eastern, or perhaps that they see themselves as a progressive, modern airline?
* White Tulle fabric by the Christmas Shop
To a monumental degree they have been extraordinarily successful in their malevolent scheme.
diminished melody until
Yesterday was different. It started at breakfast when Middleson retrieved the previous nights dinner that he was too full to eat. Interestingly enough, it was only the vegetables he was too full to consume. Lest you think I am a harshmommyontheboysturf, it was two green beans. Therefore, two green beans were offered for breakfast along with a side of his tears, followed by a steaming bowl of oatmeal with extra raisins.
The service is great, friendly and helpful. The menu is simple home cooking with a choice of pizzas, pastas, curries and a couple of West Indian dishes. These cover a range of options so if you are vegan or on a gluten free diet you’ll be fine. The drinks list is small but thoughtful covering a range of teas and coffees plus smoothies and juices and organic wine, beer and lager.
Continuing with more Moroccan oud, but in very different style from my last post. Hamid Zahir is far and away my fave Moroccan oud player. This is not the oud of spacious, thoughtful taqasim or subtleties of touch. This is jamming, percussive, rhythmic, driving oud, and nobody does it to death like Hamid Zahir!
Throughout the past fortnight my flu hung in there but I did my best to cough discreetly away from anyone else, honk quietly (well, for me, ‘quiet’ is less than a hundred decibels and not blasting a hole through the tissue) and generally ignore it which is why, after everyone’s left and the house is festooned with washing (the tops of the doors were wiped clean in order to drape damp bed sheets on them), it seems to have returned for another bout.
So click the button on the right or the one below, right now, dammit:
Saison is one of my favorite styles and I was excited to try what Scott Vaccaro and his team were able to do. I want to say that this is Captain Lawrence’s summer seasonal but wasn’t able to find any information on their site. I was also unable to find out what the alcohol percentage was but it didn’t seem to be too high (maybe around 6%)
“Hosanna in the highest heaven!”
“First I have to apologize to the fans and sponsors. With heartfelt regret, I won’t be playing in the Masters due to a tweaked back.” @DJohnstonPGA
Or the fact that I have to pee (trickle) 10 times every hour.
Lee was charged for paying $500 twice to have sex with the prostitute ‘Miss XXX’ who was 17 years old at the time of the offence twice on 26 September and 10 December in 2010. He pleaded guilty on Friday morning.
4.) Kids are dunking each other at the pool, against each others wishes. Their parents sit poolside chatting away with each other and doing nothing.
“. . .it looks like from the outside that they are not used to strong women who took the urging of Pope Pius XII very seriously. Pope Pius XII urged women religious – way before I was in the community – to be educated in theology, to get educated in advanced degrees.
If I think about this stuff I get so angry I have to go off and cry...which doesn't help the hens at all..so I don't let myself think about it. Yet.
We bring together people from all over the world to bond in the common interest of great culinary findings. This tour is a “melting pot of cultures” and we’ll be sitting down at half of the restaurants we visit – and savor different bites standing and on the go. At the South Beach Food Tour, we will show you the hidden treasures inside the beating heart of the beach.
6. Complete 7 days of 100% of diet and exercises in a row.
If you think you would get less beer if you bought half a litre, do the following experiment. Nick a pint pot from a pub. Go on, just do it. Just this once. Buy either a 500ml bottle or can of any beer of choice and pour it into the pint pot. You will notice you actually have more beer in the pint pot than a usual 568ml pint that you would buy in a pub. That’s because pubs rip you off with short measures and the froth is considered part of the pint. A continental half litre in a lined glass is actually more beer than a UK pub pint. Our European cousins with their metric lined glasses are getting what they paid for and we are getting stung.
If you are putting your house on the market, improve your bathrooms with a bit of freshening up. Renovate fixtures, lighting, and decor. Give it a spa-like ambiance so that would-be buyers can envision themselves in a luxurious bubble-bath as they tour your home.
Twitter and Facebook have helped to generate more access between fashion brands and consumers, thus, making fashion brands appear more transparent and open. An increase in company transparency will lead to increased consumer trust. Hitha Prabhakar, reported that designer, Diane von Furstenberg, saw a 13 percent increase in online traffic as well as an increase in sales, after the creation of the brand’s social media presence.
I think it is really important to set definite and specific goals. I might even add dates as to when I expect to finish and start specific goals. That might help put some fire under my feet, but I know one thing is for sure, I’ve got some fire in my belly! Time to go learn some more math!
After a lot of trial and error I finally feel like I am slowly defining my style after a year of bouncing all over the place with no direction. I’ve never thought of myself as an artist. I’ve always related more to the title of designer so it’s hard for me to think of my work as art. I guess I see myself more as a decorative artist or product designer. Trying to compete in an industry filled with amazingly talented “real” artists is pretty daunting but I am no stranger to rejection and failure. They have been my constant companions throughout my various careers and I have always somehow come out ahead. Probably because I am so stubborn and just work myself to death until I get it right. Practice makes perfect!!!
Remember Tam o'Shanters mare.
I have purchased many a jelly roll over the last year, simply because I might use them someday.. well I started this yesterday....
The whole gang setting up for the day...
Shoes: Tsubo
It is therefore no wonder that relativism has prompted postmodern thinkers to come to the inevitable conclusion that ‘we’, as different cultures, are permanently stuck in our ‘own’ a-historical insular socio-historical and linguistic cocoons (worlds) with no hope ever being able to find universal criteria that can determine what is ‘right’ or ‘wrong’, and what is ‘good’ and what is ‘bad’, ergo the Lockean tolerance forced on us by cultural relativism to refrain from judging Noble Savage witchcraft as ‘wrong’ and judging female circumcision as ‘bad’. And given its appeal in the West, one cannot blame less courageous philosophers, like the pragmatic Richard Rorty, to come to the cocoon-bound (relativist) ethno-centric conclusion that “I’m an American, before I’m a human being”.
Thanks so much to my wonderful customers, friends, and those who support and encourage.
Currently, there are no licensing requirements to become an aromatherapist in the United States. Some aromatherapists may already have a license in another area of the medical field. For example, a registered and licensed nurse may also choose to practice as an aromatherapist. Keep in mind though, that in these circumstances, a licensed professional in another field may not have expert knowledge in regard to the use of essential oils. People who are not part of the medical industry can choose to become aromatherapists in the United States without being licensed, however, they will more than likely have to undergo extensive training and gain experience in how to use essential oils.
The sentiment is by Hero Arts and I die cut it using a Spellbinders label die. I added some little stick on gems as a finishing touch . I hope you are enjoying the hop so far and thank you so much for dropping by! Your next stop on the hop is the fabuous Mina with another gorgeous stamp from the new release.
NOTE: In spite of the ankle injury that Beth suffered on RAW, she was given medical clearance, and she has invoked her rematch clause.
7 cups bread flour
Is there a better way to ensure that your child has good friends who are positive influences, than to be one of them?
Pathos alert! The monster weeps, as the kindly-yet-demented violinist trapped within the hulking frame is horrified at his new pecs and hirsute appearance. Soon, a Cartesian dilemma presents itself: the body is overpowering the brain, asserting its dominance. Elder could have perhaps explained this with hormones and such, but prefers to mangle his science, as has been traditional throughout the series. But Cushing is undaunted: a more perfect specimen can be created by cross-breeding the artificial man with mute Maddy: “Her true function as a woman can be fulfilled.” This marks a new low for the Baron, who has just been sympathetically recounting the cause of Smith’s traumatic aphasia: attempted rape at the hands of her father. Now he’s proposing to make her brood mare to his orang-utan-man.
PRODUCTS:
If you are interested in winning this autographed copy of Snow Day by Lester Laminack, just be a follower and leave a comment below.
Cover Girl Lash Blast Fusion Mascara - Very Black (lower lashes)
Following the Telegraph’s investigation last year, the four major exam boards in England and Wales were required to carry out their own internal reviews of all training and guidance for teachers.
I love adhesives...is that weird to say? But really, I do! As a crafter who ventures into all areas of crafting, I constantly find myself needing varying types of adhesives, and I am always on the look-out for better quality and easier-to-use adhesives. I just recently got to use the Glue Arts Glue Glider Pro for the first time, and I have to say - it was love at first use! So let me tell you some of the things I love about it...
Thursday is Kindergarten Back to School Night, Friday is Open House, and Monday will be our first day!! Classroom photos to come tomorrow!
We took some Photos this afternoon which I will Post tomorrow.
**It’s only been 16 years since I wrote this, but it seems like a lifetime!**
From the Conference Coordinator, Danielle Ray
Not everybody likes German dumplings, I usually hear it's the texture that throws them off. But for the ones of us that do like them, we looove them. We grew up on german dumplings, being as our mother is german. Every year when we visit Germany we make sure to bring back 10+ boxes of the dumpling mix. Which is why I wasn't sure if I wanted to put this recipe up to begin with, why put up a recipe with an ingredient most people might not be able to find? But Sarah said that she did see the mix in a store here in the states so I decided to put it up. If you can't find it in your local store, look for a European store near you, they will most likely have it.
It was within this context that the ANC began to reach for "hegemony". Even if it could not have sole power, even if it had to be just one party competing against others, it would nonetheless demand a complete dominance over the entire system - and its culture. Straight away in 1990 its cadres fanned out, seeking control of the cultural commanding heights - of the universities, of the SABC, of the Human Sciences Research Council and, of course, of the press. It gained predominant control in the first three fairly quickly - but the problem was that ANC control was also profoundly destructive. Fairly soon the HSRC ceased to matter and most English-speakers just stopped listening to the SAFM English programme. Most of the old black tribal colleges either collapsed completely and had to be put under administration or were so close to that state as to positively repel students.
recruitment@rcti.tv
The shortlist for the 2012 Orange Prize for fiction was announced on Tuesday. As regular readers know, I've been trying to read as many of the longlisted books as possible this year and then predict which ones would make it into the shortlist and even go on to win the prize. It seems that I'm definitely not an expert yet but I have had some small successes.
It takes me back to the Blitz, even though I wasn't there.
Mix apple with brown sugar and lemon juice. Pour into bottom of little casserole or gratin dish. Cut 1 Tbs butter into flour, sugar, and cinnamon until crumbly. Pour over top of apples. Bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes. Cut remaining butter into little pats at place on top; bake an additional 5 – 10 minutes or until apples are tender.
But then I feel like I’ve hit a brick wall, what do I do now? I must have a drafting project on my plate. Seriously, it is the strangest thing, but I get shit done when I have a draft in progress. My productivity in every other venue of my life goes through the ceiling when I have a drafting project I’m excited about because I use the draft as a carrot: finish writing that science paper and you can have two uninterrupted hours of blissfully enjoying your characters in a world unlike this one.
ON the Carbon TAX, at first Julia Gillard swore up and down that “THERE WOULD BE NO CARBON TAX UNDER A GOVERNMENT I LEAD”. Week later that promise along with pretty much anything else she promised has been BROKEN. NO taking the time to explain, NO taking the time to listen to voters..she has lost the trust of a nation.
Kamps noted that these pool fires were the beginning of the worst-case analysis envisioned by the Japanese government in the early days of the disaster, as reported by the New York Times in February.
You’d think that after all the recent speculation surrounding her relationship with Simon Cowell outside of ‘X Factor‘, Dannii Minogue wouldn’t want to get anywhere near him. But now she is considering a return to the show’s judging panel, and is in negotiations with ‘ITV‘ to replace unpopular stand-in Kelly Rowland.
Hit RETURN to continue.
Wacky my ass. This shit scared me. Like, for realz. Granted I was six at the time, but still. Ernest manages to unleash trolls that stalk the towns-children then turn them into wooden figurines. Ernest tries to help but confuses milk, the thing that can stop the trolls, with miak. NOT FUCKING HELPFUL ERNEST. When you're a kid you do not want your main defender to be an autistic, no matter how well-intentioned, hick. Seriously, yo. That troll was organized. The worst part of it was when the girl heard something in her room, looks under her bed, then BAM, the troll is right fucking next to her in bed. For months I slept facing my wall because my child mind believed that if I didn't turn around the troll wouldn't be there. No one said I was a smart child.
When the UK high streets are suffering in what is one of the harshest economic situations of our time, is it worth investing your hard earned money and time opening a physical store?
I have no scruples about asking questions about things I don’t quite understand, but as a prideful girl, I have a big problem when people tell me something I already know as if I don’t know it. These might seem like two distinct things, but I’m sure somewhere in the middle the line is quite blurred… I think I give the impression that either 1)I know everything or 2)I don’t know anything about a given subject.
"Um..I don't know", she said this as though I was crazy for expecting her to know the name of such a thing.
Deciding to ignore him, she went into the kitchen and told Malcolm to start the steak orders, then busied herself with her customers. She would not be interested in Tyler, even if her libido was.
For further tips and tricks on bottling, preserves and general domestic fabulousness, I can totally reccomend this book, I love River Cottage anyway, but this book especially has me ready to bottle and preserve anything and everything.
Short term support remains at the OEW 1386 and 1372 pivots. Short term resistance is at SPX 1407, 1414, and 1419. Short term momentum hit oversold today, then bounced back to neutral. The short term OEW charts remain with a positive bias from SPX 1380 with the swing point around the upper range of the 1386 pivot. Best to your trading!
Also, if the author of 2 Peter wasn’t Peter, he definitely goes out of his way to make it sound like it. The author claims that Christ has told him about his coming death (1:14). The author claims to have personally seen the transfiguration (1:16-18). The author claims to have written 1 Peter (3:1), and the author claims Paul is a beloved brother (3:15-16). It strikes this author as very bizarre that a pseudopigrapher would utilize empirically falsifiable claims like that, which would easily be falsifiable even a whole generation after the death of Peter while the immediate disciples of the apostles (like Clement) were still around.
A sweet little 6 lbs 6 oz bundle of JOY! Oh my gosh what a joy! Nothing makes me happier as a mom than getting to share in the joy of welcoming a new baby into the world. One of my besties, MK, had little Christopher Robin at 36 1/2 weeks. Hes a tiny one, but so so healthy! She gave birth to big brother Ben when he was 32 weeks so we were full of joy when she was able to make it to 36 1/2 weeks with CR. She has high blood pressure during her pregnancies and was so glad that CR was almost full term. Friday her blood pressure sky rocketed and so she headed to the hospital. After waiting awhile to get some test results back her doctor decided it would be best to go ahead and do the c-section. He was born at 3:30am Saturday morning. I had the wonderful pleasure of staying with baby Ben at their house while Chris and MK were in the hospital and I even got to bring him to the hospital for the first time to see his new baby brother. That was SO much fun!! I remember when Jack came to see me in the hospital, it was such a special visit. Now I think my 2 little babies are the cutest ever, but Ill tell you what, that CR is definitely 3rd on my list for cutest baby EVER! Gotta love how perfectly round those c-section babies heads/faces are! CR, we can't wait for you to come home and play with all the crazy boys. We can't wait to see you toddling behind the big three (Jack, Noah and Ben) and trying to catch up with them! Don't worry, Lucy won't be too far ahead :). We love you sweet boy, thanks for joining us a little early! I couldn't stop smiling when I was walking to the parking lot of the hospital after seeing him for the first time, so special!
This cruel upbringing encouraged her to enter the life of an ascetic. Lalla’s mother-in-law is said to have agitated her son with tales of Lalla’s infidelity. In anger her husband allegedly stoned the pot that Lalla carried on her head. Though the pot broke, the water purportedly remained frozen on her head. This terrified her husband to such an extent that he could not think of retaining her as his wife. Lalla composed many songs, most of which speak of her great longing and love for Shiva. Her poems formed an important part of Kashmiri language and culture and are still revered. Indeed, there are many similarities between her life and her near contemporary Mirabai who was married to Prince Bhoj Raj of Mewar.
It has been a very nice day. The snow is all melted that snowed yesterday.
Before you fly back down.
Read Vanishing Acts by Piccolt about a kid kidnapped by her own father. I did not like this one. Dark and depressing, with decadent and evil jail scenes and again, an ending that left me going, "what...?". I do really like her first person perspective on each character. That is very compelling, despite other issues I have with her writting.
Don’t you think I’ve done a nice job here of evading the whole exercise question? Yes, yes I have! But this time I have no apologies. Once I am in the habit, a month like this would be fitted right in…but for now I’m ok with delaying this part of my 50 by 50 by a month.
Upon its smooth surface.
One of the highlights of the film was the snippet shown of Angus Buchan’s Mighty Men Conference in 2010 where more than 300 000 men gathered together in conference. Just those few moments are enough to show the audience how inspiring and motivating he is as he preaches Gods Word. Angus Buchan said in a statement at the Rosebank première, “Success is failure turned inside out, that’s why the Lord takes nobodies, Ordinary People like you and me, broken down old potato farmer and He uses us in amazing ways. He gives us new lives, He gives us new opportunities and folks if He can do it to these men that you have seen in the movie, He can do it for you and me.”
Is now a victim of his fame.
My recovery started with a nice cup of tea and a reading of a new anthology: Into the Woods. It’s a collection of fairy tales, reworked and retold by a variety of writers and artists, under the stewardship of Stacey Whittle. If you don’t know Stacey, you don’t know comics: she is the queen of the small press, one half of the Small Press Big Mouth podcast and a passionate advocate of all that independent comics can offer.
My papers are My Mind's Eye, Dilly Dally. They've been matted and stitched onto brown and blue cardstock. To embellish I added some Whiff of Joy ribbon, paper flowers, a vintage postcard and a ticket.
Did he choose the pair I wanted him to wear? No. But, the pair he chose were still new, and fit well. Choose your battles, right? So he got dressed in his pajamas, grabbed his blanket, and we were out the door for school.
Knowing my inability to remember things for long, and the likelihood of me actually getting around to writing this blog post any time soon, I actually did make notes at the end of our trip on the things we'd seen and done. Sitting in a cafe near the station, scribbling away in my new notebook, surrounded by beer and smelly cheese. (Marouilles. It should be licenced. It *stinks* and tastes much like it smells, but greasier.) So, we might end up with a slightly more coherent account of our trip than would normally be the case.
Señor Porras wrote Pizarro, a history book about the Spanish conquistador, which was published after Porras’s death. Other works by this gentleman include Los Cronistas del Perú (1962) and El Inca Garcilaso de la Vega (1539-1616) (1946) The Wikipedia link lists all of his works.
The traditional picture with all the kids 12 and under that get to gather eggs
The navy blue looks quite grey when swatched on my arm. I assure you it's not that bad once you use it on your eyes. I would also recommend using an eyeshadow primer. It may bring out some of the eyeshadows a bit better. I don't really use primer, nor do I own any so I just piled it on HAHA (such a drag queen).
Dalton McGuinty, I know you want to build a brighter future for Ontario. Please don't forget about my girl. If it were not for Bernie, Ashley would not be where she is today. Bernie is someone that you want on your therapy team. There are many more kids in York region that would have benefitted from her service. Not all parents can afford private therapy. Physiotherapy should not be a luxury for kids who cannot walk, hold up your head, feed yourself or speak.
Oh. How naive I was.
Books do furnish a room, don't they? (Except when they are on a Kindle, but that's another blog post). This was what I got for Christmas (and not all my presents were books, so I am a lucky girl).
7. Are you less than thrilled at the prospect of dating again?
There isn’t much about myself I feel like I can’t tell Eden. She knows things about me that very few people know. Honesty like that coming from me isn’t something that happens often. I think that’s why I know Eden is so kick-ass. I trust her with my life.
The source said only the nine experienced members knew how to carry out inspections and checks correctly, and they had to "pick up the weight" of the 41 inexperienced firefighters.
The people
BUT you need to make the following changes -
On Monday, Icken and Feldman unveiled what the board would look like. It would have five members: someone who understands the judicial system, someone with law enforcement experience, a criminal defense attorney, a forensics expert and someone
All items in my TPT and TN shop are 20% off. If you use the code below on TPT, you will get an additional 10% off of the sale price. Stock up!!
~ If you own an ice crusher, it's a pretty good bet we can be pals.
It was Tuesday that a medical team leaving for Haiti asked her to go with them. Yes, Tuesday. Three days before they were set to leave. She was hesitant at first for a multitude of reasons (if someone asked you to go to Haiti in three days, you'd probably hesitate too!). Also, my birthday happens to be in just a few days. I'm turning seventeen! And my mom didn't really want to miss that. But honestly, Haiti needs her more then I do right now. So after I assured her many times that it was okay, and I wanted her to go even if that meant her missing my birthday, she agreed to go.
This is why I think it’s nothing short of a tragedy that SA’s education is in the state it is.
I realised this past weekend that the reason I was so confused about White Echoes' genre was simple: I did not want to admit the obvious. It was a science fiction, but I brought my fantasy manners over to it, attempting to cover the truth with another colour of paint.
Cards like this Koufax-Kershaw item get some collectors' blood boiling, because the card by its nature is comparing one player with another, as if (*gasp*) they are the same.
fallen on Good Friday for me. I have always hated that day. I hate hate hate to fast. I'm not good at the whole look cheerful thing when I have a hungry tummy thing. Today I truly realized (as much as I can right now) how little I love. Today, following Christ (in prayer) on His Way of the Cross, I saw how much Christ was willing to suffer for us, how much the blessed mother suffered for us, and how little I suffer. If I cannot get over these qualms, these annoyances of keeping an orderly house, for the sake of love, for the sake of my family, then what am
Fine. There’s nothing glorious about the Crimea – there’s not much glorious about any war – but that still doesn’t make it right to ignore the soldiers. If a government sends them out in a ‘rotten cause’, if it fails to equip or support them properly, if it wastes their lives to ensure their own political survival – then why blame the soldiers who are effectively the victims? They weren’t to know they were living in an unfashionable time. They couldn’t know when they ran to their slaughter at the Alma that posterity would just say ‘how embarrassing’ and turn the page. Tennyson spoke the truth when he wrote ‘Theirs not to reason why, Theirs but to do and die.’ That’s exactly what they did – and in their thousands.
1/2 cup confectioners' sugar
3. Take it to the Limit
So I am standing there with my tulip bulbs hanging from my shovel thinking WTH?
(based on Betty Crocker's Cocoa Brownies)
I can tell my “Master” is enjoying my plight
Note: It says both “men” (אֱנוֹשׁ enosh) and “people” (הָעָם hayam) in the Hebrew Bible. Bible interpreters have come up with various explanatory models of the expression “ve anshei ha’ir, anshei S’dom”, “the men of the city, even the men of Sodom”. Some say “anshei” can refer to a group of people consisting of both sexes. One point is that the sins of Sodom and Gomorrah and other cities were widely known for their inhospitality long before the incident in Sodom. Another point is why would Lot offer his own daughters to the people if they were gay? That would mean that they were bisexual. Finally, everytime Sodom is mentioned in Tanach, the Jewish Bible, it is about the city’s inhospitality and cruelty against fellow human beings, not for their “homosexuality”, but gang-rape? Oh, yes!
Department of Correctional Services
Notice the little "Dice Roller" button. Click it. Coolness! A little dice roller pops up on the page. Oh, what is this "more dice" button on the dice roller? Whoa! It takes you to a full version of the dice roller I blogged about way back when.
In retrospect, I should have posted, but I didn't think it worth it, as there was nothing to say. After being ill for an endless number of days, I lost the urge to tat/dye thread at all. Just within the past couple days I've started to tat again. So, remorsefully, I come bearing patterns, as, when I got the urge, I had no books!
He paused allowing his eyes to adjust as he looked around the saloon. He noted most people were sitting at tables around the room. Only the lone hunched figure sat at the bar. He walked toward the bar, the spurs on his boots rusted silent making his approach unnoticed by the figure at the bar. As he passed patrons their noses turned up, his stink far exceeding than their own. His worn jacket was riddled with tears and stains, his pants so thin you could his long johns beneath. The hat pulled low on his brow once white was now stained brown and yellow with the brim cut and torn.
Q: How long do Lash Extensions last?
Epictetus
Under His wings my soul shall abide,
And my personal favorite, "Now that all your children are grown up, you're free to do whatever you want to do."
These flowers are used to shine shoes in some parts of India, for hair-care and it’s also a PH Indicator, it turns acidic solutions to dark pink and basic solutions to green.
Divided focus always works against you.
I really need to tell you that this was one of those images that really intimidated me when it came to coloring it. I made my first card with this image three months ago when I started on The Stamping Boutique design team and really wasn't happy with it but posted it. My daughter found the first card in my stash today and we compared them. My coloring has improved in 90 days, how fun, I think I'll keep practicing!
On Monday, September 12th, the Stillwagons arrived in Santa Rosa and stopped in at Johnny Garlic's to see if they could "talk to Guy". By a happy chance, Guy just happened to be there in a meeting, and the staff told them they could wait. Tracy writes, "Shortly after they got them chairs and a drink, Guy walked out of the meeting room and they FINALLY got to meet him!! My dad said he shook his hand, reminded him that they had met back in St Louis and got to talk to him for a short time.....success!"
The DAP secretary-general was quoted by Sin Chew Daily as saying that schools in Penang should not continue subscribing the two Malay dailies, otherwise the state government would stop allocating funds to them.
I'm pretty sure if you haven't noticed yet, I've changed my blog and its name. Lately, I've been obsessed with the word "infinite" and any word related to it. Therefore, a blog name changing had to be called for! (Besides, A Neverending Fantasy didn't really sound like a YA book blog...)
Love ya, puddin'!
All that to say, since I'm blogging so much at They Don't Make 'Em Like They Used To, I don't have as much time for this blog; however, I'm not going to abandon it completely. I am going to post here occasionally---when I feel I have something really important to say. And today I feel I have something important to say. Actually, it's not I who is saying it. It is a man---Pat Archbold---writing for the National Catholic Register, but he very much echoes my own thoughts about how women in society now tend to want to be "hot" rather than "pretty." This article is very insightful and thought-provoking, and I encourage all of you to read it. Although I've copied and pasted the article below, HERE is the link to the actual article
So last night I was laying in bed texting Jake since he was out with some friends and I was telling him how the baby was kicking away and wanting to see Daddy. I kind of sat up to get a better look at my belly and I saw it move when baby kicked me!!! I immediately put my hand on my belly and what do ya know, little baby was kicking away at momma's hand for a good 15 minutes last night! It was the most unbelievable thing! I thought this wouldn't happen for another couple weeks! So of course I told Jake all about it and he's so excited to come home in a week so he can feel our son or daughter kick at him too. What's really strange is that every time I talk to someone about my wishes for baby, it comes true that same day!!! I was talking to my sister in law, Missy one day about not feeling any flutters yet and later that night I finally felt them! And yesterday I talked to Jake's mom about how I wish I could feel the kicks from the outside and later that night I could feel them! It's just been really incredible!
This is what I have to do – live with CFS.
One mornin’ I noticed that a mirror to my moped was stolen and I was actually kinda relieved…. because they looked kinda faggy on my ride and I was gonna take them down that night.
Being the type of person that I am, beliefs don’t bother me that much except to the extent that they inform actions. Actions are a big deal. Someone who says that we should really give supply-side economics another chance has amusingly obsolete views; a politician who actually tries to implement supply-side economic policies must be stopped. By the same token, a person who believes in any number of deities (to take one popular aspect of religion) does not bother me and I will think them at worst to have misinterpreted some aspect of the world, whereas someone who tries to establish laws purely on the basis of religious justifications, again, must be stopped.
Do you have any useful ifttt.com recipies that you want to share with us all?
“Your two pals even look crossways at me, I’ll think you told them something. You understand that?”
I’m going to submit him into Lost Hemisphere‘s April Paint the Target, which is warcasters, warlocks, Solos, or UAs, so be on the look out for that as well!
Last time I blogged I had my big list of NSVs and was feeling on top of the world, even though I'd had quite an anxious day with Neddy. Well that night I had trouble getting to sleep and it wasn't til 1am on Thursday morning that I stupidly decided to take one of these over the counter sleeping tablets that my parents got from the US when they were there a couple of months ago.
We strayed from the path and walked into the field until we could hear voices but could not see anyone. It was so calm. We sat down in the field and listened to the quietude.
The little rectangular screen flashes at 0.0 lbs. Then another one, two, three flashes as it reads my weight.
‘Well – I don’t know about that,’ he says. ‘But a high temperature needs controlling. Not only is it a bad thing in itself, but the side effects will make you feel pretty rubbish. I know I wouldn’t want to go any length of time with a fever like this without taking something.’
Your loving brother, Yeshua
Surreptitiously I glance at my emails - there is one from Laura sent an hour ago saying "Look out for Jay, he got a delivery this morning and has been high as a kite ever since."
But even better, the food. I am an Italian girl, and carbs are one of my many best friends. Years of pasta dinners have left me with these thunder thighs and booty to cushion myself as I sit on those hard metal chairs outside of the cafe.
-Hand towel or towel
In truth, such assistance given each other is only situational. For example, if I saw a writhing dog or a cat on the road that had been run over, I’d help it too – an action across specie lines, no less.
Turnips, 1 medium size, cut or blend into small pieces
So the Garda have him in full technicolour.
The farmer showed us around the state of the art facilities which included a cosy TV room,boot room,office with a lot of technical equipment and THE COW SHED.
Perhaps I should just free myself of any notion that my family history is mine to write and just get on with telling stories? In truth, we can't own our ancestors' personal histories anymore than we can hold a handful of the sea. It is common land rather than our own enclosed estate. Another favourite BBC programme, QI, brought this home to me with the question, who on the panel of four was a direct descendent of Charlemagne? Jo Brand was the answer, but then it was explained that anyone with a European heritage is statistically related to everyone in Charlemagne's generation (8th century if you are interested). That means you (if you have this parentage) can claim alliance to all the greats - Alfred is yours, but so is Merlin, King Arthur, Eric Bloodaxe and anyone involved in the construction of stonehenge.
Armoire will be taking part in Singapore fashion tradeshow – Blueprint in conjunction with Audi Fashion Festival this May 2012. Blueprint is asia’s fashion gateway for East – West exchange, created to present emerging International & Asian designers.
At the Hours again the ferial antiphons and psalter are used. Prime has a fourth psalm displaced from Lauds by the Miserere, so the psalmody at Prime is Pss. 25, 51, 52 & 96. At Prime both the Dominical and ferial preces are sung kneeling, the chapter is the ferial Pacem et veritatem. At the other Hours the short set of ferial preces are chanted with the choir again kneeling.
I tried to take a picture of these babies but truthfully - my camera does not zoom in very well, and taking a picture of a mini muffin from 5 feet back .... well, the photo just won't do it justice then. So take my word for it - they were yummy and healthy too! Go make some!
So, on inviting the Gibeonites to ask what could be done to atone Saul’s sin and reverse the famine, the Gibeonites demanded for seven men of Saul’s sons to be delivered to them for hanging before the Lord in Gibeah. David spared Mephibosheth because of his covenant with Jonathan, but he handed over seven men of Saul’s son to the Gibeonites who hanged them.
MM: The decline of AM radio gave rise to the creation of specific airplay formats and a splintering of broadcast choices. Is that fragmentation responsible for the deplorable state of radio these days? Or does it no longer matter?
Someone’s color should not determine the kind or amount of justice they receive. I am absolutely disgusted that this even happened, but more disgusted that no one with the authority to do something about it stepped in of their own accord. That police chief should be fired. The major should be fired. And Zimmerman should face consequences for his (extremely misguided) poor decision.
Alice In Chains - Come and save me
Sunday: Jen and I went out to brunch. After that we came back to the apartment for awhile, then headed down to Millennium Park. We finished off the night with some unhealthy hot dogs and some Indiana Jones movies. What a great week.
Nicole: you dont get it do you
Do you dream? Do you ever remember your dreams? Do you understand what they mean? Do they mean anything?
“Your grandpa and I used to exchange script for services in these burned-out storefronts,” he’ll tell young Davis the Sixth. “It’s a lot like how you buy roots and berries to eat, except you do it online and we had this thing called bricks-and-mortar.”
Joseph of Arimathea. Nicodemus the Pharisee. They sat in seats of power and bore positions of influence. Men of means and men of clout. But they would’ve traded it all for one breath out of the body of Jesus. He had answered the prayer of their hearts, the prayer for the Messiah. As much as the soldiers wanted him dead, even more these men wanted him alive.
I am passing this award to the following blogs:
When trying to enjoy what you are drinking, I find it near impossible when drinking from a highball glass. It is fine for spirit/mixer combinations, as that is what it was made for, but when trying to enjoy a double stout or Belgian style IPA by the half (as this is a civilised way to drink them) the pleasure of such beer is definitely diluted by the glass in which it is served. Personally I ask for a Belgian beer glass (usually the Duval) to drink from for this kind of beer. This simple change of receptacle makes a half pint measure much more pleasurable. Both is terms of enjoying the aroma and taste of the beer; but also the tactile interaction with an interesting piece of glassware.
The ship seemed to be surrounded with a glare and stood out of the night as though she were on fire. I watched her. I don’t know why I didn’t keep swimming away. Fascinated, I seemed tied to the spot. Already I was tired out with the cold and struggling, although the life preserver held my head and shoulders above the water.
This statute makes it a crime for any person acting under color of law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom to willfully deprive or cause to be deprived from any person those rights, privileges, or immunities secured or protected by the Constitution and laws of the U.S.
The sentiment was stamped on plain velum in Memento Bahama Blue ink, then cut into a ribbon shape on the edges and added on with mirror tape squares. The diamante's are added to hide the mirror tape squares because the velum is so see-through.
But welcome one and all to the Fourty First Down Under Feminist Carnival.
In September, researchers from the OPERA collaboration in Italy provided fodder for a thousand articles when they announced measuring a neutrino moving faster than light. A neutrino is a particle smaller than an atom that can not hold an electrical charge.
Sunday: Race Day #2! I felt really refreshed waking up because I went to bed so early the night before and after a yummy breakfast of half a bagel with PB and banana and a bowl of yogurt, it was off to the races! As I said last week, I had no idea what to expect going into this race. I was definitely trained for the distance but not any speed but boy am I glad that I have 8 weeks of hill training under my belt because I sure as hell needed it yesterday. I ran into my Madrid partner-in-crime at the start and chatted with her before making my way into Corral 2 for the start. Before the gun even went off, I regretted my decision to wear rights instead of shorts but it ended up not being too bad.
From a sinful act committed twice, one may cleanse one’s self by vowing never to commit it again.
The second thing we need to do is learn how to talk about our finances openly and honestly with others. We have all sorts of justifications built into our lives for the way we live. We have to make ourselves vulnerable to critiques of the choices we make. The prophetic strain of the biblical narrative calls into question anything, any structure, choice or lifestyle, that is complicit or participates in the oppression, exclusion and marginalization of those who bear the image of God as well as the exploitation and domination of God’s creation. Shedding light on those realities in our lives requires the aforementioned relationships of trust, honesty and vulnerability.
So with some elbow grease, power tools, and ingenuity, this is the final product, which is still used in the aquarium lab today: Octopus Enrichment: The Obstacle Course
Big Brother and I are gearing up for fireworks! KC isn't a big fan of the noises that they make but we park quite far from the fireworks and don't hear the noises much but have a great view from where we sit. We are going to Walmart tomorrow to find some fireworks to buy for Big Brother. KC actually loves sparklers! He twirls them as he walks in circles never taking his eyes of the sparkles.
In her long journey, Margaret has certainly left an indelible imprint on SCBWI - such a quiet woman so she needs us to loudly declare her role in the phenomenal growth of our organization.
Fletcher may not have regularly replicated his Manchester United form with Scotland, but when he was on top form, demonstrated in the games against Spain and the Czech Republic, Scotland found a rhythm that has been lacking for the past 14 years.
The language of the novel is characteristic of the hard-boiled style of writing and suited to this violent world. In my post on The Big Sleep, I discussed Chandler’s use of colloquial language. “The realistic style,” according to Chandler, is easy to abuse: from haste, from lack of awareness, from inability to bridge the chasm that lies between what a writer would like to be able to say and what he actually knows how to say. It is easy to fake; brutality is not strength, flipness is not wit, edge-of-the-chair writing can be as boring as flat writing. Unlike the lesser novelists he refers to, Chandler is a master of this realistic style. His writing reminds readers of Hemingway’s novels. Beekman concludes that Chandler’s writing is the hallmark of the American style, his diction “a mixture of colloquial and poetic language, producing a style which is never purely realistic yet always concrete – Chandler seldom apostrophizes abstraction” (1973, 159).
I read my news online now.
Now, if we look at the current commodities boom, there are already eight commodities whose price rise had reached 500 percent or more by the end of June: heating oil (1,313 percent), nickel (1,273 percent), crude oil (1,205 percent), lead (870 percent), copper (606 percent), zinc (616 percent), tin (510 percent), and wheat (500 percent).
I wonder. Did I explain the boy's story better (every time) because I already knew it was the right choice? Was I scared to write a YA "boy" book? Methinks the answer to both of those questions is yes. But if I explained it well, then I must be able to write it well. (I hope.)
PROSPERITY! This is a new year, which means a new beginning, and a new creature,(you) in Christ. You can be blessed abundantly in wealth and health. You can elevate your relationship with Christ by renewing your mind, body, and spirit to breathing the will of Christ our Savior. This year can be your year of Prosperity. You can now have the complete financial freedom to do, be and have anything and everything you desire that is in God’s will and plan for you. Speak life; remember there is power in the tongue of life and death. There is power within you so speak it with authority.
Many moons ago, I posted How to Make a Small Shirt Bigger with a black under-tee, that was very popular. Hopefully this will help many of you as well. Same idea, different color.
After several weeks, the fortress walls of Crockett’s peace of mind were completely whittled down, & all the eternal frontiersman could think about was how hard it was not to hate his roomie, the incorrigible rattlesnake who possessed, it seemed, a colossus contempt for all critters other than himself.
Breathe in... breathe out... iiiiin... ouuuut....
The same article quoted Abraham as saying, “Obviously Dr. Smith has an intense personal dislike for me. In my opinion, it may stem from a handling of a divorce against him many years ago. However, in light of this personal, intense hatred, I must weigh my legal options at this time.”
Cause I’ll keep trying till you come on home …
Kata dressed and told his wife that a family needed prayer. Then he scurried up the mountain path to the most feared home in the region.
Despite the mockery of the other pages, and the disdain of Prince Caelan who also trains to be a knight, Aislinn commits herself to her dreams and embarks on a journey of self-discovery and bravery. Through the years, Aislinn and Caelan grow from sparring classmates to good friends. They both know that someday Caelan will marry for the sake of the kingdom, but even that cannot keep them from falling in love.
But he added that the “truthfulness and the generic nature” of this argument makes it applicable equally to both Pakatan and BN.
I have created a new blog to support my new venture as a "designer"...
For the rest of us, it looks like it’s time to start waiting for that email that really means “Welcome to Pottermore!”
I ran the Kielder Marathon on Sunday. My finishing time was a bit of a disappointment at 5:23:24 but after the first few miles I knew I wouldn’t be breaking any records. The course is described as “undulating” in the publicity,and the signs around the course saying “Steep Incline” and Steep Decline” weren’t lying. The switchback route zig zagging up a “mountain” at around the 20 mile mark was particularly taxing.
In Part 2 we will look at assessing your current performance, deciding where to improve and putting an action plan into place.
We’ve been having fun for years on Sundays at the Millennium Library but now the day is going to get even better with free activities happening nearly all day every Sunday.
Jorja; I don;t know what misconscrew means and why you have a screw, but you’re being silly.
The resulting pan jello for my daughter's daycare party turned out pretty, although it didn't exactly scream "Easter". Also it wasn't very tall since I only did six layers (instead of the usual seven), plus some of the jello mixture was subtracted to be used in my experiment with the jello eggs.
3) Contest will be open until Thursday morning 9am PST. Winners will be randomly selected on Thursday and announced in all three forums.
Yes, I know we don't need chips
o 1 Like
Serradurra means 'sawdust' in Portuguese.I think this is becasue of the texture of the finely ground biscuits. You really have to powder it very fine to get the real texture for this dessert.Use your mixie for this purpose.I searched high and low on the web for this recipe and they all looked similar and very easy! So I thought of coming up with my own proportions.Adjust the sweetness to your taste.You just cannot go wrong with this dessert.This is one of our favourite desserts and one cannot eat a large quantity because it's rich and heavy.So when you serve, serve it in small portions. I sincerely hope you all try this because it's worth it! :-)
Me: I start laughing and cover up my cheeks...
A while ago I did this ribbon project. I have been trying to come up with decor that is light in weight because I live in major earthquake territory. (Like I am sitting smack dab on top of the San Andreas fault. I think we may invest in a boat in case we really do become an island when that earth starts a shakin.)
I pulled out the Pumpkin Cake Recipe I made last week. I grabbed some chocolate chips, cream cheese and Semi-sweet Bakers Chocolate. I also pulled out the Bundt pan. I was in the mood to pour or drizzle icing, not plump and spread frosting.
As we turned up the road, for the last time,
My experience in first place isn’t first place per se. I learned yesterday that so far out of my colleagues, I’ve earned the most “energy cubes” (points) for the Pierre Lavoie Get Up And Move contest in which our school is participating. But, being somebody who won nothing more than a participation award in these sorts of contests as a kid, I’ll savour this quasi-first place.
I never listened to you anyway
Do share your experience and thoughts about this topic.
Finger Lakes AVA
By Sean Kennedy
What else has Harper done? Taken from numerous resources, including ShitHarperDid.com:
2. Slip stitch around the plastic circle you cut out and do 7 sc around it with grass colored yarn. ( Refer back to my Recycled bag handle to see how to do this.). Do not fasten off.
“But… after what he did…”
Because I'll never let you go.
21 April 2009
Keeping that in mind you can see why he might want to get his thoughts down while they were fresh in his mind. He would never forget – that goes without saying – but he would never again be able to remember with such accuracy. Time protects us like that.
9:00 AM: Snorkel
Just remember the old saying, if you don’t have anything nice to say, don’t say anything at all. It goes a long way and trust me you will be happy in the end with everyone else.
As if I don't already have enough Flourless Chocolate Cake Recipes, my friend Laura-Kate Rurka, mystery writer and fantastic baker, made yet another cake from a different recipe for the Literary Salon the other night for authors Hilary Davidson and Brad Parks. The cake is gluten free, so it was just perfect. Hilary has Celiac Disease and hosts the blog: Gluten-Free Guidebook (on the road with travel journalist Hilary Davidson). Brad Parks, as far as I know doesn't care about gluten, but he did sing for his supper--or in this case, his cake! What a great voice. Be sure and check out both of these mystery authors.
This is from an email said to be by Mark Knoller of CBS.
(more to come once details are finalized tomorrow!)
...any time a student started asking a question beginning with do we have to...?, I’d interrupt, say no, of course not...they’d say really?...and I’d say you’re in college; you don’t have to do anything...I can’t send you to the principal’s office, can’t give you a detention, can’t call your parents, really can’t do anything to you; what you do or don't do is up to you....except the grade, they'd say...and I'd reply but that’s just a description of what you decided you felt like doing...in shorthand...like a haiku...but even shorter...
Tell me one person you know that saw this movie as a kid and didn't have issues going into the water and I'll show you a liar or the next Crocodile hunter. This hell of a movie did more to prompt swimmers to steer clear from the deep end than any other film in movie history. I still have issues being at a reef solo while surfing and if I don't distract myself, I'll start getting all panicky and start seeing suspicious shadows lurking nearby.
There is no future
“To them, you’re just a freak, like me! ” Joker - The Dark Knight (2008)
We scooted our chairs closer together and began to tackle the assigned reading on Forgiveness. There was a passage by Suzanne de Dietrich, a Protestant theologian who had encouraged Brother Roger in his vision:
But today is day 4 in the new house and a big one. Keira started her new school today! I was up so early as we had to get her uniform so we even had a little time for a fashion shoot. This girl was born to model. She's got all the moves. I'm dying to hear how her day went and even daddy was about to get all teary saying goodbye to her in the classroom this morning. She was so brave and happy to head off. Me? Nervous wreck.
*evil laughter*
I don’t even want to criticize plastic surgery because if it makes you feel better, and you can afford it, then that is your choice, and I can’t honestly sit here and say that I’ve never longed for a complete overhaul, but this book is sending a horrible message to young girls. Welcome to a lifetime of hating the way you look. Getting your period doesn’t make you a woman, self-loathing does; at least now we can do something about it.
Dr. Jerome Miller-Vaz, Head of the Open Campus Jamaica Western Division, states that the “the UWI Open Campus has always championed the working adult student through its distinctive practices of accessibility, flexibility, and affordability, all of which allow our students the benefits of working and studying on their own time. With our new presence in Lititz, it brings our locations in Jamaica to 12 centres, with more to come. I am very proud to be a part of the UWI as we continue to offer more learning opportunities to Jamaican and Caribbean communities like Lititz with cutting-edge professional development courses and methods of teaching and learning”.
I tried this primer several different times many different ways. I tried applying with my finger, then waiting a few minutes to make sure it was totally dry before putting shadow on. I tried putting it on with a brush to see if that would work. I also tried setting it with a powder and got the same exact result. At $14 bucks a tube I was going to pull out all of the stops before deeming this product a flop!
The best part about this table setting is I did it all without spending a penny.
In a case against squatters, Judge Harold Brown commented:
729 CARROLL STREET
you do not have life within you.
After a year and a half on the road in support of their debut album, Curses, Vanna returned home to Boston in March where they began writing and demoing new tracks before relocating to Los Angeles in August for a month to record with Evetts.
Okay, so I will just try and kill a couple of birds with one stone...namely this post.
How would you like over $600.00 worth of Senior Portraits & Products from Jay’s Photography at NO COST to you?
I wake up. I see a few hospital staff wheeling in a small boy of 4 years old or so who is moaning in pain and no one I know in sight. My head is killing me and my abdomen is on fire. Where am I? Where is FB? Wait, WHERE IS MY BABY????? I try and get up to no avail and am told by a male nurse something in French but I can't understand...where is my baby??? I say over and over....they say something and leave me alone and I feel I am going to die...did something go terribly wrong?? What happened?
Things have been very scrappy around here lately, haven't they? This particular one started out as a cover for my sewing machine, and ended up as a wall hanging to go above my sewing machine! The majority of the prints came from Elizabeth when I won a giveaway on her blog. She asked which colours I liked, so naturally I loved the selection of charm squares that she cut for me from her own stash.
Show a paper bag and say, “The bag is empty.” Then reach into the bag and pull out ribbons, pictures and a handkerchief. There are really two bags, one inside the other. The inside bag is empty. The objects are under it in the other bag.
The sum of our bar experience: Beer, bourbon, quarters for playing pool, and smokes. KLASSY.
Possibly I haven't phrased that correctly, but a more realistic approach is something I think the industry could get behind. I've often laughed at the notion that more than a pint and a half is 'binge drinking' and the concept of units. The latest suggestion from government advisers isn't laughable either - ditch the daily recommended limits, which handily ignore the simple fact that alcohol affects every single person slightly differently. Instead recommend that people have a couple of dry days a week.
Death etc.
Me, in the closing moments, as Ari leads his people off to fight the Arabs: “And they’ve been fighting for 60 years now, ever since.”
I once tried to ask Nozdormu how this whole time loopy thing could even be possible, and he rambled on at like 90 miles an hour, and just shrugged and said “wibbly wobbly, timey whimy” and looked at me like I just asked why water was wet. So no help there.
The position of the Cape Dutch and English settlers during this conflict also goes to show that these people did not associate themselves with the Boers. Although a few Cape Dutch did take up arms and fight on the side of the Boers, (they became known as the "Cape rebels" for this reason - and they were severely punished if caught) the vast majority of the Cape Dutch and English settlers in the Cape and Natal supported the British colonization of Southern Africa, which then also included today's Botswana, Zimbabwe, Zambia and territories even further north.
You may think social media and elections were made for each other and conventional wisdom is that it is. We hear about Facebook campaigns which helped propel Obama to the Whitehouse and you’d be forgiven for thinking Kirklees politicians, myself included have learnt very little from this but as with many things there’s a lot more to it than that.
Greg Walton: “The protest was very peaceful for high school students and the cuts just need to stop especially if the board is voting themselves raises.
- Gitana, the Creative Diva
The lady doctor looked at me with suspicious eyes and spoke, “There is no website for the study.”
There are people out there who, for one reason or another, enjoy flashing their money around, acting like they are bigger than they really are. These people, often do not have very high self-confidence, although they act as if they do. Often, these people will be seen at bars and clubs, buying drinks for many beautiful women, trying to see which ones will perhaps bother to speak with him, or perhaps even sleep with him. It is a sign of insecurity; trying to buy affection, approval and love, in exchange for money or gifts.
Urban Decay Book Of Shadows Volume 4 Eye Shadow in Zephyr
How and why do you get paid for taking surveys? Surveys are a company’s way of finding out what a consumer desires or needs or how powerful a product is.
Yesterday was their last day here for a while, we squeezed in a few more cups of coffee, important chats, a little site seeing, a little getting lost....... Just enough to leave them excited to return minus the getting lost part. It was a beautiful day, the sky was impossibly blue, the Med a crystal clear turquoise pool, the day was warm but there was enough of a breeze to keep you the perfect temperature.
AMcCC: What, you mean the stuff on my blog?
I really would be working on The Shade Of The Moon Take Three, but it's hard to type when you're wearing a sleep mask. And blowing your nose. And sneezing.
Britain, France, Egypt and some other nations supporting the resolution said it sends a powerful and clear message to the Syrian government.
Broadband is a vital component of daily life today, and if it’s wireless, so much the better. Sky TV customers can now get Sky Base broadband at reasonable rates. It’s free if you’re a Sky Talk customer. Sky broadband is essential if customers just want to do their routine browsing, surfing and want to check their emails on a regular basis.
Considering I am marketing and not sales I feel a little annoyed at having to go along to another sales meeting.
We need to make sure that the client is clear on the intent – awareness, sales, etc. – of any campaign (or project). When the client does not have a clear vision of what they would like to achieve, we don’t know where we should end up.
Like British actor Daniel Hoffman-Gill, who I both follow on twitter
When I was eighteen, I went to Exeter to study Ancient History and Archaeology, then did a Masters in Egyptology at Birmingham. After that I lived in Greece for a year working as a teacher. Teaching was okay, but I wasn't sure it was for me, so I tried a number different careers, hoping one would spark my interest. Unfortunately, nothing else much appealed barring writing. However, I did work as an intern in some publishing houses a few years a ago and would like to work as an editor as well as a writer (if anyone would have me!).
luv u.
I ask you. Which of these approaches to absorbing complex information, analyzing data and making decisions makes the most sense as an approach for solving societies problems?
Burt Wilson: I thought you said if we destroyed the brain, it'd die?
Clix Vodka, distilled from rye, corn, wheat and malted barley, 40% abv ($300)
The response is to be three pages long, single-spaced, according to an unnamed lawyer who was in the courtroom.
1. Bare Bones has a great sense of style, which is why I follow there fashion blog. I love a good esthetic! Plenty of great, well curated pics all the time.
At six foot and fifteen years old, Laurence Roach isn’t your average teenage boy. From pretending to be his dead father to dressing up as his Mum, Laurence will do just about anything to protect his little brother Jay, who mostly just wants to be Scooby Doo. When one night, their Mum doesn’t come home Laurence hopes he can fool everyone until she comes back, but when food and money runs out how far can he go?
Alexander Payne (Election)
The design of this device is slick as could be and the voice quality is quite impressive…even while driving about 65+ miles per hour on a highway with the air conditioning running…(yes its been hot in NY/NJ). I made quite a few test calls and specifically asked the party on the other line about noise and quality…they said, and I quote, “You are in a CAR?”. The speaker is quite loud and can be adjusted to your liking with a volume rocker panel on the right hand side of the device.
I didn’t find a way to make money but I did think of some practical things I could do to help reduce our living expenses. We trimmed our budget down to bare essentials. I worked out ways to cut costs everywhere. And I worked out how to ration our food. I went through the fridge, freezer and pantry and made a list of everything. I worked out we could eat for about three weeks without shopping except for some fresh items for our daughter. After our food ran out, I had no idea what we would do.
CORRUPTION
“I hate this place, I hate our friends, I hate this town,” Betty Draper informs her husband in Souvenir (S3, E8) after an idyllic trip to Rome. Why is Betty Draper so miserable? She lives a charmed life as the wife of Sterling Cooper’s most promising advertising executive. She had an affluent childhood; attended Bryn Mawr; where she majored in anthropology; she had a brief career as a model; she is well-read and speaks fluent Italian. She lives comfortably in a beautiful upstate suburb, where she is a housewife raising three young children.
being influenced by their communist partners of China, but fails to convince anyone. China stands to gain more from nationalisation than anyone else. They could work the mines for the regime by giving employed people more work, while they China get what they want, the minerals they so desire. And in the process what happens to the Marxist-Leninist ANC? THEY GET
16.- 24HourMC Verse
Let me know if you have any questions – I’ll be happy to answer them!
Some of my stuff I love, like the back patio, but the rest of it could all be dropped off at Goodwill and I would never miss it.
Move It! by The 99ers
♦ 3) Canon EOS T-Mount Adapter
The Dauphin was the name given to the heir to the French throne. Which Dauphin lost both his parents to the guillotine during the French revolution? Christian name and number please!
I discovered the following in my Bible notes regarding James 1:14-15, which I thought I would share it in closing.
gonna pop another baby--
When I looked at my dreams, settled on my plans and was cautioned by my reality the branches now took a hold of my heart and anger bloomed.
Money Remaining: $309,000
8pm and just out of bed.
turn off heat and add parmesan and eggs, one at a time, once it cools
Early spring.
Did you know that you’re required to give your boarding customers notice of how vet care treatment works while your customers’ companion animals are in your care? And that failure to give the right notice is a Class Three Misdemeanor, punishable by up to a $500 fine?
if you can buy organic, grass-fed beef i would highly recommend doing so. oh, and the bottle of red wine i bought? probably not a "good" one. it was $4 at the suggestion of the guy at whole foods. and it was perfect. ps: i didn't marinate the beef overnight. it was only in there for a few hours. still: perfect.
REAGAN: Yes, it’s me, the Great Communicator, the guy who transformed politics in America, so they say. What the hell do I know, I just read the lines. So, they elected a black guy President, huh? Americans’ll do the craziest things!
If you qualify, go on reading my short review of Slicethepie. There are several things, which make this website unique and profitable – firstly you get money for doing things you like (pick the genres you like, listen to the music and get paid for leaving your thoughts about songs you listen to), secondly, it is totally free to join and you can work whenever you like, there is no distinct number of tracks you have to rate or listen to every day and finally, Slicethepie works with real world investors and gives you the opportunity to invest money into the bands you liked or consider to have high potential of future success.
For someone who is used to dealing with predatory animals and is the Alpha Dawg in the house, learning to be part of the Herd will be interesting...
Dear representative,
It’s one thing to analyze and study a situation. It’s another to be a part of the problem, with no desire to be a part of the solution. What’s scary is that it’s such an easy trap to fall into. So many people are not builders, they are critics. Consumers. They feel the right to criticize God’s servants from a distance without understanding the context or the person’s heart and motives. And when things don’t meet their approval, they move to the next place and next group of people and begin critiquing all over again.
This year, I’ll be debuting several new and reformulated products and giving folks a peek at what is to come from Neos. I thought I would show my readers a few of the products I’ve been diligently working on and share a list of the majority of our product line up for the show. Can I get a Woot! Woot!
I knew I wanted a bayou setting--a special climate where fairies have lived amongst us unnoticed until chemical spills caused their mutation and growth. I also wanted a small Louisiana town near several real life chemical plants. I found Donaldsonville via google and my husband and I drove down there for a three day research trip (during which I took the pictures used in the DEAD ON THE DELTA book trailer). It was a very enlightening three days.
Congratulations to all of our winners, our Top 3 Badge can be found on the tab above called "Winner/Top 3 Banners" other wise all of our prizes can be claimed by emailing me at Inky.Impressions@hotmail.com!
And gives us wings
In my previous post about the Thames Path, I gave the impression that we had now filled in all the bits that we had not walked between Henley and Windsor. This was not strictly true, as there is a small stretch at Cookham that we'd never walked. The reason is probably that the path doesn't actually follow the Thames at this point, but deviates around some private land and through the village of Cookham. Cookham is well known as being the home of the artist Sir Stanley Spencer. There is a gallery there displaying many of his works, amongst which Cookham features prominantly. The gallery is celebrating it's 50th anniversary this year.
Prepare to spend at least 300 hours planning, writing and editing.
The deep brown eyes still held the nights passion but the rest of her face had failed to catch it.
Wishing all of you - readers, writers, whatever you may be - a very happy, healthy, prosperous and successful New Year.
Round and round drama every time
Dr Hatta stressed PR is trying to find a middle ground in order to sustain the Pakatan coalition, to face new challenges cropping up everyday, “the path ahead is rocky and full of traps and hidden landmines as BN will always try to hinder and hamper us and the Perak power-grab is a case in point.”
“Well I hope you like it, I was experimenting in the kitchen today!” she replied with a big smile, kissing him on the lips as he handed her the bottle and flowers.
“The only good lizard is a dead lizard,” he said.
10.black death
Guess we can all dream, now time for a video, a video that you wouldn’t have predicted at all, nonetheless it’s still really good, enjoy!
Of course we haven't arranged prior permission to do so. But hey, it's a technical stop. That's like a Get Out of Jail Free card, isn't it? Right? Guys?!?
that you may fear the LORD your God, to keep all His statutes and His commandments which I command you, you and your son and your grandson, all the days of your life, and that your days may be prolonged.
Jesse Reid ... Ted Hope
with bit of rock and roll let us sing
Rev 2:4-5 (NIV) “Yet I hold this against you: You have forsaken your first love… Repent and do the things you did at first. If you do not repent, I will come to you and remove your lampstand from its place.”
Sadly, I know his pink time is limited. Because I’ve watched the world constrict for my older two as they’ve grown, even from the haven of our open-minded unschooling homeschool. I’ve watched how at a certain age, my children start noticing sideways glances and embarrassed giggles from relatives and friends when they announce their favorite color, or show off the lipstick they’ve happily applied to their lips. They start to see the raised eyebrows from store employees when they run joyfully down the pink toy aisle. They start to hear the whispered comments. And so, when some other, slightly older and significantly more jaded male child looks down his nose at them and sniffs with utter contempt, “You don’t like PINK, do you? PINK is for GIRLS…” Well, when that happens, they are primed and that is the moment when their world shrinks.
To stay awake~
Vest (Esprit), blouse (Esprit), skirt (Nygard Collection, consignment), hose (Hue), shoes (JLo), necklace (gift from Caro), crystal stud earrings
Regardless of their countless honors, there is something that Hodad's offers that can only be experienced. It has a one-of-a-kind surf-punk, beach bum vibe. "No shirt, no shoes, no problem" doesn't even begin to describe it.
The irony of me bringing up this subject is I am not a math or economics person. I should not be the person bringing this up. At all. But since no math or economic persons are stepping up to the plate? I have to do it.
L: Chicken Nuggets & Fruit
It features the talents of Tawiah; who has so much potential to make it big soon (because she’s awesome.) It also features a full choir which adds a new twist to the song from Ghostpoets “Peanut Butter Blues and Melancholy Jam” album.
After creating the series in Military Comics #1, Cole returned to the series in March, 1944 with Military #27. Now the stories were four pages in length, instead of six. In all, Cole did 8 DEATH PATROL stories, in Military Comics #1, 2, 3, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31.
“Lord Jesus, you are the Good Shepherd who secures what is best for us. In you I place all my hope and trust. Open my ears to hear your voice and follow your commands.”
The story of the early Mormon settlers in Mexico, who fled the threat of arrest in the United States for practicing polygamy, is embodied by Mitt Romney’s great-grandfather Miles P. Romney, who crossed south of the border in the late 1880s.
You need to listen to the interview to hear Liz's answer, but here's mine: My country would be called Skeinland. The country would be one big farm somewhere that would have an abundance of sheep, yaks, goats, alpacas, bunnies and maybe some silkworms who would all get along and the climate would magically accommodate all of them. We would have plenty of wonderful people there to care for the animals, so us knitters could do what we love best... knit! We'd probably need to invite some indie dyers over too!
Make sure you get some sleep. Getting adequate sleep does not cause laziness; but over sleeping does. Never feel guilty laying back or sleeping as long as it is not excessive you’re doing what’s natural to stay healthy. Get regular sleep to keep you recharged daily.
And there are times when we would exchange banters.
At the time of the Live Aid appeal in 1984, the population of Ethiopia was 42 million, it is now almost 81 million and projected to reach 145 million by 2050, and that is all Ethiopians (there is not much immigration into Ethiopia).
Over the years I've run into a number of "colleagues" that are jaded as the day is long. Why? They've lost their passion. I refuse to let myself become jaded. Hell, I still get giddy when -- no matter how big or small -- someone asks to profile me, or use one of my quotes, or tells me that I'm "relevant," or that my blog has made it onto a "best of" list... as was the case yesterday when the folks at the Culinary School Guide informed me that this lil blog o' mine made it onto their 100 Best Beer and Wine Blogs. All that stuff is not only very humbling, but -- even more than the money -- validates every single letter I've ever written.
Just because people haven’t been there for you, just because certain people haven’t been able to show love for you in ways that worked, just because relationships have failed or gone sour does not mean that you’re unlovable.
100g caster sugar
We’ll have lots of fun with mister snowman,
And Islam’s views haven’t changed much. A map of the Middle East currently on his website doesn’t recognize Israel. There is only “Holyland” on his Map of Hate. In 2004, Islam told ABC News’ Elizabeth Vargas that he supports HAMAS.
“OK, that’s it. It’s OK, girl. It’s over.”
It's been an interesting week full of ups and downs. We fought the battle of the head lice and I quite believe we won. Phoebe's head is looking like there's nothing there and the house has never been cleaner. I know from some things I read online they said not to concentrate on house cleaning as much as the individual, but I think anyone that's been affected before will agree, that you feel that you want to clean the person as well as the house. It just makes you feel like you have less concerns of it coming back.
Back to reality today after a lovely 3-day weekend. And what better way to start the morning than with chocolate for breakfast? Bridget of The Way the Cookie Crumbles selected chocolate-chocolate chunk muffins for this week's Tuesdays with Dorie. The muffins in Dorie's book have been some of my favorite recipes, and these were no exception. Tender and fluffy with lots of chocolate flavor, but not overly sweet, they were a delicious breakfast treat. If you're not the kind of person who enjoys chocolate for breakfast, no worries, the muffins would be equally as good for dessert.
Two months ago, on February 1, 2012, it felt like it was the first day of the rest of my life; a cliché but an accurate sentiment of how I felt on that day. It was the first day that I was completely unemployed (in a paid position) for the first time in nine years. While the decision to close my business of nine years and offer my notice to a small paid position at my church was both saddening and uplifting at the same time, the physical steps that were required to execute that plan were gut wrenching and frightening.
Another card challenge and tutorial is uploaded to the All about cards thread.
* Parks and Recreation Workers
Years later, another of Bender’s young patients who became overly aggressive after about 20 treatments, now grown, was convicted in court as a “multiple murderer.” Others, in adulthood, reportedly were in and of trouble and prison for a battery of petty and violent crimes. A 1954 scientific study of about 50 of Bender’s young electroshock patients, conducted by two psychologists, found that nearly all were worse off after the “therapy” and that some had become suicidal after treatment. One of the children studied in 1954 was the son of well-known writer Jacqueline Susann, author of the bestselling novel “Valley of the Dolls.” Susann’s son, Guy, was diagnosed with autism shortly after birth and, when he was three years old, Dr. Bender convinced Susann and her husband that Guy could be successfully treated with electroshock therapy. Guy returned home from Bender’s care a nearly lifeless child. Susann later told people that Bender had “destroyed” her son. Guy has been confined to institutions since his treatment.
And it exploded when President Obama rejected the Keystone Pipeline.
her carapase ignites & dissapates
For the sake of the reader’s convenience, Nietzsche does sum up the essential signs of nobility: “never thinking of degrading our duties into duties of everybody; not wanting to delegate, to share, one’s own responsibility; counting one’s privileges and their exercise among one’s duties.”[12] The first sign reiterates the position how the noble man occupies a select realm as the value-creator, a role which if passed to the lowly herd will lead to a degradation of moral values (a degradation that has already occurred according to Nietzsche, and we are living in the remnants of the decay). The second sign attests to the noble man’s unwillingness to universalize his duties as the value-creator to anyone else, because by virtue of his very existence—his drive to act—he is incapable of delegating away such responsibilities. The third sign of nobility Nietzsche lists will be the hardest to hear for many contemporary readers. It states that the privileges and excess enjoyed by the noble man are a necessary part of his duties, and therefore belong to him alone; he is under no obligation to share them with those outside his rank, and (taken in with the other two signs) he will not even consider it as an option. This sounds rather harsh as it seemingly violates everything we today believe about the efficacy of humanitarianism. But Nietzsche would most likely dismiss this sentiment as pathetic on account that we perform them not as a means of aided those we see as out equals, but strictly to alleviate the guilt we feel for those we know to be our social inferiors (even if we won’t admit it aloud). The noble man does not bother himself with such patronizing squeamishness, because he understands that, “his characteristic high-grade graciousness toward his fellow men becomes possible only once he has attained his height and rules.”[13] To many this is a bold statement, and having explained Nietzsche’s position already, I’ll move on and leave it to the individual reader to decide where they stand on the issue.
Reassessment starts with students filling out a Google form, stating when they want to take it and which chapters they need reassessments for. When they submit the form all of the data is dumped into a Google spreadsheet that tells me at a glance which reassessments I need ready for any given day. Students must sign up at least 48 hours prior to the date of reassessment so I have time to write a new reassessment if I need to.
Oxford stood, as has been said, for Church and King, and in this relation had famous memories. It contributed the ground-tone for the religious convictions and activities of the nation. Canon Overton, who has probably studied more deeply and thoroughly than any one else the history of the Non-Jurors, has shown us how powerful was the influence of the Non-Juring school of religious feeling both in England, and also still more perhaps in Scotland, during the greater part of the eighteenth century; and that by certain sections of the non-Jurors a separate clerical organisation, though of necessity loose and hard to keep alive, was maintained till the later years of the century. There was even a distinct line of Non-Juring bishops preserved for many years by voluntary zeal and sectarian feeling. The influence of this old Anglo-Catholic school of religious opinion has indeed as I shall try to show, never quite died out, and did undoubtedly help to gain for the Oxford High-Anglican movement, initiated sixty years ago, a favourable entrance into the University, during that introductory period of its history, especially, when it seemed to wear the aspect, not of advance to Rome, but of return to the ideals of such good men as Bishop Ken and Mr. Nelson, the saints whose memory and life fascinated the regard of several of the early Methodists at Oxford.
Now they have potrayed , or rather snipped videos and showed the world this picture :
Johannes Gutenberg lives on, in name at least. His place in the next few hundred years of history commemorated by Project Gutenberg, the online resource that aims to digitise and curate important literature and provide it online, free in a simple format. Its guiding tenet is "Replicator Technology". The concept of Replicator Technology is simple; once a book or any other item (including pictures, sounds, and even 3-D items) is stored in a computer, then any number of copies can and will be available. Easy peasy to understand now of course, but way back In 1971 it sounded like Voodoo.
Hat: With Brown WW.
If you have read this, please PM Katrina or Lean and they will send you the username and password for this WordPress account. If you have questions, clarifications, suggestions, extremely violent reactions, or long letters expressing sadness over the new light peer pressure has taken, then you may also PM them or post it on our Facebook group page.
O heaven!
Another member of the Liberal Party, Jens Rohde, suggested they move their company’s main seat to Teheran.
Over 80% of American homes built before 1978 have lead-based paint in them, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). The older the home, the more likely it is to contain lead paint, and the higher the concentration of lead in the paint is apt to be. Some homes also have lead in the water pipes or plumbing.
We may get yelled at by someone who wants to call us intolerant if we make a statement against a moral issue…racists if we simply disagree with someone out side our race or our belief system… but … all in all … most of what is lost is a few tears or maybe some self-esteem. Except on those rare occasions do we lose our lives… or well-being. We are still … functional….
*The space at 18th and Cherry is now the Public House, and it looks reassuringly like the old Dock Street -- minus the brewery, of course, and the big backbar mural -- while offering a decent selection of taps. I did stop in on the way back to the train, and sank a quick, well-kept pint of Yards IPA. It was good to be back at that long bar; really good, actually. Great memories at Dock Street, and I missed the place.
This nasty old thing is the rug that's been sitting under my dining room table for almost 5 years now. As you can see, it's positively DISGUSTING. It embarrasses me to no end. So what do I do when something embarasses me? Put it on the internet for the whole world to see, of course. Well, at least when it has a happy ending I do. I'll just take solice in the fact that I if I did a pop-in to your place right this second, I'm sure there would be something you would want to hide from me. Right? 'Fess up.
How do you react when something unpleasant happens?
*Tarpaulin backdrop (5x6ft. size) with use of tarpaulin stand
“If you uproot them from one particular place today, tomorrow, they move to another place, so, it is a very difficult battle to prosecute but with the cooperation of members of the public, we shall succeed.”
22But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, 23gentleness and self-control. Against such things there is no law. 24Those who belong to Christ Jesus have crucified the sinful nature with its passions and desires. 25Since we live by the Spirit, let us keep in step with the Spirit. 26Let us not become conceited, provoking and envying each other.
And a piece of unasked-for advice: Skinny dip at night. Feel a guy up under the restaurant table. By all means, sit in the back row of the movie theater and make out during terrible movies, and learn how to unzip a zipper quietly. Put a big blanket down on the sand before you start getting crazy at the beach. Sand in sensitive areas is no fun. And above all, give as good as you get. Especially if you're sleeping with me.
I've trumpeted it in various places - in one of my 'Dear Mr Gove' letters in the Guardian, at the Children's Laureate meeting with the Schools Minister, Nick Gibb and of course here.
It's a very humbling experience to have people serve you. When I feel awkward I know that it is my pride. I don't know if it gets easier. I hope it does.
A new jailbreak tweak adds push notifications to the popular iPhone email app called Sparrow. We’ve already shown you a roundabout way to get push for Sparrow with the Boxcar app on a non-jailbroken iPhone, but you can now easily enable notifications with a Cydia tweak called Sparrow Push.
One day soon we will go for dinner, a restaurant full of active waiters keen to please and impress. I will draw her chair from the table and sweep her with a flourish to the edge. There will be linen napkins, petals and silver spoons. I will see her through the soft flickered light where sensual shadows breathe. I will see her lips on crystal ware, swimming with promise and the majesty of deep valleyed wine. A meal will be served, elegant yet simple on white clean plates. Bread we will break by hand, fresh crust flaking.
'Did you hear that woman crying?' I asked.
I started with a color palette that I knew would complement my niece's nursery.....the hope was that the piece would turn out nice enough to hang there!
Okay, so that's a slightly profound way of saying I already have a three week break from my course. And how did I decide to kick it off?
How keen is my hearing? Do I hear the tiniest whisper of the Spirit? That voice is not a voice of thunder. It is gentle and easy to ignore. “The one thing that keeps the conscience sensitive to Him is the continual habit of being open to God on the inside.” If there is any question at all, there should be no debate. The conscience is speaking. The inner vision must remain clear.
Amazing stuff! I'm delighted that something of this quality is being done in my hometown, designed for real lovers of cinema and not all about trying to rip off the punters too. It sounds like a real treat, and I certainly hope to get along to a few bits (babysitter permitting!).
You may begin this journey of self-discovery with an identifiable loss, or you may discover hidden losses that you have never stopped to consider.
And they called to Lot and said to him, “Where are the men who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us, and let us be intimate with them.”
several dashes of tamari
And in Syria, reports have been coming in for some time (unreported, for the most part, by the mainstream media) that U.S. Special Forces are already on the ground and actively seeking the destabilization of the Assad regime.
The Covers of the Mini Albums for Piper and Willow. I will start Tucker and Meadow's when I finish Piper and Willow's books.
“Ummm, welllll, I kinda left my new Coat ($50 Costco coat) at the restaurant…on accident, so I guess (Hand now totally covering an eating crap kinda grin)…I will have to wear my Buzz and Woody Sweatshirt.”
I received an email the other day from someone I know to be far more educated than I am, which ended "It must of been done by mistake."
As soon as I first entered Women’s House I was swept away by the sacred feminine energy which is imprinted in the walls, nooks and crannies of the lowset Queenslander. I immediately felt welcomed and enveloped by the strange healing forces that permeated in that old house and I knew that this old house had never met a woman’s story that was not sacred.
Clea Raymond lives an extraordinary life. The daughter of renowned surgeon and a prominent Washington DC figure, she has been in the spotlight her entire life. Followed by the paparazzi, she resents the attention that is lavished on her for her looks alone because she has so much more to offer.p
In Repulsion (1965), Catherine Deneuve was asked, “Have you fallen asleep?” In Frantic, the hero’s wife repeatedly asks him, “Do you know where you are?” He does not. As we later shall see, he never really does find out where he is, for this is a film in which the most beautiful city in the world can feel more like a hedge maze, and in which the most innocent of Americans can be reduced to the crankiest and most paranoid of Yankee tourists.
Weaknesses: Short armed player so opponents can get into his body. Susceptible to swim moves because of it. Has trouble with speed rushers that possess an array of moves. Doesn’t have great movement off at the snap.
15 us
Lesson 4: Listen to your body. I foolishly attempted to jog a second time after having my calves scream at me on the first attempt and they responded even quicker, this time threatening to drop me to the ground if I didn’t smarten up.
Still haven't gotten around to adding garlands or anything.
Ere the world wastes,
This little sweetheart seems to be taking up lots of my time! I found that she is just impossible to put down! Seriously, I could just sit and hold her all day everyday!
When you worry and hurry through your day, it is like an unopened gift….Thrown away….. Life is not a race. Take it slower. Hear the music before the song is over
Le Batard: ”But Chal, pal, your team had a 26-game winning streak this year, the nation’s longest, and…”
It's a good thing marshmallows are cheap.
“As long as it is day, we must do the work of him who sent me. Night is coming, when no one can work. While I am in the world, I am the Light (nur) of the world.” John 9:4-5
ou’ve commented that Richie and Eddie are the only two characters you can play and you’ve been playing them since the ’70s. Are they good to return to when you’ve both been off doing your individual projects?
prior to 4 weeks ago, i had never released a book before. never taught before. never given a speech before. never booked a ticket to italy to teach before. never agreed to more 2009 teaching and speaking before. never missed my husband so much before. never wished for a real home and stability so much before. never knew i could do it before. never knew of my capability and strength inside a heart of tender, tender spots before. i'm learning and leaning into it all...
If you think you are connected to someone who fits the bill or if you think you're that someone, please let me know. I'm always looking for the input of others to make this the organization everything I know it can be.
2 egg yolks, beaten to blend(glaze)
The most recent award won by Fyne Ales for Jarl was 'Beer of the Year' as voted by the Glasgow Camra branch and as a member of that branch I headed up to Loch Fyne with 18 other hardy souls, enduring the horrid autumnal rain showers, to present the trophy to Tuggy, Wil and Charlie from the brewery.
So, I took matters into my own hands and called the Zeiss North American Headquarters in Virginia. I explained my plight to an understanding (if slightly baffled) customer service representative who assured me that he would do everything in his powers to send me a Premium lens cleaning cloth as soon as possible and in the event that such a package could not be sent to Canada (?) he would talk to his supervisor and they would resolve the issue. I took the opportunity to tell him that I was a novice birder and that these new binoculars and, by extension, this cleaning cloth were about to catapult me into the ranks of a not-so-novice birder. The fellow on the other end of the phone listened to my delirious ramblings patiently and told me I need not fear and I wouldn’t be disappointed with my new purchase.
“The Caton team has helped me find my perfect condo within a month of looking! And then later found me great tenants to rent it out. They work quickly and are very professional. Plus, these are just a pair of wonderful women to be around. They are very trustworthy and have their Clients’ best interest in mind. I will be using them again for all my real estate needs, and I recommend them to everyone else! Thank you so much!”
So while I’m trying to be all like “psh, whatever. Still sucks that I have to jump through yet another hoop while I’ve already put in more work than most people and I should be further along,” I can’t help but feel a little excited and inspired. Instead of being like F-M-L, I feel the urge to step my game up, put my big girl panties on, and do. work.
Point to Ponder: If you were suddenly rendered unable to speak anything except one word, would you prefer your one utterance to be yes or no?
Yesterday, the UFO reappeared — in the saucy British tabloid The Sun, renewing interest in the night lights over northeastern China. Accompanying a photo, The Sun wrote that a "major" airport "was forced to shut down to prevent packed passenger jets crashing into a UFO." Without citing a source, the paper described the object as, quote, "flat and tubular" (a seeming oxymoron ) and wrote that it "hovered two miles from Bootee" (its transliteration of Baotou). "Astonished officials say it then zoomed in to circle the airport before suddenly vanishing," according to The Sun.
A well-paved road stretches along the whole coastline and a public bus traverses the route several times a day. We used to drive around but the more adventurous can also rent a mountain bike from the hotel and cycle to any desired destination in the island. I once joined a 7-kilometer fun run joined by school kids and, although I shamelessly walked half of the distance just taking pictures, I felt proud having walked almost halfway around a country.
“You know, this will be a lot easier if you tell me where we’re going,” he finishes his food and crumples up the paper.
By writing about my growing list of age related restrictions, I hope I’m being philosophical and not whinny. At 60, I’m only getting a hint at what it means to be really old, so I think I need to psychologically prepare myself for being a decrepit old dude that can’t remember shit.
Ink: Clearsnap (Pigment: lime, antique pewter & Donna Salazar Mixed Media: chiffon) & Tsukineko (Versafine: onyx black)
It is easy, in this moment,
I can’t believe I’m saying this considering my own resistance to home ec, but in our contemporary food culture, teaching kids to cook could be one of the most radical moves of all.
1 can of stewed pork ( cut into smaller pieces )
King Solomon (in his office): Oh God, I asked you for the gift of wisdom and this is the case you give me to test your gift. How on earth or in heaven can I resolve this case? Where is your wisdom now? How can we prove who is the rightful mother of this child? (He was quiet, pondering and listening, for a while.) Oh, thank you God, for such wisdom! I think now I know how to determine who the real mother is, and who is the liar! I’ll go out to the squabbling women and settle this now.
Kathleen also sent me a couple of photos as well, and some notes, the photos she took are at the top and bottom of this post. I was very taken with what she said about what she observed in the opening weekend with Lizzy and her iPad.
In our homeschool this week…we learned more about Julius and Augustus Caesar. The kids learned what “crossing the Rubicon” means, and “veni, vidi, vici” among other things. Cole enjoys the book “Augustus Caesar’s World” very much, and he is on the second page of a typed narration about what he has read so far. Sydni has begun reading a few of her own history chapters from SOTW (and narrating beautifully!). Zoey has moved into her second first grade reading primer and memorizing math facts like a champ. I feel good about our spring studies, and I think we will accomplish a lot over the summer.
Q: Fernando, the first win of the season for you and Ferrari. You were gifted the lead by Red Bull but do you feel you forced the mistake today?
Yes. Lower.
“The violence hit real close to home when my wife Abby’s uncle was murdered because he refused to cooperate with the Zetas.”
It was beautiful and there’s nothing wrong with dreaming of all that you want, but waiting for it to happen right there is not always the solution. I was missing the Golden rule of manifestation here, I was using the Law of Attraction by thinking and feeling what I wanted. I was doing it the best way I can and it was likely that I was attracting that energy of success and abundance.
The last wall surrounding Paris was the enceinte de Thiers, constructed in the mid 19th century. A piece of that wall (pictured above) can still be found in the Parc de Bercy in the 12th arrondissement. The gardens themselves are contemporary and stylish but these rough stones are a vivid reminder of earlier and perhaps more palpably dangerous times.
Gute Träume Sticke Kölschbier (version #7)
I took whisper wht paper and stamp a leaf backgd with clear ink than did a wht emboss pwd and heated it. Once dry I inked the red rose all over the leaf pattern and love the way it looks really makes the white embossed image pop.
“People who are working 12 mos. a yr. for lousy wages with no benefits don’t understand why a teacher makes twice their wage and works 6 mos. and gets full health benefits and after 20 yrs. a nice cozy pension.”
ANDREW: Am not.
Doctor 2: I would perform the abortion.
On the Dean Martin Show. Look at Sammy’s pants! Did we all like that back then?
To give you a bit of background and the chance to make up your own mind here’s the story.
Over the next few days, I had many moments that are part of who I am today. Those moments will be put in this blog, when it’s their time.
Father?
I stayed relaxed on the table for a while as SwingBot lay back on the bed and BG sucked his cock. Between feeling a bit like human putty and enjoying the sight, I took a while to join them. When I did, I straddled SwingBot’s face and enjoyed his magnificent tongue work between my legs. I leaned over his body and joined BG in sucking SwingBot’s cock. Sometimes we swapped it between our mouths and sometimes we shared it between us. Eventually, BG stood and rubbed his cock against SwingBot’s; I sucked and licked at both at once, all the while still enjoying SwingBot’s mouth on my cunt.
He admitted lending out cash from his "extraordinary" benefits package-which saw him receive a staggering £78,000 in just six years.
It was funny in England, the "freeway" would often turn into a residential area, and then sometimes even a dirt road.
I awoke this morning with a cheerful heart!
And if you feel like a little more Frenchness in your day, I highly recommend a peak at...
Sudden movement pulled her out of her daydreams, she looked over and watched him as he reached for something on his out tray then got up to walk to the photocopier, and she caught a glimpse of his side profile. The aquiline nose, full bottom lip and lashes that were so long they made her jealous. It was brilliant, as he walked to the copy machine she caught a glimpse of his bum, tight and round. High cheeks that looked like they enjoyed a good spanking! Her palms itched at the thought and she rubbed them against her thighs pushing her skirt up past her knees. She wasn’t wearing tights today as the weather had been quite warm this week so her legs were bare underneath her linen white skirt. Sweat trickled between her thighs making the skin damp and clutch together. She wanted to stand up and let some air between her legs, cool her down as the sight of him was making her so hot.
Three weeks after the Pine to Palm 100-mile in September I ran the Tantalus 10-mile road race in Honolulu which was just a blast and merciful in it's shortness. The high I felt during and after that race is the same high I'm getting with these sub-50k trail races. The shorter stuff has really re-invigorated my running. It feels like March when I am gearing up for the season. I should be going longer if I want to do well in the Quad but since I'm only looking for a graceful finish these runs should be fine. I think they are short considering that the Quad is 28.5 miles and quite hilly but I'm hoping the intensity that I've been running these races will make up for the lack of distance. I'll find out come Thanksgiving weekend. I'm certainly happier with the shorter runs and in the end that counts for a lot.
There is just so much left unanswered. I'm sure I'm not the only one that would like to see Derek reunited with his father and brothers in a sequel. Is that too much to ask? Am I asking too many questions?
We think the original of this bathing suit was in red but with the Technicolor issues it was orange in the film. (That is why women couldn’t wear red lipstick in Technicolor films- it would show up on film as orange or brown).
1. Join your genre's professional organization if there is one, so that you can get constant market updates
Synedoche, New York
Freedom….
I have found that the rosettes are best held together with hot glue. To do this simply hold down the center, fill with glue and let cool.
All photos must be in compliance with the Contest Rules. PAWS reserves the right to remove photos at any time that are not in compliance with the Contest Rules. We have the following limits on subject matter:
Things were moving along at a steady pace. I became friends with other beer bloggers and carved out my little piece in the beer world. We all wrote and shared ideas and opinions. It's been great fun. Eventually, my readership was growing at a pace I never thought it would. Each month, more stopped by than the month before.
Now, let's see your beautiful tribute to Mom! If you want to share it at SUO Challenges, please be sure that ONLY Stampin' Up! products are used. That includes punches and dies, as well as stamps and cardstock. If SU didn't make it, please don't use it on your submission!
I’ll share the last two waterfalls in a later post.
Keeping it relatively light this week. Most of my week has been consumed with finishing A Discovery of Witches for my book club meeting next week. I was a little worried that I wouldn't be able to finish the 600 page behemoth of a book with only 10 days til the meeting. Luckily I really like the book and zoomed through most of it last weekend. I only have about 7% left to go.
Every person who drives with their headlights on during the day.
in dancing, fencing, boxing; he should be instructed
If you've graduated college, you'll likely enjoy this. If you have a graduate degree, you'll REALLY enjoy this. If you don't have an education, I'll silently judge you, then go take a shit and think that someone like you will have to deal with my shit some day. Then fist-bump myself for being so clever.
This is shaping up to be the year of the Belgian strong ale. Max Tieger opened his new brewpub with Farmer's Daughter, one example. Double Mountain came out of the gate with a combo IPA and Belgian strong (IRA). And Deschutes' first foray into Belgians led them to brew a strong golden. It's a welcome change in direction for Oregon breweries, which have been dominated by big English-inspired ales, and I hope represents further maturation of brewing culture here.
JYOTI STRUCTURES LIMITED Appointment of Director
1 can kidney beans
I'm not feeling quite as "hormonal" anymore but definitely still get the waterworks going a little bit now and then. The other day I went out to run a quick errand while I left Anu at home with DH, and it was weird realizing that was the first time I was driving without Anu with me. Without him hearing me sing along to the radio (or yell at other drivers on the road). It's so weird that even though I get to see him and hold him in my arms now, I miss feeling him get his groove on whenever I'd listen to Erykah.Badu or kicking me in the ribs whenever I'd eat ice cream.
Benedict’s character comes alive within his story and you find out more as he is an accomplished painter.
A. Regarding the term “ban”
Although hardly an unknown author, Leigh Brackett doesn’t even rate a mention in several standard crime and mystery textbooks: you won’t find her listed in Julian Symons’ Bloody Murder, the Oxford Companion to Crime and Mystery Writing or even Bruce F. Murphy’s Encyclopedia of Murder and Mystery for instance. This is probably because most of her output was devoted either to screenwriting or in the science fiction genre. She did however write five crime novels and those in the know, like Bill Pronzini in 1001 Midnights, consider The Tiger Among Us to be the best of her few excursions into the genre. It is a story of vigilantes or juvenile delinquency; or both; or neither, depending on your point of view. The protagonist, Walter Sherrin, is a shining poster boy for 1950s Eisenhower America: he’s white, middle class, has a nice little home in the Ohio suburb of Mall’s Ford, a car that is nearly paid for, is married to a very pretty wife he loves and they are rearing two young children. But the seeming comfort of this conformity is soon to be shattered when, working late and heading out to buy coffee, he is set upon by a gang of teenagers. Badly beaten, he spends nine days in a coma and only just pulls through. When he awakens, his sense of self slowly begins to erode. No one has been caught and he never even got a good look at the boys that assaulted him, though he knows that the ring leader was called ‘Chuck’. Beyond that, he finds his private life in a real mess. His wife has left the city after receiving a threatening message from the gang. Is this enough to solve my case of reader’s block, you may ask?
It's very hard to be bipolar and not know that you are. Because you blame yourself for things that are not actually in your control. You know that you are different than other people but you don't know why. Many people are angry when they find out. I was relieved because I finally understood what had been wrong all these years and I was given hope that things could improve. The only thing that I was angry about was that no-one helped me a long time ago because I certainly did seek help....many times.
Going forward this blog will stand as a testament to the transformation and evolution taking place in my life; both my personal life and my professional life will be changing and growing in wonderful ways…I have faith. With that in mind, the name has changed to Avolli Anew, a fitting title to reflect the new direction of the blog content and the ‘new me’. To those who have followed Avolli in the past, thank you for your loyalty, for your patience, and for your kindness! To those of you are who are new, welcome! To
Last week, the Church of Scotland General Assembly voted to consider the possible theological, ecclesiological and legal implications of moving away from this position towards allowing non-celibate gay people to become clergy.
Awesome phrases
What are you all looking forward to this month?
One of the best shapes for modern elegance and everyday appeal. The Marly city clutch, in timeless Monogram Canvas, is the ideal small bag: practical and light, yet perfectly feminine. Perfect for carrying the essentials, from agenda and cell phone to keys and lipgloss.
When Tsar Saltan heard this, again was he seized with a desire to see the island, but, as before, his evil wife and her sister sneered and the wife said:
The unexpected knock on the door startled both of us. I got off the bed and walked toward the door, looking back at Eve while I said "Who the hell can that be?" and added meaningfully, "Everyone I really care about is already here."
"Er, well eat it. I plan to eat it on the plane."
If you have ordered a copy of my baby you should be getting it really soon!
Yep - thats me with both hands waving in the air!!
I pre-ordered the DVD on Amazon last week. Hooray! Also, ordered the syfy TV movie Alice (starring Andrew-Lee Potts) which has finally come out in region 2 DVD. So I've got that to look forward to.
On top of our 2 regular sponsors, we normally have a digital sponsor for each challenge which we sometimes receive images etc from to use for the challenge.
Just another quiet afternoon picnic with a pigeon coming in to steal your biscuits.
None of this is a surprise if one knows how Islam ‘follows you into the bathroom and then into the bedroom’, as someone once put it. Because of all this we can say that Muslims, on the whole, are far more religiously ostentatious than Sikhs.
Have I ever told you about my daughter?
dickb@dickb.com; www.ChristianRecoveryCoalition.com
So we get a lead-in from Brad that goes like this:
I admit that I believe that being published will lead to bigger things, e.g., author readings, invitations to panel discussions on the state of sequential art, a critical examination of my work, groupies, etc. One reason I press on is that I envision a future for myself much better than one I could ever possibly have.
Do you start with seed, cutting, plant? How often do you fertilize? With what? How much sun? How much water? How big a pot? And what does your basil look like? Pictures welcome!
Wheels:Yes,I'm not afraid of the cows,but why did the Farmer think I would be bullying them?
I ended up modifying and simplifying this recipe. It seemed like overkill to have both cheese and a 'dressing', so I skipped the dressing. I didn't buy cilantro (would have been a nice flavor addition, but wasn't worth the cost). I didn't re-heat everything in little "burritos" after I was done, I just warmed up the tortillas and served like tacos. Flavors were bright and summer-like and a nice change of pace. Very quick once I dropped two steps. This did not feed four. Try two. Still, I would make these again.
My class has already pulled a prank on the adjoining class taught by the head soccer coach (we stole their backpacks while they went outside). I have had water balloons thrown on me during a rally. (The Seniors aimed for the Freshmen and hit the two new English teachers accidentally....they were so worried they had scared us away). I have coached four soccer games, administered a benchmark test, taught pronouns, moderated two lively class discussions about power, gone through five reams of paper, nearly killed a plant, and graded 90 ten page summer projects. I am starting to feel like a real teacher.
As hacking is about to be made legal by the government for the government, but hold the press as they say , pun intended LOL, when have the government ever managed to keep anything safe LOL ?
Why the haste and secrecy in an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty? One of the workmen told a villager “We had to do it quickly before Garry left.” This refers to Garry Morris, owner of the holiday park on adjacent land. Mr Morris’s complex of holiday flats, caravan site and carp fishing pond is currently on the market for sale, originally for £1m.
From Goodreads: This time, Riley might really have bitten off more than she’s ready for. After practically begging the Council for a more challenging Soul Catch, she is assigned an actual Roman gladiator—Theocoles, the Pillar of Doom. How is Riley, a skinny twelve-year-old, supposed to get through to him? Then she meets the beautiful Messalina, who convinces her that her only chance is to become part of this world. To accomplish this, Messalina helps Riley through a dramatic, mystical makeover, transforming her into the beautiful and mature teen she’s always wanted to be. Finally, Riley can experience her first boyfriend and her first kiss. With a dream this enchanting, will she ever want to leave?
However, before continuing with such complete honesty, I am compelled by my own anguished sincerity to plea for an amendment to the rules before continuing. The word Commandment is mighty itself. I looked up the Latin derivative and let it roll off of my tongue many times. “Commandamentum”. It was beautiful. After this moving experience I knew that any answer could never reveal a full “Truth”. Therefore, with due and appropriate respect, I grant myself permission in this “one time amendment” to answer with whatever rolls out of my pen. It is the Rolling Pen Amendment.
I made a good trip
Made me unsure of my heart
The Shift Guru is focused on assisting individuals in shifting their beliefs about themselves and live so they may enjoy the life they came into this incarnation to enjoy. visit us at http://www.theshiftguru.comto learn more. To listen to the most recent ‘Shift Your Belief” podcast, featuring interviews and observations which just may assist you in shifting your life, go to www.energyofthespirit.com.
Talking to people. Everyone has skills and knowledge and things to share. If you simply talk to people--friends, family, acquaintances, strangers--you learn a lot about a lot of different things.
This one is pretty easy, in my opinion — allow 30 inches per person. No need to overcomplicate things. Sure, you can get by with 24 inches per person, especially if your piece is going in a small space, but why not allow more comfort?
Embarking on a journey to find yourself sounds like a cliché to most people. In fact, I have often wondered about it myself. What does it really mean when you say you are trying to find yourself? Does it mean you are lost? Well, yes it does.
Ciao for now…
If you look at the logos of some of the well-branded corporations, they are extremely simple, do not contain gradients, and proportionally make sense. A logo that has too much complexity is 75% less likely to be memorable to a potential client/customer when viewed on a billboard, t-shirt, etc. Interesting statistic isn’t it? It is no coincidence that 80% of logos for fortune 500 companies have a maximum of 2-3 colors and work well in color or black and white.
Polka Dots Bakery
It’s an odd time to be complaining about too-high taxes. Some people are difficult to please. As with the Tea Party movement, this woman complains about her taxes — but does not offer to have her government benefits reduced. We like government; we just don’t want to pay for it.
I am also old enough to remember someone getting arrested in the late 1970s for walking down Carnaby Street wearing a promotional teeshirt for Stiff Records with the printed slogan: IF IT AIN’T STIFF, IT AIN’T WORTH A FUCK.
2) Fill a BIG BIG glass full of HOT HOT HOT water, as hot as you can stand it being in your mouth. Just don’t burn yourself. It sucks to burn your tongue, and it’s not my fault if you do. I’m trying to help you.
The Going for Growth website provides resources to support these challenges so that children and young people have the opportunity to grow in faith, knowledge, understanding, discipleship and service. To receive regular updates on news, resources and information about children’s ministry, subscribe to Child in the Midst.
She is so easy to please.
simple
Me: Umm, no.
Guys – pay attention. You need to learn to recognise when is a good time to approach me. Learn to read the signals that I’m sending.
And all my children were lovely today. None of them pooed either.
I can't figure out New Braunfels. It has: 1) Schlitterbahn, 2) Wurstfest and 3) the New Braunfels Smokehouse (yummy). What do the people who live there do? Commute to San Antonio on the off-season? Just hang around and add local color for the tourists? Is there some other industry there? I just don't know.
What am I most excited about? Furniture shopping? Paint colors? Wall decor? Nope, nope and nope! Puppy Shopping? YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Standard pilsner glass.
Very warm for winter, even for a California winter!
3) My husband- He works so hard, goes to school full time and doesn't complain (much) about it. He does it because its necessary. Something my ex never understood. He makes me smile.
Obama will of course - barring accidents - win a second term in November but he needs to convince his own supporters to go out and vote. The current strategy seems to be "have you seen the other guy? Aren't the Republican's scary?" Well yes, they are and yes Obama will be a better President than them. yet, his goal should not be to be slightly better than a bunch of Republican nuts. The American people deserve better than that. A terrific campaigner, it's hard not to accept the criticism that he's a less talented office holder.
Everyone was suited up and headed towards the van,and Cookie decided to play the “I can’t find it game”
The man and woman both, knowing this, arm the device
….would you wear wedge sneakers? I’m dying to know. Such a weird trend. But they’re kind of just like babe-a-licious hightops right?
My Statistics and Research Design professor actually said that the class was BRUTAL and that we should be prepared to work 10 to 15 hours a week outside of class and the two hour weekly lab. Seriously. I almost peed my pants right on the spot. The rest of my university classes seem challenging, but manageable. I guess we'll see.
People who are not familiar with the concept of cleansing crisis may jump to the conclusion that they are allergic to our herbal products or holistic treatment programs and rush to their MD’s for more prescriptions of antibiotics or cortisone! When in fact, these are signs that our program is working effectively to remove toxins in your body, so that your body’s innate intelligence can heal you. Going through cleansing crises is like peeling an onion layer by layer. Therefore, cleansing crises are like waves. They come and go. Some times “tidal waves” can occur, and you might feel like you were run over by a truck. Committed clients told me that they “felt great about feeling miserable”! Some even take a few days off from work to rest, so that it’s easier for them to go through each cleansing crisis.
Fools because of their transgression, and because of their iniquities, are afflicted. Their soul abhorreth all manner of meat; and they draw near unto the gates of death. Then they cry unto the Lord in their trouble, and he saveth them out of their distresses. He sent his word and healed them, and delivered them from their destructions. Oh that men would praise the Lord for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men.
I was truly astounded by the reaction to my book release yesterday. At one point it was the #2 best-selling ad ebook at Amazon and #3 among all ad books, including paper. Thanks to everyone who bought it, tweeted about it, blogged it, or just talked about it. A lot of the success of the release of the book was due to social media. Does this mean I've changed my mind about social media? Tune in later this week for "My Social Media Overnight Success."
Here is the digitally enhanced version used in the actual book:
I could be going crazy.
Things are not always what they seem here. Time is different. All roads and doorways lead somewhere. guides are light-colored and wear a badge marked “Instincts”. In general travel is easy..visit everywhere..explore and learn…have a nice trip, and we hope to see you on a regular basis.
The course skirts around the base of Wild Horse Mountain, and varies between wide fire roads, sandy tracks, and lush pine forest single track. There’s one water station (at the half-way mark), and there is a requirement that everyone carries their own water. It is probably the flattest trail run that I have ever done, but some sandy sections feel like you’re going up hill! (See some course photos here)
This is most obviously clear in the whole aesthetic of the aliens and their technology, which is based around extremely complicated devices that spend ages clicking, sliding, hinging, rotating, unfolding, folding, clunking and hissing before actually doing anything notable. But it’s also there in the continual, unfunny comic relief in the opening section of the film, the general lack of narrative coherence, and the fetishising of military hardware of all kinds.
Between the two of them they were able to help the girl inside and her mother who had run in after the crashing sound of glass, though that reaction had been more of panic than the reaction of her daughter. Officer Levine held a sheet in improvised protection around Danielle when the paramedics arrived to take over the medical end of the situation. Morgan’s father left in the back of the police cruiser while Morgan cried in the back of the ambulance she didn’t need but had to share with the anaphylactic Danielle. In the course of the remaining light of day she went from the hospital to some office with a social worker who told her to go with a B.I.O. agent who had shown up soon afterward. But with a reluctance that frightened Morgan even though she hadn’t liked the social worker himself. She didn’t see her father again even though she kept asking for a long, long time.
I have, for reasons still unknown, over extended myself with outside activites. Not only have I just moved, lost my grandmother and started training at a new job, but I have also started my theater classes on Saturday mornings and rehearsals for a musical on weekend afternoons. Not to mention Praise Team on Thursdays and whatever other random thing I can volunteer for. Normally doing things all the time wouldn’t effect me and to be honest I am finally getting a grip and managing my workload. But a few weeks ago when I was sick and lost my voice, I was going off the rails on a crazy train to quote Sabbath. On top of everything else, I was so sick I couldn’t speak or teach or go to rehearsal.
Concerning the trilogy, I will make this story work because I simply must – it’s my vision and adopted purpose. The Pazuzu Trilogy is a good story – and I continue to proclaim the work is an epic and that’s why people should read it. Hey, everyone, give it a chance – I’ve worked hard making the manuscript readable! Now it’s polished. I expect good reviews – but if you’re a reader who doesn’t enjoy horror, fantasy or science fiction or wage some Radical, conservative Christian crusade, please keep your mouth shut and refrain from ranking my books with the worst score your angry righteous mind finds. I told the story in the fictional Shur desert and not modern Earth so I might mitigate that wrath. I’m looking for nice words that convince others to buy my books.
While her mother was a slender woman, but she was stronger than one would imagine for her size, she had to be to manage a man of her father’s structure and force. Alice spent most of her childhood in an array of children’s homes, and with many different foster families, this was the only way her mother could keep her safe from the brutality of her father.
Colors used (left to right): Wet 'n Wild Caught Red Handed, Color Club Wham! Pow!, Almost Famous, Twiggie, Chelsea Girl and Pucci Licious. I love this collection when I need primary colors for a manicure. The only thing it is missing in my opinion is a good red hence why I had to use a Wet 'n Wild Polish. The set contains two pinks instead which I didn't use for this manicure. You can see the cosmetic sponge that I used and my "palette" to dab on. The purple didn't actually make it onto my nails since they were too short. Guess there is always next time :D
approval to those who practice them.
Dead is aware that it truly excelled as a “live” act. Fortunately,
3. After either playing or downloading the file, click your browser's BACK button to come back to this page.
The behind-the-scenes creative team includes cinematographer Bruno Delbonnel, Oscar
When I have faith, it should be evident in how I live my life. God wants me to have faith in Him, but to also do good deeds. We cannot have one without the other.
My sister was laughing at me because I was making a fool in front of everyone else. But I didn't care. So what? At least I'm not *brag* *brag* *brag* like what she always do..
And then it was gone....
Clean nose with only a slight juniper aroma. Surprisingly easy-going on the palate.
You have but to trust in His promise ―
CHF 10?! J and I looked at each other - we didn't need to think about this long. We would have purchased the ribbon covers alone for that price (ours is missing one). So, we handed him the cash and rushed home, each with a typewriter in hand, barely believing our luck. At home with the haul:
Philadelphia leads the U.S. in big-city murder, with the highest homicide rate of the ten largest cities in the country. Depending on how you count, at least 318 residents of Kill-a-delphia were murdered in 2011, up from 306 in 2010. City officials like to compare every year to 2007, when almost 400 people were killed in the city. That way, the mayor can say murder is down 17 percent from it's 'peak:'
Porter: 1060-1065
Now about Dorie. I love the way Dorie explains her recipes step by step. While some of the recipes in her book "appear" complicated, I think any novice could follow along and easily manage most of them. I have to say thank you to Dorie Greenspan for enriching my life with these wonderful recipes! My husband thanks her too. I have learned so much being in this group not only about baking, but also about online friendships.
Living's fantasies are increasingly outrageous, and he becomes at once increasingly pathetic and increasingly sinister. Blum pushes the limits of the author's self-delusion to almost unbearable heights of embarrassment. What scrapes most deeply, as it's so immediately recognisable, is Living's impregnable faith in his own talent, in the face of all the evidence against it.
On a similar end of the argument, I recently spent over $100 on PC games during Steam’s summer sale. Games were anywhere from 50%-90% off. Companies like Codemasters, Lucas Arts, Sidhe, Atari, PoGo, Infinite Interactive, Bioware, and so many more received money from me, no matter how little, that they would NEVER have gotten. Why? Because the games were affordable. There was a value to me.
The experiences that make comfortable, lifelong friendships possible. The moments that foreshadow dinners and phone calls reserved for catching up. The things you look back on and have to connect over and share for the rest of your life.
I miss being asked "Miss Melanie...How are You today?" at my old job. I was Snow White with her 5 dwarfs. I miss those sports crazed guys. People were talking about the Yankees and I got a lil sad because I realized I knew nothing about this season. If I still worked there I would know it all. I miss the hour before the bosses came in the most. Where me and Michigan and John would talk about our lives. I'd get a guys perspective...I'd try to give them a woman's opinion. I gotta call them soon...It's been 4 months almost. Too long without seeing each other when you worked with them for 4 years. Too long.
Proton Motor Enters Into Licensing And Joint Development Agreement With L-3 Communications 10
Vienna also left me literally cold, by the way, as the weather, she was crap. Windy, cold, wet and just not what you want to be out in. The snow kept falling from the imposing rooflines and splatting me on the kopf. That hurts!
These were so simple to make, and so yummy. I do not know why it has taken me 18 days to blog about them.
This is short novel—would hope to begin talking about it for class 4 or 5, so order it now!
Killing machines a case in point:
Andrew usually would of said no without any kind of hesitation or questioning. But for some reason today was a day that made him do different things. And he couldn’t figure out why?
Interpretation: Big things in life will happen when I’m not expecting them. And I’ll just have to make do with what I have at the moment.
- Identifies political activists.
“I bought something I want to use on you.”
OK… We all know that if you’re going to cut back on food… you’re going to get hungry every now and then… and expecting yourself to eat food that tastes like cardboard or sawdust for weeks on end… is just not a very pleasant experience.
Everything about this song gets me. From the symphonic introduction, right into the thunderous chorus. Quite often we ask ourselves: “where do we from here?” Refused answers back, “Just about anywhere!” This is very powerful, especially considering our ability to continuously undermine our own potential.
President Obama and NATO’s war of aggression against the people of color of Libyais causing a humanitarian crisis among Africans trying to flee constant aerial bombings and assaults. Witnesses say NATO and the U.S. deliberately ignores mayday calls from boats in distress carrying Africans fleeing Libyaby sea.[10]
Our refrigerator went on the blink earlier this year, and it had something to do with an ice block forming in the back of the freezer, blocking the vent, causing the whole fridge to stop working.
Tu as sauvé toute ma famille !
And, I want to show you our mailbox. It's pretty ordinary from the front. All mailboxes in France are of a standard size whether they built-in or free standing.
Surely we bless Betty-Bob in our hearts, too. She is a sweet soul and makes a big difference in the world.
Annika would tell me, Let’s go to Kuya’s room. I knew that Kuya didn’t like us kids disturbing him, so when Annika said, Let’s go to Kuya’s room, I knew she meant, Let’s wait outside Kuya’s room, press our ears against the door, and try to listen to their conversations.
Its almost Mother's Day here in the Uk and thought it would be a perfect Challenge to get you making some fab girly creations! Now I know that we don't all celebrate Mothering Sunday at the same time so as long as your creation is female themed you can enter!
The formula Sweden's ABYSSOS followed was quite simple: 1) Play really awesome Dissection-worshipping black metal. 2) Fuck it all up by putting in corny fucking opera vocals here and there. 3) Add vampires.
(Emily, I did not see a way to contact you from your comment and blog, so I hope you see this soon!)
They will also offer referrals to, or help in locating medical, legal and financial assistance. Counselors will also help you connect to transgender groups that support transgender individuals and families through shared experiences.
I see it everywhere: it filters down to the non-commercial areas of literature. There's always, in my view, been a problem with short-story competitions: it's bound to be easier to catch the eye of a judge trawling through hundreds of stories with a striking, rather than the most artistically apt, first sentence. But the problem seems to be getting worse: now that short-story competitions have proliferated, and have become a chief way to get noticed in the short-story world, zombies and spooks and quirky Murakami-style aberrations abound, often without much thematic meaning that I can see beyond those sensationalist 'concepts'.
Mills: Oh, this and that.
Peper.
Prepare ziti, drain and set aside. It needs to be cool when added to the other ingredients so it does not scramble the egg when combined!!! Brown the beef and drain well. Let sit so it comes to room temp like the pasta. In medium bowl mix together ricotta cheese, Parmesan cheese, egg, salt, pepper and 2 cups of the Mozzerella cheese. In large bowl or pot (I just use the one I prepared the pasta in) mix together pasta, beef, cheese mixture and 2 cups of the pasta sauce. Place into a greased 13x9 baking dish. Sprinkle with 1 cup of Mozzerella cheese. Spread remaining pasta sauce over the cheese and top with the last cup of Mozzerella cheese. Bake for about 30 minutes or until bubbly.
a brier of twigs and fox-foot-fossils left in mud.
Mostly, I hope that we will be taken seriously and that my niece won't suffer more excrutiatingly for our show of concern.
There are all sorts of fashionable upgrades for bridesmaid dresses, you may be worried about an upgrade in price as well. Many fashion designers release bridesmaid lines that are completely affordable for any bridesmaid, no matter what her financial status is. Some of the higher level and couture designers, such also offer a ready-to-wear line, so that finding a cheap bridesmaid dress is even easier than expected. Many brides and their maids worry when looking for cheap bridesmaid dresses that inexpensive means poor quality, which is hardly the case. With so much competition out there, many design houses now are offering high quality and fashionable bridesmaid dresses at competitive prices.
I have a couple of cards to share that were made for a couple of orders for some workmates. Hope they like them..
Interesting what you can learn from Gates of Vienna comments.
Well.
For those of you who know your way around any design program, the process is pretty simple: create a rounded rectangle to the dimensions of your iPhone 4, choose a patterned background, and add your shape and monogram in your choice of font. Print, cut and voila! Oh, okay not voila; at this point you only have a piece of paper. Rewind. Buy yourself a clear iPhone case on ebay. They are cheap... dirt cheap! Like $2 dirt cheap. Which means if you have ink in your printer and some good cardstock on hand, this project could cost you as little as $2. That means you have an extra $48 in your pocket to do whatever you like with. Woohoo!
Me: I spent 18 years with my bed against the wall… waiting. Never feeling safe. I left. I’ve created safety in my world. They are back and angry and about to get caught in a very dirty battle. I’m not a quitter… I just hope, yeah… I just hope that nothing happens between now and then.
Getting Lucky is best kept with Fate
Fear here is clearly about recognising God’s sovereignty. Knowing that God is God is the start of wisdom.
Try this affirmation, say, “I am beautiful/attractive” then wait. Subconscious will often come in and rebuttal with an opposite/negative belief. Now say, “You are beautiful. Subconscious rebuttals, but not quickly, because you have confused subconscious. It wonders what is going on because saying YOU is its job. Now say this over and over, “I am beautiful, you are beautiful, I am beautiful, you are beautiful” Do this for a minute. Notice that subconscious does not interfere; it can't because your mind is playing both your mind and subconscious mind. Subconscious has been thwarted, it doesn't know what to do, and it has no job. It has temporarily lost its “YOU” job and is idle.
Fast forward one year - when the unexpected occurred and there was an avalanche of medical bills from Deacon’s surgery. Even with great health insurance, there was still thousands of dollars of bills to pay – all due at the same time. And it seemed as if no level of financial sacrifice could get us out of this mess. So the discussion came up – should I go back to work full-time? Here’s the math we did…
Anyone else having crazy weather?
Citation: Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice, first published online November 9, 2010 doi:10.1093/jiplp/jpq165
The sessions will take place on Tuesday’s at ChristChurch in Chineham from 9.40am until 11.10am and are suitable from birth to 4 years of age.
I’m ridiculously excited. It’s just a bag, but I’ve wanted one since I was 15 and just never made the splurge. Frankly, at $35, it ended up not really being a splurge by most people’s standards; including myself in the days before we made such deep budget cuts in pursuit of a new car. The bag should be here by Friday and the wallet by Monday. I can’t wait! I’m sure I’ll post pictures when they arrive.
First course (pasta): Tender is the Night. I dunno, don’t ask. Sometimes books just leap off the shelf at you.
No matter how much I call And call again you aren’t here
Lexicon word of the day: asseveration.
Are you ready for the next Captain Ninja Alex blogfest????
It is tempting to see Raymond Hood as a follower of Le Corbusier and the ‘tower in the park’ philosophy. That would be a mistake as in the early 1920s there was as yet little cross fertilization between Paris and New York ideas, rather Hood’s concepts grew up in parallel with those of Le Corbusiers Radient City.
The light from a slanted light box is designed to focus on the table it sits upon, so patients may look down to read or do other sedentary activities during therapy. Patients using an upright light box must face the light source, and should glance toward the light source occasionally without staring directly into the light.
So without furtherado here are the finished pieces!
“Car?“ (classy, I know.)
In the event that anyone is actually interested, Tony Blair has "postponed" a launch party for his memoirs at London's Tate Modern museum planned for today, after anti-war protesters threatened to target the event.
While Mr. Wise has since claimed that he is only referring to what he calls the "white right," the fact of the matter is he is likely including all of our mothers, fathers, sons and daughters in his hateful declarations whose view points diverge from his own. Moreover, following Mr. Wise's sick logic it should also be acceptable to wish the hearts of those on the "non-white left" to stop beating, as well.
And now dig in and enjoy! Mmm! You should check out their web site! They have recipes, gift boxes, and lots of other delicious garlic products! You can also read about the health benefits of garlic there. I always love being reminded that something I think is a tasty treat is good for me too! So, on that note, please excuse me while I go shake garlic nuggets into my mouth!
get to work, text eachother about it....
SF) Three irreplaceable visual art values that are useful for the human cohabitation? / Tre valori insostituibili che l'arte può dare alla coabitazione umana?
Kedah Barisan Nasional (BN) has lost a chance to shake the PAS-led Pakatan Rakyat state government when it did not “exploit” the recent crisis in the state administration. Political observers said the internal conflict in Kedah PAS had split the party and made it “vulnerable” to outside attacks but BN did not seize the opportunity, thus making it difficult for BN to retake the state.
Within a few days of me watching Mama Heron, 4 out of the 5 eggs have hatched producing some of the weirdest? cutest? einstein-iest? baby birds I have ever seen. You have got to check out their ‘hair,’ it is amazing! Mama looks so grand in all of her elegant plumage and it is hard to imagine these little Einsteins growing up to look just like her. I find it amazing how much the feathers on both Mama and babies look like hair. Truly the Great Blue Heron is a majestic bird. I would love to get a chance to photograph one in real life. *crosses fingers*
Thus the arms of God are open to the utmost to receive all who will come to seek refuge.
Hair is grey
DAY 16– Love Intercedes
Is anyone else in love with Nate these days? What happened to pot-smoking, happy-go-lucky Nate? Now, he’s in charge of a newspaper (which, I mean, come on, but still!), and kicking ass. Although this week, after receiving an anonymous tip that Chuck and Blair’s accident was not an accident at all, he starts digging until he finds out the car was intended for him. I knew it! What is Nate’s next move going to be, especially since we know Gossip Girl sent him the blast….Are we actually going to find out Gossip Girl’s identity? That would be cool!
Bull Durham
Call me when my life shall fail me,
Three wraps of red, four wraps of white. The red seemed to be taking over the white... that's why the white got an extra wrap.
The above photo shows our local picnic pavilion in the Sheppard's Bush Conservation Area, which is about 65 acres in size and has over 3 km of hiking trails. Sheppard's Bush also has a maple syrup evaporator hut. As I said our town has so much and I have not seen all yet, one of them never attended the maple syrup making festivities.
I haven’t seen a brand selling clothes. But I just think that we might have an opportunity, because the kind of clothes we make are closer to India, and the Indian market may be ready for Missoni,” she ponders. “Maybe one of the first brands that sells really clothes here.”
In 1820, The Newcastle upon Tyne Society for the gradual abolition of Slavery in the British Dominions was established at a meeting held in the Society’s rooms.
And also, our life it’s for us and maybe it’s not.
We had a very sad thing happen at the Krouse house last night. Our beloved pup, Buckeye, passed away. He was the very sweetest dog, although he drove me insane sometimes. OK, most times. But we loved him. I can't prove it, but I think his passing suspicious...remember a few months ago the chicken incident? Let's just say it's not outside the realm of possibility that the words of "Ned" may ring true. That if Buckeye was in his neck of the woods again, he might not come home. Buckeye got out on Sunday, and he did come home, but by Monday night he was displaying symptoms that he had never before displayed, and were they attributed to the natural progression of things I would have expected them to come on slowly. I could be wrong, and the truth is I'll never know. Maybe I am just a conspiracy theorist.
Soon these babies will be listed, I've got rings, earrings, and hair pins all wonderfully inexpensive so that you can brighten up the end of your winter with a jewelry garden or get a head start on spring!
Ender's skills make him a leader in school and respected in the Battle Room, where children play at mock battles in zero gravity. Yet growing up in an artificial community of young soldiers Ender suffers greatly from isolation, rivalry from his peers, pressure from the adult teachers, and an unsettling fear of the alien invaders. His psychological battles include loneliness, fear that he is becoming like the cruel brother he remembers, and fanning the flames of devotion to his beloved sister.
There is a plethora of violin makers in America, which of course comes as a surprise, like when you find out that crossword competitions hold national conferences. There are followers for every niche! A trusty violin maker will most likely hail from the A.F.V.B.M, aka American Federation of Violin and Bow Makers. And the Violin Society holds a conference (every?) year that lets people of all abilities attempt to make their own violins. And of course there are violin/bow making competitions, complete with judges and international speakers.
For several years now, even before I arrived at the end of 2009, our city here in the Netherlands has planned renovation of old neighborhoods. Call them eyesores. It so happens one of them is situated on two sides of our beautiful senior-living complex.
Golf is a sport that encompasses everything from accuracy and skill to silence. The goal is simply to hit the ball into a cup a long distance away. By working hard and following this good advice, you can develop great golfing skills.
In advertising B.B. (Before Bernbach) and, sadly, today, we are currently "still awash with Victorian gentility and doily-type embroidery on everything from manners and modes to conversation..." Ads, presentations and everything else are tarted up like waterfront hookers. They're painted and laced and full of a frenzy of colors and decorations.
Recorded live at Bela Koe-Krompecher's 26th birthday party in Columbus, Ohio on June 18th 1994.
As usual, I start out with one story, and then ramble off to another as my memory kicks in with more events. Please bear with me.
Flowers and Bling Gems - stash
"Nike's" one growls in a perfect American accent as the others giggle and wipe the remnants of entrail from their pustuled lips.
My and my crystal took a bath and went on a very strange journey together. I was taken back to the time when my current mother and father had sex and conceived me. Ya know… there really are some thing I just don’t want to see. Especially in this view, I had a bird’s eye look at the area between the knees and the hips of my parents creating me. (blush)
KRIS: Macaroni and cheese?
“This was in Ferne’s “Sluts in A Shack” days when she and her friend Janis would wear negligees and hang out on the porch luring hitchhikers up to the house. Before she moved in with us, Janis was living with Jim Faernstrom; they were both reporters on the Verde Independent. Jim told her he’d been let out of jail on the East Coast for killing someone in a bar when he had one of his crazed epileptic fits. He has a rare form of epilepsy that makes him black out and then he can get violent. He beat up Janis 8 times before Ferne said enough and asked her to come and live with us. Janis thought she could change Jim; he could be very charming and smart.
Chris Patterson 4:53 PM
In general I’m a passive subscriber to the Debian PHP Maintainers mailing list, and finally could help actually and not just reply emails. For me it’s also doing some Debian work after a few months of focusing on the coming LibreOffice 3.5 release.
So we’re halfway through May and half my summer wardrobe is still packed away – is it ever going to warm up. I’ve been braving the sandals for nearly a week now, but in all honesty by the time I’d done playground duty this afternoon my toes were blue. I didn’t even make it out for Wendy-ball, I was that cold (plus I was knackered, but that’s another story!). Don’t get me wrong it’s perfect running weather, but I’m not running 24/7 – really, I’m not!! Looks like digging the shoes back out for tomorrow, and a coat, hat and scarf.
Regardless, it's a solid film that I would see again. I've enjoyed other Bollywood films more, but the positives here far outweigh the negatives.
And now a few pictures...
But the left is vicious and vile and venomous. So it took them no time at all to show their demonic nature.
I want to gush about this book and tell everyone I know to read it. It is not a perfect story and there are a lot of scary and intense moments but sometimes we need that when we read, not everything can be sunshine and rainbows. This shows that there is light at the end of the cave and I cannot wait to read more from Jennifer Shaw Wolf. She is brilliant!
Bannister's Reggie plays up the hipster best pal well, a long-haired ice cream vendor who carries his guitar around just in case anyone wants to jam. His laid-back goof is fun counterpoint to the ghoulish, nightmarish goings-on, as if a salve to lull us into a false sense of security... THEN the next scare jumps up.
There will always be opportunities that seem better than what we have in hand. However, we have to remember why we made certain decisions and need to stand by them. Of course, if we're given the opportunity to steer into another direction, we should. We have to look at the decisions we make and see how they fit into a larger picture. You have to ask yourself what's the long term impact. A friend told me that you shouldn't make long-term decisions based on short-term situations. People make decisions based on their children ("kids are so young"), forgetting that kids grow up.
So where do you get this miracle product? Well, you can get this done at the beauty salon, but the cheapest price I've found was $35. Instead, I did a little googling, found instructions online, and bought everything I needed straight off of Amazon.com. It cost me a grand total of $115 for all the equipment and 4 bottles of polish (base coat, top coat, and two colors). I figured if I did my own nails 4 times, I had more than saved my $115. And I've done them at least 6 or 7 times now (and bitten in between)... so really I'm not spending money at all... I'm saving it! In fact, my nails are practically paying me to paint them.
I’ve really enjoyed Exopol and want to go to as many events as I can on this subject. I find the whole concept of the possibility of UFO Disclosure intoxicating! But I wonder if it’s really possible, as I say in the film. I decided to make a satirical film of a Presidential Disclosure speech: http://hpanwo-tv.blogspot.com/2011/08/disclosure-is-here-president-admits.html . This film illustrates the magnitude of the political explosion that Disclosure would cause. I’ve also taken the quite controversial step of wearing blackface make-up. However I despise political correctness! If I were impersonating Barry Manilow I’d wear a false noise; if I were impersonating Ronnie Corbett I’d sit on a low stool to make myself look shorter; if I were impersonating Esther Rantzen I’d wear fake teeth… so when I impersonate a black man why not wear blackface? The hypersensitive aversion some people have about this issue baffles me. The US President, at the time of writing, happens to be Barack Obama, this is the only reason I wore this make-up; what other colour was I supposed to be?
On the subject of Wake, I've been actively involved in every process of the book so far. Since it's still a long way from being released, that's basically just the cover. We talked about what I envisioned as the cover and picked through images that represented it. Then I picked out the models for the cover, and I even picked out their clothes.
Construction at St. Alban’s began on Feb. 15, and likely won’t be completed until late summer, sources tell the Sun.
jog
Baby Luke Scott, March 27th, 2011
Soppy – silly, girly, sentimental.
First of all, let's just say this ... a designer's idea of size is a lot different from the sizes that are out there in our department stores. So while shopping at a store like David's Bridal is somewhat nice because they carry the larger sizes that you can actually try on, you mostly are trying on a dress that is numbered sometimes two sizes up from your normal size. Thank you for that. Nothing makes you feel fatter than trying on a dress that is sized bigger than you actually are. Then you have the "other" bridal stores, the ones that only carry dresses for the toothpicks. So all you can do is be an innocent bystander while the "skinny bridesmaids" take to the runway and hope that if a dress is picked from there, by the time yours actually comes in and you try it on, you don't look too terrible.
There are clues in the behavior of others when they seem reluctant to buy into whatever it is you are trying to communicate. If you ignore the warning signals, you risk communication to shut down just as would the engine of your car if you take no responsibility when warning indicators light up.
I also downloaded a few Kindle books (all of which were free) for my commuting pleasure:
I barely worried about my weight at all for the first 30 years of my life, so it's odd focusing on it like this. But when I weighed over 11 stone (as I did after Lily was born) I found it hard to breathe, let alone walk around easily. Being lighter means I have far more energy - which I need to carry this little thing around:
watching the lightning zag
David Cronenberg’s newest leaves a fan dissapointed. A Dangerous Method unfortunately does not trail in Cronenberg’s recent impeccable tradition, and seems, not unlike Freud’s theories, overtly fixated on sex.
I chat a bunch online in blogs and on Facebook about “church” and the institution it has become. But, nothing encourages me more than the number of people I run into online who are refugees of the institutional church, and they keep telling me they have nowhere to go.
Another concepts introduced during the day was that of multimodality, where users are provided with multiple modes of interfacing with a system.
For a while, it was a great ride. I loved the OCD stacking of donuts, the strangely chic dancing by adult straight men, the oddness of the town did draw me in at first. But, it was also its worst feature. Because it’s not the early 1990s anymore, and the soap opera elements began to stink. Also the music really started to grate. The cheesy acting went from endearing to relentlessly bad. It seemed that, after the terrifying references and appearances of Bob, and the mystery surrounding Laura Palmer’s murder, things sort of slowed. Right. Down.
3. The Wisteria Scarf - Cavalier 3 parts Jun 1, 8, 15
At any rate, as I said, I’m almost impressed by how quickly several different media outlets zeroed in on this single word and made it forever toxic. Besides, as Paul Slansky’s Idiots, Hypocrites, Demagogues, and More Idiots tells, the scariest connotation this campaign slogan could possibly have is actually an American politician, speaking in 1988! To wit:
There were two trees in the Garden of Eden.
This week's freebie is another set of these super cute flower cards. I love the modern colors and design of these. They are that little something special for you next gift. I have an idea for using these guys in a little summer craft project. As soon as I get it done I'll make sure to get some pictures posted.
If there is to many “I”s then it won’t work. Frustration is all we will have. Remember, we can do nothing without Christ. He gives us the power to accomplish His will. At the end of the day we are the clay and God is the potter and it’s not about us, but about God!
I thought this was a funny, yet heartbreaking novel. I seem to like those – the most recent one being The Fault In Our Stars. I really felt for all of the characters and wanted to hug each and every one of them. Each of them was handling the Joanie’s coma and eventual death in their own way. And there is Alex’s friend that I particularly enjoyed – his little observations had me laughing. I look forward to seeing the movie to see if it lives up to the hype it got and to see if it lives up to my feelings toward the book.
- Give them deer milk. (I’ve begun upbraiding mine over this: ‘Again today no deer milk?’)
Why, theft, of course. Or shadows. *A. Who wants to walk in the Sun and not create ripples of joy in the Light?
Imagine - From the Imagine home screen press the About button. You'll find the version info there.
Since she wasn't here to try them on while they were being sewn, I kind of guessed on some things, so they're not a perfect fit. But luckily with this style, they don't have to be exact.
There's a place I describe that's based off of Kuwait. I remember one morning during my deployment when we were all on a convoy to a shooting range. We left when it was still dark out, but as we drove along, the sun started coming up. Kuwait is essentially flat land. You can see straight to the horizon. That sunrise was the most vibrant, beautiful
If anyone would like to help me with this endeavour it would be truly appreciated.
Where have all the conservatives, long time ago?
32. Coming Home (Jon Voight & Jane Fonda) Added 5/10/10 I have no idea how I missed this the first time around. Jon Voight is so perfect in this movie it’s magical. I love him.
- Expand the workforce needed to develop and use Big Data technologies.
With the menu planner, what I will often do is plan out everything I'm making or bringing along first, then at the end of each section I make a note of what we'll purchase while out. It might be something like an ice cream, or slushy, or perhaps we've decided to picnic for lunch but go out for dinner... I make a note of it on the menu planner, then I can work it into the budget.
(Which worked out good, as my Mom really wanted to see pictures of the hunky Marine I was dating.)
Him: Omfg…not about that…and it was 8 months. Yes I saw her. But we never fucked.
So much for my good news. Hubby and I are sad to report that I had a miscarriage 11/15. We'll try again in the new year, but we're feeling the loss pretty heavily right now.
Have a snack
I’m in total agreement with Nick. As a matter of fact I have wondered for YEARS why track and field has not allowed its athletes to pursue advertising in the same way that NASCAR has allowed its drivers to do so.
Beethoven Bio – Dramatic Life Changes
Sunday was the Super Bowl. It was so deliciously American, all those beefy guys running around showing off their tight butts and tackling each other all sexy-like. We watched the game with a handful of friends at a bar in West Seattle.
There is a new challenge over at The Sketchy Challenge and this is also my first challenge as a Design Team member! It was directly my turn to create a sketch for this challenge, so I am a little proud hi hi.
Seize the opportunity! — Hess
I half-heartedly tried to blog in the past with sad results. Those results were primarily due to the type of blogging "group" I tried to use. It is with high hopes that I am jumping into this blog. Without the "group" restraints, I think there is a much better possibility of success.
Quick note:
South Africa had 4,8 million whites and 18,2 million blacks in 1987. The whites paid 77% of the taxes and the blacks only 15%...despite this...56% of the government budget was spent on blacks.
The Redbud Tree is the
Realize their strengths cover your weaknesses they don’t expose your weaknesses. It proves you know who you are and are comfortable with yourself.
Joe Nuxhall - Cincinnati Reds
At University of Montana a “Forum for Living with Appropriate Technology” is university-owned housing that students have retrofitted as an example of hands-on energy efficiency and sustainable living. UM’s “Green Thread” faculty development program works to incorporate sustainability into curriculum and is open to educators from other universities in the Montana Region.
But even if you assume to be true that we’re all born with a burden to pay, King is still missing the point.
Each and all of these things happened in the myriad of different churches and circumstances, yet there was a core ethos the name on the building did not matter, it was if the believers in the pews and their leaders were living into and out of the love that is God the fruit was healthy, for the harmful fruit it was congregations and leaders that paid a lot of lip service to the idea of family, community, and trusting God (i.e. more impetus on the money coming (or not coming) in, rather than what the church is called to be…the soul of the community.
Put the almonds and pistachios through the food processor until they are chopped into fine pieces.
Everybody loves “Don’t Stop Believin’” and the rest of Journey’s over the top hits, but they are just too fundementally over the top.
Baby carrots aren't that bad after all.
During a round of Truth or Dare, Abby Miller confesses her crush on Jake Chilson. The only people who know her secret are her friends at the sleepover - and whoever sent her a text message in the middle of the night warning her to stay away from Jake...or else! But Abby isn't going to stay away from Jake, especially not after he asks her to the school dance. As the night of the dance comes closer, some very creepy things start happening to Abby. Someone definitely wants to keep her away from Jake. Is it a jealous classmate or, as Abby begins to suspect, could it be a ghost?
Tissue paper
Author Trenton Lee Stewart
Stupid elimination. Sure, its not really good, but its not heinous, and she has so much potential! I love it from the waist down, her legs look fantastic and I love the shoes, the pose is really creative (Though, like with Adrianne’s, it makes it looks more like a shoe ad). What it gets it ranked low is the top. The swimsuit is not flattering in the slightest and her stomach just looks untoned. Her upper body looks masculine and her face looks it pain, kind of like shes having menstrual cramps. Whatever, still stupid to cut her here.
My sincere apologies for writing to you on this matter, but you will see that it causes me great concern. On the 19th April in the year of our Lord 2012, a lightning strike caused major power problems to Waterloo and Victoria stations in London.
I was going through some rough patches earlier this month as we all do in life and needed to clear my head, and what better way than with a camera and 2 dogs? I got up right at sunrise and took these shots in the back field behind my house, I hope your not sick of seeing photos of my pooches again and again! I have a few shoots planned for the next few months so I promise I will be posting more images but until then these will have to do!
The said contention already contains the notions of ‘globes’ and ‘previous rounds’. Appearing and reappearing signifies the periods of Pralaya or dissolution at the end of a respective Manvantara or round of emanation/evolution.
It is huge, diverse, breathtaking and home to several spectacular natural wonders including Virginia Falls, the Ram Plateau, ancient coral sea beds, the Cirque of the Unclimables, Hell’s Gate and Funeral Range. You don’t get names like this just for lookin’ pretty, no sir. Nahanni National Park is an adventure-seeker’s dream.
Wow, we loved seeing your Christmas Cards for last weeks challenge, and glad to see so many of you loved the new Christmas release!! All the winners are listed at the bottom of this post - could it be you?!
Here they are...
all ur money at the same time doesn't sound all so nice. I think everyone has been in the exact same situation.
Romans 5:17 For if by the one man’s offense death reigned through the one, much more those who receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness will reign in life through the One, Jesus Christ.)
Many handsome guys (who?) are by your side (where?)
I kept wondering if the old Paula, my Paula was in there. And if she was, could I somehow bring her out. Maybe if I told her a story about us, or about one of the many good deeds she'd done for me over the years, that would spark her into the moment for a few seconds.
1 C. milk
Happy, happy Shambhala!
4. God Gave Rock And Roll To You (Ballard) 6:45
“We saw very targeted, almost punitive take-aways from the African-American and Arab-American groups by those who listened to the radical white power rock,” Knobloch-Westerwick said.''
Who can forget when following widespread public concerns about knife attacks on London teenagers, perpetrated exclusively by non-white youths, the London Metropolitan police produced a deliberately misleading public information film featuring a white boy carrying a knife.
Mohamed Jallow is a former Colin Powell fellow (Class of 2008/2009). He is currently a program associate at the Council on Foreign Relations.
I have been on this language journey for around eleven weeks now. I have very quickly realised that my quest to become a linguistic Bruce Jenner would need more than moderate effort.
Yesterday was picture day...
beats of soft jazz, your chin bobbing up
Short term dream – Find a cure for her mother’s wasting sickness
Don't start a query with what kind of agent you're looking for. It's absolutely understood, and therefore does not need to be said, you're looking for an agent who likes your work. Don't waste time telling me what I already know.
Impotent Distinguished, well known
Here's the blurb with the answer:
Psychologist Russell Barkley, one of mainstream mental health’s leading authorities on ADHD, says that those afflicted with ADHD have deficits in what he calls “rule-governed behavior,” as they are less responsive to rules of established authorities and less sensitive to positive or negative consequences. ODD young people, according to mainstream mental health authorities, also have these so-called deficits in rule-governed behavior, and so it is extremely common for young people to have a “dual diagnosis” of AHDH and ODD.
Mistletoe and Margaritas by Shannon Stacey
Thanks for stopping by and hope you have a FAB week:0) I reccomend you to visit the Crafters Companion Blog; they have so much going on. A chance to win a $100 gift card for new followers get more info HERE. A weekly giveaway HERE.
Did you get any great presents?? I got an ice cream maker!! I'm so excited! Now I just need to get a recipe book for it.
My first rendition of this piece did not have the angel. I had sent a small copy to one of our friends, who's little granddaughter saw it sitting on her piano. The tiny girl was excited to point out the angel protecting the airplane. As you can see in the original photo, there IS an angel there. But it took a little child to see it!
In my opinion, this action is one of politics, not policy; unless the Labour party are going to turn round and say that anyone who gives money to charity (or at least a proportion of their income to charity) can have tax relief… why should someone paying over £10million pay less than 10% tax when they give money to charity, yet someone who earns less than £100,000 who gives money to charity of the same proportion of their income still has to pay their tax, where is the common sense or the justice in that?
“Rape and associated violence against civilians (women, men, girls, and boys) have been widely employed as weapons in the multiple regional and civil wars that have plagued the eastern provinces of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). Such violence was noted in cross-border hostilities in 1991 but became more frequent in1994 in the context of regional conflicts stemming from the Rwandan genocide and the pursuant exodus of Rwandan civilians and armed groups into eastern DRC. Fighting continued and grew in the two waves of conflict - known locally as World War I and World War II - that followed in 1996 and 1998, involving seven countries at one point. Perceived as a particularly effective weapon of war and used to subdue, punish, or take revenge upon entire communities, acts of sexual and gender-based violence increased concomitantly. Attacks have comprised individual rapes, sexual abuse, gang rapes, mutilation of genitalia, and rape-shooting or rape-stabbing combinations, at times undertaken after family members have been tied up and forced to watch. The perpetrators have come from among virtually all of the armies, militias and gangs implicated in the conflicts, including local bands that attacked their own communities and local police forces. According to a doctor at Panzi Hospital in Bukavu, many victims in that area reported that attackers would encircle villages and rape the women publicly and collectively, including children and the elderly.”
Something Else Came Up
Like any other holiday, a cluster of unique rituals has grown up around Halloween. They’re so common these days that we don’t even question them or how they came to be. We see a jack o’ lantern and it is instantly associated with Halloween. Same with wearing costumes, trick or treating, bobbing for apples, etc. But where did these rituals come from?
The first instance was with Erzulie Freda. She didn’t stay long because I found myself paralyzed by my confusion. Is she Freyja? Is she not? Both of them like flowers and jewelry and love and joy. They feel the same to me. And so I ended up just sticking with Freyja, and Erzulie disappeared into my memories.
Good Morning Everyone. I am getting ready to start day 4 of my long work weekend. For those of you who don't know, I work 3, 12-hour shifts in an ER per week. So every other weekend, I work 4 days straight and the other days are worked throughout the weeks. I really like this schedule (since some weekends aren't an option), but it does limit my time on those weekends I work. I did just want to update you on a few things going on right now.
I personally agree with the Republicans on this one. Smoking is good and all, but I really love farting in other people’s faces while simultaneously sticking them with a slow-acting poison and I do not need a bunch of elitist, college-going, science-trusting, health-nut, communist bureaucrats telling me what to do in the Land of the Free. I’d tell you liberals to go put that in your pipe and smoke it, but none of you are man enough to do that!
GENRE: electronic punk??
We spent last Sunday hiking, 25km cross country, over hilltops. One day we are going to do the Camino together. I am in no rush but just knowing that he wants to do it with me is enough and therefore I know that one day, sooner or later we will.
