Finally, the film explores the bi-cultural issues involved in DJ Platurn´s life as an Icelander raised in the U.S.A. and in his DJ-ing, music and career.
bakery
Counted as one of its greatest achievements, the production and subsequent banning in 29 countries of Amo mi burro, de una manera muy física (English release: Master my donkey), left little to the imagination of people wondering just what the motives of November Club were. Other notable moments include the club’s involvement in the 1994 Tangentopoli scandal, the creation and spread of the W32.Norman.X17.Hijack worm, and every time that Frederick got drunk and stayed out in town til morning.
That sounds intense!
The meteor have hit. Extinction spread,
Accessories: SU: Buttons, red twine, dimensionals, Sizzix Big Shot; Nestability die
A far-right party in Switzerland funded by wealthy individuals and corporate backers has plastered the country with posters depicting a red field with a white cross over which trample the black silhouettes of countless feet. I thought it was an uncouth ironic sampling of a Nazi aesthetics to promote a youth oriented product or music festival until I read the message commanding me to STOP MASS IMMIGRATION!
Jackson said the EPA believes the technology will be ready soon. “Every model that we’ve seen shows that technology as it develops will become commercially available certainly within the next 10 years”.
The Robert's retractor is indicated in patients having severe anterior proclination with overjet of over 4 mm.As the bow is highly flexible it generates lighter forces.Thus they can be used in adult patients in whom lighter forces are desirable.
You might have guessed when I showed you the photo of the four candy bars I was going to reveal that the m&m's would be my old time favorite. Actually I've always found m&m's to be more candy shell tasting than chocolate so while I might eat them if someone had them out, I'd not buy them for my own use unless I was baking with them. m&m's is an example of two chocolate families coming together to make one new candy bar; the name comes from the Mars heir who joined forces with Hershey's Murrie to create these candy coated milk chocolates, introduced to the market in 1941. This collaboration between Mars and Hershey used the Hershey chocolate, an important consideration Hershey's power in the chocolate ration of the period. Yup, even chocolate was strictly rationed as were all things in most of the world as it prepared for or were all ready involved in what we now call World War II. They sacrificed for war back then, they didn't have the luxury of cheap or wide selection as we do today even when we have two or three war fronts. But I digress, sorry, Sisters and Brothers. These m&m's do have chocolate mass and cocoa butter so it is real chocolate; the sweet candy shell overwhelms purely from the amount of it. This 1.69oz individual bag has 57 pieces in it in red, blue, green, yellow, orange, and brown. I don't know about you but when I eat them, I eat by color since it doesn't taste like chocolate any way.
4. Listen. This tip piggy backs off of the former one. As you are an engaging conversationalist, listen. Great leaders realize that there is far more to be gained by surrendering control of the conversation than by dominating it. Being a leader doesn’t give license for you to talk just to hear your head rattle. Powerfully effective leaders realize the value of what can be gleaned from the minds of others. Know when it is time to stop talking and start listening. People want to be heard. They need their voice to be affirmed.
Richard Crenna (The Flamingo Kid)
You will understand yourself, question yourself. Compare where you came from to where you are. I have days when I miss America. I have days when I loathe it. Why do people care about Charlie Sheen and Amy Winehouse? How many marines died last week? How many kids in the horn of Africa died of hunger? I can’t even imagine dying of hunger. When I’m hungry, I eat.
Sorry I've been absent for the last part of this month, but things have been busy here, as you shall discover! Here's my March in numbers:
An hour later, Freeman confronts Britten. He doesn't believe Britten is a copycat, but he does point out how wierd Britten has been acting since returning to work. He hands Britten a set of crime scene photos, and says that if Britten is going to pull another rabbit out of his hat, now is the time. Britten does: a napkin at the warehouse has a green exclamation point logo that Britten remembers seeing spraypainted, in red, on the vacant storefront he checked out with Vega in the real world. While the killer was making his phone call to Santoro, Britten had been to the vacant storefront in his dream. It was the same, except there was no spraypainted red mark.
This is a selection of radio transcriptions that the singer-songwriter made primarily (I believe) in 1947, although this Tops LP dates from about a decade later. These were done for the C.P. MacGregor company, which was one of the major houses providing transcription services to radio stations.
1.The colour of the atom you click on does not matter.
Cesare meets with his father in a confessional, where he confesses to having engaged in simony. Alexander says God will repay them for their sin tenfold. Cesare wonders if a family like theirs—Spanish, and therefore hated in Rome—can survive this appointment and Alexander says God will protect the pope and those closest to him. Cesare wants something a bit more concrete than that and asks, probably not for the first time, to be allowed to leave the church and become a soldier, so he can take command of the papal armies and protect his family. He never wanted to join the church in the first place—Alexander just decided that one son should be a soldier (Juan) and the eldest would be a prince of the church. Alexander says that his battles will be fought inside the Vatican’s walls, and that’s where he needs Cesare. With that, the discussion ends.
The only boiled water (which I love the most of all) for my thirst.
One that rocked me to my core.
It was somebody else's.
Last week was actually my last day. No more will I have to park with thousands of people in the parking garage and trek into a job I don't care about enough to do well!
Your smile gives a threat to the setting sun,
Next Thursday, April 5th, I will share the 5 topics I have picked out, and encourage you to do the same! I am so excited to see the topics you pick out and the way we can encourage each other through this challenge!
And when the oceans begin to die, we begin to die - risking human extinction!
I quickly learned that knowledge was a very personal and private thing - I had to find another way of learning about interesting things. Basically, I quickly learned to sort everything out myself and not to trust what others told me. Try everything and keep the good close to your heart. It is ironic, because that is basically what the Bible teaches us - unfortunately our so called modern teachers (during my childhood, all fairly religious) missed that part.
Here’s what I ate on Sunday, but really this could have been from any day this week, because I have variations on the same meals for breakfasts and lunches. Dinner is the one where I add some pizzazz and variety.
Being succinct was never Cash's strong suit, so that is as good as it gets. But at least the Kermits take a bashing as well, while Cameron's "veto" is endorsed. Apparently, Bill could not bring himself to criticise The Boy, or take apart his non-veto.
It was the very first meeting — perhaps it was the meeting after that. But I do remember a meeting where we were all sitting together there, four or five of us. She had a staff person with her. It happened that we were all women, and perhaps because we were all women, we weren’t afraid to cry. So we talked about the situation. I remember we then all cried, all of us. Then Pru took out her box of Kleenex and passed it around. We all blew our noses and she said, “OK, now what are we going to do next?” (via)
1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes
"Wishing You a Day Full of Happiness"
my baby is the joker.
Did I mention that she likes to bite? And attack your face? No? Oh, yes.
Arthur Moore (Naas, County Kildare)
Your gifts and talents are emerging; don’t be afraid of them or the power that they bring. Trust that you already know what to do.
There are 88,419 000 people not in the labor force, an increase of 522,500 from last month’s labor force number of 87,897,000. And more people who are working are holding part-time jobs. Full-time jobs dropped from 114,478,000 from 115,290,000.
The first problem with them is that they take themselves seriously. These things used to be an excuse for a tear-up, but now they seem to think this shit is important or something, and everybody rocks up with notepads and bottles of fucking water, and some tool called Barnaby stands up and talks the usual nebulous cock-sploot about...oh, you can imagine.
He had a respite last week, though, when he flew solo from Adelaide to Perth for a series of shows at the Perth Festival. Or, as it turned out, one of the Perth festivals.
12. Pride and Prejudice (Kiera Knightley) – Loved it beyond words.
And after God has been praised with these words, one will be able, without fear, to ask for that which he intended to, viz., the full remission of the wicked acts that he has done.
When everyone was out of earshot, I leant down to Peggy and whispered in her ear, “You look absolutely ridiculous in that outfit,” and then got a big wet lick up the side of my cheek for my troubles. It was hard to stay mad at her.
Modern-day officers will be astonished at the latitude and attitude of their forebears – and retired cops will love this window on their past.
Why shouldn’t I just be open? Like when I was 29 and I told the world my mother was in a mental hospital when I was a child. That was the big secret of my childhood: My mother didn’t really love me – she fled from me to the Institute of Living in Hartford Connecticut.
6. Both this AND the previous Labour administration may have sanctioned illegal phone-tapping of a great many people. They may even have colluded with Newscorp in this activity…they may even have tipped Newscorp off about the crimes and follies of political enemies.
James Campbell considers the planned re-issue of Carver's collection What We talk About When We Talk About Love (with Carver's original title Beginners), in the light of the comparative endings of the story One More Thing which have now been made available. It's clear that Gordon Lish's so-called 'edit' amounted to a breathtaking rewrite which, as Campbell says, changed utterly the character of the protagonist, turning him away from verbosity and towards the taciturnity we have come to associate with both Carver's characters and his prose. The Lish treatment gives the story that resonant and ambiguous combination of full stop yet lack of closure which is common to Carver's stories as published, but which is missing from the original version of this one.
4 built
– St. Josemaria Escriva, The Way, #329
I'm also getting better at not beating myself up as much. It's more of a feeling that I'm getting back to being organized. I hate feeling unorganized. I feel I waste time doing things I shouldn't be doing and then not doing the things that are more important. So now I have my list of home to-dos and my work list of to-dos and I'm making headway in taking care of them both. Sometimes one gets more priority than the other, but I'm trying to have some balance between the two.
“Faithfulness to all of Scripture, however, requires us to deny that Jesus’ spirit went to hell after He died.” The first evidence of this comes from Luke 23:39-43, in which Jesus told the thief on the cross, “Today, you will be with me in Paradise.” Second, in one of the passages that is used to teach his descent into hell, Ephesians 4:8-10, it never says that he did so. “Paul means only that Christ descended into the grave.” Third, there is the passage in 1 Peter 3:18-20. This likely means that Jesus was preaching through the Holy Spirit in the days of Noah. The final thing is that Jesus finished his work on the cross. His declaration of “It is finished” means that he saw his work as completed.
The novel is also an exploration of the creative process, Anne Frank typing away in the Kugels’ attic being a metaphor, presumably, for Auslander’s struggle to write fiction, even as someone stalks the darkness outside, bent on burning down Kugel’s farmhouse. It is chock-a-block with literary references, from some very pointed and funny comments on Philip Roth’s superstar status in the literary establishment in New York, to throwaway mentions of Zelig, and Kafka’s ‘Metamorphosis’, and a whole range of final utterings by famous people.
“Star”
So, there you have it... week one of summer is in the bag! Only 10.5 more to go. We'll make it!
The trees and humanity share a common home called Earth. The trees have been Earth’s guardians since the beginning of time. They have supported humanity and all life on earth with their many gifts. As they stand tall in their loving silence they wait patiently for humanity to rise in consciousness so we may remember to fulfill our responsibility as earth’s guardians. It is our turn and this is our time.
But Kristinn notes the following:
to chase down the running back. Although he’s not going to be one to produce a bit hit, Manning wraps up well when in position to do
Pick a worthwhile mission and excel at that mission.
Well, this is a photography project so I have something to share. Basically, I wanted to do some fun pictures with my son, something unique and interesting...I wanted us both in the photos, and I also wanted self portraits, so we went down to the Ed Worthy Park near our home and took some really cool pictures. I used a new filter for my DSLR and we just had fun. I used the free Picasa program from Google to edit and adjust and do some simple retouching. The updated Picasa program is awesome and it gives you some effects reminiscent of the 1960's and 70's photography popular now with the instagram app for mobile devices. You can get playing around for hours and printed, these pictures look beautiful. Picasa is free and you can load it onto any computer. So much fun, enjoy the pics. I will try to post more later in the week.
Here is the poster we will use:
We were expecting a snow storm (you know that east coast storm you are probably still hearing about, flights canceled, snow not getting cleared fast enough, football games getting postponed, nation of wussies) and I needed to go to the store. Of course the whole east coast population was there because they were out of milk too. Weird.
I love the sun. It's no coincidence that much of my traveling takes place in climates where the sun blazes nonstop. Nothing encourages exploration and adventure quite like a sunny day, as long as you're equipped to handle it. Besides sunscreen and sun glasses, I always pack sun hats for any tropical escapade. And by sun hats, I don't mean the geeky safari or outback variety. You can have sun protection and style all in one hat and I have a carefully curated arsenal to prove it. The only problem is that not all fashionable sun hats are crushable and easy to pack so I'm always on the lookout for more. So when I received a review sample of the La Scala Collezione sun hat with SPF 50 sun protection, I was a little excited. I wasn't a lot excited because I was skeptical of the claim that this hat would block 97.5 percent of the sun's ultraviolet rays. With a cute ric-rac design, cotton and polyester fabric and a bendable four-inch brim, this little chapeau just didn't look that powerful. So I took it on the ultimate test--Mexico in the heat of the summer.
As everyone should know by now, the spectacular Royal Wedding took place this morning. As some obsessed over flowers and vows, all of us fashion lovers just wanted to see how amazing Kate Middleton looked in her unknown wedding dress. The dress was kept a secret from the public until she revealed herself this morning at the ceremony. Kate looked absolutely stunning in her white dress designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen. It's been said that her dress design was inspired by Grace Kelly's wedding dress from 1956.
Thanks so much for stopping by, Summer! These how-tos are totally inspiring me to dabble in the art so I can have beautiful arrangements around the house all year long! And, of course, they'd be spectacular for a wedding!!!!! I love the idea of getting crafty with the vessels and using teapots or vintage vases!
My earring holder is leaning at an angle in our closet in these sweater box shelves. If you wanted to make your earring holder hang on the wall, you could affix a ribbon to it on the back of the frame. I don't know how well this would work though, as the hook type earrings sort of poke through the back of the mesh.
We are all pretty nice and toasty at this point and close down Houndstooth so where do you go for an afterhours bar? Tai's til 4, duh. Now I have never been to Tai's but had promised Mrs. Southside that she would be the first to pop my cherry there. So we head on over in Kirkvegas car and get front row parking. We walk in with everyone and basically there were 10 other people there. We play pool, well I attempted but did not do well because I was seeing 2 balls and not one. (That's what she said) I gave up and am talking to someone (couldn't tell you who at this point) when Muffy comes up and says look what your brother did. Apparently he puked all over the floor. So he was escorted out and I went outside in the pouring rain to talk to him. One of the guys walked out and said youre not getting back in. At this point I had 2 options, tell him to go back to my car and sit there until I was ready and sober up or take him home right away. I then saw Asian Situation give me the hold up a second finger. He talked to the guys and let Eric back in however he was not allowed to drink anymore. I guess what happened was that USA had bought him a shot and Eric had just done one and it didnt sit well so he puked it back up. He felt so bad and went and apologized to everyone. At this point I was tired and decided I wanted to go home. My dumbass thought I could drive, luckily my friends are amazing and don't let me go anywhere. So Eric and I head back with Mrs. Southside to her apartment.
You made all the delicate, inner parts of my body
A nicely horrible drink like this will allow him to sip slowly, to shudder, then write something while he waits ten minutes, and sip, shudder again. You get the idea. How long can he stretch this poison out? There is nowhere in the hotel to sit like this - he needs white noise of people doing those various things other people do in order to concentrate. He needs something, though a critical mass of someones is better, to ignore. Satrefucks, perfect for venting anger. Ice green tea latte. How horrible does tha sound? How horrible does it taste. He's got about an hour here he calculates.
I used the colours from Colour Create this week.... and what a fab combo they are... blue, lilac, white and kraft. A little emboss resist and a touch of ink dusting and there we are!
In 1969 Bukowski accepted an offer from Black Sparrow Press publisher John Martin and quit his day job (delivering mail for the USPS) to dedicate himself to full-time writing. He was then 49 years old. As he explained in a letter at the time, ‘I have one of two choices — stay in the post office and go crazy … or stay out here and play at writer and starve. I have decided to starve.’ Less than one month after leaving the postal service he finished his first novel, ‘Post Office.’
Having Julia finally born and in our lives made the nightmare of delivery of PUPPPS, Preeclampsia and HELLP worth it all.
This goes for every member of the family....yes the dog too.
It helps me connect more and know that everything is ok.
I was yoked in immediately through the first book, feeling like I was going down memory lane, re-living a parallel universe of my high school years. Albeit mundane, the plot has drawn in so many readers, because they can relate to the protagonist, Jessica Darling. McCafferty's skill at writing the series is what impresses me the most though; anybody can write about the tumultuous years of high school through college, but can they do it as well as McCafferty?
Other people’s kids? Not so much. I just don’t have that same level of interest or connection with other people’s kids. Sure, I can have moments of fun with them, I can be silly and chat them up with the best of them. But really? I’d prefer not to.
Earlier this week I went to a special meeting at Bethel. We, as a church, are entering new territory with “Mission Them” which is to multiply disciples through multiple sites and multiple partnerships. It was a very informative meeting, and I really like the leadership’s approach to this new era in the church. Through it all, I still had that new kid “I don’t really belong with this group” feeling. Not because of others, because of me. I’m at somewhat of a crossroads as far as my heart is concerned. It’s time to be “all in”, or continue to keep myself on the periphery of things. On the outside it looks like I’m involved, serving, taking Dave Ramsey’s Financial Peace University, involved in a small group. But at the heart of things, I’m afraid to go all in. If I go all in with my heart, there’s a chance I could be hurt again. In two years, a lot of hurts have healed, but the risk of going all in at Bethel means those scars could be reopened.
TO ROME WITH LOVE (June 22) – Woody Allen’s latest film takes place in yet another European country and stars Jesse Eisenberg, Alec Baldwin, Penelope Cruz and more in a series of different stories that take place in the city of Rome.
BobBob (Jim Bob)
Back at the hostel we had a group meeting with our guide and other Inca Trail pilgrims, and we didn’t want to be late. So we struck up a conversation over where the other people will be from. I thought at least a couple crazy Australians, some more Canadians, maybe an American or two, some Swiss or Swedes.
And here we are sharing stories with the runner on the ground--who couldn't exactly get up. (Marathon tip: don't get on the ground right after the race, unless you plan on staying there for a while. Getting up is a challenge.)
Her shaky hands quickly grabbed a large candlestick near her, Addison wrapping her fingers around it as tightly as she could. Swinging it a broad half circle, she hit the demon in the chest, knocking him backwards to the floor.
I relaxed and waited for what was next. Don Rober began to sing his icaros and this always seems to trigger and even guide visions. I drifted into the vision space. The first thing that came was a simple matrix of white dots, evenly spaced.
~A.W. Tozer – The Pursuit of God
We did not play on Saturday. The vast majority of us were in Brighton for Jay Schwodler's Stag Weekend. It was there that our manager, Paul Dyke, was shoved off balance by a doorman on the concrete steps outside Revolutions. Ryan Jones, along with a handful of others, saw what happened and threatened the doorman. This public show of unity - albeit from a safe distance and aided by a belly full of lager - was in stark contrast to the mood last May, when Pete Lyons decided to step down as manager after four happy seasons. Without a manager the situation begged the question - did the club have a future? The silence that followed from the players, me included, was ominous.
In his book Big Oil and Their Bankers in the Persian Gulf: Four Horsemen, Eight Families and Their Global Intelligence, Narcotics and Terror Network, Dean Henderson states: “My queries to bank regulatory agencies regarding stock ownership in the top 25 US bank holding companies were given Freedom of Information Act status, before being denied on ‘national security’ grounds. This is ironic since many of the bank’s stockholders reside in Europe.” This is, on the face of it, quite astonishing but it goes to show the US government works not for the people but for the Elite. It also shows that secrecy is paramount in Elite affairs. No media outlet will raise this issue because the Elite owns the media. Secrecy is essential for Elite control – if the world finds out the truth about the wealth, thought, ideology and activities of the Elite there would be a worldwide revolt against it. Henderson further states:
-3-4 large carrots, peeled and cut into 1" slices
Back by popular demand, I decided to host another chocolate party. It was kind of a last minute thing, but I did do invitations and focused the party theme around apothecary and chocolate. I hand delivered the invitations to save on time and money--especially since I delivered some of them the week of the party! But we had a really good turn out and surprisingly most of everyone came. I really like how the invites turned out. I'll post the party this week when I get my pictures downloaded.
An idiot. He’d been made to look an idiot.
superstitious) the two rooms and roof space that contained my partner Francis Wheen’s current and past writing; his letters, articles, books and CDs collected over forty years, had burned down, with a sudden and shocking thoroughness. Now, our grief at what had been lost was moderated by a realisation that we were lucky, all of us, to be alive. One end of the severed cable was dangling directly into the area where the fire brigade had set up a small table for the cups of tea and chocolate digestive biscuits we had carried out to them: the other was in the open field where the teenage children had migrated for an alternative view of the conflagration.
Why have the Leiden leaves shrunk?
do i have a defective baby maker?
1 majority
“After having every surgery & procedure (including self injections into my stomach for 6 months) I had a complete hysterectomy. In passing as he was the local dr in our small town he said before I had the surgery (though he wasn’t my dr) that ‘you will fall in love this first semester of college & no man will marry you because you can’t have kids). I was strong enough to know to listen to my body. I had severe endometriosis & I knew something wasn’t right…Always trust what your body is telling you.”
Through a fierce rainstorm and some hydroplaning in the darkness of Delaware, we divulged our greatest fears, including inadvertent bowel movements, cyborgs, mean ghosts, year-round Christmas stores, and The Creature from The Village, which looks harmless to me but may someday may leave another on the verge of adult bed wetting. One of the girls flipped off an 18-wheeler in the darkness behind us and was treated to a lecture from me, because it is a well-established fact that psycho truck drivers begin sharpening their killing weapons when angered by sorority girls on back country roads.
Don’t be afraid to walk up to a random person and say hi or go out to eat with someone you just met. Put yourself out there and don’t think everyone is judging you.
Once we have verified both parts of the blog hop have been completed we will pick one lucky winner from one of the six blogs, thank you for stopping by and come back what we come up with next.
First up on our favs list is this Besheret letterpress design. The suite conveys the notion of fate - Besheret, that brought the couple together and the fate that would bring their loved ones together on their wedding day. The hand-drawn bulb on the activities card is a map that lets guests know about the different activities to do in town, as well as offers guests insight into the couple's relationship.
8.Turmeric Powder : 1/2 tsp
–ORANGE-CROWNED WARBLER, NW Calgary, Confederation Park, Ian Halliday.
'You want in?' Solemn continued, turning a bullet over and over with his right hand, 'You have to earn it. But we have other methods of achieving that sort of thing here. Other methods of achieving greatness. Methods that will mess with your head.'
Faithful readers (or should I say, faithful reader ), I’m sorry I haven’t blogged in a long, long time. I could proffer some lame excuse about being extremely busy or about how my life has changed extraordinarily over the last few months– but I’m bad liar. I just haven’t felt “it” for awhile.
On its web site, the FDA is warning smokers against the use of electronic cigarettes because - in contrast to the known hazards of tobacco cigarettes - the risks of electronic cigarettes are not precisely known.
You will not spend a single day
We haven’t even had Yoda for two weeks yet, so we still have a lot of “getting to know each other” to do. While I am not convinced that Yoda would have ended up in the kitty graveyard had we not adopted him, I’m glad he’s around. I’ve even managed to choke down my embarrassment when confessing to people that we now have six, six, six cats at once!
I've been on the lookout for a shirt-dress for awhile now. Nothing's crossed my path (well, once I found a vintage one made entirely of linen, but I knew I'd never iron the thing), so I decided to raid my husband's closet to see what I could find.
With regards to the comments by Eusebius, even though he was skeptical of 2 Peter, he none the less included it with James, Jude, 2 & 3 John as “the disputed books which nevertheless are known to most.”[54] Widespread knowledge across Christendom does not occur over night. Also, Eusebius records that Clement wrote a commentary on all the disputed books “and the so-called Apocalypse of Peter”, which meant that in Clement’s day, 2 Peter was considered scriptural.[55] Again, this could not have happened over night.
Love, holy time
I wasn’t even trudging around by myself as usual. Emma Bradshaw, from BLOOMSBURY CHILDREN’S BOOKS came to make sure the week started well for me, although she’d already done masses of arranging by phone and email. It was great chatting to Emma, but on Tuesday night she set off south to catch up at the office work and get ready for the YLG Conference. Emma is a mightily busy person!
So…Evil Feathers. You win. Haha though – you’re stuck right on the butt of the Evil Cute costume…nanana-boo-boo. (In other words – you don’t really win, you just think you do).
J. Job title: Senior Auditor
Using a G hook and Caron Simply Soft
All this started in early 2000′s with the birth of social media: myspace is the first recognized one, I believe, although I belonged to an art site, elfwood.com, since 1993. Well, I’m sure it’s happened since the beginning of time, but it’s become much more prevalent of late.
The month of May is an exciting and busy one for sure, but don't forget that it's also Teacher Appreciation time! As a preschool teacher myself, I can honestly say that teachers truly appreciate the little gestures of gratitude from their students and students' parents.
Rennet/Rennin – Enzyme from calves’ stomachs. Used in cheese-making, rennet custard (junket), and in many coagulated dairy products. Alternatives: microbial coagulating agents, bacteria culture, lemon juice, or vegetable rennet.
I originally had another post scheduled for today, but I just feel like I need to post about this instead. :)
I believe I mentioned in a previous post that I had planned to attend a pastel painting studio at our local arts center, which I have been doing the past few weeks. It's been great to get me motivated as I've been hibernating too much all winter and needed this inspiration to paint again. So, thought I'd share a couple of the pieces that I created.
Well, almost - the 100% truth is that the portable DVD player that you can see at the far back left was actually very close to the left front edge of the table, because I don't see very well, and in order to see the DVDs, I need the player to be pretty close to my face. And that is why the iolite fringe necklace is lying precariously close to the edge of the workbench - that was the only place it would fit (plus I needed it pretty close to me, too, just so I could see my work!)
This may be contradictory to point one. May be more suitable for personality types who think on the fly and make fast decisions as opposed to anxious personalities who have to plan every single thing from start to finish. But hey, be adventurous for once – do things outside of your comfort zone. You may just discover you are stronger than you think you are. Liberate the inner independent soul. Just decide what to do on that particular day and just do it!
Me: How does that not give you chills?
1 Existence 5:55
It was so unique, so original, so completely out-of-the-box, we almost wet ourselves after reading it. After that, Josin L. McQuein became our hero.
(before shot)
A friend of mine impressed me with this trick at a party when I was like 13. I’m too scared to try because it just looks difficult, but I’d love to master this before I die (And I guess I’ll have to do it before I’m too old).
Red Peppers
How long would they be attentive? Could he afford to take his time; tread softly; abstain from offending? God forbid. Time was an acute factor. He had to redeem the time.
The doctor assigned to the floor stopped by our room Saturday afternoon and spent at least 45 minutes with us explaining in detail all that had happened and what to expect going forward. He also told us of a clot the ultrasound technician had found in the upper thigh of my right leg. It was more disturbing news that I would have to try and figure out a way to accept. 'We're not talking terminal cancer...this is not that bad' was all I could think.
Here’s Impact in case you missed it:
I chose to use physical flourishes on the cover and behind the flowers inside a box card for my MIL.
And the Grand Prize winner who was drawn from a random slip of paper by my son Tukey today is ....
2 tbsp macadamia nuts, roughly chopped
4. Fields of predation
Since I was 12 years old, reading vogue and Bazaar, one of my most inspirational influences has been Paolo Reversi. Drawing the models, the old fashioned style images... everything about his pictures made me KNOW I was meant to do something with fashion. Please enjoy the next few posts of his work. These are from my personal library that I want to share with you
Put the milk and water into a pot and add 1 1/2 tbsp of the tea. Bring to a low boil and simmer for 5-10 mins and let cool down completely.
Have you been watching any of the live steamed LFW shows this weekend? And what have been your highlights? I caught the Mulberry show yesterday morning, and thought it was amazing!
Jesus Loves Me Tic-Tac-Toe- This is a fun printable game for playing Tic-Tac-Toe. Children choose either red hearts or blue hearts and win when they get three in a row.
During NaNo, author Erin Morgenstern gave a pep talk that mentioned sending her characters to the circus when she got bored with her NaNo novel. In case you don’t know her, Erin is the best-selling author of The Night Circus. Ahem.
Expecting your urgent response.
(This account was written up by Eunice Olson, a greeter for many years in San Francisco.)
“Oh, that’s right. I knew I was supposed to draw that up. Just a minute. I’ll be back.”
Since there are so many different dogs with different characteristics, we've added a structure to make it a positive and comfortable experience for everyone. Here are some things we do to positively integrate everyone into the group
The photo above appeared on an online community board with the caption, ‘Minho’s older brother who attends Seoul University’.
On the other hand, had the candlestick maker merely borrowed bread and steak to sustain himself while taking a vacation from candlestick making, society would gain nothing, and there would be a good chance the candlestick maker would default on the loan. In this case, the extension of consumer credit squanders savings which are now no longer available to finance other capital investments.
“What do you want, Kyle?” Jim said.
Kenny pushed her back. “Sit down.”
Which shooting could of been more made for my fav. girl A-M ? Cute, fluffy and cheerfull, perfect!
Thanks to all who joined us last week for our "Blue & cream" challenge. Wonderful as always.
20 should
Gopalswamy explained that while the Sun’s shifting magnetic poles were first discovered in 1955, the rate at which the North and South wasn’t found to be mismatched until the last few solar cycles.
Let your level of patience be great in length
4. Being on the Kindle genre bestseller lists.
(sorry my nutrition software is out of commission at the moment, had to do this one by hand – hope for it to be back up running soon).
So Pas 91030
In following Philips, this judgment makes clear that the existence of other shapes which could achieve the same technical result does not preclude the application of Article 7(1)(e)(ii). It does however leave open the question of what amounts to the ‘essential characteristics’ of a sign and when those characteristics will be functional. This question may well be the subject of future litigation before the CJ.
** When Avery played on the first line, he put on a clinic. He's played nothing short of good hockey this season with the minuscule amount of minutes given to him. SO what happened?
Caleb is 25 weeks today! Mommy's feeling huge but hopefully she'll get a whole lot bigger before Caleb decides to come ;)
9) favorite costume?
Why did it work? Gearing the course to the participants, sharing my experiences and knowledge, the food and coffee, and being prepared.
He ordered this seriously amazing cake pops from a friend. And she sent instructions to have them grouped in sets of three to read 11.11.11 in their glasses. Aren't they beautiful? Let me assure you, they tasted like little bites of dark chocolate heaven.
My personal top 10 films of all time coming soon….
* Why spiritual awakening can be a disturbing process
He could go for a sequel -- "Somebody I Used to Know... But Now You're on My Facebook and I See Your Status Every Day."
you look closely you can see what appear to be some survivors of the
but they mother incredibly,
During this time I applied for just one publishing job (at Robert Maxwell’s Pergamon Press) and was offered it, so my career in advertising never began. In the late 1980s, it was probably the most creative industry to enter and commercials were works of art. You could almost make a whole movie in miniature and one of my all time favourites was this little-screened Pirelli tyres ad.
I do wish they would take me on full time. And they might.. it can change, so they said. I find myself restless and depressed when I am home. I am happy when I come home from work. Sore and tired but very happy.
I'm fairly sure that every month, I write that things have been crazy, but this October was truly a wild ride. Perceptions were shaken, life plans were changed, relationships were scrutinized, and Thao & the Get Down Stay Down released an album that was, as promised, a "festive" heartbreak album that sucker-punched my friends and I in the collective solar plexus when we weren't looking. Know better, learn faster, indeed.
And the most important of all: bacon or chocolate? Bacon AND chocolate? Yes, please!
Jan Schmidt-Garre (1962 – ), which encourages the viewer to
Go therefore and make disciples of all nations…and behold, I am with you always, to the end of the age.” Matt 28: 18-20 ESV
praise to you for a wonderful Spring. I have
36 ladies dancing,
24. The raincoat was invented in1824 in Scotland by Charles Macintosh, a chemist born in Glasgow. In Great Britain, the garment is still called a “Mac”.
Rated PG. (Very funny movie, excellent cast including Tim Allen and Sigourney Weaver, an excellent storyline. A highly enjoyable movie for any age.)
(A backdated outfit, from a couple of weeks ago.)
In my latest article in Mary's Health Corner at Healthy Lifestyles Living, I began to cover Sensory Perception Disorder (SPD) and the related research regarding it's causes and effects. Today, I would like to explore the treatments used for SPD, and how we have utilized it in our family. As I noted in my previous article, SPD is a disorder of the neurological system whereas the brain is unable to separate, process, and respond to information that it receives.
I’ve had a winter of this, and while I feel I’ve turned a corner in my overall recovery from adrenal fatigue I can see that quiet evenings will continue for a while yet.
:) Sarah G
(By the way, a few commenters last week mentioned that it's hard to afford babysitters. I totally agree! At $15/hour, it adds up. Everyone needs to figure out a solution that works best for their family. For daytime babysitters, it definitely makes sense for me to work, financially, and I also enjoy working overall. As for evening babysitters, we talked it over, and we decided we would prefer to spend less on other things so we could afford to spend more on babysitting. It's too bad we don't all live closer to grandparents, aunts and uncles, who would be happy to babysit for free—what a dream that would be!:)
Carol asked if we were going to make pesto with the sweet basil. I asked Duane and he said probably. I'm just growing a bunch of herbs for him to use in his cooking.
Gaslite RPG is a weird, fantastic RPG where mutants roam the streets, assassins and rogues skulk in shadowy alleys, airships float along the city skyline, and wizards strike deals with ancient demonic forces. Quite simply, Gaslite is whatever you want it to be. It is an intentionally rules lite system designed to be limited only by the imagination of the GM and his players.
I knew his birthday was coming up and I’ve really thought about what it is I would like to say about this massive constant in my life and really it comes down to this:
The Illumination by Kevin Brockmeier
It’s a mini Ikea sofa!
The man seems very credible but how could he not know what the sperm would be used for? How many men out there stop by and make donations without knowing what is happening to them?
Barack Obama had been shaped, formed and molded by the Luciferian Military-Industrial-Congressional Complex since birth. President of the United States, Barack Obama is only an illusion. Obama is part human-part robot, a damn Cyborg reeking mindless and robotic warfare, death and destruction across the globe.
to feed her growing mind and heart.
And with the deep emotional yearning for the unidentified,
I have a lot happening in my life right now. So much that I'm struggling to handle it all. But I will. I'll get through it and come out the other end. And so, I have no doubt, will my friends.
When I just don't know, I will have to guess - is it ELO or JLS?
Our last bar for the night was in the ever popular Home Sweet Home where the number 1 came out – Jack Daniel’s. Accompanied with a juicy burger to help soak up the nights tipples, it was a rather fitting end to a great insight into the world of whiskey. The treat of Yamazaki 12yr was a personal highlight, with the need to visit both Trof and Noho again to experience more of their offerings!
Sun shaded,
“Politics According to the Bible – A Comprehensive Resource for Understanding Modern Political Issues in Light of Scripture” is Grudem’s attempt in creating a resource for Christians in understanding and interacting with government. Written in three sections, the first lays out a thorough explanation of how Christians approach the balance of faith and politics. He then develops a biblical worldview that addresses many of the passages where the Bible addresses politics. The second section deals with particular issues relating to a wide range of topics most specifically focused on political policies. In the final section he addresses the culture of politics and how it works in the US.
my mistakes are dead
The band name is taken from the final ship that the brothers' grandfather ever sailed on as a captain (Vigri RE-71). The making of Pink Boats began in Flatey Island. The initial plan was to record the album over a one month period but soon the project began to expand from the original intentions. Still, most of the album was recorded on an old laptop with only one microphone. In accordance with the unique atmosphere surrounding the Flatey Island recordings, the band decided to continue recording the album in unusual places, such as Esjustofa Restaurant at the roots of Esja mountain, a community centre of a retirement home in Reykjavík, an abandoned herring storage tank in the west fjords of Iceland and the tall tower of Hallgrímskirkja Church in the centre of Reykjavík. The album's name derives from a vision that haunted the band during their recording sessions when the red Icelandic sunset would lie over the sea's horizon and turn all the boats from white to pink.
Knowing that you and God and every other of God’s creations are inseparable is love. Knowing that Earth is a sentient, conscious life herself and respecting all of her life forms is love.
Determined to avenge the killing of her father, Francesca Giordano defies all convention to claim for herself the position of poisoner serving Cardinal Rodrigo Borgia, head of the most notorious and dangerous family in Italy. She becomes the confidante of Lucrezia Borgia and the lover of Cesare Borgia. At the same time, she is drawn to the young renegade monk who yearns to save her life and her soul.
RXFNU Blog (rxfnublog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Production on the Kiwi breakfast staple had to be suspended after earthquake damage to a cooling tower at the company's Christchurch factory rendered the nearby Marmite building unsafe.
I will miss the legitimately local aspect of eating and cooking in Western Mass. While I never went so far as to buy the “No Farms, No Food” bumper sticker, I understand the concept more than I ever did. Once I move back to PA, I don’t know the next time I will cook a meal composed entirely
Keg: Magic Rock Human Cannonball at The Craft beer company
But- this is all besides the point-
Cole Phelps is a lowly patrol officer when L.A. Noire begins. He joined the L.A.P.D after military service in World War II and soon starts making a name for himself. The opening four episodes of the story end with his promotion to detective. Phelps craves structure and authority to prove himself, but he possesses all the subtlety of a police siren. He expects nothing less than the fearless execution of his duties, and he dismisses any collateral damage incurred from that pursuit. Phelps is often the worst kind of honest cop: an up-tight bureaucrat carrying a gun. He throws himself into the role of detective with intense gravitas and barely concealed pride.
Dream job in book publishing.
Limbaugh publicly apologized, so did Heaton, who offered her regrets Saturday before making her account inaccessible.
She also received a First Holy Communion Madame Alexander First Holy Communion doll “with brown eyes” from Nana and Guka which she took to Mass.
"Now, both Barack and I have said a lot today about the importance of the relationship between our two countries and our peoples," he said. "Like my predecessors, I'm proud of our essential relationship and of Britain's strong national bond with the United States of America. I feel it in my bones."
Morris took full advantage of the bell! He was eating icy ice-cream and drinking hot chocolate like nobody’s business. He woke me 4am and asked can I ring the bell mom? I told him to try it, and success another round for my boy. Because of the care and happy doctors and nurses this whole ordeal was a positive experience for Morris. He was even a little sad to leave – it was like being at a hotel just him and I, he told me. Amazing how a little positivity can change a life changing event for someone.
Lene
More than once I have seen someone deny that he was the driver in an accident ('my mate was driving and he legged it') to be confronted with the fact that the airbag has his DNA on it. Being smacked hard in the face with the bag produces ample traces of saliva snot and assorted tissue.
- 15% have shared naked photos or videos of themselves.
They told their story in a visual way full of textures and subliminal meanings and they learned to honor their own stories within their own forms!
In May, 2011, Victoria Strauss at Writer Beware wrote an excellent blog about how a certain “traditional publisher” had started a fee-charging literary agency. I’ve recently started to receive queries from this agency (along with other fee-charging agencies), and I thought it was important to write this blog and share my views on the quality of the queries from the fee-charging agencies that contact us.
And now that we have that amazingness out of the way, I promised you guys a contest, didn't I?
But PHI, which advocates for long-term care workers, tells us that a large percentage work only part-time or for part of the year. Average annual earnings were thus $16,800.
½oz Old New Orleans Spiced Rum
Magnolia Doohickey's Die «Old Swedish Lace», Stampin' Up! Punch «Oval» and «Scallop Oval»
Your face your touch makes me quiver and I feel so week,
We laughed our butts off with artist Cindy Wunsch of Studio Be. We knew right away we were going to like her because she just tells it like it is. And with her southern accent, she totally pulls it off! She has a studio in Nashville where she teaches classes + invites other artists to come teach as well. She asked us if we'd ever be interested in teaching a class.....
Put the flour in a mixer bowl, make a well in the middle, pour 2 cups of water, the yeast mixture, and olive oil. Process on low (with dough attachment) until all ingredients mix together, add a few drops of water if its too dry. Increase the speed to medium high, and continue to mix for 10 minutes. The dough should be soft, moist, elastic, and transparent when stretch, like this!.
I belong to Camp 2...but today, I'm lazy...so I just put some chocolate syrup on it.
And as I’m afraid I may hurt people and don’t want to, I keep it for myself, then I’m angry because I don’t manage to connect, and I become sad as I’m not consistent with whom I want to be. AAAAAAAarrrrrghhhhhhh again!
In regard to my mobile telecommunications device, I am what the experts would refer to as a “technological laggard.” Mashable and TechCrunch would entirely frown upon the flip phone I used to use up until just three years ago.
Hubbie came home just as the rain started this evening. And #1 son came in from Asheville with the replacement door for his house that the robbers damaged. I know what he will be doing tomorrow !!
"I have 20 cattle now," he told the paper. "We will breed them, take them to the abattoir, slaughter them and then sell the meat."
Then it was back to work, a place I really and truly love because, see, a classroom full of hormonal teenagers is a cakewalk after two weeks trapped with my family. Of course, the hormonal teenagers were less thrilled with the end of vacation than I was, the poor dears, but I shocked them back to reality with that famous back-to-school assignment we all grew to hate: The Vacation Essay. Muahahaha. And I must say, I was most pleasantly surprised with the results. These kids, sometimes they really surprise me! All of them claimed to have done nothing at all during the holidays, and that writing a paper of the length I demanded was impossible. But they managed, the poor critters, and I ended up with a few gems to file away in the 'Interesting Stories of High School Kids' folder that I am keeping, including the story of one poor soul who only wanted to ride his bike in the local sub-zero tundra and found himself with a numb 'member number one'. I laughed until my sides hurt with that one.
(Not that I would ever hurt anyone, mind you). And truth be told, my co-worker’s husband had it coming. He is a most unpleasant person, but I am usually much more nice than this and I ended up becoming angry with myself.
Now for my blog candy-Hmmm How about another kit??? Yikes Did I just say that?
We have met several people who homeschooled, and they are a self-sufficient, ecclectic bunch--people who made me realize how dependent I was on someone to tell me when/where/how to start. They just dove in.
"Actually, no. Don't. I'll just get psyched out if I know."
Hurrah, today’s the end of the third term of the Australian school year, and there’s nothing like the joy of chucking winter uniforms into a large heap. In a slightly bizarre twist to schooling that I am still struggling to get my head round, students in their last year of school in Australia actually leave school at this point. Unlike the UK or US system, all the graduation ceremonies, prizegivings and dinners happen before they sit their exams and they then wander back into school in a strange state of limbo to sit their final exams in about a month’s time. As a consequence of this system, Drama Queen No. 1 will go back to school in a couple of weeks as part of the new top year of school and will start her last year of study which based on parental rumour is going to be a testing year for one and all and I am anticipating that even the dog will be on tranquillisers by the time she picks up her pen in her first exam in 2012.
9. More Than Just This Song (Featuring Steve Wariner)
3. The private celeb prosecutions may reveal Coulson’s active involvement in phone hacking.
Having lived in Oklahoma now for three and a half years, this was not surprising. It's band all the way down here, and I recently had an epiphany: it's because college sports are such a huge deal, and they want people to play in the band at football games.
My dear friend TJ posted this on her blog "humble origins"and i also wanted to share my gratitude list with you all and TJ.
Blond knows that he is vulnerable to such criticism but denies accusations of nostalgia with a simple, ‘the past WAS better than the present’. But his romantic discussion of poverty before the rise of the social democratic state belies the point. Bond argues that the state stripped away the self-organizing capacity of the poor, diminishing them and trapping them into dependency. One gets a picture of bucolic medieval communities where church, charity and community ensured happy, well-adjusted poor, only to be undone by the heavy hand of the interventionist state. But this isn’t history. Missing from this picture is any sense of the vulnerabilities, of the expulsion of the undesirable, of the imprisonment of beggars, of child labour and workhouses, and the demeaning dependency on charity typically reserved for the “deserving poor”. This is indeed nostalgia not memory, not history — or, as historian Charles Maier put it, it is “history without guilt”, dangerous because it reflects a longing for a time that never was, a sense of loss for something we never had, and therefore can blind us, in this case, to the limits of community and the important role the state has played in freeing the poor from misery and dependence. The contribution of free education, universal access to health care, help in tough times, pensions, for starters, deserves more than passing mention that some good was done. And surely these “intrusions” can’t be seen as having enslaved the poor.
commendable but more
Those are the better cards I like organized into teams. When I trade with you, that is usually where your favorite team's cards come from. Some of them are packed (Yankees, Red Sox) some of them are pretty skint (Dodgers, Pirates). I am not attached to those cards in the least; they will all leave the roost (once again, eventually). Those three boxes on the right? That is a bunch of memorabilia I haven't gone through in ages. Balls, Photos, etc. I used to have about a dozen of those paper boxes full, so again, I consider this progress.
Life has been pressing on me and I finally feel the fresh air.
- 75ml milk – up to 125ml
He denied knowing anything about it. The officers talked to him for a few minutes until a gentleman showed up. It turned out this was the boy's father. More questioning eventually led the boy to admit that the wheel was in his room in their house. His father sent him home to bring it back to the police.
I can't urge UNSIGNED musician enough: SUBMIT YOUR SONG TO THIS!
Two days ago, my good thing was my cuddley fleece slippers. They're very snuggley and comforting when you wiggle your toes.
it - so don't waste time energizing your frustration and anger over
I agree that there are a lot of negative, one-sided stories regarding technology in schools, but also think that there was one good point in this article (though made passively and should have been in higher emphasis). As you may have seen, many teachers are scared of technology because they don't know what it could do, have seen poor (or no) modeling, or don't know how to do what they have seen. An EdTech rollout, no matter how powerful the devices and programs, will only be as effective as each individual teachers' implementation. Simply throwing devices into a classroom and putting "technology integration" as a checkbox on evaluation forms will result in - at best - mixed results. Teachers need support that speaks to their different levels of technology expertise. PD needs to reflect best practices we use for our own students - it must be differentiated, time-efficient and hands-on.
There are few believers who are not looking for the Second Coming of Jesus Christ. But many are looking for the wrong coming. Look at Acts 1:11,12 and we will consider His return to earth, the Hope of Israel and the Hope of theKingdomofHeavenon earth.
How could I not love coming “back home” after the wonderful flight I had from Doha, Qatar to Paris? Oh sure, the flight out of Bangkok had it’s usual “Thai” attributes – long lines at the airport for Qatar Airlines, lovely little Thai girls in cute uniforms waiting on customers as slowly as is humanly possible, and on the positive side, the traditional wai and huge Thai smile given by a young man as I passed through the last door before boarding the aircraft. Thailand is such a contradiction all the time! One minute I would just laugh and fall in love with the craziness and the next minute, I was exasperated with the foolishness of their ways!
In a world where communications can happen instantly and literally everything you've done online has the potential to live eternally, why are brands/companies not giving their updates a second thought before hitting the post button?
One keen observer, who refused to be chosen by Ferrari. If the 400th ferrari enzo, the ferrari enzo owners club and with the ferrari enzo eisenberg of Michael Schumacher. The FXXs equipped with a subframe for the Italian firm created the ferrari enzo owners club, the ferrari enzo owners club plus some invaluable input from none other than the company's engineers also.
Or we could describe the day based on friends. I woke up to a quiet house. My roommate had stayed the night with friends. Ah, the sound of silence. Off to the game. On my way I ran into one of the players, walking her dog to the gym. We talked on our way in. She told me of her latest crush. To the gym where I said hi to another player, chatted with a player’s mom, and sat in the stands to watch warm-ups. During warm-ups I waved to several other players. Another friend came in and we watched the game together. A sad play-off loss, but we still have another chance. Game over, run home to greet friends. My roommate and I had a believing couple and their son over for 5 o’clock tea. Amazing conversation. I am full of thanksgiving for this couple! They leave, and I deliver pastries to the neighbors. These neighbors are my landlord’s sisters and they are a hoot and a half! One is practically blind, the other is basically deaf. Home to fill up a plate with cake, then off to the new neighbors. A new family moved into the building a few weeks ago. As far as I can tell, its two single girls in their 20s/30s and their parents. Their grandparents are staying with them at the moment so their grandma can have tests done at the hospital. The girls recently opened a beauty salon. We talked about everything from my background to university studies to the tort problem in America (but not in so many words). And we have basketball in common. They have a friend playing on the other women’s division two basketball team in Ankara. Turkey is indeed a small country.
Checks are an old fashioned form of payment, they leave a solid carbon footprint, but they also leave a reliable paper trail which you can use to track and retrack your steps. A trail you can bring to a court if a dispute shall arise. One can never be too cautious in the matters of money.
~ Carl Jung
"A-HA!" I shouted in her face! "I mean, oh, really, you know him from school. That's nice."
In a round room, dark and gloomy, seven authors, all of them wearing black, sat uneasily on gargoyley chairs. They chattered and chivvied and rubbed their hands on the knees of their worn black trousers.
I hope it comes back again soon.
As a fiber enthusiast, I am going into my
If You Participate, Do You Have to Create Something?
Todd: If Romney takes Tennessee this
When the garden flowers baby are dead yes
And now I have somewhere to stay, if I ever go to Wales.
One never knows if the weather man/woman is to be believed. Lately, they seem to be in a rut saying one word: rain.
With today heating up, I am glad I was able to get today’s run while it was still bearable outside. The run was mostly in the neighborhood and partly on the Greenway Trail. It was 9.65 miles in 1:22:59.
Since 1994 more people have been dying in South Africa on a regular monthly basis than in any other full-scale war anywhere in the World.
Next, I just filled in the sketch with a dark brown acrylic paint, using heavy strokes to make it look like bark.
Gave way to older toys.
Dwight Howards number are better as he is averaging 2 more ppg, 3 rpg, and 1 bpg more than Bynum according to http://espn.go.com/nba/player . Howard also plays against tougher competition in the East division of the NBA. So seriously what causes all this hype to make people believe Bynum is better than Howard.
Some guys will want to clap at this, but cant... cause she is sitting right beside him.
1)One could ask this of any art form. Why should there be ‘serious’ books, serious paintings, serious music… and so on? The ‘I-only-want-to-be-entertained’ logic could as easily be applied in these other fields and the equivalent of the ‘box office’ would also offer the same sort of ‘circular’ justification.
I was born on January 12th, 1993, and I have a brother older than me by three years.
It appears that someone, probably a kid, came barrelling down the little path next to my parking spot at home, and got outta shape, going a little too fast. What this appears to mean is, he or she put the handlebar end down…. in my paint.
Lunder says pesticides were measured in six different ways to calculate overall scores:
Mental health is an important, but often misunderstood, aspect of our lives. Understanding the various mental disorders is vital for all, which is one of the reasons that May is designated as Mental Health Month.
Mother Earth says here that without All-Attractive Krishna everything else that was once good becomes lamentable and pathetic. Morality is fruitless without the All-Attractive center. The higher and lower gods and ancestors are not worthy of worship nor have they any real power to bestow benedictions without the All-Attractive center. The sciences of sages become tangential, blurred and misled; the pursuit of saintliness is meaningless; the responsibilities of the stages of material and spiritual development (varnāśrama) are hollow without the All-Attractive center, Śrī Kṛṣṇa.
I could eat pretty much all day. I love snacking, eating, drinking, munching.
Then I went back into the house and took another look at Student X's composition. It was still horrible.
Sunday September 16 – Saturday September 22nd (Contest location will be announced by July 1, 2012)
re-inspected to ensure they are properly fused, to prevent any potential flue products from being expelled into the living space of a home. The lack of fusing between joints has been attributed to an inadequate application of cement.
Low point: The culprit behind the poisoned chocolate was predictable
Apparently, lane swim only still means only one lane set up (with 2 people already swimming in it) and the rest of the pool full of people floating on pool noodles. So I left. And wrote a complaint to the recreation department of the city, also asking how I could better approach the situation.
farmers for title to land, rural
Get the skillet good and hot again, and then heat 2 more tablespoons oil. Add the chicken and chili flakes if using. Stir-fry until the chicken loses its raw color and gets browned, about 3-4 minutes. Add the hoisin sauce, return the broccoli to the pan and toss to heat through. Stir in the reserved cornstarch mixture and bring to a boil to thicken. Add more water if need to thin the sauce, if necessary. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if you like. Mound the stir-fry on a serving platter or divide among 4 plates and garnish with sesame seeds; serve with rice.
Gold of the Amazon Women was one of those movies that always glanced at me from the shelves at the video store as a kid. I never really glanced back because I wasn't clearly the target audience for a movie about half-naked Amazon women wanting men for breeding, at least that was how the cover texts described it. Now
This is what we are going to try to avoid. Remember, feelings are not good or bad…they’re just feelings. One of my favorite Melody Beattie quotes about feelings is,
Me: Yes, I was thinking this morning that, even with the aches and pains you have in your legs, you got lucky cuz you have super genes.. I hope I got your genes in the health department.
Social work allows me to be everything I really want to be, with the hope that I can help to do the same for others.
While these roommates may be considered the odd couple at Wildlife Safari, caretakers says it's like nothing they've ever seen.
I think im gonna offer out my services as a stud
I love the references to The Wizard of Oz - it's one of my all time favourite movies - and the little nods (i.e. the rainbow, the tornado, the change from black and white to colour)
Brownies always sound good to me, but I especially love them on cold nights. I saw this recipe over on hannah's blog a few weeks ago and knew I had to try it out. And just as I suspected, they're perfect!
We know the "Island" to be an "Island" of magical power and such, and blurring of "Island" events and off "Island" events were always there.
Investing in the Partnership means investing in its team. Our investors see us as a vehicle for taking action on the issues most important to the region; our staff is the well-oiled engine that keeps the vehicle running smoothly. Because our economic environment is continuously changing, our staff and leadership must be transformative and innovative; it must think strategically and be able to move the important issues forward. With that, I’m proud to announce that earlier this month, two of the Partnership’s senior leaders, Elisa Degregorio and Kelly Kavanaugh, graduated from The Leadership Institute Executive Transformation Program held by USF Center for Transformation and Innovation.
South Africa has it's own little Idi Amin in the form of one Julius Malema, who is the ANC "Youth League" president - at the ripe age of 30 years old. Yes, he's still leading and corrupting the youth of the Marxist ANC when he should be thinking about his retirement. Mr Malema of the notorious Matric (Year 12) results as follows:
Here are those pesky rules I like to make you follow!
“Vision,” mine read.
Next up is a twenty-something guy I’m guessing is house-sitting for friends of his parents.
the delight of living without denial
It reads:
Take off your dress, daughter. We have work to do.
Imagesandwords at optonline dot net
- Bought sweets to place in the favors. Lucky for us to chance upon a newly opened Taiwan based sweet shop in JP.
POST LENGTH - everyone rambles, I'm guilty, I'm doing it now... for challenge posts, I love the short ones, after paragraph 5, ADD kicks in and I just want to skip to the bottom. Pictures and comics are a great.
10. SLEEP! You have to or all that information you are cramming into your brain will not stick. Your bed misses you. Go comfort it!
1979 Open Road Mens 3-speed
I had the bag in my cart, and while I waiting in line at the cash to pay, I kept up an internal monologue with myself. It went something like this:
Should the agreement be broken, for example by one party not providing the service in the agreed manner or period of time, a bright blue mark appears in the palm of the violator. This not only shows they have broken a commitment but allows them to be easily tracked by the spell Locate Spittle Bound and makes other divinations about the breacher easier as well.
What adds further weight to it’s illegitimacy is the fact that Pringle only promoted his credentials only a few times. The second time I found he used his doctorate credentials, he was too vague to explain where he got them, what he got them for and who gave them to him. Even if he knows his doctorate is meaningless, why would he not promote people to call him ‘Doctor’ anyway?
1 paths
The Jerusalem Post has an exclusive interview with S. who took part in the operation, who is described as "the 15th and last Shayetet 13 commando to rappel onto the ship." His description paints a totally different picture of the events than we have received in most of the international media until now. From the perspective of the soldier, the melee on the Marmara was an organized ambush carried out by trained fighters who used the cover of the flotilla to attempt to capture or kill Israeli soldiers.
"Yah. Sex it up."
There is, of course, no going back, in a world where in the not too distant future, smokers will no doubt risk arrest in the street, and smoking in your own home will be a criminal offense if you so much as employ a cleaner or chimney sweep, returning to my old addiction is not a practical proposition.
I literally had to drag my son out of the building by one arm since he’d refused to walk. And wasn’t wearing shoes. And then drag him through the parking lot to the car. Barefoot. And then put down the baby car-seat I was carrying* and chase him through the parking lot when he ran away from me. Oh, then he spat on me. Repeatedly. Pretty much every horrible thing that could have happened, happened. Very publicly. And loudly. And barefoot.
In 1986, my bedroom window at Vermont & Mariposa looked at the sunset over Sutro tower. The other side of it seemed like a foreign land, like on the other side might be the other side of the world, where someone had told me their sun comes up when ours goes down and they start their day as we are going to bed. It didn't occur to me that on the other side of it was just the Sunset, where we had moved to Potrero Hill from a house at 2206 39th Avenue. A Chinese family had bought it in probate and wanted to sell it to my parents. They had it appraised around $108,000. My dad couldn't really see the value in it, and neither was really ready for the commitment.
Lawton’s dairy is one of the nicest barns I have ever walked into. It’s bright and well light. The girls are all so clean. There is no poop built up behind them when they stand in their tie stalls to be milked. If there is even a spot of poop on the cow, she gets cleaned. It’s a beautiful thing!
At the most recent Life Is Good Conference, I had more than a few chats with Diana Jenner, she's over there on my list of blogs in case you want to see some more of her.
The map shows the slow, steady, but very piecemeal expansion of the brewery. Even well-known brewers like George Younger operated on a modest scale.
I experimented in the kitchen and came up with this very nice recreation of the earthy, yet delicate-tasting Dnipro salad, though it wasn't exactly the same. I shall have to return soon for another container of this mycological manna, but in the interim, this version makes an excellent treat for the table, slathered on some sturdy bread or eaten plain as a side dish.
2. Invite younger employees to contribute their ideas. It’s their “out of the box” perspective you are after.
THE VAMPIRE DIARIES (8:00-9:00 p.m.) and THE SECRET CIRCLE (9:00-10:00 p.m.) conclude their season runs on Thursday, May 10.
Chotah Ru tossed himself into the teenager’s curved, sinewy arms. “Catch yourself a Miss Bobcat today?” Eli flipped Rufus over for a tummy massage.
I highly recommend that you all scurry over to Old Knudsen's blog, as he is really asking for it this time. Catch up now, before the Prods do him in. Old Knudsen can only hope that the Ulster Frys do Mad Dog in before Mad Dog has a chance to get poor Old Knudsen (what with that wooden leg and all, he can't run very fast anymore).
When my eldest came home from camp last night I was all ready to make Hainan Chicken rice as I know it is a real fave of his but he surprised me by asking for my Chicken pie.
Of course it goes without saying that after you have approved the proof and your child is sent out into the world, you will discover several more typos or grammatical no-nos in it and you hang your head in defeat.
Most small businesses attempt to perform bookkeeping responsibilities as a way to save some money. The reality is that when a professional takes on the responsibility, it not only saves a ton of time and stress, but it allows the owner to do other aspects of the business that will help it grow.
Jane Relf - vocal
Schedule your generator operating time to cover the usage of your high-amperage appliances. Running your generator from 7:00 am to 10:00 am for example might cover operation of the furnace, microwave oven, electric coffee pot, toaster, hair dryer and the water pump for showers. Your batteries will also be recharging during this time.
Shamefully, I have not used as many Montessori lessons and activities as I had hoped. Early on, I did the great lessons "God who has no Hands", "Coming of Man", and Early Language. I have given the presentations of nouns and the snake game and have used the golden beads for dynamic addition and subtraction.
Now it would have been a quick slap up of paint, but nothing is ever that easy in this house. One of the previous owners thought it would be great to use some more of that lovely faux wood trim and put up chair rails before this precious green colour went up....everywhere. Most of it was taken down at some point, but instead of smoothing out the wall and repainting, they just ran some of the paint along where the railing was. Leaving a lovely, highly visible line all around the room. So as I went each wall had to be spackled and sanded to try to get rid of these lines.
As you know our DNA is what identifies us. Our DNA points to us and says that is the one! It is he or she! DNA is science it cannot lie. It is fact and it is true. It is reality. DNA decides who is who. DNA is who you are. If you are not what evolution wants you must be eliminated. Your DNA decides if you live or die.
The sun is out this brisk morning in the Northwest. I have been wishing for warmer weather, but I will take some cloudless sky. Granted this rendition of Paisley isn't in cowgirl form, I guess you could say she is on vacation. I had to do something to get me out of the cold winter blues. "THINK WARMER THOUGHTS" As I am saying this, there is frost covering my deck. LOL
So... sucker that I am, I dished out my $19.95 and arrived home with my Pancake Puffs kit.
She offered me self forgiveness
I have learned from Jim Rohn and will continue to study, learn and practice all that Rohn believed and taught. I will follow in his footsteps until I too have made a fortune!
The universe is a great place for a big party. This is because it’s large. Very large, apparently. The whole thing’s pretty groovy, in a sort of beardy “woah dude, that shit is awesome” sort of way. Add into this a whole bunch of asteroids, planets, moons, nebulae clouds, dust clouds, comets, super massive black holes, slightly smaller black holes, stars, neutron stars, binary stars, supernovae, red dwarfs, white dwarfs, seven dwarfs, galaxies, et cetera and so forth, and the party’s beginning to get started.
4:00 p.m.-- Salsa social in the Biggish City near My Small Town.
Alfamart has big number of members in program consumer loyalty card. We can say this program can be categoried to sales promotion, with member card as promotional tool. Consumers who have member card can get benefit from their transaction, example: discount and gift.
Thanks & All the best, Simon
This turned out to be a simple way to cook the shrimp. I do think next time I will shorten the length of time in the ice water. It seemed to make them overly firm. Just refrigerating before peeling might be good enough.
What was FBML?
In November 2005, I got a flu, which, try as I might, I never seemed to recover from. I seemed to be living with constant flu symptoms -- constant exhaustion, achiness, joint pains, a sore throat that never went away and bouts of fever and chills, just to name a few.
eBooks have overtaken their paper equivalents in terms of sales from the Amazon US store and I is my guess that the same is going to happen here and that ebooks are about to take off. This is going to allow independent author a direct and simple route to market, so people like myself can have a crack at putting some work out there.
The legislation resolves the Nambe-Pojoaque-Tesuque Valley litigation known as the Aamodt case, which has been unsettled for more than 40 years. It also resolves and provides funding for the Taos Pueblo water-rights claims, known as the Abeyta case, and provides direct funding of $180 million for a Navajo-Gallup pipeline, which is part of the Navajo Water Rights Settlement in New Mexico.
means for verifying the calling party responsive to a code transmitted from the calling party station to the special exchange so as to verify that the code matches the special customer code in the memory means and the calling party has unused credit; and
He's developed a lot of Independence by "fixing" his own lunch.
In the last 7 days Origami Bank has folded.
Or better yet, date a girl who writes.
*Nominate those 15 bloggers for the Versatile Blogger Award.
First lets start with our winner from last week's challenge...
Serve with tortilla chips.
4. Transfer bacon to a bowl and set aside. (Take out some of the bacon grease if you think it's too much.) Add sprouts to the skillet, season with salt and pepper.
Cambridge
A Christmas Visitor ... Hallmark Channel ... 2 AM
so I think it's cool for customers and sellers too!
Justine Roberts, co-founder and chief executive of the Mumsnet website, welcomed the proposed new protections for websites.
The first thing he said to us is “Oh I’m sure you guys are such loyal fans. Name five players.” I wish this was the first time some ignorant man has said this to me. Is that the true test of a loyal fan? If you can name five players? This is news to me.
It is too painful I cannot bear it.
And, if you’re hosting a Derby Day party – don’t forget a fabulous invitation to make a strong impression from the start! Here are a few of our favorite Derby-inspired invitation designs.
He turned back, drew close and looked into her eyes, his foul breath crawled across her face.
I've been a writer for both a morning news program and a primetime news magazine and have written for at least a dozen household name anchors.
You and I will have so much fun
Anyways, the couple of cards made yesterday were given to my two lovely co-workers/boss - Betsy & Susan. And to brag a little, they also have got a HUUUUGE Costco-sized Chocolate Box. Yum!
Besides those cookie bites, I did well yesterday. I had my whole-grain oats with crunchy peanutbutter for breakfast, a mixture of green beans, diced tomatoes, green peppers, and chicken breast browned in olive oil for lunch, a yogurt with four strawberries and some toasted almonds for snack, meatballs with green beans for dinner, and nothing else. It was on the low side for calories, but today I will add an extra snack of fruit and protein.
If you notice any out, please feel free to let me know and I will report it for you.
Thus begins the vicious sugar cycle.
For now though Romney does have the lead in Nevada. Some folks are inclined to write off his strength in the Silver State as a function of the large Mormon presence in the state. That doesn't tell the whole story though- Romney does lead Perry 64-11 with Mormons but they only account for 13% of the Republican primary voters we polled. He leads Perry 26-19 with non-Mormons as well. So you can credit 6 points of his lead- about half of it- to the Mormon vote but his appeal extends beyond that.
around carefully, thinking about whatever your
That said, a quick perusal of the grocery side of the store revealed a few standout deals. Bananas were .36/lb., a full eight cents lower than H-E-B's regular price. Walmart's in-house imitation of Triscuits sold for $1.32, compared to H-E-B Hill Country Fare Woven Wheats at $1.67.
In terms of the law, if Selebi has lost the confidence of the Cabinet, President Thabo Mbeki may establish a board of inquiry consisting of a judge of the high court as chair and two other suitable persons to look into the circumstances under which confidence was lost, compile a report and make recommendations.
The only way to be recommended and referred is to be remembered. Does your personal brand pass the test? Can others recommend and refer you, based on how well they know who you are and what you do?
Angie Lewis, Vice President, Relationship Manager-Business Banking
Just like O’Sullivan presents the brutal truth of landscape to escape asethetisized, apparently spiritual sense of landscapes presented by the romantics, Sone seems to take our current received symbols of a spiritual landscape and thwart its power through exaggeration. Sone knows that landscapes can have a powerful effect, and it does not escape him that a snow covered hill or meadow can carry a sort of sublime rejuvenation for people, that snow can become a sort of spiritual site. The spiritual comes with all of the symbols and icons that are typically taken as spiritual around the world – the short exhibition essay talks about the cultural significance of the snowflake, its boundless variation suggesting an intelligent design. Sone presents this snowflake while at the same time enhancing of the Renaissance Society’s space as is the fashion in Japanese gardens or in Shinto Shrines, where the nuance of nature is meant to be constantly promoted by the constructions of man, latching a person in with the rhythms of life.
I asked for help in choosing the name of my two show in Edinburgh this year – the registration was due at 5PM yesterday. I found out at five pm yesterday that the actual deadline for show information is Friday. Now I have extra two days to stress and worry and still make a mistake. I’ll be at the Hive at 4:45pm and the Seven Sisters at 8:15pm this year.
was our MINDS AND BODIES,
”It´s already been placed in my garden. It fits perfectly.”
We had yet another occupational therapy evaluations last night for Ayden. We've been on the waiting list for quite a while for this appointment so it was nice to finally get it taken care of.
will get you through.
This ‘emo’ youth was one of nearly 100 who were targeted for having a western hairstyle or wearing ‘American jeans’
This image is from my 'look see' visit to Vietnam, to see what life will be like
The CBI doesn’t provide an analysis of deposits at the covered banks – about the only analysis it doesn’t provide – but in terms of all banks operating in Ireland including foreign and IFSC banks, Irish household deposits fell by €0.4bn in February, the second month in a row to see declines. Household deposits at all banks are now back at August 2011 levels. Total deposits from all sources in all Irish banks fell €14bn in February, mostly as a result of a decline in €12bn in deposits by euro area (non-Irish) depositors.
Russell L. Carson
Except in the papers there was no ‘us’, there was only me. EVIL BUS DRIVER’S ROYAL KIDNAP ATTEMPT.
Boykin is a player who has caught my eye on multiple occasions in the past and he continued to impress in this game. Boykin has an impressive frame standing 6-2 215 lbs. In this game Boykin really displayed his field awareness and natural hands as he routinely plucked the ball away from his frame and showed the uncanny ability to make the tough catch look easy. At times he has a tendency to let the ball get into his pads, but he seems to have above average mits for a WR at the next level. I love how he always knows where he is on the field at all times and comes down in bounds no matter where his body is in space. To me this is a skill that cannot be taught and shows just how much work he has put in to work on his superior concentration and receiving skills. Boykin also shows the ability to make plays both on the short and long routes, speaking largely about his ability to become a legitimate weapon at the next level. Boykin has already become Tech’s all-time leading receiver and his future sure seems bright as I see him becoming a solid #3 WR at the next level. Boykin is a player who does all the small things right, including working to make blocks downfield to spring his team-mates for a few extra yards. I have also noticed that Boykin has above average to good top-end speed to separate from defenders and his ability to create after the catch is also a plus in his book. Overall I like Boykin and think he will find a way to contribute at the next level in what is already a deep WR class. Somebody very well could be getting a steal with a player like Boykin in the 4th round or later.
SOLUTION: This app allows me to make a ‘list’. I make one for Mon, Tues., etc. On the Monday List I have my “usual” tasks in my book writing area: i.e. Editing: computer changes on manuscript, Networking: write on 2 blogs, Research: Reading, Actual writing: book, posts, articles for other blogs, etc., Rewrites, Research: other authors, editors or illustrators. (No, I don’t do all this on one day! It’s just an example of the “repeat” to-do’s I work on over the weeks time).
“I don’t want to say over the phone, can you please just get here quick?” What he didn’t want was for Reilly to laugh and hang up on, him.
Planned Stuff:
Our final day was spent in Winter Park with old friends. They hold season passes there, so it was a natural place to meet. But what I saw was anything but "natural". At least by my definition.
The Guatemalan kidnapping sent shockwaves which have reverberated throughout the sea-bed of the inter-country adoption ocean, causing a literal tsunami of regulations to flood out orphanages from Ethiopia to Manila. As regulations increased, adoptions decreased.
Aunty Sal xxx
i don't know and didn't bother to try to figure out which game is represented on the guerra card, but the kottaras card was easy - it was the only game kottaras appeared in against the dodgers all year.
Wed-AM: 1:29, 2600' ~ Green Mt.
This dish makes for a great breakfast on the weekends since it takes a little time for prep and baking. However, the prepared granola can be stored in the fridge for up to 2 weeks in a tightly covered container, which makes for quick and easy reheating.
4 cups chicken stock
1/2-1 tsp fresh lemon zest
While I imagine there’s some truth to Pelosi’s remarks, I would offer the addendum that the changes have been positive in our ability to participate more actively in the public discourse about our nation’s governance and our ability to organize around the ideas we feel most strongly about, but representative democracy of the sort that takes place in the musty old halls of Congress is a thing of the past as long as it’s so completely dominated by the ethic of print. For the record, the ethic of print is crucial to any enduring set of beliefs, and so we truthfully need our Congress more than ever. It’s simply unlikely that it will survive the radical changes that electronic communication has brought about in its present form.
Man had intimacy with God- real intimacy. God’s fellowship with man was unbroken and one of delight. The Bible tells us that only mankind was created in the image of God. He and man were together and there was no enmity between them. Because man was created in the image of God, he could know him in a way that we can describe as perfect and complete. However, his relationship to God had not been tested yet. So, God decided to place one restriction upon them in the midst of the blessing.
Loyal. If you look good, keep clean, never lose weight, never wear a weave, don’t drink, don’t smoke, don’t use swear words and never get a salary higher than his. If you don’t like it, there’s your best friend.
defending against litigation independent of whether they are considered to be
I'm not going to lie, I hate Panera for reasons unrelated to it's healthiness. I spent about 6 months working on a project a couple of years ago in which we had 2 or 3 lunch meetings a week. At those meetings we almost always had Panera, and aside from the French onion soup and lemonade, I never liked any of their food. Many times a sandwich would sound good but actually taste horrible. But, I always kinda thought Panera's food was better for me than typical fast food.
Franck Pourcel
"No," his friend replied, "This is good!"
If you are going to offer services, offer something that a business owner needs. Even if it is manual labor, (painting, mowing the lawn, etc) it’s getting money and the impression that you can work and aren’t afraid to scrap the bottom of the barrel to get a paycheck you need.
Saturday, May 26: 10:00am - 5:00pm
As you probably know by now, I’m a big fan of Carina Press. They have a fantastic variety of titles and authors, which I appreciate because there’s something for all of my different moods. I decided to try Hunting the Shadows because I was in the mood for something a little different. Hunting the Shadows is romantic suspense tinged with the paranormal. Everyone at the Centre has some sort of gift, thanks to some genetic engineering and a lifetime of training. They really run the gamut of abilities, from telepathy like Amy, to the ability to manipulate time or change memories. Some of the folks at the Centre are working for the greater good but there are just as many people who have nefarious purposes. It’s an interesting world and it was a lot of fun getting to know its inhabitants. Amy and J. C. are great protagonists. J. C. has the strong and stoic thing down pat while Amy is a bit more open with her emotions, despite (or perhaps because of) being isolated for most of her life. I also liked most of J. C.’s teammates, even though we don’t get to know them as well as Amy and J. C. My favourites were Mackenzie and Ajay and you’ll see why when you pick up Hunting the Shadows!
Now, the real surprise came when I swatched these shadows:
See you soon with a toot and a card :)
3) The presidential campaign was interfering with Mr. Cain’s focus on sexual harassment and extramarital affairs.
When Spain joined the European Union, all the Spanish waiters in London went home. There they invested their English savings in property. They sold these properties to the English initially, but the French, Swiss and Germans soon joined in the spending frenzy, along with a surprising amount of Swiss and Swedes.
Viking and Chuck
“The boches?” This time his voice came out small.
Since getting married in June, my husband and I sold our house and moved across the country to South Dakota! It's been some crazy months, heheh. Oh yes, and I took my husband's name so I'm in the process of re-inventing my art business under Carmen Medlin now instead of Carmen Keys. (Which means my portfolio website has changed to www.carmenmedlin.com!) It just felt better to me to do it that way, even though I know I have to re-market. Hopefully I've made it relatively easy to still find me if searching for my maiden name.
The Exorcist
Bake the logs for 30 minutes or until golden brown. Take the pan out of the oven and let the logs cool for 15 minutes on a wire rack. (Tip: Slide the entire thing, logs and parchment paper, onto the rack to cool.)
Growing up and in my young adult years we did lots of backpacking and hiking. Way back before we had kids.
Instead of entities bound by a system, couldn’t these flat, one dimensional “cinematic” images be humans with names and stories? I waited a long time in the gallery, but eventually, one fellow, a prisoner, smiled and seemed to restrain his laughter. This was a human moment, the best moment of the entire display. Just knowing that this prisoner was tempted to laugh or acknowledge the absurdity of the project in which he was involved led me to see myself in him. This is of course heresy to a postmodernist, but if one wants to know power or oppose power, one has to at least acknowledge that power contains people of resistance or subjection, action or passivity. Only a system controlled by people, real subjects with real dignity, is subject to change.
Beth Pilar and Ellen Sternau have parlayed their 18-month custom-order cake business into a full service neighborhood café on the Lower East Side. Darling and delicious are the words that come to mind.
After quite some time Kurt finally located me in the back of the store looking at artwork of various strengths and weaknesses and then together we made our way over to the cowboy boot section, the fitness machine section, the vintage clothing section, the vintage glass-works section, the jewelry section and then out the door and heading for home. But not so fast, there were three more stores to stop at and so I tagged along strictly for the sake of being a good wife and not for the sake of curiosity. Ha ha. Unfortunately for Kurt he never did locate the special tool he needed but we had a great day anyway, out and about together, which happens far and few between his road trips and construction jobs.
So let's see what is blooming in South Carolina -- First is my favorite spring weed. This was taken along the roadside while walking the dogs. (Three dogs, a camera, and holding my jacket as it was warmer than I thought) These little flowers have four petals, ranging from lavender to dark purple. I have checked my sources and I do not have a firm ID. I think it is in the Houstonia family, but it is blooming in February! Any ideas?
* Make a double batch if your taking it somewhere cause it goes really fast*
Another of my personal favorites is this zombie diorama I made. It is of three zombies. They are the classic risen from the dead slow walking type zombies. Which as much as I enjoy the current work in zombie stuff these days the Night of the Living Dead style will always be my personal favorite. I especially enjoy this diorama for other reason and that is the flashing red LEDs I put up in each corner of the box. They are hard to see, but when I turn them on it adds a hilariously odd and haunting feel that I just freaking adore. I have a video I put on my YouTube page of a few seconds of how it turned out. I find it charming in a way one finds a child’s drawing charming and you put it on the fridge for everyone to see. I hope to keep making more dioramas, provided I find space for them. I might have to eventually give some of them away. But, that could be fun. Maybe one day I will hold a contest and one can be a prize of some sorts? Anyways, I should be getting back to “working” on writing/typing words and such. Some exciting stuff is on the way.
When Racer sent this to me I was literally listening to the older version of Dopesmoker on the stereo. It's fate/ kismet/ karma/ destiny....
There was as strong a prima facie case for probing the people's war theory as there was for examining the third force theory. The TRC's findings embracing the latter would carry greater weight had it shown why it dismissed the former. But, despite the voluminous evidence presented to it and without proper investigation or explanation, the commission has effectively consigned the people's war to an Orwellian 'memory hole'.
Baring's Resurrection
But the story could have been different had Parma found the cash to secure Rivaldo’s transfer back in the summer of 1996. Instead they signed his Palmeiras and Olympic team-mate Amaral (who coincidentally is still playing professional football at the age of 39). Deportivo La Coruna spotted an opportunity and snapped up Rivaldo, signalling the start of his stunning spell in Spain.
and she's naked
Looking at the economic arguments alone, even the CRAPs* should be able to discern a valid rationale…they keep offloading the costs of everything onto the Provinces*, which, in turn, merrily offload them onto the municipalities – which have a finite number of choices for raising taxes, such as fuel surcharges and business or property taxes…
I turned on the porch lights and it didn't deter him
Heirloom Market BBQ is owned and run by two friendly young chefs who happen to be a couple! Chef Jiyeon Lee is the female chef, and she is so gorgeous in her pink chef's coat, and very, very nice! She is also a Korean pop star, and she went to Le Cordon Bleu, my husband's alma mater. Jiyeon infuses the cuisine with Korean flavors as well, which you can see in many spicy dishes, and ones such as the Kimchi Cole Slaw. Her partner is Chef Cody Taylor, who worked at the Ritz-Carlton Buckhead. They met while working at Repast. The cashier was also extremely friendly, and she told us that she bakes the jumbo cookies that are for sale.
If the essence of our obedient response to God’s grace in our lives is to love him and one another (Micah 6:8; Matthew 22:37-40; James 1:27), and the feasts, festival, offerings and songs are merely a vehicle for outward expression of this love, the latter become a mockery when practiced devoid of lives that actually reflect love toward God and one another.
Quite incredibly, the EPA issued a positive report on May 1, 2012 regarding the safety and toxicity of various dispersants use in the BP Gulf Oil Spill. Included in this assessment was the use of Corexit. This report “indicated that all eight dispersants had roughly the same toxicity, and all fell into the “practically non-toxic” or “slightly toxic” category.
A woman should do whatever she decides. She doesn’t need Dr. Ali Gom’a to adjust his turban and issue a fatwa.
Up the valley of her legs
Brown Sugar Divine Twine
Let us pray….
I had a complication with my truck… My saved money after the last hit? Gone. Again.
I have done a fairly good job at rising above my emotions and I know that I am going to face some this week being away with so many other women who are facing similar challenges head on. I think that is going to be very good and very therapeutic for me!
then realize that the both of us are on two separate pages in the chapter of life. The
This was in the 80's. I guess at some point in the 90's, the 'Super Taco' morphed into something else. That fancy salsa was probably too expensive.
Actually, I decided weeks ago that I wanted to blog this recipe because (although it is not fancy) it is low in fat, easy, and really tasty. As an added bonus, it’s one of those things you can keep on hand for busy nights, as long as you have a little freezer space and some canned/jarred staples.
The resumed meeting served as a showcase for campaigners to be the next WIPO director general. Materials touting candidates’ credentials were distributed outside the room of the General Assembly, and candidates were on hand to chat and discuss the finer points of WIPO policy and management.
5-6 drops of English toffee stevia
(The eighth in her horrifying 'End of Everything' series.)
I woke up, they checked me and I was continuing to dilate but they said it seemed too slow. Ryan looked at the IV and saw that, while I was sleeping, they kept increasing the drip on the Pitocin. I felt a little betrayed. Hours later I start to feel pain in my right hip. Not contraction pain, although I felt it with each contraction, but pain down in my bone. Later I learned about the "hot spots" that an Epidural can cause. Searing hot pain down to my marrow. It didn't stop till the Epidural wore off. Speaking of the Epidural, I couldn't feel my right leg.
Although chances to show this flamboyancy regularly in the Premiership came few and far between, McFadden has demonstrated he is proficient, equally as a striker and midfielder.
Are ya gonna be a LOOKIE LOO or a WINNAH, Big Boy?
“now, father, glorify me alongside yourself. give me the same glory I had with you before the world existed.” (John 17:5 CJB)
There are of course differences between the three countries but in all three an acceptance of their nation-state now seems to be well-entrenched. This acceptance seems to be strongest in Germany -- probably in part because modern Germany is a Federal Republic with substantial power devolved to the old regions (Laender) so that local loyalties are also acknowledged. Spain has moved only partly in the direction of federalism and there is of course a strong political movement in Northern Italy for reform in that direction also.
In fact to obtain any clear description of the perpetrators, it is necessary to turn to the foreign press, much of which is by no means as reticent. Here are a few examples:
All in all, Hourglass is a stunning, refreshing debut that should by no means be overlooked. I highly recommend this one to everybody desiring something new and different from the usual paranormal or sci-fi story and to anyone who just wants to read something terrific. McEntire is a very impressive and talented creator of stories and I expect wonderful things from her in the future. I can't wait to get my hands on the next book!
I was lost for a while in a comfortable limbo, contemplating what had happened and feeling my new energy and strong emotions. It seems strange as I remember this now, some time after the vision, that at that moment within the Ayahuasca space, it took a while to realize with my higher brain functions that I had just experienced a profound and momentous vision. For a moment, I was thinking, “I should really try to remember this one!” Then it really began to sink in and a new, sharper sense of it filled me as I became more aware of my body and where I was in the ceremony. I began to notice the room and don Rober’s powerful singing. I began to feel the presence of all the others around me, working in their own fields of soul in this sacred space. I was very happy and comfortably excited. I could hardly believe my great fortune and I simply held the image of Mother Ayahuasca’s wonderful face in my mind.
When you buy Folk clothing in men’s styles, you are getting great styles, the highest attention to detail during construction. The classic Folk designs have notable touches and details that make each of these garments a winner in its look and quality. Men’s clothing this year has a few changes, but in general, the designs build on previous classics.
Note: To control viewing speed of automatic slideshow below, hover your mouse anywhere over the slide frame to see the control arrows.
Williams also told us that a backup control system to the blowout preventer called a pod had lost some of its functions.
Peel and supreme oranges and tangerines, draining and reserving juices for dressing. Supreming citrus means to peel, then using a good knife, segment them with no skins.
07. Epica – Dance Of Fate
Sixteen year old Hope's life went off the rails last year, when a stupid freakin' earthquake took away her awesome mom. Not even a butt-load of pills could numb that pain.
87. An octopus has 3 hearts.
Next we had another demo from chef Nicolas, this time Gateau Sabrina, the 3rd of our potential exam dishes.
*Chicken and waffles, a combination platter of foods traditionally served at breakfast and dinner in one meal, common to soul food restaurants in the American South and beyond.
Burn Hazards in the Home
Hopefully, my next blog post will be an announcement of babies!
caffeine
Okay Rick. You give like 4% of your ill-gotten fortune to charity and you have no honor to speak of…could you please treat your life the same way and make it go away from the public eye.
19915 SH 249
You Leftist haters of the EDL should get together with Daily Mail readers because they hate the white working class too. Oh. I forgot, Leftists are supposed to hate the Daily Mail and its readership. You seen, the theory is that the Daily Mail hates the white working class from its ‘right wing’ and ‘snobby’ perspective; whereas Howard, all those student Twitterers, UAF/SWP, etc. hate the white working class from a Leftist perspective. And they are not ‘snobby’ with it - at least not in the Hyacinth Bouquet way. Yes they are!
Being in one of the most beautiful areas of Maramures, as its name Dragos spring, you will certainly feel giddy silence that offers you mountain. Pension is situated at the entrance Petrosul Nature Reserve – Rodna.
Evans made the event such a lovely experience and I was just insanely excited about being at Arcadia head offices, can you tell I'm a fashion student?! We were also treated to drinks and nibbles and I think we all know I love treats so that was obviously brilliant. This Monday I'm going to head to Liverpool and snap up a piece from the collection, also planning on taking a few sneaky changing room pictures so you can all see how the collection is on someone short and very round unlike the pro models. I'll give my honest opinion on the selection as I do with anything! I borrowed a few of these snaps mainly ones of me and ones with becky) either off evans facebook page or Naomi thanks guys!
There will be some adjusting to do and changes happening as they shape SS into what they want it to be, so I ask you all to be patient and supportive please while they settle in. Of course I know that you will because you are THE BEST!
Similar error messages on Amazon:
Cheers: To Law School, and Life Decisions!
of time
A lot of the matches in the Championship are decided by which side wants it more. Cardiff are a tough side but I do feel we have more about us. The fixture away from home in the regular season finished with us victorious in a rather convincing 2-0 win. That result must give Allardyce and the team a massive confidence boost going into the match, but we must not underestimate their threat. They did cause us problems on the first game of the season at Upton Park with Rudy Gestede, a rather average player, causing us serious problems at the back. Of course everything they do comes through Whittingham and as we did against them earlier in the season we must contain him. You stop Whittingham, you stop Cardiff.
Religions of the world amuse me because they all believe that they are right and obviously, if they don't all come to the same conclusion, there is going to be a lot of disappointed people on "judgement" day.
11. I served mine with sweetened strawberries.
Secondly, fascism is rooted in the historic racist values of white settler society in civilising the barbarism of Maori society.The split in the Maori Party reflects the ongoing racist nature of NZ society. The Maori Party has joined the NACT regime which represents the property owning new gentry and finance capitalists as defenders of the 'nation', as contemporary kupapa - Maori who fought on the side of the settlers in the 19th century. Te Mana on the other hand represents Maori workers who are the most exploited and oppressed section of the working class. Te Mana therefore represents a potential threat of a militant working class to the ruling class and has to be cast in the role of the 'barbaric', 'uncivilised' and 'dangerous' threat to the 'nation'. To illustrate this point a recent cartoon in the NZ Herald by Emerson depicting Hone Harawira as a dangerous half-breed dog on the loose is a clear incitement to racism to brand Te Mana as the enemy of the nation.
John Rudge is off scouting at Euro 2008 and already Jan Koller of the Czech Republic is one rumoured target he is watching.
Smith-Corona Clipper. Serial 5C 419075. This is a 1959 machine, at the bottom of the line of large portables for Smith-Corona. It has no tabulator, no paper support arms, and two fewer keys than the contemporaneous Silent-Super and Electric machines we've just been looking at. However, note one obvious change on this 1959 machine; the logo on the front has been changed and is now no longer underlined. The logo on the Electric was also not underlined, either. We might then guess, roughly for the moment that the underline disappears in about 1958 or 1959. Of course, this is purely decorative and implies nothing about design- it's just a spotting feature. Note the keytops. Green, still T-section.
Through the investigation we identified Anshe Chung, the largest real estate developer in Second Life and the first US Dollar Second Life Millionaire, and approached her company to help stage the flood. Then our technology team worked with developers in Hong Kong and Boston to understand the logistics and the technologies in having total control of the environment and how to raise sea levels with no lasting damage to property or Residents.
Distance Duration Avg Pace Avg speed
this time, however, was different. he looked me in the eye (yes, he is as tall as me now), and said, “what can i do to help?”
When you consider who wrote the music as it evolved, it makes sense. The music on the first album was written almost entirely by Brian, Mikal and I over many 12 packs of beer. The second album was written almost entirely by the horns and Mike Bitz. The influences are very evident on the respective albums.
Voter 3
"Was it top 5? What was the first question?"
Dr Hotiarre takes his seat with a thank you.
How about if you could write off that debt any time you wished because your military would lay waste to anyone who complained about a default?
If Greece leaves the euro after it defaults, it can devalue its new currency, thereby stimulating demand and shifting eventually to a trade surplus. Such a strategy of “default and devalue” has been standard fare for countries in other parts of the world when they were faced with unmanageably large government debt and a chronic current-account deficit. It hasn’t happened in Greece only because Greece is trapped in the single currency.
wonderfully, PicMonkey is free, created by some of the folks that made picnik originally, and has many many of the same great features of that other site, except that i've found it's even EASIER & faster to use! hurray!
On that note, there’s more than one manga series; The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya-chan and The Disappearance of Yuki Nagato-chan are re-imaginations of the original events. For the fan that just has to soak up as much Haruhi content without trying to find doujin and fanfic diamonds in the rough, the alternate manga-verses are the way to go.
I traveled this summer to Africa & Asia. And I came away with a deeper understanding of me than I ever had before. I learned some things, was surprised by some things, settled some things, became wiser about some things. The next few posts will highlight some of these insights. I hope no one finds it too boring.
I love to paint. I even ENJOY trimming with a paint brush. But, I hate prep work. Of everything we have done in this room, I dreaded the actual taping off of the glass more than anything! :)
*Dogzilla Toys
I LOVE this stamp, and I was just so pleased to see all the wonderful new sentiment stamps available with the new IO line!
Oh, God. Not my political science degree.
Quirky in August
So… yoga… where I try to do things I don’t think I can do all the time, in spite of that voice that says “YOU CAN’T DO THAT!” (Sometimes I don’t try… but more often I do!) And where I accept gentle correction on my postures. And where I quiet my mind more effectively than I do in any other practice. This is, I think, a good practice on my journey to new life.
"May I Interrupt?"
The URA guidelines cover hotels, boarding/guest houses, serviced apartments, students’ hostels and workers’ dormitories.
The world here has been trying to turn itself inside out the last couple of days. It’s a little frightening and a little beautiful. Everything, including the people, is torn between resisting the wind and yielding to it. This is me, yielding.
5. Don't airbrush on fabrics, since the dye doesn't soak down into the fibers enough.
and we think it is a keeper.
Did I tell y'all that I joined a gym? I know, right? I'm like the most NON gym person you'll ever meet, but a) they were having a special offer for people at my work where they would waive the $150 joining fee and b) the damn gym is literally across the street from my office, so it's not like I could make up too many excuses not to go there, and c) I'm a tub of goo with high blood pressure who needs to get off my arse and do something active a few times a week. So far, I've been going on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons pretty consistently. I'm also trying to fit in one work out each weekend as well. Right now, I'm mainly doing cardio with a wee bit of free weights. After I do this for a couple of months, I'll be ready to move on to some real strength training. I was worried about how I was going to be able to pay for this each month, but then I sat down and did the math and reallized that if I brought my lunch to work at least twice a week, I could offset the cost of monthly dues. Plus save some calories as an added benefit. I'm not ever going to be a supermodel, but I'm hoping this gym membership--and the actual outlay of cash each month--will inspire me to increase my overal physical health. Because, you know, I'm FORTY FREAKIN' YEARS OLD!!
Laurie is a good cyber friend and I like to know what she's up to.
I want to begin by apologizing for not blogging more this week, but it was just “one of those weeks” where life got in the way of writing.
Stamps-I Cling Wild Flowers (from Michael's) & PTI
“When it’s all said and done, there’s more said than done.”
I hope you'll come follow along at
"Transporter 3" is a step below the wild comic book action of the film immediatetly preceeding it in the series... and even a step below the film that started it all.
Put 2 tablespoons of the milk in a small bowl, add the cornstarch, and whisk until you have a smooth slurry.
You don't need to believe it will help.
If only briefly,
If you haven’t already, please take one of each for yourself and fill it out.
Usually madeleines are time consuming little baked cakes to make but then I found a recipe that stood out as being the opposite to the norm. No pan prep-time (some require the pan to be placed in the freezer before filling), no lengthy batter wait-time....just mix it up and go. I figured why not try it out and see if they are , at best, edible. Well yes, they were edible. In fact, they were quite lovely. Eat them plain, sprinkled with powdered sugar, or better yet, dunk the tips in rich chocolate ganache.
Learning how to graciously accept it. Others need to love too!
Upon this journey, yesterday evening, I purchased the cheapest box of grog I’d bought in a while. 18 bottles of Becks 5% 285ml for, now wait for it, £2.74. Yes folks that’s right. The whole box for less than the price of a pint. How did I manage this?
Outside the civic center, a group of Christian protestors had gathered, shouting at people as they filed in (a gay party at the Pensacola Civic Center in Florida), shaking their Bibles and holding up signs that read, Turn or burn! You’re an abomination! Leviticus 18:22…. “Thank you so much for being out here and caring about our well-being,” she (Sheena) said.
5.Dry fruits -raisins,prunes,dates
My own haul? Eight little tea cups with a painted red rooster on each, for the grand price of RM1.80 each. Seriously, I’m a big spender, I am.
inthebow: When you use whole eggs the whites cause it to thicken slower. Canned coconut milk is not recommended for the best results, unless you have no other choice.
Welcome to zomb Guam.
Nice slideshow on an East Harlem "Clipper Master" in the NYT. I ended up skipping the 'Hair + Black People' agenda in my book. Chris Rock's Good Hair documentary is awesome, but even he doesn't really go in on the "black males and their intricately designed haircuts, wtf?" agenda; it's difficult! So 90% of his 90 minutes are spent in the female room, and probably rightfully so.
Joe and I spontaneously decided last night to take a road trip. Destination? “Somewhere that’s not Bergen or Passaic county,” since I have exhausted all the attractions (i.e. malls) in the area. Unfortunately, in my not so humble opinion, Bergen and Passaic are really the only counties in New Jersey that offer anything to do. Also, it gets dark at 4 pm. So a road trip in the dark, to the western parts of NJ I try to avoid, inevitably ends up being fruitless. Oh, and scary. The winding, unlit roads we had to travel going through all the small and unfamiliar towns felt like something out of Supernatural and I kept fearing that at any moment, those crazy inbred creatures from the horror classic, Wrong Turn (JK, it is an awful movie) would pop out. You know, these ones:
I haven't quite figured out a work-around for the fees tacked on to the phone bill. They have us bent over reach for the soap on that one.
HAIKU REVIEW: The 1980s:
George DiPasquale, 33, New York, N.Y.
1 pound butter
Published: October 18th 2011 by Scholastic Inc.
“The first time I became aware of leftist Jews was when, as a reporter for The Daily Cardinal, the student newspaper, at the University of Wisconsin, I was assigned to cover a meeting of the Committee Against the War in Vietnam. This was around 1965” — reminisced the evolutionary psychologist Kevin MacDonald in “Memories Of Madison — My Life In The New Left”.
If you are in the Cole Valley neighborhood, please don’t miss this San Francisco treat!
DE: Humans’ continued willingness to torture other humans and animals in the name of survival.
Pretty knitted design at neckline and back
Somewhere out there, there is another version of myself, a thirty-something stay at home mom in an unbroken home, with two kids, her own house, a cozy (real) fireplace, with no financial worries, who doesn’t find any beauty.
On a more serious note, I got into a minor argument with one of my coworkers. He’s this really funny guy who I have a blast with every day now, but with me starting this new job, he wants to get involved in the show now that I’m on board. But to be honest with you, he’s not a serious guy when it comes to work, and I honestly don’t know if I can trust him going on shoots with clients and stuff…and well I told him that after he told me that I was basically being unsupportive of him wanting to learn the ropes. I had to be honest with him because I take my job very seriously and I needed him to know that this wasn’t a joke to me. My job is on the line and I don’t want to risk it just to have fun and get distracted from being around a very good friend, you know what I mean?
The Mission Falls may or may not makes its way back to you Lynne… The colourful stuff is Noro Kureyon – which I didn’t realize came in more then one size. So Sarah, you might not be getting this either!
You see, we aren't the type that sits around feeling sorry for ourselves or for our kids. Yeah, sometimes we feel sad for a little while, but we reach out to a friend to pull us back up, and then we get mad again.
details of this competition along with other opportunities to publish flash fiction are found below:
Do you have any tips for bloggers and people who would like to start a business? Being bold, putting yourself out there, and having work experience is all important. I had a few jobs before I jumped into forming my own business and I think that made me a lot wiser about businesses and their structure in general. As I just mentioned, companies want experience, so whether you get it at your first jobs out of college, an internship during college, or by writing on your own blog, start doing something! Build up contacts and make friends with people that can help encourage you along the way.
God help us, is all I can say, and I'm not just talking about us writers but our so-called civilisation.
Today my day is full. I have a board meeting, I have to take my dog into the vet for a check-up, and I have my dance class tonight. Somewhere in there, I’m supposed to cook a turkey. Hmmm, is food really that important?
The kids have been awake every morning at a really stupid hour because jetlag is a bitch. The first morning found all four of us piled in our bed, looking at the Space Needle and eating Nacho Cheese Doritos at 3:00 a.m. The early hour sucked but I really love Nacho Cheese Doritos, so all in all a pretty good morning.
Why are so many conservatives, however, prepared to give Giuliani a pass on the non-9/11 days of his life? Like most Americans, conservatives are nostalgic for September 11 the way an earlier generation was nostalgic about World War II. It was a day when all Americans were united regardless of political ideology, race, religion (with the possible exception of Muslims) or even sexual orientation (until we later learned from Pat Robertson, Jerry Falwell and Dinesh D'Souza how gays and lesbians were actually responsible for the attacks). Americans even liked New York on September 11. On that day there was no messy war in Iraq, Katrina was the name of the leader of an '80s pop band that sang about sunshine and Walter Reed was one of the best hospitals in the country. When Giuliani is elected President we can relive those halcyon days again and again and again.
“The real menace of our Republic is the invisible government which like a giant octopus sprawls its slimy legs over our cities, states and nation. At the head is a small group of banking houses… This little coterie…runs our government for their own selfish ends. It operates under cover of a self-created screen…seizes…our executive officers…legislative bodies…schools… courts…newspapers and every agency created for the public protection.” – John F. Hylan, Mayor of New York, Mayor, 1918-1925
Race Record: Starts: 22; Wins: 8; 2 nd: 1; 3rd: 4; Win & Place Prize Money: £176,651
teary hug-filled
- malaria and dysentery ravaged the prisoners
These shots below come from a Navy .mil website .. clearly showing the “HAARP ring / Circle sweep” pattern and circumference .. done using electromagnetic modulation from a ground based station.. VLF and UHF.
The Insurgent/Sometimes Walking Sometimes Running "split" track listing
Deadline: We will accept entries until April 30, 2012 at 2 PM Central. Then we will open up voting and allow viewers to help choose their favorites as reporter. We will take voting and view counts into consideration when determining the finalists. Alex will make the final determination based on his own taste and feedback. Whereas view counts are a factor, the information covered, production value and passion will be even more important. Finally, multiple entries are encouraged, that way you can put information out in multiple formats. The earlier you submit you, the more views you will acquire.
GING KALPAPRUEK
This is a must read for anyone who has kidney disease. I had the privilege of reading Gail’s book and interviewing her on the radio. For anyone with kidney disease, this is one of the best books around written by someone who has kidney disease. I recommend this book highly!!!!!!!
Recently, I’ve been working on a series of 7 erotic short stories, of which the first 3 are now available to read/download on the world’s most popular e-book site, Smashwords, and all ABSOLUTELY FREE!
I couldn’t agree more. There’s nothing remotely artistic about smooching your own rear end, even if the perverts and ghouls would pay top-dollar to witness it. A lady of style does not sully her image by performing unnatural stunts.
Myrtle Allen’s Brown Bread from Beard on Bread
In starting to organize the recordings that I would be using in this blog I came across this cd-r in my spindle and I had no idea what this was because I never recalled Grid Iron releasing a 6 song ep. And some of the songs sounded like they could have been different mixes of tunes on Quietly, Confider but there were also songs from the Demo re-recorded as well as two songs that I never recalled hearing before on a recording. Then it dawned on me and I am fairly certain I unraveled the mystery of these songs. This is what I believe to be the story here- shortly after Grid Iron first started playing they started teaming up a lot with my band Yes Sensei for shows. We liked them a lot and playing shows together were always fun. After we, Yes Sensei that is, released our first album What I Do Best is What I Do Worst in 2002 we started looking to the future and thinking about our next release. After some discussion it was decided that we'd do a split cd with our buddies Grid Iron each of us doing six tracks each. Grid Iron had their shit together and it didn't take them very long to get their half of the split together and it wasn't before long where drummer Adam Kuhn was pestering us (rightfully so) wondering when we'd record out tunes. And unless I am mistaken (which would sure make me and this post seem rather silly- what can I say but those years were my "drunk years" so the memory is a bit fuzzy at times)- at some point Adam handed me this cd-r which was to be their six songs for the split.
I did a quick check of other Borders on my computer (Borders is civilized enough to let you check their inventory online), and of the six Borders stores I checked, five had copies.
I just have to share this because it is so easy. I wish I learned this years ago. The possibilities of how we can use this new-found skill are endless.
“Well how long have you been, um, working for Sal?”
“. . . this is for Sandy. Christ’s redemption of women is beautiful. Beautiful Womanhood is a result of redemptive wholeness. The visuals the ministry uses on the books, etc., are like a piece of beautifully veneered furniture. There is something going on with the ministry to the brokenness of abused women. In Uganda, there are hurting, abused women, and something is connecting their need and Beautiful Womanhood. Though there is nothing wrong with veneer, it is only the topping—the covering, and without good structure it is shallow and will not hold up. It is time to add a new depth to the ministry.”
"Why would they care?" she answered when I questioned her about her arrangement last Saturday morning. "They're getting the asking price. My clients don't get a discount. It's all fair and honest."
Give me quark or lepton, he cries, to a voice soft inside, borne of a dream. Asphalt is the saviour of unbroken lovers, whose ground unfurls before them; rivulets of steel, where the towering ecstasy of extra-bodied embraces enrapture their eyes, in subjective audiences.
I needed to share some of the details with some people who knew and understood me. My friends, bless their hearts, have learned quite a bit about me from a very long distance away. I’ve learned about myself as well. I’m glad I am who I am. Regardless of the language. Prior to sharing some details with my family, I’d only spoken with one other person briefly about some of my recent experiences. If you ever happen to read this– who are you? — thank you.
Myra: My God. It's your mother. It's Lilly.
If you find yourself feeling very afraid of even trying to quilt, make sure to read this article on Quilting Without Fear and the general advice to just shut up and go quilt.
German PMI (April) at 46.2 vs. estimated 46.3 vs. previous 48.4
C is for.... context
W2: Some of my neighbors home school, but I send my kids to public school.
This is a pretty consistent style and quality with prior Mega Man games. There is a bit of a Russian style to the Dr. Cossack stages (obviously), which fits nicely, but generally the player is confronted with light-hearted anime enemies, catchy one minute and thirty second midi tunes. The best and brightest spot is actually the introduction video, which is the only Mega Man game to develop Mega Man’s origins and reinforce some themes seen in earlier games. From the beginning video we get that Mega Man is not a combat robot and, perhaps somewhat reluctantly it seems, volunteered to don his famous blue armor. Maybe this explains why he’s screaming in every little jump.? The game also begins as it ends, with Mega Man riding on a train. The attempt here is to show that the character is pure of heart, and although he’s maybe not that confident, he’s willing to dig in. Each journey out into the world against a new batch of jacked up robots ends with him preferring to go home to his quiet place in the country. Although the changing seasons at the end of Mega Man 2 might be a little more sentimental, the use of the train as a metaphor for the journey of Mega Man, and the player is ingenious. It’s been used before, but is best executed in this game. The music and lighting effects in this brief little cutscene develop the game’s conflict, explain prior installments concisely (not that there was much of a story to rehash), and effectively build up tension needed to make the player get ready for the next adventure.
cant remember who said this but its true. I think its only human to have some doubt in things without we wouldnt strive for the truth.
Gratefully, a grown up with Christ by my side.
Oh, I’m sorry, did I say excitement? I meant disappointment. Or outrage. Or despair. Take your pick, they’re all true.
It was only a short journey (8 mile round trip) and it was a lovely day so after picking up Derek, I took him down to the waterfront to get us an ice cream. I had our dog with us and Derek was giving her lots of attention while I bought the ice creams.
Hello Lovelies, Thank you all so much for your kind comments on my last post. Some crochet in white and grey is all well and good but this week I've been feeling the need for a little more colour.
How many brown or blue eye shadows is it possible to create after all? There are many shades of blue and brown, of course and various textures but nothing truly new.
Then again, there is no doubt in my mind that apartheid was an evil, oppressive system. The problems you see today, especially the crime, all go back to that legacy. Give me one good reason then why I should listen to those who would justify apartheid or put a spin on it. But I would give them a chance to explain their side.
INTERIOR
-post 11 random things about yourself.
We like to plant new vegetables each year and our journal doesn't help us with new plants. When we run into the situation where we have never planted something before, we search out the information from our local extension office. Dale wrote a great article on extensions here. Local extensions are extremely valuable to backyard farmers. I wanted to find out planting dates for kohlrabi this year and I found this awesome PDF from Utah State University that gives general planting dates for a large variety of vegetables, and it shows some suggestions on what will do well in my area.
Your Toolbox is a living, breathing thing. It varies wildly with every actor. And much like your own handyman’s kit at home, it contains useful tools that you call upon with confidence in any situation. For one actor, it’s accents — like the owner of a finely tuned set of socket wrenches, he or she knows exactly which one to bring out, subtly and effortlessly, for the job. For another, it might be the ability to emotionally connect with the audience. My castmate, the fantastic David Dubov, must own the patent to this one, and I’m thinking of sneaking into his garage one night to “borrow” it. Some actors possess the useful and rare gift of perfect pitch, folio-quality scansion, or even an EMT’s ability to rescue a scene when a scene partner has skipped ahead to a line in the third act.
Diesel and Fritz began to use the spotlights mounted on their trucks to find me. Like they were coyote hunting.
Despite being unable to fully use their machine, over 80 percent surveyed said they were very or somewhat likely to return to their PS3s online again following the data breach and downtime and, better yet, fewer than 10% had jumped ship to competitor Microsoft's Xbox Live service.
Do you ever feel fragmented? Do you feel you belong elsewhere, another planet? Perhaps you are already there.
A Janome 6600 Memory Craft professional.
She’s packed her bags and going home
blazing open.
This was huge news, I think, because just after Christmas, Barnes & Noble had reported a terrible Christmas season and a 20% stock drop. Most people had pretty much written them off, or at least the brick-and-mortar part of that business. And I already knew that Amazon had owned the 2011 Christmas season with their digital readers.
I need a new book to read. I may try one of husband's somber tomes for a change. His choice of books is ubercerebral where mine is pure escapism/entertainment. I read shit, he reads classics. Snore. At least it makes him easy to buy for so far as books are concerned.
But to the stars above
cream egg yolks with sugar until pale and creamy. It should have more than double its volume
In the days following the bonfire, Trevor, his mistress, and 2 other members of the college faculty hold a funeral for Helen. As the funeral comes to a close, Trevor is shocked to see a huge crowd of mourners marching toward them, led by Anne Marie and Jake. At the grave, Jake drops a large metal hook on top of the casket.
Sarge’s Angel
As the the last show in September ended, the designer duo announced D&G's closure after more than 15 years. At first, I thought it would not hit me that much but while I was reviewing the line's most lovely pieces of different collections, I realised how much D&G has inspired me over the past years. Although Domenico & Stephano said that they "have a lot of new projects to start in the same way as many years ago" meaning to integrate D&G into the Dolce & Gabbana spirit of their main line, I still have my doubts about their upcoming collections. I'm sure one will be able to find the on or another D&G sign as Men Fashionweek in Milan has just proven it, yet I'm not convinced how D&G's classic characteristics will find themselves in Dolce & Gabbana again. Possibly, I will be overwhelmed by the absolute unquestionable ability of the maestros to put a line into another context. But for now, I'm just in a little fashion sadness about the disappearance of D&G's official independence.
How many are there who understand the magnitude of hell? The Lord Jesus Christ, Who cannot lie, emphasizes that fearful place by repeating the description, not once, but twice as I read Mark 9:44, 46, and 48.
As you are by now aware if you’ve read most of this blog, I used to be fat. Like big and fat. I am not afraid to use the word. How did I get that way? Eating, a lot. And doing nothing. Now as you also know I do loads to stuff. Running and biking and going to the gym. Not just on a schedule but to fill free time as well. To do all that work takes a lot of fuel, and that fuel for me now is food. It is not just a mindless past time anymore, eating that is. It is something I have to do.
The fabled Rover 218i is very slowly manoeuvred to the pump, making sure that the filler cap is on the correct side, this despite the fact that there is an available pump not 7 foot away and the hose will happily reach the other side of the car. The driver will then get out, peer myopically at the choice of diesel, diesel or unleaded, ponder which one he needs before selecting the appropriate juice.
At the same time, humans did not eat dairy until a few millennia ago, and then only in northern European countries. It is said that the body needs to produce a special enzyme to digest dairy products, and that many people, particularly people whose ancestors are not from northern Europe, have difficulty producing this enzyme. That's why lactose intolerance is so widespread and why dairy is the most common allergen. Perhaps even people who can abundantly produce this enzyme still can't create enough of it to keep up with massive consumption such as a Brown Cow Trough.
Fresh mango puree 2 cups
I originally went to Timor as a volunteer through the Edmund Rice Volunteer Program. I went for a year, fell in love with the country, spent six sad months back in Australia, wishing I was back in Timor, and then went back for another year. The more time I spend there, the more I love it. The history, the people, the landscape, the mystery, the stories. They captivate me and I've found a second home and a few extra families in Timor Leste.
On a recent shopping trip with a niece to spend some quality time together celebrating her birthday, she bemoaned her uneven chest through the walls of the change room. I’ve never noticed, I said, you look great to me.
Titans in general
We just returned from a week's vacation in Prague. I've long said it is the prettiest city I have ever seen (and I've seen many cities around the world), and this trip reinforced my opinion. Naturally, the fact that I love Gothic architecture influences my opinion.
So I shall get behind that wheel and I will try. Fuck. Seriously I could not be more frightened. Far more frightened than I ever felt when faced with a hideous situation at work. Perhaps stay off the roads and pavements of south east London for a couple of hours before lunch. Just to be on the safe side.
Alex Ross primarily paints covers, but he has done a few graphic novels, fully painted in gouache and watercolor. He has won multiple awards for his work.
We all do the very best we can, so why do we constantly feel like our best isn't good enough when another mother goes a mile further than us? And why do we secretly feel smug when we get something right that another mother just can't seem to get under control?
dear friends, have you had a passion for something, someplace, you felt a need to protect and preserve? it is africa for me. and this is why i'm sharing the above video. chuck and i are soon to leave (in may) on a safari back to the continent, my fourth time there. i don't know how i've been so lucky, but on each trip to africa i've seen either the black or white rhino. my heart breaks knowing these magnificent animals are on the decline, being murdered, because of illegal poaching. i don't know what to do besides share this video and perhaps some links where there is more to learn and make a small donation. if you have an interest please watch the video and visit :
The disturbance can be so pervasive that the mental lives of some individuals revolve only around activities that lessen gender distress. They are often preoccupied with appearance, especially early in the transition to living in the opposite sex role. Relationships with parents also may be seriously impaired. Some males with gender identity disorder resort to self-treatment with hormones and may (very rarely) perform their own castration or penectomy. Especially in urban centers, some males with the disorder may engage in prostitution, placing them at a high risk for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. Suicide attempts and substance-related disorders are common.
My mother talks to strangers. She should know better.
? Down Proof, fine double needle edged with self-material piping.
You can make a salad bar fun -- now, that’s something -- and delicious. You can teach kids to cook something that tastes good and is good for them; and share your passion for food in a way that’s truly contagious.
So much still left to learn…
Back, the worms’-bed lacking,
Amber Riley: Another sequined dress, quite a popular choice this year (along with cream gowns) but this was one of my favourites.
So now it became clear that the article had never been about the benefits of leaving the city to live in the countryside, as it had been told to me. The article was a reposte to the final series of Sex And The City. I was never made aware of this. Had I known the feature was to take this angle, I would never have taken part.
We are so excited that so many of you joined us for our last challenge!
Bake for 15 to 18 minutes, rotating the sheet from front to back midway through, until the shortcakes are puffed and give just a little when poked with a fingertip. Pull the pan from the oven, and carefully transfer the shortcakes to a cooling rack. Repeat with the remaining dough, cooling the baking sheet first.
He is the one who failed to send help to the Midwest during the last devastating flood, which was worst than KATALINA ,which hit Louisiana .Mr. Obama failed to fix the economy, the unemployment,the deficit, the inflation ,the oil prices, the housing problems. Simply we can not take for more years of Mr. Obama and his corrupted staff.PLEASE THINK TWICE BEFORE YOU CAST YOUR VOTE THIS COMING ELECTION IN NOVEMBER 2012.GOD BLESS YOU AND GOD BLESS AMERICA.
What have you been up to this last week?
He eventually takes to the skies, swooping past our heads with astonishing agility in hot pursuit of the swinging lure. Rising into the air, his small frame is silhouetted against a backdrop of sky and bushveld. The display does not last long: the falcon’s speed proves too much for the handler, the lure is successfully snatched and Chicken is rewarded with a tasty treat.
You know how they say that it’s not the journey, but the destination? Success is awesome, but it’s not the end-all, be-all. It’s not just about hitting a target – it’s also what you do after you’ve reached your initial goals. Are you just going to take it easy and switch off your “motivation switch”? Or are you going to make new goals and challenge yourself? These choices represent your desire to grow as a person. Sure, you don’t always have to move on to a new project right away, but it is important to ask yourself “How can I do things better?” Here’s the thing: people change, whether you like it or not. Think about it – are you the same person that you were 10 years ago? We’re never static and always remain in motion. Even after you’ve earned your first million, you’re either moving forward or backward. Although you should never take your current success for granted, you do need to understand that everything you do in the present will either help you evolve or decline. Besides, you’re not the only one – the rest of the world is also in a state of constant change. This means you need to avoid being complacent to stay on top of your game and adapt to ever-shifting circumstances. In many ways, long-term success is not just about adding another trophy to your collection. In the greater scheme of things, it boils down to maintaining the same attitude and mindset that made you successful in the first place. The way to do this is to stay sharp, stay hungry!
It came from the neighbors, who were out drinking and letting their kids run around after work on a coolish (for Austin) September evening. As that sounded like perhaps the world's best idea ever, I joined them.
24 Abus Dangereux - Le Roy Est Mort, Vive Le Roy
There are large numbers of ways on how to earn with these public domain texts.
On the outer wall of the castle is the ruin of what was once a thatched banqueting hall where guests would retire to drink sweet spiced wine and eat sweetmeats after the main meal.There are two remaining windows with lovely stone carvings on the arches.
It will allow atheists like myself to readily identify such persons of faith and enable us to show them the respect that they are due.
oppressions such as severe depression as spirits enter their homes.
See ya'll tomorrow night with the winner and the release!!
I’d like to say we had people queuing round the block to finally get a better photo of their body-art than the one on their phone taken in a poor yellow light.
And who would have known I would be so happy to come to work! I got here yesterday and they have power, the town I work in is about a half hour from our area so they got hit but not as hard as us. So I have some normalcy while I am here, I can get online and I got to charge my cell phone up yesterday so that is super helpful. We don't have a land phone line either, that is down as well. Everyone is pitching in to help out each other where they can but it is just devastating to drive around or try to and see how many blocked roads there are and crazy power lines just hanging all over the place.
No, I am talking about thin crust, fresh, steaming hot, straight from the oven pizza. The kind made with heart and soul and calloused hands, Department of Health rules be damned. The kind made to order, everyone wait your turn and be patient, quality needs time (somewhat like wine, eh?). I am talking about the kind of pizza you find at DiFara's, in Brooklyn.
“I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.” ~ Maya Angelou
Tip: Don't be surprised when you have ten hours of interviews and a cavity search before getting the nod. Also patience is a key trait to master since sooner or later you'll be stuck with a dud who can't be sent packing because it deflates someone's ego or would make some waves. Your future French boss might also be provocative during the interview, expect questions that are meant to shake you up, try to keep your cool. (I’ve had this happen to me, and heard it from a lot of friends, American or otherwise.)
My spirit drank repose;
2. Consider also that you are not living up to the design of marriage, if you are not helping each other’s souls.(27)
Another random, corny two-minute poem I just wrote. *Teehee* It's sort of for Matt because the first time I ever spoke to him it was after I had tripped over him basically... *ooi*.
8:28
The Bridge on the River Kwai (dir. by David Lean, 1957)
To their credit, NICE have not simply provided those immediate costs. They have attempted to model post-natal costs of complications arising from each delivery method – which further increases the differential – and then gone beyond this to model the impact of a key post-natal complication – stress urinary incontinence – which becomes crucial.
After Kathy’s adoption was final we moved into Deb’s house with her and the boys. It meant squeezing people in and making the basement bedroom livable again, but we were so happy to have a house instead of an apartment. Now there were five kids, two mommies, and two dogs! What a houseful! I was lucky to not be working during all of these transitions. I loved being a stay at home mom with all of the kids. It was a magical time.
Darn… not anymore I remember, very vividly a phrase in the bible that showed up on neon sign many years ago and played through my mind for days afterward. “Be still and know that I am God!” with me changing the inflection of each word in that sentence. I know God made me in his perfect image and likeness to come here and create as his instrument. I am a creator…I now know I am suppose to be me, to constantly create more of what I want, and focus on. By Jove I think I have this figured out… I so love my life!
with all the new tools can do a lot through the aircraft mounted shower.
Our Daring Cooks’ December 2011 hostess is Sara from Belly Rumbles! Sara chose awesome Char Sui Bao as our challenge, where we made the buns, Char Sui, and filling from scratch – delicious! And I'm only a week late telling you about it.
For some weeks I have been trying to re-connect with a friend yet consistently we have, for a spectrum of reasons, not spoken. In response I fell back into habitual patterns of behaviour and thought patterns. As my mind tried to convince me this person did not want contact with me my anxiety grew and grew. Then a few days ago a sentence I read struck a chord in me – “release the need to know, to understand, to control or predict the outcome”. In choosing to see the absence of this person from my life I am choosing a reality of loss not abundance, instead of my reality being one of freedom I felt constricted and stuck. My thoughts were determining my reality.
"But we've hadn't had enough time together. We have forests to walk through, parks to picnic in, and more movies to see."
Anyway - back to the beer. Asahi Black. Looked great in the fridge, with that cool gold label, and it somehow fits this weather, being all lager-y but also a bit roasty. And...well, that's about it. With a tawny head and a great red streak coming through the glass it if you hold it the light, there's a slight hint of Liquorice on the nose. There's not much body to speak of, just that dry Asahi sort of graininess. The finish has a little bitter chocolate, and a weird lactic creaminess to finish. It doesn't taste 5%, but you wouldn't want loads of the stuff.
What answer do you truly wish to give? Find that 'mindset', that place in your heart. Not anger at the other person, but that good feeling for allowing yourself to do as YOU choose.
Audience: fanatic, very quiet on some quiet parts of the show. Only a few orgasm.., ah, orgiasti.., ah, you know what I mean, women behind me screaming and behaving like teens.
Nigel Adkins: “I need to let it all soak in but it’s been very, very special. I’d like to think I’m going to have a glass of champagne tonight because that’s what you should do if you win. We’ve put a lot of hard work in and a lot of hours but we’ve achieved something special this season. We achieved something special last season and I suppose it’s that drive to do well. Everyone works so hard at this football club and it’s great to see the smiles and delight on the supporters’ faces. It’s been a nervy week for them but it’s been well worth it. Every plaudit that goes their way they richly deserve because they’ve worked hard for it.”
If someone grew up playing baseball, watching baseball on TV, and going to games, doesn’t it seem like handing out an incentive to support baseball as an adult would be an easier sell than to someone who has little exposure to it? It just seems that we train folks to either appreciate art or to ignore it in those ‘formative’ years.
And earlier in the week, the book I’d asked for last December for Christmas in this post, which is about Alfred Hayes, who died in 1985 and was my discovery of last year and probably this year too: after reading The End of Me a couple of days ago, I’m still feeling knocked sideways. Paul Bailey: ‘Hayes has done for bruised men what Jean Rhys does for bruised women, and they both write heartbreakingly beautiful sentences.’
toying with him
Now, although this might all be a jolly interesting exercise, I must add that none of this has any direct bearing on anybody who’s actually using the first method – that is, anyone really bending spoons with genuine psychic powers. That’d be like miming to a Mariah Carey track and expecting Simon Cowell to give you a record deal. They’re not affected by the details of how a similar effect can be faked, because they know that they’re doing something completely different.
I am looking forward to the next exhibit in September, Sacrifice + Bliss, which will feature large art installations from Aurora Robson.
Deus Little arithmetics B
Thoughts?
Per sostenre le spese del catalogo, è stato chiesto di donare una piccola opera tessile formato cartolina, fatta con qualsiasi tecnica e con qualsiasi soggetto. Queste opere verranno messe all’asta col prezzo base di 50 dollari. Ho raccolto il guanto, la mia ‘opera d’arte’ parte domani.
so i have always just felt very safe at our home. many days i have left the back door unlocked to run and pick the girls up from school. left the keys in my ignition in my car . just never thought much about it. but that is all forever changed.
But in the meantime, I probably do need to publish something, and I probably need to make some progress on that front this summer. Only it's not absolutely necessary that I do so today. Or tomorrow. Or on any given day, really. So it's ridiculously easy to turn into a complete slug who can't even maintain a blog properly. (You'll notice the near-complete silence since April's Shakespeare blogging. Somehow I could do that while teaching four classes with four different preps, but take away that structure, and it all goes to hell.)
Nervo
“Can I help you sir?” came the voice without aid of the speaker and microphone.
It is the 3rd yr since we started this blog, but have not done alot in the last 2. Mom says a thousand little cuts can cause a bleed out and that is how she seems to feel now. That stupid bill she worked so hard on passed...........I know no one reads this anymore or much cares but it is bad news for all. At the end of our goodbye, I am posting the numbers fo0r Tx Gov. Rick Perry to veto. Also out of state is listed since we believe he will be throwing his hat in the ring for the Presidential Elec. (c'mon, even if u are a dem. Do it for us PLEASE .
1 medium tomato - chopped
Upcoming Tour Dates:
Cook the noodles according to the instructions on the packet, drain and rinse under the cold tap to stop them sticking together. Set aside.
The 49th Parallel – 2
If I had been in the ballet myself I would like to have been Puss-in-Boots’ girlfriend at the wedding party. I like cat movements in ballet because they are expressive and suit ballet style.”
It's great for a little extra storage.
...In other parts of New York City (Harlem, Clinton, Greenwich Village, Brooklyn Heights, etc.) buildings with these exterior conditions would be restored, particularly the severely damaged rear unit.
Having sound physical and mental health can significantly reduce the chances of getting cancer of any type. The following guidelines are generally recommended by doctors, nutritionists, and alternative practitioners for cancer prevention and recovery.
In Broadcast Innovation, L.L.C., et al. v. Charter Communications, Inc., et al. (Fed. Cir., August 19, 2005) the court held that the absence of a specific reference to a parent PCT application in the priority claim did not prevent the applicant from receiving the benefit of the PCT filing date where the applicant properly claimed priority to the national stage application that resulted from the PCT application.
...can´t say just how much all the DT gilrs just LOOOOVE them!! Gayle keep giving us the most stunning stamps ever to work with,and it´s so funny to see how manny of you out there that seams to love them as much as we do!! =)
And the same question should be asked of Messrs Andrew Higginson, Group Strategy director, who dumped a massive £1.41m of shares in November at 403.34p; and Finance Director Laurie McIlwee, who sold £545,000-worth in October at 411.51p.
I’m not exactly trying to get over Paul because part of me hopes any day now he might come around, but I’m also not trying to think about him 24/7, so in comes the ex-boyfriend. It’s all in the name of research right?! I started talking to Allesandro after Paul had fucked up in Vegas.
I know that was a lot of shots of the same outfit, which I apologize for, but I was just having so much fun posing everywhere! Here are some close-ups of the pieces:
We have had so much fun sharing our
One reason Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey (R) is now a rock star is because, on taking office, he confronted the state’s power teacher’s union and began to cut the budget to reduce an $8 billion deficit. What many Americans are only now realizing is that it has been the civil service unions that have been draining state and local budgets thanks to unrealistic salaries along with healthcare and pension benefits.
2 cups shredded lettuce
Make a shade just for me
DE: :Enormously important. I learnt something of what it means to be subjugated. I also learnt the value of solidarity under oppression. Outside I couldn’t afford to go to university but in prison I was able to study for a degree through correspondence – financed by benevolent organisations. This led to a second degree from Oxford when I came into exile and a subsequent career as a lecturer. My fellow prisoners were intelligent and mainly highly educated people and very supportive. Prison wasn’t a pleasant place to be but it was a privilege to be in that company – a kind of socialist campus. Friendships formed there continue four decades on.
A: Two. One to change it and another to tweet a Biblical passage related to bulbs.
Here are my basic guidelines for putting together a prayer journal. Feel free to adapt them for yourselves.
"Should Writers Be Sexier Than You?" an intriguing essay by the novelist (and, last that I heard, a friend of The Middle Stage, although in times such as ours one can never rely on news more than three hours old) Karan Mahajan on the idea of the model as a model for the writer. Mahajan recounts how he posed almost naked, next to a tempting model wearing not much more than him, for Canteen magazine in an effort to overturn the modern writer's reputation for frowsiness. ('Authors present themselves as bright, sincere, humble, hardworking people, like Republican presidential candidates. “It’s all just revision and craft,” one says. “I couldn’t have done it without my mom,” offers another. “My three years of MFA were the best of my life and I would do them again if I could,” says a third.) When you read this piece you'll also find alongside it photographs of some of the bright lights of south Asian writing today, looking like they've just emerged from the pages of Vanity Fair. Also worth noting is that, of all the South Asian writers featured in this piece, everybody is clearly dressed up to achieve a particular look, but only Mr. HM Naqvi appears simply as his everyday self. Would that Tehelka had contacted me, too, to photograph me for this project. But deep in my heart I know the reason why I'd never come close to qualifying for such a project: I'm too cheerful to be sexy.
I'm sure I drove people to tears.
The characterization was also good. We are quickly given an impression of John’s personality from the very first page. And although he is portrayed as a quite hard/unapproachable guy, we are also given small insights into the fact that he is driven by emotion too which makes him more relatable.
(And could that be the best thing that ever happened to us?)
God was confronting them for thinking they were beyond living in the miracle zone. Understand, if the matter of having a son was not impossible, the glory for such a miracle would have not have been given to God. The birth would have simply been a product of love.
being alone in a sky of stars
That should serve as a cautionary tale. Retail investors should do a few checks before placing money in perpetuals.
We tried to play a game with 3 people last night and the episode ended in anger and tears. What a far cry from that Wednesday night in September, the first day of school, when we all played Clue together. You may recall Clue had been touch and go in our family over the years, but that night it was perfect. Jack won. Margaret accepted the win graciously. Life was good.
Stephen Hill: Mike Wallace
Dir/Prod/Writ; Robert Lonsdale, 4 mins (Stockton-on-Tees), 2012
A wise old friend told me at the beginning of the year that 2008 would be good for me. You know who you are and, you were right. The book is done, the MA is great. I am getting to grips with short stories and I have a long list of issues I want to explore in the form. The new school and new job are fab and illness and diagnosis etc are ongoing but manageable.
"Yeah...sucks when someone calls you out on your bullshithuh? LMFAO! Don't hate me for seeing your shady ass douchbag ways......NOT my fault for you being a grimey cunt...it happens...I just think its absolutely comedy that you try and weasel your way out of it when I called you out...but it's all good....I think you'rejust pissed that you can't hide it from everyone....but good for you that you found a stupid ass gulable guy that will out up with it.....you go girl! LMFAO!"
What is headed for South Africa is much worse than described in the short message above. In the message above I only conveyed the basic points, but the end result will be much, MUCH, M U C H worse than people can even begin to image.
Care.
The UK and Australia each got 9 per cent of the votes, down from 10 per cent and 11 per cent, respectively.
Where have all the parents gone?
The worst part of my mental struggle was the guilt. I was constantly feeling guilty. My expectations were high—perhaps too high. I weighed myself daily and felt like a failure when the scale didn’t move. I recorded every calorie that passed my lips and every moment spent at the gym. Keeping a detailed journal of nutrition and training is an excellent way to monitor progress and I still practice it today, but the downside is that you sometimes have to come to grips with lack of progress and you MUST write down what you eat! And for my first show, I was obsessive about it!
Hi this is Michael Fiore and this short video I want to teach you to use simple little text messages from your simple cell phone to multiply the romance and intimacy in your relationship literally overnight. In fact, if you simply pay attention over the next few minutes and do what I say like thousands of other guys before you you’ll be amazed of how quickly things speed up how you and your husband or wife or boyfriend or girlfriend suddenly find yourself acting like getting teenagers again.
You are feeling sad and sorrowful
BUT, seriously...the wedding is a week away, it's insane here and even crazier out in california (no, i'm not being an elitist, that's where the wedding is being held) flowers are paid for, resto for the rehearsal dinner is taken care of, hotel, car and flights booked/reserved/paid for...AND i even have a mother of the groom outfit *smirk* why does that sound so incredibly old fashioned and quaint? and yes, there will be pictures...later. mr savannah is also suitably decked out in non formal evening attire (dark suit, white shirt, cuff links, gorgeous silk tie...men's clothing is so much less complicated)...one of the downsides is that it's an evening wedding, so no chance of getting a great big hat for the event...not that i need an excuse...
I try and picture what you would like it right now and what you'd be doing but it's so hard because I can't see past your sweet baby face in the pictures I have of you and imagine it being bigger and full of life. I only know you in one form and as much as it hurts I'm glad I at least have that--my forever baby.
Add the beef and veal stocks (or chicken) plus salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then simmer uncovered for 20 minutes. Remove the bay leaf, taste for salt and pepper, and serve hot with grated Parmesan cheese.
The long-term effects of lower levels of lead can also be permanent and severe. However, if chronic lead poisoning is caught early, these negative effects can be limited by reducing future exposure to lead and getting proper medical treatment.
Cleveland, Ohio – October 10, 2007: 14-year-old Asa Coon stormed through his school with a gun in each hand, shooting and wounding four before taking his own life. Court records show Coon had been placed on the antidepressant Trazodone.
two floors of an apartment at 1638 N. Western,
Look at this picture of me and Bailey Koch! She is gorgeous, and I'm totally jealous :) the pearl jewelry and the soft curls make this dress perfect. I was wearing something fun too, I got both the shirt and the shorts from Forever 21. Love that place!
I've been trying to keep up with the CPS Anniversary challenge, but have got a bit behind, so apologies for blogger overload this eve!
Here are my considerations at the moment.
So when you say you want to abandon your life to the Lord you are giving up the control you have, forsaking it completely, yielding it wholly to the Lord....
* An independent body must be appointed to evaluate the current process of admission and the merit of the high-achieving applicants who were turned away.
Curry leaves - one string
There are plenty of Christmas light displays here, but for whatever reason, he never seems that interested in going to see them.
And keep yourself from the pain
Geez, hum, what’s his name… Right, Harry’s feeling really bad… He can’t even stand…
He grinned. 'What's cockchafer mean?' (he is already VERY familiar with feculent) I told him. 'It's a beetle. I googled and showed him the picture.
they didn’t show her more respect.
Ohio State
1 fennel head
At the end of it I was back to something I have thought before - how does it come about that I can do something that much fun with all those men (and some women), and not catch anything or get pregnant or arrested? You don't even have to fancy them; they can be any age or appearance, everyone goes home afterwards, and it's all cool. It all seems so simple.
may it be so....
I took an old man spill yesterday while pitching in middle school pe. I had bad shoes that wouldn't allow me to stop being propelled towards a ball that I was trying to catch. I fell on my shoulder, doing a tuck and roll, then rolled right over summersault, was back on my feet and the one little girl tossed me the ball to start pitching again. I didn't have time to think about what had happened but am a little achy today. I guess the little girl thought I was 13 and I roll around while playing the game all the time.
Unfortunately the file was 70MB and wouldn't load through my photo storage supplier. I found by accident a short and unusually swift presentation of how to reduce the MB size of an image or rather "Get as many hits to the link as you can because there's no way you are going to understand this after 4 plays " !!
We stopped for lunch along the way, at a really friendly little place called Les Gourmandises, which does a fabulous 3 course menu for €20. The most important part of this was, of course, dessert:
James J. Carson, 32, Massapequa, N.Y.
___ a bit too much information upfront? A recent email began: “Marian, Raped at the age of seven, I was a lost and lonely child.”
Tuesday.
There are indeed tons of things to be frustrated about in today’s job search, but the one thing that has really started to aggravate me are the words “previous experience required,” particularly when it comes to minimum wage jobs that a Cocker Spaniel could do blindfolded.
Little Miss Mack will happily sit and play for ages which is a blessing in disguise. I tend to save all my hand sewing and admin for these times so we can sit in the lounge together.
So.. did I intrigue you yet? They are not for kids, so 18+ only. (My Grandma snickers over some scenes and only brushes past them.) They may return your faith in love (or life) or make you laugh, they are all invariably silly (and mostly look alike!) but that is kinda the point!:)
Then take a look at the lower screen shot that was the result of the same exercise on Bing. Don’t look now, but apparently, the guys and gals who’ve been Binging have been up to some not so down-on-the-farm types of activities. That, or it’s a whole lot of professional athletes who are facing random drug testing…
Anyway, until then...
The 10 p.m. Question by Kate De Goldi (ARC)
In general, the nay-sayers of the world royally tick me off. I find it especially grievous when the nay-sayer has some kind of authority. Teachers, parents, coaches, doctors, leaders in religious communities, etc. Words are powerful. Words coming from a white coat or wearing a white collar can wield all the more force.
As the night wore on and got colder, the crowd diminished somewhat but remained feisty. Because several still and video camerafolk had been filming, the protesters seemed unsurprised when a well-dressed man approached them and began snapping photos.
Shark Week is upon us, ladies and gentlemen. And just like our fine, flippered friend, you should be smiling your pants off. I am only smiling my socks off at the moment, because I am currently without cable. When I realized that I would be missing The Discovery Channel's annual Shark Week, including such shows as Shark Attack Survival Guide, Shark Bite Beach, and Top Five Eaten Alive, I practically cried myself to sleep. Can't a guy just come home after a long day and watch a few hours of quality shark-themed television???
Finally, I just noticed that on February 28, the festival also features Hugh McIlvanney in conversation. This one's £4, but that's a pittance to see the best British sportswriter since the Second World War (at the very least).
So here it goes......... I know it has been over a year since I have last made a post!!! I am so bad at this but I'm going to try to update you on a few of the things that have gone on in our life this past year.
Then something caught my eye as I turned the key of the office door. I looked over my right shoulder just in time to watch a three-hundred-pound man across the street vomit (loudly) into a garbage can. Nothing like a good whiff of puke to get you off and running in the morning.
So, why call myself a Lactation Failure?
There were three key women in Rossetti’s life: his wife, Cornforth and Jane Burden, later Jane Morris by marriage to Rossetti’s friend William Morris. All three featured both in Rossetti’s art and poetry. Lizzie was the “heavenly lady” with the ethereal face and long, auburn hair, the embodiment of Beatrice in the painting. She was the divine beauty of the soul and personified Rossetti’s belief in the salvific nature of romantic love. Cornforth was another great influence on the poet. Legend has it that he met Cornforth in 1856 while she was standing on a street corner in Strand cracking nuts with her teeth. He was attracted to her blond “yellow-harvest” hair and her voluptuous carnality; she therefore came to represent the sinful image of the woman ripe and venal. She liberated Rossetti form the idea of virginal muliebrity, instead offering him a release and sexual satisfaction. The last of the women in Rossetti’s artistic demimonde is Jane Burden Morris. According to some historians, Burden Morris served as a nexus for all of Rossetti’s fantasies. The two met in Oxford in 1857 when she posed as a model for Rossetti’s Oxford Union murals. She later married Morris, but continued to pose for Rossetti and was his muse from 1866 until his death. Rossetti once wrote of Burden Morris: “Beauty like hers is genius”. Their illicit affair, which ceased eventually due to scandal, left Rossetti in adverse mental health. The break, and the fact that he could no longer see Burden Morris, precipitated Rossetti’s chloral hydrate abuse, turning him into an image of a tortured artist but more accurately into a mentally ill addict. Rossetti’s wellbeing was further debilitated by Buchanan’s critique of his poetry and representations of him as a sybaritic reprobate. This together with Rossetti’ deteriorating eyesight, chronic fear of blindness, several suicide attempts and indulgence in drugs led to the poet’s in 1882. The official cause being a stroke and kidney failure.
When this occurs, you will have two choices – get on the damn thing or hack it into a million pieces and bury it under the wood flooring. Remember though, this will probably not make the sound go away.
finishes the solemn prayer
I rented this book from the public library.
So... Sunday morning I stood in the hallway watching my girls pretty themselves up on their own while getting ready for Church. They were facing a full-length mirror on the closet door, admiring their outfits and hairdo. It was one of the cutest things I have seen as a father.
They always tried to return, just once more.
Oh, and in addition to the bisexual woman hitting on me and the gay guy trying to pick my pocket (a gay clepto santa?), Irish boy (bachelor #3 that I am supposed to meet on Tuesday) was texting me last night as well. I guess the ‘holiday hookup push’ is in full swing. Strange……
It started with a couple of days of basic cold symptoms, achy ear, sore throat. I had a feeling of dread, but figured it would go quickly as usual. Wrong.
A confused silence hangs in the air. "Wait, what?"
Most of the time, they are enough but lately I was finding myself less and less inspired to blog. I'm glad I put my feelings out to the universe. I feel like I got my mojo back from your support. Who knew there was a 7 year blogitch?
My little girl. My sweet girl, full of anxiety and shame, the one that would lie about the color of the sky on bad days to feel safe…bravely walked to the front of the classroom, and told the truth, retrieved the wrapper from where it came from, and apologized to her friend.
3. Remove onions with a slotted spoon and set aside.
I think you can see from the fact that I posted a CATHY cartoon - something definitely NOT cool, that I am going to be sad all day long. The SAD kind of sad combined with the PATHETIC kind of sad. Oh well. I can console myself knowing that I have an appointment this afternoon to learn how to use the appliance that will tell me if I have SLEEP APNEA or not. I suspect with my broad expansive girth that I probably do. It might explain why I don't get a lot of restful sleep.
Nigel Savage
Glad you asked. The name of the beer is an homage to the worst baseball team of the decade ('00 – '09), the Kansas City Royals. The phrase “Turd Bird” comes from an old AM sports talk show, The DA Show, that I used to listen to during my morning drive. The host and some of the regular callers took to calling the Royals the Turd Birds and it fit. So ever since, that's the name I use to refer to the Royals whenever they are playing like shit, which happens to be most of the time.
Yet she was even later. SH and I slipped into class and sat down quietly. She came in a few minutes later and made a lot of noise, as is her wont.
So we created few leftovers, because there was no room to store them. And when we did have a six-pack in the house -- which is infrequent, but it happens -- only a couple bottles went into that cube at a time. We learned to anticipate our needs. And to simplify our options. Imagine that.
SHAZAM!
I remember getting up on Easter morning - being well above the age that children "believe" anymore. And there was a basket as always and it didn't feel less special to me. I knew who was going through all the trouble of shopping, and hiding and putting baskets together and waiting for their children to fall asleep ..... it only became less about magic of the bunny ..... and more about the magic of family .......
When you open up the Database, the first tab to pop up is the Actors tab. On the left, you will see a little index of all the playable characters in the game. 001 is Ralph. The Actor in the 001 Slot will always be the one represented in the game world as the main character, unless directed otherwise.
with a catwalkway
Traditional wedding vows spell out what is expected of us in marriage: "To have and to hold, from this day forward, for better or for worse, for richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health, until death do us part."
J's a good sport. She came right over. She wove her way through the path I'd cleared from the closet to the front door and stood looking at the sway-backed shelves. She reached out and gave them a jiggle. The shelves leaned toward her. "Well!" she exclaimed, pushing them back. "This shouldn't be hard."
Tell Ciaran that his Mommy made this for you!
as i fumble through the pages
At no other time of the year, is there more good will towards men, more generosity and sharing given and done, and more thanks expressed amongst mankind. We grownups have both an opportunity to make warm and lasting memories for all children as well as a responsibility to make certain that all children know and feel they are a part of this enchanting time of, “peace on earth and good will towards men.” God Bless us all, man, woman, and child!
Here are my answers to questions posted.
Let’s hope everything goes well ando everything would work out
Then we did some guided imagery–something I had never done before and haven’t done since–in which I was asked to give the hunger a color. I said, without thinking, blue. She asked what the hunger was like. I saw a young bird in a nest, a baby with gaping beak, waiting and hoping and helpless. She asked what kind of bird, and I realized it was an eaglet, very downy with a big beak, in a high and hugely tangled nest. She said what does the eagle want, and I replied, “To fly, of course!”
“We have a common will to promote bilateral trade,” Tunisian Foreign Minister Rafik Abdesselam added.
INFANTS or young children left inside a vehicle can die of hyperthermia in a few hours, even when the temperature outside is not especially hot. It is a tragedy that kills about 30 children a year, according to the National Safety Council.
7:30 a.m.: Whereas last night the only shooting we heard came from across the river, this morning we can hear shots coming from multiple directions. A friend who lives 300m away texted me a few minutes ago to say “bandits” had been crowding around outside his gate at 3 a.m., and that a house directly across the street belonging to Soumaila Cissé, one of the presidential candidates had been looted after troops had broken into it looking (unsuccessfully, it seems) for the owner. The streets in our neighborhood are calm, there are a few people going about their business but few vehicles venturing out.
Thanks to Alicia for the super duper cute cake pops.
Once you have finished putting everything away, reassess. If you don't like where it is, or don't think it is going to be functional, move and reorganise until you're happy with it.
WARNING: Academic Language (You may want to skip this color-coded section.)
Thanks for participating!
I have a bud for you first. These flowers don't last long, and they don't open wide unless there is sun. The leaves stay wrapped around the stem, usually till after the bloom is gone.
He told BBC Radio Four's Today programme today that his views in the past on nuclear energy had been “much misunderstood”.
"Any why should I spend any time in prison?"
If one borrows three times one’s income for 75% of the price, then one must also have saved the cash equivalent of one year’s income to fund such a 25% equity. For most of us, this would mean two or three years of hard saving.
One of the first people to offer a scientific explanation for the sun was the Greek philosopher Anaxagoras. He reasoned that it was a giant flaming ball of metal even bigger than a chariot. While today’s academia might’ve rewarded him with an endowed chair in the astrophysics department for such a revolutionary theory, he was instead imprisoned by the authorities and sentenced to death. A kind of tenure, you could argue, but probably not what he had in mind.
Driveway Repair and Replacement
Soooooooooooooo....why not get a shot that is totally not normal? or at least a shot that would make you wonder just how "normal" I am. tee hee
It actually was very inspiring! And it made all the difference to hear the FlyLady strategy taught by the one who developed it, and lives it, every day!
GW2 – Open Beta Weekend!
However, I wasn’t a celebrity. Some might be of the opinion that, working in PR, I knew the game and how it worked and that by putting myself forward to appear in a national newspaper, I too deserved everything I got. But my speciality at the time was business to business PR – writing case studies about wonderful things IT companies did and then getting them placed in the trade press. Everything I wrote was – and still is - backed up with statistics and evidence, and then sent to my interviewee to confirm that I’d quoted him/her correctly and in the right context. I’d never have dreamt of paraphrasing or using artistic licence – I was of the opinion that if I had to start making bits of the story up, then I didn’t really have a story.
Being underground soon
Infantry, Armoured and Artillery
Last week the training centre got in touch asking me to update the information on the course so that they could advertise it well ahead of time and possibly get more takers for this summer. In the meantime I had started to think about possibly offering the course as an online, moodle-based course. It seemed to solve the question of trainees having to stick around for an extra three days, pay for more nights in local accommodation and could possibly appeal to a wider audience.
Deschooling 101
It's true I did call the one book store that Jones Harvest advertises on their site showing a rack of books from their company to verify that books were actually in a store. The store, Books 'N More told me that the books had been removed in July of 2008. As far as receiving $600.00 from a large bookstore chain, that’s great. That can pay someone’s salary for the week. I am sure your family will be happy.
Today is my first mother's day- yay! Little E is almost 4 weeks old. DH has been very sweet today- picked me up some Starbucks (decaf!), some roses, and I have a new waffle iron coming in the mail! Oh yes, and he's currently taking care of E while I relax a bit :) Love our little family!
I see a shelf filled with a series of books and journals, activity books and picture books by Michelle Kemper Brownlow for teen girls that will raise their awareness of the world around them and give them the permission to OWN the space they take up. That space will be unique and beautiful like each of them and will have distinct boundaries that will celebrate the kind of woman they are "training" to become. Now, I know all these books would be spread all over the bookstore in their respective genre - but just humor me. Let's PRETEND I would have my own shelf. Isn't it pretty?
Even without the traditional hallmarks of seasons that grace the majority of this country, there still exist sure signs of spring here in Sunnyville. If you happen to have teens at home these signs are clear, and if you happen to work with these pubescent creatures the signs are neon, flashing, and practically scream at you on a daily basis.
We also have a bit of sad news to share....both Renata and Andrea are sharing their last stamping projects with us as DT members this week. I know you'll join me in wishing them the best in the future. We'll miss you girls!!!
I struggled with them. I only had references for the birds so the figures took some thought. After working so hard on them, and loving the sketches, I'm afraid I'll screw them up in paint.
Yesterday was one of my swimming friends, Sue's birthday, so I made this card for her.
R7: Sc 4 through back loops only, sc 4.
The Last Laugh was a crucial landmark in the history of the cinema. F.W. Murnau's 1924 classic was a dazzling technical feat that signaled several significant leaps forward in the early cinema: not only was it a work of pure visual artistry, with no dialogue intertitles, but Murnau and his crew (a prestigious group including cameraman Karl Freund and assistance from Edgar G. Ulmer) invented the first dolly shots in film and the first uses of subjective camerawork. Murnau freed the previously static camera from its moorings, and the results were stunning. The film's expressive, potent style movingly renders the story of a hotel porter (Emil Jannings) who is demoted for being too old and out of shape to properly do his job anymore. This is an unrecoverable blow for him, because everything he is, his entire sense of self-worth and identity, seems to be tied up in his job. In the film's opening scenes, he struts around the hotel, with bellboys scurrying to assist him in his work, and he obviously takes great pride in his puffed-up image, with his ornate, militaristic uniform. He waddles from the hotel to the curb, guiding guests in or out, summoning cabs, carrying bags, his girth straining proudly against the stiff front of his uniform with its rows of shiny buttons.
Henna Black IPA
And I can't turn it off.
But with Hyuna, I'm watching a sexy video that's a sexy video because it's a sexy video that happens to be a sexy video, and there's no pretending about it. I'm not attracted to the childish costumes, and I can't pretend that's why I watch, because there AREN'T childish costumes and baby-faces. They pull the rug on the "Uncle fans" and say, "You're going to watch the video because it's sexy, and we're not giving you any short-cut or justification. Because we're f$&#ing sexy, and that's that."
When I was a wee kipper I was known to be a tad on the stubborn side and ridiculously independent! As an adult I like to call myself..ahem...determined and motivated. The story goes that I followed directly in the path of my own Papa Bear whose catch phrase as a young fellow was, "Me Own Serf!" (translated to mean, "I'll Do It By Myself!). The uncanny thing is that as a babe my saying was, "My Own Self!" in answer to any offer of assistance. Great minds hey?!
"I mean what the hell is going on! What's the point? I mean is there a reason for this? Because if you can think of a reason, any reason at all why the universe is so screwed up and random and mean~Now would be an amazingly good time to tell me because I REALLY need some answers."
Bake 8-10 minutes or until the top of the donuts spring back when touched. Let cool in pan for 4–5 minutes before removing.
A decade after her namesake film came out, in which she was played by Julia Roberts, the real Ms Brockovich returns to the big screen in a new documentary.
I was interested by the form of words used by the auditors, Maneely McCann, in giving their opinion on the accounts. Under the heading “QUALIFIED OPINION ARISING FROM LIMITATION OF SCOPE” the auditors say “Except for the financial effects of any such adjustments, if any, as might have been determined had we been able to satisfy ourselves as to the valuation of investment properties and units in unit trusts, in our opinion the financial statements: – give a true and fair view of the state of the group’s and parent company’s affairs as at 31 March 2010 and the group’s loss for the year then ended – have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice; and – have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006”. Does this mean the accounts have been given a potentially damaging qualified auditors’ opinion? I think it does, but the form of words used is novel.
Paper streamers and tissue puffs -- DIY, tutorial coming soon
10:00 – GCB (ABC): The first season concludes with Carlene taking the GCBs to a groundbreaking ceremony for the Condos for Christian Living, but things don’t go as planned. Meanwhile, Amanda’s suspicions concerning Luke lead to a surprising discovery about Ripp. I thought for sure those condos wouldn’t happen after someone told Carlene that they’re straight up illegal. I guess no one tells Kristen Chenowith what to do.
1/4c. minced onion
India has become a best selected place for e-commerce service and diverse countries such as USA, Australia Canada and UK their large business to India at affordable rate. There are many Developers professional experts available in India and they offer many options related website service. So if you hire a E-commerce development company from India then you don’t need to worry about your website.
Joshua Evans is from Calgary and has since returned to work. A second court date is scheduled on July 19th. I imagine this will cost some money to fly or drive back to Vancouver. This whole system of having to clear one’s name is going to cost Joshua personally and all of us in taxpayer money. So while I’ve placed Joshua Evans within the confines of my blog to openly declare that I believe he’s a hero, our court system has to go thru these proceedings and at cost for him to clear his name.
2.Remove from heat, before stirring in the coconut cream and let cool, or you can chill extra in the fridge for a cold pudding.
Toss everything together and Yum! This makes a lot of dressing, can half that.
I like lunch @ MT. For one, it helps allieviate the guilt of going to a place I used to poke fun at B. for going to. For another, its less high-octane than the serious “I’m frikin cool” evening crowd. A strong wine list – all available by the glass, well shucks.. makes me happy. Specials are well rotated, appetizer / entree / desert. Listed on a chalkboard on the path to the open kitchen.
Email me your shipping address and I will get it right out!!!
Hand holding.
Within that first mile, I knew this race wasn't going to be pretty. The temperature was in the mid 60s, but the humidity was 90 percent. Yeah, 90 percent humidity is not fun when you're running a few miles, let alone 13.1 miles. It was sticky, and I quickly realized that my energy level was not where it should be. There was no spring to my step...it was a major effort every time I put one foot in front of the other. I ate a Gu gel around mile 3, hoping and praying that a little sugar would give me some energy, but it didn't help one bit. I had a big-time battle going on in my head those first 3-4 miles...run? walk? run? walk? I pushed through till around the 5 mile mark where I finally gave in and slowed down to a walk.
Week 16 of my Cleveland marathon training program is complete. The week’s training called for Tuesday: 5. Wednesday: 8. Thursday: 4. Saturday: 12, for a total of 29 miles. Due to more achilles pain, I didn’t follow the schedule completely – I took Thursday off and only completed 3 on Wednesday. I was determined to complete the 12 miler, so I took it easy in the days prior to the run.
My heart echo’s through these barriers
(In-store with school groups)
When Marouane Chamakh joined Arsenal on a free from Girodins Bordeaux in the summer of 2010, it was hardly a surprise. The player had repeatedly been linked to the club for the previous couple of seasons, with the Gunners having a bid of around £7 million rejected the summer before and with manager Arsene Wenger declaring his admiration for Chamakh in the press.
Businesses require up-to-date technology for maximum work efficiency. Keeping up with the technological advancements by purchasing new equipment will cause a drain in your finances.
One of the strangest things about Hawaii is all of the "wild" chickens. There are roosters and hens absolutely everywhere! They roam throughout town, streets, private property, and jungle! Nothing seems to stop them, and we wonder if they are protected since there are so many. Caleb loves it, and many times a day we hear faint "cock-a-doodle-doo's" wherever we are.
‘What are you waiting for? Why don’t you get out of your house?’ another neighbour called out.
Today’s column is merely a handy compilation of numbers and figures which have previously appeared in other columns, arranged in order of decreasing magnitude. Because of the shadowy nature of our trade these are all estimates, but most of the links will lead the reader to the source of the estimate or the column in which I explain how it was calculated.
And exciting posts by, like, 30 different authors!?!?!!? I am SERIOUSLY a fan of this site!!!!
This final image is different in that it is an image of a kitchen that was hand painted and comes from a blog not a magazine. I love the wood counters here. It seems to warm up the kitchen. We can't afford any of this right now, but if I had my way I might just go for the wood counters it is more warm and homey and way less expensive. Just don't ever cut on your counters it will mess them up!
Ooooh, I LOVE Marvin Gaye!
As Diamond argues, the seeds of an empire's ultimate collapse are sown early on, though it may take generations for the over-extension to play out, so that by the time signs of collapse become obvious it is so far along as to be pretty much inevitable.
The Lecce province is a region rich in history and in agriculture. In fact, it is Italy's most prolific and abundant farming region - as evidenced at the Farmers Market (which also serves as a giant roving department store) where many of the local farmers sell their cherries, apricots, herbs and vegetables. Did I mention there were zucchini flowers?
- tindersticks - the something rain - constellation - 2012 (lp)
‘You know you’re borderline when something upsets you or you do something wrong and you immediately feel you need to hurt yourself as punishment.’ (Sharon Howard)
And then there was Sam’s brother Irving Goldfeather” who looked strikingly similar to Sam. Except Irving was always seen walking in the opposite direction towards Beverly Road. Usually on his way to work in the morning. Yet, Sams brother was quiet and businesslike and would always tip his hat to my Mom and say:
Confliction
zooming in on a power bike for
Arriving at the pass I parked and entered into a two story high tower observatory. The tower was made of the same black and red porous rock I tunneled through on the road up here from Sisters. Inside the observatory I found that some considerate groups of local business people were kind enough to erect a brass map and guide to the sites from the observatory. Grant’s Pass and this observatory of the same name stood directly on the Continental Divide. The large brass map pointed out the mountain peaks with arrows and lines of bearing so that you could clearly identify the peak. The day was cloudless, clear and of moderate September temperature. I could easily see and identify the peaks from this vantage point and I learned that the first mountain I saw to my left while driving up the pass was Black Crater. Brochures in the observatory’s lower level showed the trail map up to the top of Black Crater. How marvelously accommodating were those local business persons, I thought. Before me was the map of my route up to the top of Black Crater where I will find my spirit guide. The events of the last 24 hours were all leading me here to the observatory at Grant’s Pass and this brochure in my hand. I could feel my spirit guide call to me. It was reaching out to me and calling me to the top of Black Crater. It was all clearly laid out before me.
I really like that record. "Douglas Leader" is very special, and I say that as someone who is barely on it. When you're doing something that minimal, it's gotta really hit right, or else it's just completely a failure. And that is hit perfectly right. "Americruiser" is funny. Notionally I don't love it, because structurally it's not really that interesting, and the parts individually aren't that interesting, but when I started playing it again with Orestes, I was like, "oh yeah! I remember!" He just fucking elevated it. The conversational aspect of it was nice. It's all feel. The feel of "Americruiser" is really right, and just came out really nicely in the studio, almost accidentally. At the end, it was 5 or 6 in the morning, I was alone doing overdubs, and I just jammed my fucking guitar up against the speaker and let it go "wrurrrrhhrhrhhhrrrrr" and it turned out to work. There was no forethought to it. It was the feel, that Orestes was kind of hanging back a little on the beat, the control in his playing, little weird rhythmic fill-ins here and there that really make it. The bass part's pretty nice too... The soft-to-loud thing is kind of idiotic. God knows you had all those fucking alternarock bands in the '90s just grind that shit into the ground.
I’m liking this story already. So how did you come up with such an unusual story?
Cheltenham Ladies Day 2012
yet the flame still pulls me in
Thanks to all of their help, we were able to get completely up to date with orders as of the end of last week. As a big, tired, very pregnant lady.. I am so grateful to each and every one of them!
PERSONALITY PLUS
Brand New City is #5 on the Powergrass Gospel top ten.
This morning there is four inches of snow. It is still sleeting and there are plenty of branches down on the Scots pines. There is a snow drift at the top of the lane, so I shall not venture out to Writers' Group. But, as I write, the sky is clearing and there are patches of blue here and there. The snow is that really wet stuff, so should go quite quickly.
and without thinking about it, to my desk.
Additional ingredients:
02 Birds of a Feather
Urgent joining in Mexico.
Thanks to one dear friend of mine and his stories, of course, I have more than enough material that needs to be illustrated and brought in pictures.
Zero sum sun
Another snapshot takes place when I was in high school. Thanksgiving was celebrated at our house and we used the good china. I remembered that I just wanted to be alone, so I offered to do all the dishes myself (By hand. It was the good china after all). My family and our guests disappeared. The snapshot is yellowed and fuzzy, but I think I see a few tears trickling down the face of a teenager enjoying a solitary wallow in her angst. I know I broke one of the china coffee cups. My daughter inherited the china, and you can see the hairline crack on a cup handle that was glued back together.
"We believe the way we distribute broadcast income plays a part in allowing each club to compete at the highest level."
Prior to the age of 18 the only thing I owned was my name and even that was a hand me down from my father and subject to repossession if I stepped out of line.
For those familiar with the Singapore Primary 1 registration stages, those who failed to get their first choice are usually forced to select from the remaining ‘less popular’ schools.
Heartburn: Like a mother.
Provide guidance in the development of reliable MS Service packages and products, ensuring all adheres to best practices and standards.
And I laughed when I saw him, in spite of myself;
K is getting into church. Today she asked what sort of "extracurricular" groups they had. There is a mother's group that meets twice a month. She said that would be fun. I would soooo not be comfortable with K at a mom's group with me. I don't know why. It's not that I feel a ... monopoly on the mother thing. But it's like, meh. That's my space.
There are many versions of Phat Thai and everyone has his or her own preferences. Often Phat Thai vendors will cook each portion slightly different according to customers' requests. I personally prefer my Phat Thai to be on the drier side, a little charred and not overly sweet - unfortunately I have yet to find a restaurant or cafe in Melbourne that manages to produce a plate of Phat Thai that caters to my taste.
Flashdance... What A Feeling - Skye (Irene Cara W’83)
If I could get him talking about the Mariners or the Seahawks or his cat, he'd forget he was swallowing pills and wouldn't gag.
I think I’m at the edge now but I could be wrong
First off, thank you for all your sweet and thoughtful comments about the baby! It was so touching to read every single one of them, and I should have told you that so long before now. I have the best readers, many of whom I'm so happy to call friends. You guys make this all worthwhile. But, I've been crazy busy with an editing project and life has been packed full this past week (oh, and it's a project I should not have taken on, because of the time commitment, as it turns out).
3 And one said, Be content, I pray thee, and go with thy servants. And he answered, I will go.
I am entering this into the Papertake Weekly Challenge which this week is Anything Goes. I thought about putting it into Crafty Cardmakers, which is Spring has Sprung, but I am not sure that it says Spring, so maybe I won't.
10. Tomb 19
In October 2006, recounting her life journey to an audience at the Living Word Christian Center, Bachmann talked about “receiving Jesus” at 16, studying hard, meeting her future husband at college, and earning a law degree. “My husband said ‘Now you need to go and get a post-doctorate degree in tax law.’ Tax law! I hate taxes—why should I go and do something like that?” she told the audience. “But the Lord says be submissive. Wives, you are to be submissive to your husbands.”
I really loathe this room. When we moved in 3 years ago, the walls were painted a dark burgundy, which made the room look like a cave or something horribly sinister. That just won't do for a kids bathroom, so I tried to lighten things up a bit with a bright aqua color! Yes, well, it's still no good.
A destructive cycle on a path
H - Height: 5'6"
Nalley 16oz $0.75/1
Edges of card and paper Distressed with Aged Mahogany Ink Pad
Jonathan Sanchez - I've typed the word 'Sanchez' waaay too much today. 0 pts
Next are the anarchists from #OWS Base Camp who managed to highjack the Merchant's Press Conference.
Inside, it's almost empty, the only other customers are men. So many of them seem to be wearing the unofficial working-man's uniform of an over-sized navy sweatshirt and loose-bottomed jeans. I wonder how many of them actually have any connection with the logos emblazoned on their chests.
Today, I would like to show you how to make some easy and useful topiary for indoor and table decorations.
Egypt is considered by Arabs to be the stomping ground of conquerors; practically under the influence of foreigners. Indeed, this time we sided with mobs run by the internationalist Muslim Brotherhood - who are al Qaeda sympathizers, if not the same thing - against trusted ally Hosni Mubarak, whose reward for delivering three decades of peace with Israel is kangaroo court for himself and members of his family.
"The pub called... you forgot your wheelchair again."
From here on out, the chapters get a little long, so we’ll break them into smaller pieces.
Wow, I love these girls. I have been noticing how big they are both getting lately, and I'm still blown away by just how quickly that happens. I was looking through old photos on our hard drive for something the other day. Obviously Scarlett is an entirely different person than that these days,
Ink: Memento Tuxedo Black, PTI Melon Berry, SU Old Olive, Cranberry, Chocolate Chip, So Saffron, Mellow Moss, Ranger Vintage Photo
My adaptations:
This fortnight's challenge at Top Tip Tuesday is Clean & Simple. I find this so challenging because I love adding flowers and bling, so I sneaked in a few pearls in the hope that it still qualified for C&S.
Evvie Nyx is an abomination within her world, both Light and Dark elf.
doily from my stash. The tag punch is an old one from Emagination
And for the inbetween scroll right...inbetween......
This was the first movie I saw after being out of the country for two years on a church mission and not seeing any movies at all during that time. The Excellent Adventure was such a strange, hilarious delight that I was giddy with anticipation at seeing the sequel. Unfortunately, Bogus Journey is an insipid, dull, and worst of all, unfunny movie. And I don't even have words to convey my revulsion for the ugly, ill-advised idea that is Station, the technologically savvy alien from heaven.
WOW, what a fab response we had to the 'Anything Goes' challenge!! Thanks so much to everyone who joined in! I'll be back to announce the 3 winners a little later...
all of us have become like unclean people,
failures. Some of my family, welcome me with open arms, some appear to
Our responses to misleading claims of superiority equal profit for those doing the misleading. So, can we truly be mad at them for exaggerating the truth? Are they wrong for overstating the facts? After all, they wouldn’t lie if it didn’t generate a positive, worthwhile response from us. And we all know that those positive responses keep coming, long after we know that the claims are not entirely true.
I thought the removable floor trays were a grand idea, but in practice they get jammed with litter. So I must remove all the litter through the little pop hole prior to removing the trays for washing. Doesn’t that defeat the purpose? Once this coop does finally fall apart, I think I want to build a coop that employs the deep liter method.
We only found the one, and due to heavy hail we gave up, soaking wet and headed for the town, fresh hot chips, tasty tub of curry, hot cocoa for me, squash for the girls and then it was home, via the pet shop and towards Morrison’s to meet daddy.
Chillaxing at 'AROMA' trying to ingnore the fact that it is SNOWING outside....Luckily they have a great homemade coco to warm one up!.I'll post more photos later;)
From the cover: In this book David Franklin writes about two of his careers: the first as a basso cantante which was cut short by a throat operation and the second in radio.
For starters, I'd be fluent in American Sign Language and German.
I LOVE IT!!!
The depreciation of a laptop value is so high, that after one year in the market, a laptop can easily lose half its value. So if you are looking for a cheap laptop, look for one which is close to one year old. Not all used laptop are in bad condition. You will be surprised to find that some used laptops are still in good condition because their owners are power users or gamers.
Couldn't resist adding one more. Here's a word cloud of Twilight, which looks much more like mine. I wonder if that's the difference between first person and third person POV. Hmmh. Might be worth doing more of these to check. I wonder if there's a pattern?
Prediction? At work yesterday I was asked plenty of times about whether I’m confident and my stock answer was it depends on which version of Liverpool turn up and whether or not Chelsea are distracted. The latter is clearer now given that Champions League qualification via the league is all but gone and there are two weeks before their show down in this year’s competition with Bayern Munich. One hopes we are hungrier as we have the incentive of a cup double to achieve, mind you so doChelsea! Suffice to say I think it will be very close nonetheless I’ll take us to win in extra time or from the spot after a 2-2 draw. Sorry to be so vague!
We made it through three books, by which point she had climbed onto my lap, then turned and to me and said, "Please. Can we go back inside now? It so much warmer reading not in all this ice."
Now, onto today's miracle... :0) Are you ready for this? I know I am... I EXPERIENCED SOME PAIN FREE TIME TODAY!!! WOOOOOOH HOOOOOOO! YEAH! Ok, that's about as excited as I can get through usage of writing styles, LOL. :0) I had not just an instant, but hours of no pain. OMGosh I have no idea how to handle this so I tried to accept it and say thank you to the Lord and the Universe and I tried very hard not to worry about what to do when it comes back because I think it will come back. But, it's 11:41 PM and I have been feeling almost totally pain free for most of the evening since around 4 or so this afternoon, I think. I'm starting to have a bit of pain now, but it's ok. It's BEARABLE!!!
The chief in that country was called Mbari his mutupo was Shumba ne chinanga and his chidawo was Gurundoro, he was sub-chief of Mutoko, who was his relation. Mbari was living on a hill called Harare (Salisbury Kopje) and he was a chief in that country. Chiweshe. Hwata and Mazorodze and their people were under Mbari. Mbari used to call Chiweshe, Hwata and Mazorodze to plough in his fields without pay and they were not given food to eat. This was done for many years. Chiweshe and Hwata and their people were being troubled by Mbari very much. Chiweshe went to Seke, and told him, Mbari is troubling us.” Seke said, “I have heard it but I have nothing to do with it so I cannot help you.”
As if I didn't have enough questions after reading the synopsis. Why doesn't anything frighten her? That must mean something she feared happened. What? Something involving a certain important person in Anya's life comes to mind right away. If it does involve the person I think it could, Anya must be devastated. And I doubt Yuji wants her only as a business partner.
The service itself, the Protestant hymns, the psalms and gospel, did not resonate with me, exactly. I grew up Jewish and still identify myself as Jewish. I did not grow up going to church, so the sensory and intellectual touchpoints are not embedded in my childmind, the mind that remains most open to such emotional cues.
We were also going to be given the chance to introduce our children to each other. You had to be 13 in order to enter the NICU so Averi, our oldest, hadn't seen her sister in person. She had only been able to see pictures. I am sure this was very hard on her because she didn't really know what was going on. Jim and I didn't tell her the full details because we wanted her to see that her sister was, for the most part, just like every other baby. We felt that if we told her everything she would worry too much. So today was the day. Our family would finally be one!!!
The three people I learned about are: John Wycliffe, John Huss, and Martin Luther, who all tried to get the Catholic doctrine corrected.
So what can you do? Well, that’s not something I can tell you. You know yourself and your circumstances. What you can do largely depends on these. But something is definitely better than nothing.
Soon our foes my sword shall feel.”
The obvious answer is their remarkable transformation. Metamorphosis is one of nature's most grandiose and extravagant miracles. It is incredible in the truest sense... you seriously cannot believe your eyes, when you get the chance to see it occur.
Noah is excited when he is approached by the coach of the Viking Track Club. He loves to run, and it helps him deal with both the bullies at school and the still too recent death of his father. While he has the support of his hardworking mother and uncle, and enjoys being on Coach Judge's team, he still has trouble focusing on running sprints. When he runs a longer race and talks to Coach Buchan, who knew his dad, he starts to connect a bit more to the sport, but when Coach Buchan ends up having a very serious health issue, he is scared. Watching his father go downhill was bad enough, and Noah doesn't think he can deal with it again. How can he concentrate on running when so many things are going on in his life?
After two months of it’s release, Stam1na’s Nocebo is finally in my hands. Since it was my first time ordering something from Finland i was expecting it to take quite a while to get to Brazil and i wasn’t wrong, to be more precise, it was pre-ordered on the 11th of january through the finnish website recordshopx.com and arrived a little over two months of the date it was sent. But nothing wrong with that because every single day of waiting was worth and when it was delivered i literally dribbled of excitement. Nocebo is a beauty.
3/8 tsp salt
Dishonest academia or cowed academia?
That's right ladies.... WE ARE RAGNAR!!!!!!
I am very much into working with encaustic, so I am collecting different "ingredients" to make my own colors of wax. Also all the other tools and paraphernalia that goes along with it: boards, irons, hot wire brushes, nibs, and anything to make texture!
Some people say, oh, nuts.
There can only be one winner for this hunka hunka burning kit!
This is a definite game-changer for B&N. And it might be a game-changer for the whole digital book community. A cash infusion from a rich company like Microsoft might well be the balm that soothes all of B&N’s ills. In addition, Microsoft will be releasing Windows 8 at the end of this year and no doubt some of that technology will find its way into the Nook.
In fiscal 2011, Calpers had an almost 21 percent return on investments, its best performance in 14 years.
I wish all of the crew over at Titmouse ALL THE BEST. But I'm sure with all the talent and the project itself.. they aren't going to need it :)
Heat oven to 200 degrees C/180 degrees C fan/ gas 6. Remove pork from the marinade and put on a small baking tray lined with foil. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes.
Put the asparagus in the fridge for at least 30 minutes (or up to a few hours) to absorb the flavors. When ready to cook, heat a skillet over medium heat and add asparagus (no need to use extra oil in the skillet since there's already some in the marinade). Saute for 5-10 minutes, until it reaches the tenderness you prefer.
But slowly, Mary's truths are failing her. She's learning things she never wanted to know about the Sisterhood and its secrets, and the Guardians and their power. And, when the fence is breached and her world is thrown into chaos, about the Unconsecrated and their relentlessness.
I am so excited about finally meeting everyone in person at the end of the month and learning more about blogging in general. Vane has been kind enough to let me talk a little about online advertising and monetizing your blog. I am by no means an expert, but my husband has worked in the online advertising world for close to a decade and I've been fortunate enough to learn a lot about the industry through him. I was planning on covering just the basics and send everyone home with a little guide. Below are some of the topics I was planning to cover and discuss. I would love input or suggestions on the items below and if I missed out on any topics you might be interested in learning more about. Thanks, ladies!
Callie caught between
Oh, man, every time, while I am drawing something for the blog, I imagine what I am going to write about it, and come up with some really nice fitting words - however when I have finished the picture I am completely exhausted and my mind is a blank. You must all be already very bored with my "Oh, wow, I loved blablabla", "thisnthat is so amazing/ beautiful/ breathtaking" sentences.
Winner has been emailed...thank you to all who entered!
(The full title is On The Origin Of Species By Means Of Natural Selection, Or The Preservation Of Favoured Races In The Struggle For Life.)
We are in a rut. Creatively. No complaining, though, because the ideas have usually been good. But I don't really need more ideas. I get it: You put some lovely food in a bowl and flavor it.
Without stepping on any ducks,
Noah’s Ark Zoo Farm takes it inspiration from the seminal Biblical story about the Great Flood, and has an array of exotic animals and farm animals paired up within the farm enclosures.
A tiny example: yesterday I slept late and switched on the radio at 10am. The first words I heard were the Woman’s Hour presenter introducing journalist Sophie Radice. Sophie’s novel, The Henry Experiment, has just been published by Linen Press Books – my publisher. Coincidence, yes. But it brings something else, a heightened awareness, a sense of something special happening – as someone I know recently described it, it’s ‘the sparkle in the eye of life.’
If *I* was your future daughter-in-law, my reaction to your email would have been to immediately re-categorize you from someone I might have someday grown close to based on our mutual connection, to someone to be tolerated at annual visits. I hope, for your family's sake, that Ms. Withers turns out to be a more forgiving sort than I am.
Scrappingly yours,
Time is running out we have to save the species
yields 16 cupcakes
I am pretty sure that I have lost weight. I went up into the attic and got out a couple of my “skinny” shirts and tried them on. (By skinny I mean 2X instead of 3X) They were still too tight, but I have lost inches for sure. I still have not weighed myself. I think I’ll wait until the day before vacation to do that.
I’m also trying out a Pinterest recipe called Crescent Chicken which is chunks of chicken and cheese rolled up in a crescent roll. I’m going to make my own crescent rolls (hopefully I’ll have the recipe down as I’m making several dozen to bring to Easter Dinner this weekend so I know I’ll be able to eat one thing at the family gathering. lol) and I’ve found an organic cream of chicken soup that is soy free. And, speaking of making my own bread, I’ve still got to make the homemade hamburger buns. Fingers crossed they come out well!
more than much fine gold, sweeter also than honey, dripping from the honeycomb. By them also is your servant taught and in keeping them there is great reward. Who can tell how often they offend?
Anyone familiar with the basics of Islamic monotheism will immediately spot the problems that these verses raise for Naik’s beliefs and explanation.
PS... apparently I'm in the mood for words/phrases that aren't real today...the expensive one is meant to rhyme with entrée...me likey.
Sawyer had a Level II ultrasound and a fetal echocardiogram. All appeared to be perfectly normal. He was also in the NICU briefly because of transient tachypnea (extra fluid in the baby’s lungs which would normally be squeezed out when the baby goes through the birth canal – c-section babies do not have the benefit of the fluid being squeezed out. )
Music feeds my passions, my desires, my heartache, my drive, my fears, my confidence. It is the fuel I need for life.
1) In Manarch on the castle walls, talk to THIS guy. He can make liquor for you that restores MP as you walk, but first he needs a few items.
The event was a concert. A Miranda Lambert concert. Almost all women, many of them wearing very short shorts, which is not something I think is a good idea even when it's warm out and certainly not when it is April in Milwaukee although and I'm going to be tacky here although I am certainly in no position to be throwing stones although I was not wearing shorts that were barely there so maybe I can toss a few pebbles, but it's not like these girls were going to be cold if you know what I mean.
Although obviously reminiscent of the films of Alfred Hitchcock, the film that Martin Scorsese's latest, "Shutter Island", reminds me most of is Stanley Kubrick's "The Shining" due to my post-screening reaction to the film. It is not a secret that I consider both directors to be two of my filmmaking heroes. Yet, with "The Shining" and "Shutter Island", there is this inescapable feeling that both filmmakers are applying a considerable amount of spit and shine to material that is, how shall I put this, Grade C Junk. What makes both films seem desperate is that Scorsese and Kubrick work overtime to convince us (and, I believe, themselves) that they are not making B movies by artfully composing one superficially beautiful or clever shot after another that are ultimately devoid of much meaning or emotion.
ZP: Well, it’s a number of factors. It’s mostly been personnel and getting to a place where we felt we had a consistent and reliable band, which we just haven’t had in a while. Essentially since Matt (Carlson) left some time ago we haven’t had a real consistent line up, so an opportunity to go on a tour, we would always have to scramble to figure something out. Because I don’t really play anything in the live band any more it ends up being a lot of focus and pressure on the people whom we get, and often time as such opportunities rise in such short order that we haven’t been able to capitalize on going on tour.
My final results were that I went from 257 pounds to 221.8 in ten weeks, 35.2 pounds lost and I’ve lost even more since then by sticking to some different versions of the great habits that I’ve developed. (more on changing it up – in the future) I lost 33 total inches off my body and won first place in the challenge, not to mention $200 BONUS! (Oh, and my sister got 3rd place ha ha!)
Maybe tapering and drinking go together in some sense?
in 1981, embodying an increase by 82,365 persons in those twenty years (email from Gerald Peiris, 24 Oct. 2010).
I for one am thinking of starting a 12 step program, Pinners anonymous. Message me if you want to know about the upcoming meetings.
And then - as always – the conversation spun off at several tangents. We talked about what would happen if women ruled the world. About how to make teenage girls feel good about themselves. About make up and clothes and whether they matter and how much women dress for themselves and how much for men. We talked about cosmetic surgery, boob jobs in particular, and who’d have one. Then Red brought out a magnificent meringue cake, spread with home-made lemon curd and covered with edible gold dust, and Natasha presented her with a personalised cookery book, made up of Book Club members’ pictures and recipes, and made an emotional speech about how much they'd miss her. Red talked about how she’d loved Book Club, how much it meant to her, how it was the thing she’d miss most when she left Amsterdam. I felt very pleased with myself for nominating her.
I’m not trying to belittle Aboriginal beliefs, of course. Unlike apes, humans are sentimental creatures who get emotionally attached to the landscape they inhabit. The circus I belonged to once rented a venue which was a field with a great big bush in it. When we suggested pruning the wretched thing, the owner had a fit.
* An explanation for the Newsday raid.
Unbridled, Jun 12 2012, $25.95
Somewhere I'm happy
Part 1. Skincare
Among his many recollections in this film, Miller’s personal account of a near-death experience is extremely convincing. Likewise, his story about a serious illness during which time he envisioned sacred beings helping to make him well again comes off utterly natural and believable.
It's amazing! The kit comes with EVERYTHING you need but scissors. All the pieces have the patterns on them, and you just cut following the lines. I could have let Emmy do this part, too, but I was a little control freakish about that.... Anyhow, once the pieces were cut, I showed Emmy the order for glue for the boys, girls, and toadstools, and let her go to town. Then she was able to glue on embellishments that were in the kit, such as buttons, flowers and butterflies, sequins, glitter, ric rac and more. Emmy had so much fun doing this! Here she is working on it... oh, and the wax paper to work on was even included in the kit!
Molly went to Dog Heaven yesterday, Nov. 24, 2010. I sure hope she's met my beloved Punkers because they'll make great pals.
But I was embarrassed.
As you can see...no cardigan. I actually have to hang my head in shame, because not only is there no cardigan, I haven't worked on it since Wednesday. As mentioned Wednesday, I haven't felt great and working on something that I could possibly screw up that I worked so hard on seemed like a bad idea. So did I work on my January Harry Potter socks instead you ask? Of course not!
11.One Thousand Years 03:46
No ear but His hears us as we pour out our heart’s feelings and desires.
Looking For Something Easy & Powerful?
And of course you can’t become if you only say what you would have done
- Constantina
3. Kantipur Temple House is less illustrious than Dwarika's, but with its central Thamel location, far more convenient for most travelers. A stroll down the labyrinthine streets toward the neighborhood known as Jyatha will bring you to the courtyard of the Temple House, where you can easily alternate between the cool shade of the interior or the soothing sun of the gardens. KTH prides itself on being entirely eco-friendly, using no disposable plastics and furnished entirely with locally crafted products. It's perfect walking distance from both the busy Kantipath main road and the historic locations of Durbar Square, Hanuman Dhoka, Swayambhu and Ason Tol.
William Brown, owner retired of 7-Eleven Stores, was also awarded the Life Member honor. Brown is a financial supporter both personally and through his business, 7-Eleven – the largest single donor to The Salvation Army Central Oklahoma Area Command.
Agile uses several planning and monitoring techniques, such as Release and Iteration Planning, Burn Downs and Burn Ups. CMM prescribes a fairly detailed modus operandi for planning through an entire process area, and follows up with a whole other process on Monitoring and Control. It also requires, at Level 3 maturity, that the entire organization follows a common project management methodology.
Been thinking of starting an Etsy shop to sell some of my cards.
We're so excited, and feel so very blessed with this good fortune.
Jonas Gahr Støre and the Norwegian political leadership are rightly horrified by the terrorist attacks in Norway, but they apparently had no qualms about approaching Breivik’s counterparts in the Middle East, a militant organization that has previously carried out horrific terrorist attacks inside Israel. How can the red-green Coalition Government in Norway even attempt to justify such a travesty? And why haven’t they joined the EU and US in classifying Hamas a terrorist organization? It’s absolutely disgusting and revolting. Israeli terrorist victims are just as innocent as Norwegian terrorist victims. The fact that Støre and Norwegian politicians would sink this low is a slap in the face of the families of all the Israeli terrorist victims that have died as a result of Hamas attacks, and it is by no means any less offensive than a foreign government wanting to engage in a dialogue with Breivik’s partners, if they exist.
I am going to enter this card into the following challenges:
Producer : C.R.Manohar
We ended up with no offensive linemen.Two highly-regarded linebacker prospects de-committed towards the end of the recruiting season. Those downers were thorns in what could have been something to really celebrate.
But as the reward coins accumulated, I begin to look at ways to enhance my farm. I grew embarrassed by the covered tent—-the only shelter for my imagined self—-and sought ways to stockpile coins so I might be upgraded to a cottage. I analyzed crops by cost, maturity and coins yielded to achieve my new housing goal. Once I achieved a cottage though, I wanted a farm house. Now that I have a farm house, I want a manor--but it’s an awful lot of coins…
apple cider vinegar, just a splash
and have come back each week
But when it ended I had no space blanket. I had no medal. My pets didn't even give me half of a semi-green banana. What the hell?!? Instead of the regular post-race celebration I hopped in the shower and formulated a plan. What better way to celebrate that planning a girl day in the big city?? -- Ha, okay, you Oregonians know that ANY city is big compared to where I live!
C: “Babies do too!”
The tribe has no regard for idle chat. They have only four words for numbers — one, two, three and many — and two for colours — mili for dark shades and mola for light. You say la’uk when you meet a lady, and the rest of the time you can get by with the use of the word wa, which translates as anything from “Good morning” to “Thank you” to “Is it safe to cross that raging torrent on this lethal-looking rope bridge?”
Among all the four year old girls that is.
OMG! OMG! :-(
let’s dance to
Then comes the best part — for them – when they exploit their power. Fortunately for our pride (however delusional) it might be a few years before we watch our leaders openly mock and laugh at us on television. Nevertheless our responsibility remains clear. The First Republic, under the Articles of Confederation, failed. The Second Republic, under the Constitution, lived for over two centuries. The Third Republic lies in our future. The question is when we will awaken, and what form it will take. The road looks long and difficult.
leave for a tea-break you open it,
"Shut up you lot and let’s go. I'm gonna take great delight in beating this lot!"
Sun-AM: 1:36, 2800' ~ Green Mt.
Be prepared for the longest post ever. I was getting ready to put a bunch of pics up on FB, and then I just got a little too overwhelmed. Unlike many people, I don't like doing this stuff on Facebook because I feel like I have more control with my blog. I don't really like the idea of inviting all 400+ friends into my personal life, not to mention this is the only way I can journal and describe our trip in detail. Besides, this really is for me and my memory because one day this so-called outstanding memory I have will slowly dwindle as I get older. Don't worry (for those who have asked), I do intend on putting some of this on FB, but this just feels more personal and intimate. And really, I'm fine with the select few who read my blog to see my Victoria Secret Body Double look of mine in a swimsuit, but not necessarily everyone on FB!
we'll figure out what's wrong. It turns out
She says so many words now.
8. When is “May Day” used as a distress call? Can you name a movie that used this call?
When the contractor came over to inspect the place (due to a major leak in the roof) he took a look at the back door and said, "That door looks rotten." With the landlord standing there, he bent down to push on the lower panel and stuck his entire finger through it!
"I didn't want it to stop."
“Philip got up and knelt down to say his prayers. It was a cold morning, and he shivered a little; but he had been taught by his uncle that his prayers were more acceptable to God if he said them in his nightshirt than if he waited till he was dressed. This did not surprise him, for he was beginning to realize that he was a creature of a God who appreciated the discomfort of his worshippers.”
This excursion really represented a turning point for me; I painted in inclement weather! I was so excited to be spending the week in beautiful Bridgeport, California with my husband, who would be fishing. My mother in law even came and offered to watch our little dachshund while I painted! Imagine the disappointment when we learned that there would be only one day of sunshine during our trip! Well, we brought some "weather proof" gear and trudged on! I discovered that painting outdoors (even in the rain) is always an exhilarating experience!
As I wandered and observed the crowd, I realized that although this was not my first rodeo, others either had very little experience at festivals or were a little dense and hadn’t quite got it all figured out.
"We can't do that!" Kristy's livid at this point. God, she's so sexy when she's morally outraged.
The alert could then be extended to the next tier so that, for instance, experts on nuclear power and crisis management could instantly offer opinions on the likelihood of various disaster scenarios. Others could predict where aftershocks were most likely to occur. And on and on.
is force the only thing to understand
*** TODAY IS OUR SECRET ADMIRER REVEAL AS TOMORROW IS OUR EXCLUSIVE EARTH DAY INTERVIEW WITH THE EARTH GODDESS HERSELF, GAIA ***
You see, she’s not just beautiful…she’s humble too! And smart! But still vulnerable, don’t forget that. And she falls over stuff. Clearly she’s a kook. Yawn… See: French Kiss, While You Were Sleeping, oh, just about every Meg Ryan/Sandra Bullock/Kate Hudson romcom.
I know some people who, even though they grew up in Denmark, don’t feel like they belong here. I am sure, that some of it has to do with their appearance. I think I would feel less danish if I looked different. This is probably because, In Denmark, you stand out very easily if you don’t look like the majority. This is not something that I would prefer, but it is how it is.
However, even if you don’t have a family history of diabetes, it’s important to keep reading: Laurie didn’t have a family member with diabetes, either.
As you know, Flourishes is my favorite stamp company and for WCMD they are issuing a challenge: "Think Like a Kid and Make a Card Inspired By the Colors Of Your Favorite Animated Character!"
