It's just amazing how you can love someone so much without knowing who they are or if they're even born yet!
Katsuyuki Hirai, 32, Hartsdale, N.Y.
I will work there *anytime*...Evil Queen, you just give me a ring, m'kay?
In the segregation unit we were shown a small cage like enclosure where we were told that a “law library” will be held for the offenders in segregation. This access will be offered by computer terminal only, presumably to sites like Westlaw and Lexus-Nexus. We were told the offenders in segregation will not be allowed to have access to any other law library materials (books, etc.) other than what is offered on the computer terminal.
ONLY in White countries are we expected to believe that Turks are Germans,
When Korczak Ziolkowski and Lakota Chief Henry Standing Bear officially started Crazy Horse Memorial in 1948 they had hardly anything in the way of money or even projected funding. Since then, for the past 60 years, Ziolkowski and others banded together and would not give up - they simply made it happen. In a lot of ways, I think the Crazy Horse Memorial has allowed people to be at their best, which is certainly a welcomed contrast to darker days of mistreatment and duplicity.
Since chareter schools are able to hit the reset button when they open, test scores start from a new baseline which wipes out any of the ‘past’ history and lets everyone breathe a sigh of relief at not being on the bottom rung and maybe, just maybe there is a way out of the hole (generally something which looks like parenting and parent involvement – two things poverty stricken families do not tend to have in good supply). The teachers at the new charter school (old Chipman) will receive all the accolades in a few years when there is a path of data to support they did indeed improve test scores. No one is sure where all the students who would be going there, went there, are there in Grade 6 this year but it will be a new school in Grade 7 are going to be ‘disaggregrated’ but the data suddenly will change.
You have to empower yourself in the now, knowing the victory will be instant and immediate. You must own the skills needed to succeed.
Curated by Martha Wilson, artist and founder of Franklin Furnace
I am starting heirloom tomato plants from seed today in little peat pots in the kitchen,they are supposed to be able to move outdoors in 2-4 weeks then into the ground a couple weeks after that…more to follow as they progress(or don’t!).
As I teach the Fuzzball about what is important in life, she hears one word from me that is largely unused, unspoken, and to most Americans, unimportant. I know that I am one of the few persons I know who uses the word “clan”. But it is one word that she, and most children now, need to know.
(Airplane updates continued)
Don't get me wrong. My parents were good parents in that they provided me with a lot, but they had a complete lack of knowledge of what was going on inside me, and how much I dreaded going to school by that time. My dad was way too confident to even know what bullying was like, and my mom was ever so popular in high school. It took a whole tantrum to make them change their mind, and even then, my dad wanted the opinion of the girl who had become my friend. The one I had previously defended from the bullies in class.
otherwise be missed. Shooting with Amber, though, was an
First, thank you Heather for inviting me to do this interview! I’m so happy to be here on your great blog.
Whoo loves these as much as I do?
become grey
I think within ten minutes the phone rang again. I didn’t have call display unfortunately back then so I answered. This time it was Brenda. Brenda basically at this point was an alcoholic and I swear even at that early morning hour she’d been drinking. Brenda knew what I’d said to WC, she too wanted to attend the memorial. Brenda started recalling the many good times we’d had together when we first met, talked about a cosmetics party I’d held at her house and how much fun we’d had, etc. She mentioned that we were once good friends and that she’d really like to attend.
First and foremeost, I love my sister--she's a total life safer, who brought me migraine medicine and walked the poodle for me when I was out of commision. I know it's what sisters are supposed to do, but still, it's a big deal, so THANKS ODICHI, I LOVE YOU MUCH!!
Facing north on Cornmarket Street just south of George Street/Broad Street, Oxford (Sept. 2011).
Yep, I really did that. I however, have a brain that doesn't stop and a gazillion bazillion ideas flowing by the second, so in the moment, I grab paper and let it flow.
On the walk home toddler #2 was put in the pram against his wishes, which did not surprise me. He had been grumpy all day and moaning about everything and anything he could think of, trying to tantrum at EVERYTHING and just generally being a little… ahem… while toddler #1 just left him to it and was very good “insert smug smile”. As toddler #1 can be like that, I do sympathise, it’s just so nice when it happens to someone else for a change!!
Photo credit: The tremendous image up top is from Tanya Khovanova, in this post. The original question was rather brilliant: "Which one of these things does not belong?" Many thanks to Sue, who pointed out the author below.
Two times we took a trip to Inveraray, half an hour drive from Lochgoilhead, a slightly bigger place with cozy pubs and tearooms, and a couple of shops which sell scottish souvenirs and local arts and products. A nice place to visit, apparently in the summer it’s better when there is also the opportunity to visit a landhouse with supposedly beautiful gardens and a tearoom.
A piece twice as wide as you want the tag to be
Enjoy your purchase from Whoopdi Friggin Doo!
Adult learners and their tutors/teachers are encouraged to work together in writing, typing, editing, and submitting a written piece. We ask that completed essays be submitted along with the completed online form.
Talk Nerdy to Me… It’s Valentine’s Day and Samantha was just dumped by her boyfriend. She goes into a local bar to drown her sorrows and runs into Evan the IT Geek. They’ve worked together for several years, but he acts kinda snarky toward her so she kinda avoids him unless it is necessary. Now he’s comforting her and they both have a bit much to drink. She starts to see him in a different light and he confesses his infatuation with her. The next morning they agree to give it a try.
Cost of event – $50,000
While these cookies were sweet enough for me, you may prefer more sweetness to balance with the salt. In one batch, I added an additional 15 grams of maple syrup for my sweet-tooth friends and they definitely appreciated it. You may also find that you would prefer less salt or even no salt at all on top. No worries, I won't be offended. With or without the garnish, the cookie is still delicious with a great chew and the combination of teff and quinoa flours really lend it a satisfying, earthy flavor reminiscent of hazelnuts or chestnuts. Most definitely a delight for the tastebuds.
so on the right of this post is a section called “Flicker Photos´´.
An ode to their plight is this dirge
We checked in and lugged our luggage to the room – no bellboy here. For the first time ever, we found ants in the bed. Ants? And the air-con didn’t work. So, we got upgraded – to what they call a chalet – although it is like a semi detached house (?). It didn’t mean much – a flat screen TV we didn’t watch, a refrigerator we didn’t use, but at least an air-con that worked, and an absence of ants – although no absence of huge cockroach – which we dispatched with some spray we’d brought with us.
wedge salad
"Of course, I've only heard it once today. Hey, do you want to.."
Because of that, waist management is about developing contingency plans—plans that allow you to make mistakes and then get back on the right road. We’re going to teach you how to make a YOU-Turn when you do make mistakes with Twinkies or Tootsie Rolls or any bad-for-your-waist foods. That way, your dietary fender benders won’t turn into 100-car Autobahn pileups.
Yesterday Sophia and I visited a Waldorf school in the city. Wow! It is a dream school. My first impression was good as we walked through the door and immediately Sophia was addressed as the person who had the appointment rather than me. Since Sophia is the one who researched and discovered the school and made the appointment as well as all email correspondence, I was so happy that she was respected as the person driving this interview.
My apartment is probably what makes me happiest about living in the area. It’s got character. The old Italian couple who live beneath us are cute. I like the husband, though we can’t communicate very well since I know no Italian and he little English. Our kitchen window looks over into his garden. Last week he gave us fresh tomatoes.
So what' a girl to do? How about you just leave a comment saying that you follow my blog and I'll give away a copy to a random follower tomorrow? Here's what you could get:
It seemed like three days not the full three weeks. The time passed so flawlessly, so smoothly that Wayne was shocked when Yung said “Darling, tomorrow our last day. Tonight our last night.” No more words were spoken. The silent spell continued through the night; neither getting any sleep. The six am wake up call shook the shivers thru Wayne and Yung…each vowing the everlasting love that will bind them forever in the memory and shadow of Pattaya.
I’m kind of amazed at Gusman’s comments. The Consent Decree is a fact of life that Gusman should accept. To challenge DOJ comments as sensationalized is baiting the very hand that will be feeding them for years to come. Apparently Gusman has decided to pay lip service to the Consent Degree negotiations and not cooperate very much.
US counter-terrorism officials may try to kill American citizens embroiled in extremist groups overseas with “specific permission” from higher up, the top US intelligence chief said.
By now, you all know I love making things. Big things, little things, and different kinds of things. During the winter, one of my favorite things to do is crochet.
Let me go back there and begin at the beginning . . .
I arrived at his home and he asked what I’d like to drink as he led me to his living room. He told me to have a seat and brought in two drinks and sat beside me. We made a toast to the night ahead and then he said he was going to start dinner. I got up and asked what he needed me to do and he looked at me as though I morphed into Gary Busey and made a poem out of the letters of his name. He disappeared into the kitchen and just as I slinked back down onto the sofa, he returned with another drink (for me) and picked up a remote control. He pressed a button and a movie screen emerged from the ceiling. He told me he knew I’d missed Saturday Night Live and other shows from the previous weekend and had created a folder with my name on his high-tech tv system with all of them queued for me to watch. He flashed his movie star smile and went back to the kitchen closing the french doors behind him. There was a moment when he was at the stove (his back to me) when I saw him taste the sauce he was making. He shook his head as though to say, “Nope, this isn’t gonna cut it for what I’m trying to do here,” and my heart grew three sizes that day.
Millions of voters decided they preferred to be travelling along the growth road rather than continue to experience the bumpy ride along the austerity track that has cost them jobs, money and resulted in misery for many.
after practically going to sleep with quandariness
no just some of them
I don’t usually go in for political commentary here, because usually everything that can be said has been said on the internet before I find out about it, but occasionally I read something utterly vulgar and depressing and I think it worthy of a punt.
2) Ghir Khoudouni
Considering that we have yet to have an honest and realistic debate about the Iraq war, it is perhaps a little rash to expect anything different of Afghanistan, especially as the view of the UK administration on the conduct of the war seems to be locked in aspic.
So, here we are…
- War of the Ring bases. I have some bases cut and with sand. I need to paint them in preparation for the upcoming game.
Nathalia Suellen is a digital dark artist, born and raised in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. She discovered her passion for digital art and photography in 2008 and since then she has began her journey as a self taught artist, mainly focused on macabre and dark imagery. At only nineteen, she started her own business, Lady Symphonia Digital Art and consequently, taking her first clients which allowed her to improve and challenge herself. Her strange and emotional dark vision drew attention from a great public of artists, photographers, clients and admirers worldwide.
The landlady and Tam grew gracious,
ND - But if you can agree a CVA with your creditors, you can shed debt and a number of clubs, a large number of clubs, have done that across the UK over the years. That’s within the rules. It may not be right but…
JULY 1978
Prototype 17 is a 4.9% lager (Brewdog 77 is the base beer) aged in whisky casks with raspberries. Cold and refreshing, the perfect beer for a hot summers day. I really didn't detect any influence from the whisky cask at all, but the raspberries come through really well. Sharp, tart, and fruity. Much more pronounced than the raspberries in Brewdogs Raspberry Wheat beer. Overall it's my 2nd favouite fruit beer. That honour goes to Great Divides Wild Raspberry ale.
The beginning of November was so much fun. My sweet little guy turned 4 years old! How is that even possible?
Pardon if I have dwelt upon the marvels of the outer aspect and given but a paltry nod to but a handful of interior features.
There are times when you will absolutely,
There is a specialist shop in Zermatt selling chocholate. If you are not in a hurry and wish to save cost, it is better to buy the bigger packets of chocholate at a supermarket near the bigger train stations.
Black Pudding laughed and smiled broadly.
'Evacuating' in this context means that the IDF or the border police came in, removed the inhabitants and dismantled the buildings, in this case a few young people and seven tin and wood huts.
To his dismay, by the time Borsten had arrived, the underworld had already started repairing the earth and had formed the Conglomerate, holding complete control over the entire planet because it was they alone who controlled the production of soames. Borsten, however, does have plans to overthrow the Congolmerate and take over control of the earth.
I finally got around to sprucing up my original Silhouette files and uploading them to box.net. I've made a page with a photo, original post link, and file link for each card that you can get to by clicking "free silhouette files" at the top of my blog (or just go here). In cases where I did use some Silhouette downloads, I deleted those from the file and told you which images to buy from the store. It's the first time I've tried sharing Silhouette files, so if you find something that doesn't work, let me know. I'll try to keep it up to date as I make new files. Let me know if you use them, too, I'd love to see what you create!
Duke's mouth hangs open in awe.
-You Tube
Stanza seven. This is our destination this Advent season, so strangely begun in the Matthew 21 text of Palm Sunday. We are beginning our travels to the beside manger by first marching into the Passion of Jesus and finding no other wooden contraptions ever constructed so beautiful or comparable than these two with outstretched frame, the outstretched arms of a manger for cradling the holy babe, the outstretched arms that pull apart, expose, and yet cradle the pierced body of this child hung high above the earth. At both locales, shines forth for us the newborn light of the world, the light of peace between God and man. This glory shines through the darkness of this world’s night. Sin’s darkness of doubt and despair cannot reside there, and so the temple curtain tears, the rocks split, the Lord lifts His voice, and the earth melts; for where there is the forgiveness of sins, there is also life and salvation, the Savior of the nations, the virgin’s son. This is what we believe. This is our song of faith as we travel. This is our hope and destination because this is our faithful hero’s glorious destination.
Ever since there was Web 2.0, I don’t know if it revolutionized the Internet very much, but the suffix 2.0 has caused a huge stir in the vocabulary of common geek man (Common Geek is one who lusts for that 1TB USB external hard drive for $99 through techbargains.com).
all those promises you made me in the sweet spring
Busted at the Bus
Here is an extract from Leeds Planning to FOPP; followed by Councillor Graham Latty’s reply back to Leeds Planning:-
Geez! It's been crazy around here for the past few weeks. The girls both had personal crises towards the end of the school term, Jeff is working himself to death, and my Dad announced that he's getting remarried ... right NOW. My world is a little off-kilter at the moment.
So... I'm done whining.
If you think of us, pray for us during this crazy time in our lives.
O you who turn the wheel and look to windward, 320
The ones I did do: travel to a new place (Tampa, FL), finish the Kellie and Steven year 1 minibook, go on at least 1 photoshoot (i did 2), go on a bike ride in riverside, make a minibook out of paintchips, have a picnic in the park, let go of grudges (still working on this, but I've come a long way), declutter home, save monet, finish Lost seasons, bike more, and fingerpaint.
The interior design team from M Square Lifestyle Design ensured that finishes and fittings accentuated the architecture of the home. All fittings were specifically designed and made to suit the architecture of the house. “The interior reflects the exterior with intersecting planes creating points of interest. The exposed steel roof trusses, steel I-beams, and the bent steel staircase tie the interior with the exterior and refer to the quasi industrial aesthetic of the home,” explains Phia van der Meulen of M Square Lifestyle Design.
"When you are out as Christen you mean?", she asked.
And other stuff like what I had on....
If we hang in there long enough, and bring enough to it, after several years we're finally pretty good. Other people like to dance with us (it's no longer based on our age, looks, or height but on how well we dance and who are friends are) and we manage very well dancing with others. We enjoy this point on the wheel for quite a while, proud of the skills that we've worked so hard to attain.
But ministry aside my daily actions are pretty much the same. And the routines with the kids are also pretty much the same.
These are the things that I made for Miss Lily.
Superdry Touch Pod: $5.95
Beware
1. Weather Report Suite - 18:18
The moons shown at the start of the video are, from left to right, Callisto, Ganymede, Europa, and Io. The video simulation was made using Starry Nights Pro software.
Saddest question: Are they strawberries?
Face it — isn’t it better to hear the truth than to always wonder why?
3 alone
Professional acting, modeling, TV, commercials, behind-the-scene scenes, romance, friendship, friendly competition and insider secrets
I've been doing this for years, since Popkomm was in Cologne. Cologne in early September was usually a really nice place to be: drinking Kölsch by the side of the Rhine on a warm late-summer evening is an experience everyone should have. Now it's in Berlin, at the ICC convention center, having been bought by the city from the consortium who started it, just in time for the collapse of the record industry. Berlin: always such great timing. Still, this has meant that the music part of the conference, in clubs during the evenings, has expanded, which is good PR for the event, even though, from what I could see, the daytime part, the trade show and conference, is smaller than ever. (Rumor has it that the event won't be held at the ICC next year, and I'm wondering where it would be held, if not: Kongreshalle am Alexanderplatz? Maybe...)
1 cup whole milk
Near the end of the summer, she got hand, foot and mouth disease. That's quite fun. She's sick here in this picture. She doesn't look so bad, but she was on the couch and didn't move for a long time, let me rock her to sleep, refused to eat for days and was up a lot in the middle of the night miserable from her fever.
away
Level 5: Damage: +5%, Critical Rate: +5%.
Rules: Read at least one mystery set in each one of the states. No particular time limit.
When I became an educator, I tried my best to gain the trusted and respected image from my students. I want them to remember me as the teacher who imparts learning, not using the classic terrorizing approach. I wanted them to see me as a friend that still gains the respect of a teacher.
What makes violin craftsmanship so interesting is the alive, organic way it births a violin. It is as raw and intangible as bottling wine. Every inch of wood is different, each breathes different and will sound different combined with any other particular piece of wood. Wood, the product of these magnificent gigantic life forms that we love as trees, is an organism, that we are shaping into a music bearing tool for our humanly desires. Einstein discovered string theory through a single violin note–explaining the world through the perfect beautiful loops of sound these instruments played.
Here's my second post using Bashful Buddy. I entered it in the Sassy Cheryl Snowy Sketch, but like a dummy, forgot about following the sketch. I was planning on remaking him as a Packer Fan so I quickly colored up another one and followed the sketch exactly. I did take some artist liberty in exchanging his star for a Cheesehead. This is one of the Packer symbols that fans love to wear to the games. I drew this free hand with some Prismas and used a Copic to make the holes. Hope you all like it!
RLRFW Blog (rlrfwblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Most of you are too young to remember what happened at Kent State in 1970, but it is important in the political and cultural history of our country. I mention this event because it happened on May 4th -- today -- forty two years ago. The picture shown above is the iconic image of that event.
Here’s a quick review on some apps we have discussed in class:
Summary: (crdeits from wikipidia)
Group 1 – Tapped Jan. 1st
She ventured forward on the light;
4. Parking will be up to the attendees. Our little brewery does not have the facilities to accommodate vehicles.
This is what we as women are going to experience again. Except we are not coming from our mother’s womb, or giving birth to a child. But through the wound of Jesus! The price has been paid and we must now show honor to Him. Have you been squeezed? You see, you have to go through this process, because it is here you will realize what is inside of you brewing. Then you will begin to go through the cleansing process of being renewed and refined (developed). So you are now aware of what’s on the inside which is not pleasing to God.
Of course that didn’t happen so we tracked west past Pen-y-Fan aiming for the spur to the north west where I was prepared to sit it out at ridge height to wait for some sunshine.
Banerjee has also to keep in good humour the middle classes and the townspeople in general, who voted not only for herself as usual, but this time also for her party candidates en masse. Then there are other important votebanks to be satisfied: younger generations, the minorities, women. However, for all her gimmicks and promises there is little evidence that any one of these sections is happy with the government.
These sentences are where we left off and where we will pick back up…
She is next to me now. I see her smooth white legs in front of me.
As the awards were to be hosted in the city an early event was held to drive entries from Leeds and the wider region and ensure that the Leeds industry was represented. A month before the awards were due to take place the team felt that there was a poor attendance at the awards from the local sector and created a week-long programme of events to encourage attendance and use the national profile of the awards to draw attention to Leeds.
Scratching out rhyme
That's about 100 kids too many.
The tribe Awa-Guajá has about 360 survivors - with one hundred of them have ever had contact with the white man. Due to the violent action of illegal loggers and ranchers who invade reserves, Survival believes that the Awas are the tribe most endangered on the planet. Along with the campaign, the NGO has launched a website with information, pictures and videos on the tribe .
The reason this beer is regular to me is that it is relatively inexpensive (I purchased a case of 12 bombers at the brewery for about $25, 3 cases for $60) and is a year round beer available at the brewery. And the brewery is easy to stop by and pick it up. Maybe that is tough for some people but for me, it is on my way back and forth between Providence (where I live) and Cape Cod (where my wife's family lives). Westport is right off of the highway and an easy side trip. We can stop by, pick up a case (or three) and get right back on the highway where we were going. So, it is easy to find (at the brewery!). It is something I drink regularly (and can be drank regularly). It is pretty inexpensive and can be purchased without much problem. So, it answers all of the criteria I set out when starting this. It is my regular beer for the time being.
This is what I look like when I am concentrating. Well that, or my tongue sticking out. (Glad there wasn't a picture of that :) So that is what I tried new!!!! And it was so incredible!!!! Looking forward to the next time :)
I am still craving for their satay until this very day. The meat is grilled to perfection. There ain't much fat on the meat and the texture is just to my liking. The sauce is pretty average but the meat is well marinated and full of flavour.
people were eating and drinking,
So choose what energy you want to birth in the world, and focus on becoming it. The potentials within you are infinite and the universal power within you, is being remembered.
Star Nations in this Universe to present it to you in the most
to share my bed with body and soul
I had passed by the Educated Palate a lot in the past three years of living here in San Francisco. I never thought to go inside until recently....
I want to start doing challenges on my blog. I don't know about you but I love challenges, especially when it comes to crafting/creating. I will start tomorrow and will try to do them every day except Saturday and Sunday. I will try to make this a Monday through Friday thing. I am trying to come up with a different challenge theme for each day of the week.....like for example tomorrow is Friday and I would like the theme for Fridays to be I Love Flowers Friday...so I will post a picture of a flower and my/your challenge will be to make whatever you want with that picture as your inspiration....it can be a card, scrapbook page, anything you want it to be as long as it is hand made by you. After you are done, you can leave a comment with a link to your blog to show your beautiful creations.
There’s a dull ache in my heart when I hear, “Each time Honolulu City lights brings me back again.” I want to laugh and cry, as if the pleasant memories of the islands are at war with the melancholy of being away from them. When I’m in Pittsburgh, I still feel like part of my spirit and body are in Hawaii. Any time I see something that remotely reminds me of my home (i.e. a palm tree, the ocean, Hawaii Five-0, Lilo and Stitch, Forgetting Sarah Marshall, or pretty much anything Asian), I feel ridiculously drawn to it. I mean, honestly, that girl on Top Chef who cries all the time is not my favorite contestant, but she’s Asian and that reminds me of home and that makes me (a little bit) less inclined to wish she’d get kicked off. I kind of wish this weren’t the case because I feel like that might be sort of racist. Then again, thanks to PC overload, I feel like everything is racist–even the “Trader Ming’s” brand at Trader Joes.
Me: Yes that is your potassium
Conner Ford finished second in class, with Capaldi third and Start came home in fourth.
Banana cake is so popular and needs no introduction. Each of you have a favorite recipe of this cake. I too had tried various recipe of this treat with added chocolate, oat or chopped nuts.
This is for you with the most sincere wish of love, peace and happiness upon you and your loved ones always.
This was in my DailyOm newsletter this morning (www.dailyom.com). Brilliant advice voice artists, entrepreneurs and ambitious, goal-oriented people no matter what our chosen career and service offering.
SF) Three artists you would like to exhume and interview? / Tre artisti che vorresti riesumare ed intervistare?
beds in his apartment. I just wanted to make everyone happy so that no
The advanced token manager can also support Office Activation and works on all versions of Windows 7.
Your beauty and your smile
*roasted red peppers
Federal and regional authorities provide public health services, as defined by these six categories: population health assessment, health promotion, disease and injury control and prevention, health protection, surveillance (i.e., collection of health data to guide public policy), and emergency response.
Thus, in this project, I’ve begun to think about ways in which one male/male romance novel in particular—Anne Tenino’s Frat Boy and Toppy—might be re-visioned so as to allow it to follow in the footsteps of Fifty Shades of Grey, to come into the dominant discourse in order to complicate this nascent discussion of female desire, of the texts through which women are “allowed” to negotiate, explore, and ultimate rewrite their own sexual identities.
But what about the bedrock of Manhattan, an island often described in terms of canyons and analyzed as a geologic city? What happens when New York becomes a site of extraordinary excavation and it begins to expand not through fabulous skyscrapers but through sinuous and labyrinthine mines? What happens when mineral rights become as salable as air rights, when the geologic underpinnings of the city can change hands in a heartbeat, always on the verge of being extracted?
how they’d beat the shit out of them
Circle of Bones by Christine Kling
I flipped through World Without Fish quickly and liked a few things in it towards its end. There are actual suggestions of what individuals can do to stop the demise of the fish populations around the world and guidelines for local activism that include having a sense of humor. Not bad, really.
Here's the seventh of our ten posts to mark the release of the Royal Mail's Comic Collection, celebrating 75 years of British comics. The Royal Mail have kindly sent us large versions of each stamp, so we thought we'd show them off in all their glory, in the order of first comic publication.
How about a nice penguin show? Sure, why not! Penguins are the most lovable birds ever. Go on, name a more lovable bird. Parrots? Don't make me laugh! Canaries? All that tweeting drives a person crazy. Chickens? Delicious, not adorable. I rest my case, your honor. As you can see, there was a tropical (?) pool with everything a penguin could possibly need to make a fabulous show - that is, if they needed a slide.
“I feel like if anything, the prosecution, they will be on my side,” he said.
Another dish for Cindy’s party – baked garlic butter mussels! I probably never mentioned this except in the Spain entries, but I love seafood! One day I decided to experiment with baked mussels. It was simple, really. All it took was finely minced garlic, finely diced onions, melted butter, and shredded cheese. Mix the first three together, pour a spoonful over each half-shelled mussel, and top the baking tray with copious amounts – or whatever amount you can handle – of cheese (the version featured above is only slightly cheesed). Bake at an arbitrarily high temperature for about 10 minutes and voilà, les moules à l’ail et le beurre, or baked mussels with butter garlic sauce. I’m sure it’s not so healthy, but who could resist the sizzling sound of butter, the irresistible smell of garlic, and the heavenly taste of seafood?
stuff with it and no matter how hard the puter guy
Taking questions from members of the public, Mr Miliband was told that some staff at local hospitals were abusing the system by claiming they were ill on Mondays and Fridays or after returning from holiday.
Mix everything together and put into a large greased baking tin. Sprinkle with a quarter of a cup of brown sugar and a quarter of a cup of melted butter. Bake for 45 minutes at 170-180C. When cold cut into finger pieces. Cake freezes well and is also delicious warm with cream or ice-cream.
I wonder if I will feel more comfortable now that I am 250+ and not 300+. I almost feel detached, as though I will be observing myself through a two-way mirror…
experience of shared meanings, a common vocabulary and shared expectations.
He’s still there, standing over the kid and shouting at Joey. People like him, they need a lesson.
For example, the Spanish daily El Pais writes (my translation):
The only complaint I have is small, and that is the quality of the poems’ printing – they’re a bit blurry. However interesting issues arise here concerning reproduction, distribution, and the existence of the image; and thus the poem/book: where/what is the original? And if this lurks somewhere on a computer, as an intangible sequence of ones and zeroes – what, then, are the implications?
1 bloke
In my life, I’ve NEVER been swept off of my feet. Never. I wonder how it feels…
This is a group of people whose wisdom he trusted and they began to ask him questions.
I have tried to photograph these flowers numerous times and have not been able to get a clear focus on the entire bouquet. I must need a photography lesson 101. :)
And you'll stand out, in buttons and bows.
and mortal life shall cease,
KEEP THE VISION!!!!
Mahathir the maverick has opted to ring the alarm bells; clanging that future Bersih masses are likely to be “even bigger and more violent”.
This app is mystery to me since Google Earth is already a free app and the ISBE is freely available on Google books. What is more, Google Earth links locations to Wikipedia and Flickr, providing (in some cases) better information than ISBE. There is some value to having this information in a single place, so this app may satisfy a need.
at sight mechanically, blow various wind instruments mechanically, even
I could say that I prefer the cool evenings to the hot, sticky nights or freezing days of Winter.
Thus, I’m going to start writing more here, but it may not always be a deeply enlightening subject. It won’t always be something to “get you to think”, though I’ll try to include some question at the end of each entry. Sometimes, it might be about how frustrating it is when all your light bulbs blow at once. Or it might be questions on how to find a good vet. Everyday things like that. I may even give music or movie reviews! (I do so LOVE reviewing things!!)
I got a cab and went straight to the valley. I met some randoms on the way in, they became my bestfriends that night-I ended up ditching them after a few more glasses of vodka.
We have soap to cleanse our skin.
‘Whoever cries out against Jewish capitalists is already a class warrior, even when he does not know it… Kick down the Jewish capitalists, hang them from the lampposts, and stamp upon them.’
but on Friday night, I’m, purified that my feet don’t touch the floor
Baking on a Sunday morning is one of my favorite things to do, especially when it’s been a while since I’ve had time to make anything at all! In the last 4 weeks, I’ve only made 10 meals, which I find sad, because I love cooking and feel kind of gross if I’m at restaurants all the time. But I had a lot of catching up to do with my friends and my social life, and now that I feel like I have a little break, I’m pledging to cook much more. After my restaurant spree, it’ll be nice to have people over for dinner.
The review copy was kindly sent by the author, Susan Katz, and her publishers, Barefoot Books. If you make a purchase using the Amazon links on this site, a small portion goes to Great Kid Books (at no cost to you!). Thank you for your support.
set off against sunflowers
“Thanks,” I say, but out of the corner of my eye I see him, looking right at me.
What a clown
Meanwhile, foreign tourists in Puri are in a state of panic after the abduction. “This is indeed a very disturbing news for us. The government must come to the rescue of the tourists and enhance security in tribal areas where foreigners like us love to visit,” said an American tourist, Johnty Paul.
1) It shows that some venues do enforce the no smoking rule in closed air conditioned venues
It makes me sad to hear that a lot of you are searching for Night School and are unable to find it at your local retailer. I thought I'd do a post to explain why this might be the case.
I must apologise for my lack of commenting this week. Time seems to have got away with me and I've just not been blog hopping as much as I normally would.
But there’s one other key part of Mark having to do with Jesus’ family, in Mark 3:
Materials needed for both pillows:
at the door:
a quivering hush
Today, America fights a war 10,000 miles away while its own borders suffer an invasion so vast, so powerful, so insidiously destructive, yet so subtle--even our own citizens can’t see it. Not yet, that is. Chittum writes, "America was born in blood." He should know because he is a combat hardened Viet Nam veteran.
THIS ALIEN PLANET CALLED SCHOOL. A mom and college teacher writes about what school must be like for her son, who has Asperger's. In "Learning with Asperger's: A Parent's Perspective," published in Education Week, she describes the challenges faced by Aspies and some of the consequences -- and offers a plea for change. Find the article.
3.) “Up Every Night”
Elijah said this sort of experience occurs regularly at his deliverance meetings.
Adam and I toured around, and decided, much like every other city we had ever been to, we would try and find a spot to have a glass of wine. The square in this town was a lot smaller than other main squares I have seen, but I certainly did not mind at all – it had so much character.
Average syllables per word : 1.7
region map is complete.
A young man who worked there stopped by while I was loading the basket and congratulated me on what a great deal I'd found; he didn't understand why they hadn't held it and put it in the Saturday auction -- it had come in, he said, just a little bit before we had arrived.
If you want to write to your Member of Parliament or your Senator or the President or the Prime Minister, by all means, go ahead. If you want to post about Joseph Kony’s crimes on Facebook, go ahead. But let’s keep it about Joseph Kony, not KONY 2012.
And now your successor
She began by fan-folding two sections of a book, a process she describes in her blog post. She also utilized actual clockworks and a real watch. Steampunk style cogs and gears are stamped at the base of the vertical backdrop. I absolutely LOVE the way she continues her use of book text from the base up into the main piece.
“SAUNDERS?” I said aloud to myself. “Saunders?!?!” My computer had been on the fritz, and it was freezing, so I thought maybe I saw it wrong. Then the ding-a-ling score alert went off on my phone, and I knew it was true. I was on cloud nine.
Xu Guan pushed off of the tree and broke into a lope dodging back and forth, ducking and throwing up his arms to avoid branches and roots in the heavy woods behind the hospital. He had no idea where he was or where he was going. Xu Guan only knew that he needed to put distance and concealment between himself and his attackers.
The card base is cut from grey cardstock and measures 5 1/2" x 4 1/4". The second mat is cut from a grey blue at 5 1/4" x 4". I rounded the corners and also rounded the corners on the white mat cut at 5" x 3 3/4". I embossed the sentiment using the Recollections Periwinkle embossing powder. This sentiment is from Inkadinkadoo's Christmas Characters stamp set. I used my cuttlebug and my Divine Swirls cuttlebug folder because I wanted a swirling snow effect.
‘On Frozen Ground’ premieres sometime in the fall and the rest has yet to be written. I’m excited to find out as well. I’ll keep you posted…
and the way our fingers entwine
It takes time to get over the loss of a loved one. In our instant pudding society we always want a quick fix. People want us to get over it quickly too!
Paper: scraps from my stash - Papertrey Ink and DCWV
I think I got this for free but I can't really remember.
Stand – When did the Warblers become a boy band?
1 Tbsp. cornstarch
Anti-vaccinationists: aluminum is the new mercury – Okay, most of us keeping tabs on the anti-vaccinationists have known that it was only a matter of time before they moved on from the thimerosal claims to something else. After all, thimerosal was the new (something else) only a few years ago until the evidence against whatever “toxin” within vaccines they blamed for all the evil in the world grew so strong they couldn’t deny it anymore and had to abandon it, shifting the blame over to thimerosal. So it was inevitable that they’d eventually abandon the thimerosal dead-end and shift their scapegoat to yet another “something else” within vaccines. And for months now it was looking like that new “something else” was going to be the aluminum in vaccines. And those suspicions are turning out to be correct as the antivaccinationists have started their campaign to slowly shift the argument away from thimerosal onto aluminum in such a subtle manner as to hope to avoid being called out on having so passionately insisted that thimerosal was to blame. Here’s the new party line:
Ipswich had a real band scene in those days and I always find it amazing that Gailes and Goodna alone produced The Upsets, The Differentials, Dumb Show, Limited Life, Resistance, The Fits/La Fetts and The Kremlin.
MOH took the boy to bed. The boy is asleep in my spot. I am thankful that MOH put him to sleep, but I hate the idea of moving him.
There is an unrest in the hearts of people. . The city is unsafe.
Once their first leaf shivers they sing less
This is not a concern for host countries where cheques or bank transfers are easily arranged. Where it presents a difficulty, the type of currency, exchange control, governmental taxes and other factors have to be considered. The agreement must provide for how payments are to be handled.
1 berlin
Anyway--so I was a little leery of ordering Book #3, but I had to have it to round out my collection, right? I seldom buy brand-new books sight unseen--I either buy cheapo used books from amazon.com or I order a book I've seen in Barnes and Noble and know I have to have. But to order a book cold? Yikes. It was like $27 plus shipping or something, and I almost didn't do it.
O - Overnight hospital stay at hospital:only when I had my babies
THE LAST OF US
Yes there are the moments where both twins are screaming and hungry and Jensen is shrieking to be heard over them that I think "OMG what I wouldn't give for some quiet!" but I know all parents have those moments, even without twins!
And now I’m off for the ten minute jaunt I’m allowed out of doors each day- have a great day!
Rooms to let...fifty cents.
I'm sure by now you have noticed my little break from blogging.
But Christians don’t.
This is what I had in mind:
Wake up this morning, open up my Bible (app) and continue my progress through the book of Psalm.
Tomas Transtroemer
There has been a nine-year gap between movies (if you don’t count the straight-to-video ones) since American Wedding in 2003. Now in 2012, the gang are heading back to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. The boys (Jim, Oz, Kevin, Finch and Stifler) may have grown up in terms of jobs and lifestyle but they are certainly the same immature guys they were in high school.
Tuesday, May 29
The warehouses & shops were great to welcome us into their world and let us play for a few hours!!! Thanks so much!
I ordered a Keurig Platinum Series brewer for my husband and absolutely love it. Being mostly a tea drinker I had more coffee in the past week than I ever had.
In a report from Wunderground, some snow totals from today as of 7pm were: 10″ in Newfield, NY; 13.6″ in Laurel Summit, PA; 11″ in Sylvania, PA; 5″ in Aurora, WV; and 5″ in Keysers Ridge, MD.
“We keep begging white people for freedom. No wonder we’re not free. Your enemy can not make you free fool. You want freedom you’re going to have to kill some crackers. You’re going to have to kill some of their babies.
09 Theme from Pathetique Symphony (Tchaikowsky) 05:52
Label: Dynamo
I actually put together an up-tempo
….okay, just a few more pictures. But these are the last ones, I promise!
In particular, the midfielders do not contribute enough goals. Arguably, if Arshavin had scored ten goals he might not be winning league titles with Zenit. A look at the scoring records indicates the point; van Persie stands proudly at the top with 35. The next top scorer is Walcott on 11, 46 between the two. The remaining twelve goalscorers manage 40 goals between them. It is not a healthy balance behind the Dutchman.
"The landless classes left their homes to seek work on the railways, in the shipyards and the factories and in the sawmills of northern Sweden. Sweden developed into an urban society. Crop failures at the end of the 1860s caused more than 100 000 Swedes to emigrate to America. This wave of emigration reached a peak in the 1880s when 325 000 Swedes left for America and a further 52 000 emigrated to other countries."
WAR HORSE, music by John Williams
And the 'One Lovely Blog' award, I have to award to 15 people! I don't know whether I know that many bloggers! I'm afraid I'm going to have to be a maverick and award it to less!
ALL THIS WILL PASS.
But Lancelot mused a little space
You belong here if … you use your ID card as a measuring stick to see if your outfit is “Olivet appropriate” every morning.
So, if you’re looking for a family friendly movie to watch this weekend. Look no further than Disney’s Chimpanzee. Take it from the guy who doesn’t like documentaries, you will thoroughly enjoy the experience.
and fearlessly chop down the rotten trees
Originally, I found them growing wild in my front garden's lawn when I purchased my previous home in the US. I carefully removed them, over the years, and transplanted them along the edges of trees and basement windows.You will not believe how big they grow when placed in the proper conditions!
They say college is the best four (or five) years of your life, but is it really? You be the judge of that!
The choreographer is the man that choreographed War Horse....Toby Sedgewick. We were asked who had seen it. Everyone's hands went up. Then we were asked who'd seen it on the stage, and only a few of us left our hands in the air.
Why do bag-using vaccuum cleaners have such a distinctive smell? The cleaner has just come and sucked up rubbish from my desk area and the whiff of the cleaner takes me straight back to my Mum's old Hoover. Which was actually a hoover and not just a case of us using the generic name for floor sucking devices. That was a venerable old upright with a green cloth bag that the paper dust bags went into and had the same distinctive odour when in use that has just filled the office. We had one in a shared-house at college that also emanated the same noxious essences. Not something I particularly miss from our Dyson.
He waves “bye” but waves to himself instead of to the person leaving. Laughs and smiles at anyone who will engage him. Strangers at the grocery store beware! He’ll put something in my hand if I open my hand and say, “Give it to mama please.” His favorite foods are bananas, yogurt, moon pops (kind of like a rice-cracker), and grapes, but he loves to “share” my oatmeal and dad’s cereal in the morning. We usually eat our weekday breakfast while curled up on the couch and James crawls right up in our faces and opens his mouth, waiting for his bites.
4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves (I used about 2 lbs)
but your double –
This is why Jesus declared that God desired chesed not sacrifice, why Jesus taught us to respond to violence with non-violent resistance, why Jesus exhorted us to love our enemies, why Jesus extolled us to acts of compassion, why Jesus wept over Jerusalem (the city whose name means shalom—peace and wholeness) because it did not know that the way to true shalom was not through ritual sacrifice, and why Jesus extended chesed with his very last breath to all of us who are enslaved by humanity’s reconciliation system (manifested in the cross) because we don’t know what we are doing—we don’t know that the act we believe to be our salvation is actually the sinful act from which God is seeking to save us.
Now I’m alone here. I wait until I’m ready to disembark, and then I begin walking home. I move hurriedly, because I’m eager to write everything down in my journal. But, I also restrain myself from too much excitement. It’s embarrassing to be so worked up over such a little thing. It’s just that ever since the war ended, and all the bombs dropped, I haven’t seen another living soul. By my reckoning, I’ve lived over a decade now without stumbling across a single human being. As I walk, I wrack my brains for the particulars of the clothing and demeanor which I noticed when I saw the old couple. For years now, my hallucinations having been getting more vivid as I get lonelier. These days, their intensity allows me to cherish every little detail of the things I create.
I thought it appropriate to talk about this month how the Eucharist can be seen as both a signpost of the presence of God in the world and as a doorway to gifting the world with our faith. The Eucharist is not just about what we can get from and through it, but what we can do, offer, and extend because of the power we receive when we partake of the bread and wine of Jesus. In the Eucharist, we remember who Jesus is, what Jesus did in his life, death and resurrection; what Jesus continues to do and we renew our commitment to follow Jesus, to be followers of the way. The Christian life is lived in community. When we gather we most apprehend the presence of Christ among us and are most able to step forward in faith and help our needy brothers and sisters.
The rocks haven't fallen. We would have heard it. But I've talked to Stone enough about the risks to know that Coop could be in danger even if the rocks haven't fallen. He could be stuck in a tight area, one he wedged himself into and now can't get himself out of.
Radiohead Karma police UK
I’m just saying, it seems like there’s a lot of power within the field of psychology that people don’t really realize. If you attach psychology to political purpose (as in the case of the first two examples) or religion (as in the case of the third example), the science is no longer pure but clouded by men’s often twisted motives.
By the time it came to change the roll of film (yeah, we are going back some years), the woman was shocked, appalled and horrified to realise she never put film in the camera in the first place. All those precious family memories lost. That woman is my mother.
Here is a video showing you how to do it and what they are like after they are dry.
We knew we were going to be in Santo Domingo the whole time, but if you want to go to another part of the country the same company has busses that go all over the place, you just need to check the routes and destinations on the website.
... bow-chicka-bow-bow hehe ...
9) Women of valor at Truett Seminary I can’t help but smile to myself when I think about the fact that over the next ten years, those who think that women should be banned from church leadership will have to contend with the talents and enthusiasm of these women of valor!
No we are not making candy today (although have you SEEN some of the almond joy recipes floating around the internet these days....mmmmm....).
For this edition of Woo Hoo Wednesday, I'm sharing with you a fun Pinterest inspired Blogger exchange I participated in over the last few weeks. It was a lot of fun and was something different to do during my free time.
from Martha Stewart
Toys
should be investing a large
we needs less government telling people not
Surfing
But one that I picked to try first was this recipe for chocolate pudding. "For utmost deliciousness," it said, "serve with whipped cream.
Oh BTW, Discovery Cove only allows a maximum of 1000 people a day, so there are hardly any queues, and no pushing and shoving, making it more relaxed.
We’ve come a long way! Think, only 100 years ago, we didn’t even have remote-control operated anal beads!
Here's the thing right off that I (and you) should probably understand about a movie like The Big Bus: for coming out of 1976, this film is really treading in unfamiliar waters. We have a project that is poking fun at movies that were usually very successful and very popular. Not the easiest thing to do in a time where Hollywood hated to cut its own throat by releasing something that took shots at its own hits.
I should be upset about the degradation of a friendship that I once held very dear.
My 88-year-old mother started feeling sluggish last spring and repeated doctor appointments didn't find any reason for her declining health. Her doctor and I kept reminding her that she was getting older. At one point I commented to her that I was finally able to keep up with her! Finally in August the problem was discovered - Mom had stage 4 stomach cancer. During the last 2 months of her life I was fortunate to be at her house for extended periods and had plenty of time to read but I would start one after the other books only to reach page 100 or so and loose interest. One book, that I can't even recall its title, I only had 50 pages to finish and found I just didn't care enough to finish. Meanwhile reading gave Mom something to occupy her mind and she read almost nonstop during her waking hours. I am so grateful that there are so many good books and that they are so readily available to us. Mom passed from this life on Oct. 15. Let me tell you - she is sorely missed.
We can journal or draw something each day and wow..I think I lead a boring life sometimes! lol However, I am reading and watching ALOT of journaling stuff so it is fun! Doodling just like high school on your books...Heaven!
I don't remember growing older,
These are just to name a few. Try them out, create a profile, view the requirements and procedures. I hope you found this helpful. Stay tuned for my next post covering analyzing the different “types” of agencies and which ones may be best for you, and what to look out for!
braille feelings
The word circadian comes from the Latin, circa, meaning about, and dies, meaning day. These cycles are not exactly 24 hours long, hence the “circa.” Each chemical has its own cycle of highs and lows, interacting with and influencing the other cycles.
Charlie greeted every princess with the same look... which made me giggle. The Ladies make my brave little man a shy quiet guy.
And you know what?
Of course, it's the foraging part that excites me the most (no, the austerity measures in the UK have not reduced me to scavenge for my food yet!) I'm talking about the abundance of wild plants, berries, fruits and mushrooms that will start occurring from now right through until the end of September...
Deep down you know that one day you will need the folks on the other side of the wall of tranny. Make sure that when that day comes you haven't burnt your bridge over a word when a simple compromise would have sufficed.
Bucs and Rams are big winners of the first teams with improving their teams greatly.
and the exquisite truth to this touching life and being deeply alive quote
I put it all back in the box, and sealed the box with solder and set it in concrete at the foot of a sixfoot hole. With this manuscript. (p. 29)
I was caught.
She's marrying into an Italian family too,
There was once a family in Greek Mythology that was considered the most tragic of all time. From it's beginnings with the disturbing Tantalus to the murder of Agamemnon and later Clytemnestra, this family is ten different flavors of messed up. However, what is this curse of Atreus that I spoke of? Well it's the story of the two sons of Pelops and how their antics furthered the curse that began with Tantalus. As a side note, there was a little tidbit that I forgot to mention in my last entry, remember Myrtilus? Well I forgot to tell you guys that before he died at the hands of Pelops, he cursed him and his line, so that probably added on to the chance of misfortune in this family caused by that wacky Tantalus.
Dario Argento's follow-up to SUSPIRIA moves from Witches in Frieburg to alchemy in New York, with Leigh McCloskey on the trail of 'The Three Mothers'. By turns, poetic and bloody in the extreme, INFERNO is so much more than a triumph of style over substance. A horror masterpiece, no less.
At this point in my movie, the young family in the seat in front of me got up , the mom wanted to use the restroom and she was concerned that all the shooting was getting her young son riled up. I was thinking- lady, why did you bring small kids to a Star Trek movie? The son wanted to go play video games (this was much better than a video game, kid) Her husband stayed put- probably still mesmerized by the scantily clad Martha (who by now at least had a loose fitting jacket on that she found in the shuttle- you can still see cleavage though). The family gets re-settled with some sandwiches, and we see that Martha has managed to evade all the computer drones. She hid the suttlecraft behind some storage and is proceeding to escape on foot down a hallway.
steep drift, against the pane, I
A doctor a day
Allenwood – Federal prison camp located south of Williamsport on the Susquehanna River. It has a current inmate population of 300, and is identified by William Pabst as having a capacity in excess of 15,000 on 400 acres.
Be A Good Sport
Well, if that's the case, I'm sure there are at least a dozen of those big glowing tree ornaments, or maybe those little fiber optic pseudo-trees or strings of lights wrapped around the door pillars, but that's as far as I'm prepared to go with this numerical succession thing because, at the end of the day, this is the house that haunts me most from all of the photos I've taken.
Lucas Security Systems
The greatest way to avoid temptation is through prayer. When the disciples asked Jesus to teach them how to pray, Jesus included, “And do not lead us into temptation” (Luke 11:4). A more accurate translation would be, “do not ‘leave’ us in temptation.” The Lord would never lead us into a situation where we would be prone to sin but will in fact always provide a way of escape for every temptation that comes our way (1 Corinthians 10:13). We must develop the practice of praying for a heart to easily recognize those ways of escape when temptation comes.
Jack had a pretty pithy statement as well (He did warn us he was going to get more curmudgeonly this year):
Some of you still have Brainbench exams you need to pass. Please retake those exams this week. If you are not sure if this applies to you, please ask.
single monthly repayments to your new lender.
A few plans for the rest of the week... Visit family and another trip planned for tomorrow. My daughter,my grandbaby and my hunny will go out for the day. Destination-undecided right now and pending the weather. Hoping it will be nice again tomorrow.
I just love this card. Another simple one. I lifted this from Penny Black. I've made so many Christmas cards I needed a little help. I looks so elegant. When I made them up I did six for a set.
Books wait for their pages to be rifled, to be taken home.
Ooohh, I wish I was studying insects this term! For the past 2 years we have, but with the national curriculum we aren't learning about these fascinating creatures until (maybe) Term 3 (at least I'll be ahead for then....)
Murphy’s bizarre claims to USA Today prompted me to perform a Lexis/Nexis search of her myriad case-related appearances. The results were deeply disturbing. In addition to the outrageous quotes highlighted above, on at least 18 occasions over the past nine months, Murphy has made demonstrably untrue statements. She also has engaged in a pattern of wholly unfounded speculation and has routinely denigrated due process.
life happens to bring his way.
Geographic Difference Eurasian subspecies (rustica), recreational in Ak, has clean bright underparts with larger black chest group. Eastern Oriental subspecies (gutturalis) just like rustica but smaller, usually with imperfect pink chest group.
I was in love with this project when it was just a small idea swirling around in my mind. Gather a group of amazing fabric artists and share our work round robin style. I chose the theme of The Travelers for my book and created the beginning of the book in a crazy quilt style. I love the colors and rich textures of the velvets, embroidery, beads and tassels. I see these as rememberances of travels both physically and through time.
Another potential Roosevelt Island open space for active and passive recreational use being explored is the area between the Octagon Soccer Field and boat prow dock pictured below.
But I remember Mur well. We visited every summer of my childhood, spending a couple of weeks reconnecting with the dozens upon dozens of aunts, uncles, and cousins who still lived in Mt. Vernon and Dix, Illinois. She had a wonderful sense of humor, dry and witty. She made big home-cooked meals. She had the soft southern accent that comes from growing up in Southern Illinois. She said "warsh" and smelled like the most wonderful powder. We pulled taffy and sat on the front porch, watching the fireflies on a hot July night in the midwest. We spit watermelon seeds and salted fat tomatoes that cousin Clint brought over in his garden basket. We took car rides and bought ice cream cones for Jeannie, her little dog. People called her "Helen," and I was glad my middle name was hers.
Girl: – Pratyush, How are you doing?
The necklaces and pendants for HSN are similarly delicate, light chains and briolettes, Chinese symbols, etc. And the price tages of $30 to $100 are in our league, not prompting the sticker shock we went through at Barneys.
Put a little oil or butter in a large pan on the stove and warm over medium heat while you mix the pancake mix. Mix all ingredients together in a medium size bowl, reduce heat to about 3 and using a 1/4 cup measuring cup pour the pancake mix into the pan, cook about 2-3 minutes on each side. Then enjoy.
Herein lies a potential opportunity for retailers: give consumers a way to order online, but still create that wow, emotional gifting moment. Instead of offering the same basic gift options used the rest of the year, cater the wrapping (paper/ribbon) to be more holiday-specific. Even if just for holidays like Mother’s Day and Valentine’s Day, make it more special for the woman receiving the item. I understand there are numerous executional/operational challenges that would accompany such an offering, but this could be a novel way to differentiate. A very simple approach could be to simply give consumers the choice of ribbon color, even if continuing to use a simple box. If I knew my gifts would arrive with a bit of pop/uniqueness, it would have pushed me over the edge.
The best thing about this story is, in an interesting way, Theda managed to make a coming of age story mix well with that supernatural suspense. She also doesn’t stray from the use of drugs and alcohol, which many teens get wrapped in with. The love the two boys have for each other is very real and very intense, being best friends first and then realizing that there is something more. It’s very sweet, but also very sad. Jared just wants to protect Jordan from Levi, even willing to put up his own life for him. I do enjoy the obsession Levi has for Jared. And how Jared doesn’t like it, but does all at the same time. Even with his love for Jordan there. Levi is a favorite of mine because, although he is the “bad guy”, he is also a tragic story all in himself. Not having the choice to be changed and having to deal with everything on his own. Showing that there are reasons for even the villains to be just that. Theda also makes the sex scenes very steamy and very visual, giving the book even more intensity.
Taste: Hop/Malt Balance (0-4): Malt sweetness quickly replaced with a blend of pine and citrus hops across the back of the tongue. 3 points
"...all photographs are about death, really, and time: about preserving a moment in silver and chemicals, when life itself is never preserved, when every cell of everything is already decaying, and being replaced, and decaying again. The subject and the image co-exist for the moment that the shutter opens and closes. And then the subject decays but the image lives on unchanged."
Connectivity Cable (CA-101)
By maximizing her ballerina style and wonderful features, Audrey Hepburn created a stylish trademark look…capri pants, turtlenecks, button down trench coats and of course the perfect handbag. It’s funny to think today how we still refer to something as being very Audrey Hepburn.
The combination of the philosophy and cosmology of Tibetan Buddhism is something unique to Ladakh; not to mention the fact that Ladakhi Buddhism borrows closely from Tibetan Buddhism.
So, I am hiding from the fear of looking naive or unintelligent or sentimental or self-indulgent. My ambivalence stems, I think, from a fear of the work being mistaken for something unintended, something “not contemporary”. Enrique said to me in my crit “there is no way to not be contemporary. In the art world many strategies are punished for not being current or sprinkled with the exciting drumbeat of the moment. Love is suffocated in the desire to make ‘art’”.
If I’m going for the pain au chocolat instead of a plain croissant, I want chocolate, and lots of it. The demonstration of French restraint is commendable, but this pastry needs another dollop of chocolate goodness to really put it over the top where it belongs.
It's nearly two in the afternoon here in Dallas.
Q: Will you keep us updated?
to the U.S.
I've had a lot of positive responses. All kinds of people have gotten in touch and told me they've heard my songs on the radio, and that's great. I don't have a huge label backing me up so the album hasn't really been marketed to full extent. I therefore haven't been preparing for something huge to happen. Of course, you hope people will write good reviews, but I wasn't necessarily expecting that so I was prepared to be disappointed. Then the review started pouring in and it's gotten 4 stars in most of them. All the criticism in both radio and newspapers has been very positive. I'm also grateful for the good responses I've had in Iceland, because, although it's a small market, it happens to be my 'home market' so to speak. It was therefore a great honor for me to receive the Best Album of the Year award there.
As a Star Trek storyteller and something of a custodian of the Star Trek mythos, I feel it’s my obligation to examine any story—regardless of medium—in order to ascertain its worthiness to be included in the vast pantheon of tales comprising “the Star Trek saga.” On occasion, this sense of honor and duty has compelled me to review certain prose offerings and, yes, films which fall outside what most people would consider “the mainstream.” The nature of this research often requires me to watch such films twice or even three times. Maybe not the entire film, you understand; just certain key scenes, like the one with Khan and Marla McGivers, when she…………………….
“Next door to Love” written by Margaret Johnson. Published from CAMBRIDGE. My wpm was 182.
In the meantime Olivier built up the sides again and on Sunday went with a friend to put the stone lintel on top!
white or well-loved as yours.)
Dolores is my pretty, little Light Sussex hen. She’s very sweet and generally good natured. Yesterday I went out to do the daily Poo Patrol and found Dolores sitting in the nesting box; nothing unusual in that, so I left her to it. Later in the day I went back out to resume Patrol only to find Dolores still sitting. I put my hand in to give her a stroke and PECK! Hmmm… I tried again: PECK!
welcome to a mixed bag today..lol..
A bit overdued but we'd still like to express... that we had a blast, back in April, when we were invited to collaborate with a design team for the Lavish and Lovely photoshoot for Today's Bride magazine. We didn't get to see the photos until the issue's release in July. But it was worth the wait!
Way back in 2009, before I had this blog, I was living in China and NaNoWriMo came around. I had a lot of free time that year and decided to see if I could win the whole thing in five days. I won NaNo 2009 on November 5th that year. I finished the novel on the 6th. Later that year, in March which is National Novel Editing Month (NaNoEdMo), my friend and I decided to do HuPoEdMo (Hubei Province Editing Month – where we lived in China). My intention was to edit this six-day novel into something readable.
DEFENSE
We asked Portland’s Salvation Army Women’s Shelter what their women are in need of most. The answer was socks and twin-sized sheets. With the proceeds from our date auction we plan to purchase these goods and donate to them these much needed items that most of us take for granted every day. So… have a heart! Bid big!
Thanks for all of your well wishes to my kiddos today on their test!
Now the needle goes back into the fabric on the middle guideline. It is going to go into the fabric between the two threads making up the slanted stitch. It will go in on the middle guide line slanting to the right. The needle will emerge on the right guide line:
You don’t know what’s going to come up and that’s cool.
The geezer in black laughs. "It's all about knowing what we've come through mate? Learning from our experiences and ever-changing state of mind! We should never forget some of the stories that form or shape us. We change, everyone can and everyone does! Everyone has got a story and you're always with me and inside me".
Do tell….
Writing for the Clinician’s Brief blog did two things (at least): 1) I realized I could actually get paid money (not a ton of course, but still!) for writing, a previously foreign concept for me; and 2) putting my experiences and thoughts into writing taught me that I highly value the perspective one can gain by reflection–something I hadn’t really appreciated before. And a third thing: it exposed my identity, thus I open myself to adoration and admonishment alike! An uncomfortable feeling, but I’m along for the ride to see where it takes me!
Recipes obtained from Clean Eating magazine and modified by me.
- 3 large Yukon Gold potatoes cut into 1 inch pieces
And I have been wearing it at night, as directed. And wondering what the heck it does. It couldn’t possibly be drawing out my small, lower teeth. Because, you see, it is a soft, transparent resin piece molded exactly after and hence obviously meant to be worn on my upper teeth.
Brownie has been a pain from day one. First she wouldn’t pass the emissions test. Poor-Mom spent the required 160.00 attempting to repair it and earned a waiver. Brownie then sat in the driveway for a month until Poor-Mom could scrape up the dough for the plates and registration. Then Poor-Mom got pulled over for Brownies un-lit tail light and got a lovely ticket for having no insurance. Then there was court and a fine, and the buying of insurance, and yadda yadda. Brownie was curbed for 4 months while additional cash-scrapeage took place.
I tackled staining the deck today. What's funny is I was told not to stain it using a paintbrush by a couple of people because it would be too hard to do it that way and would take forever. Well, once I got started, it seemed to go along pretty fast and I was actually done before I knew it. One of the rare times it took me less time to do than I thought. I decided to use a paintbrush because I just didn't want any weird streaks or blotches from a roller or sprayer, so I was stubborn and used the paintbrush anyway and am glad I did. It turned out wonderful.
When the 2 letters were exposed, the minister and the deputy minister had made no effort to apologize for the wrongful acts. The physically challenged farmer was instead blamed for campaigning for the opposition and seemingly, for not understanding that the government is actually the boss who can legislate and demanded that the people should walk backwards for as long as they are in power.
Now, amendments to Brazil’s long-standing forest law, known as the Forest Code, place that legacy in jeopardy. The legislative changes would dramatically increase deforestation, the country’s leading source of climate-warming carbon emissions. Brazil’s President Dilma Rousseff can, and should, veto portions of this legislation.
“Jennifer Steinkamp's video installations are unapologetically beautiful and fill the walls of Acme gallery with streams of digital flowers and undulating clouds of color. A former commercial animator, Steinkamp makes professional and seamlessly executed work, not seeking to disrupt the highly discussed "passivity" of video but instead use it to purely aesthetic ends. The waterfalls of images are therapeutic and pleasing. The viewer is so immersed in the constant flow and subtle movements of the flowers that they might think they are a poet watching grass blow in the wind, closely paying attention to the tiniest of details.
I am starting to collect startling things I hear about the way people think when it comes to learning and education. Here are two examples of that..weirdness, for lack of a polite word.
SUN. 9/28 - THE TUMBLING TUMBLEWEEDS Featuring JEAN SUDBURY & DAN DUNGAN @ THE AUTRY NATIONAL CENTER'S WELLS FARGO THEATER IN LOS ANGELES, 2pm. 4700 Western Heritage Way - next to the L.A. Zoo. With host - Poet J.D. Seibert, Nancy Lee, George Dickey, Buck Corbett & Roger Maxwell. Fundraiser to benefit the Western Music Association, California Chapter. Tickets: $20/$15 WMA & Autry Members, Children under 12 - $10. http://www.westernmusic.com/ http://www.thetumblingtumbleweeds.com/
It's so silly. Bestselling writers? They're not superheroes in the Justice League. They're individuals, like the rest of us. They all have their sorrows and troubles and periods of insecurity and depression. Being one of them wouldn't fix that about me. And yearning to be something I wasn't and can't ever be - a bestselling American urban fantasy author who goes to conventions and flies all over the world having adventures - was making me hurt myself and, more significantly, my writing. And my writing is the Number One Thing in my life that I should always protect and nuture and make time for, because so long that as I do that, I will be happy.
The American diet is so far removed from the natural state of food that most of us have no idea where what we eat comes from. Even our lettuce comes processed! When I was a child, I had to tear apart a head of lettuce If I wanted to have a salad.
cabbage
It’s why they got rid of all the public pay phones. Too much anonymity…
SABC spokesman Kaizer Kganyago said the SABC was not involved in the court case, so it would not be considering an appeal against the ruling.
Searching for the lips that sang the song
One pack of frozen mediterranean vegetables
at least i figured this out with plenty of time to fix it! sheesh!
I know, mad as it is with things going well I wanted to cuddle into my happy place and stay there . However as a 'blog friend' ( In New Zealand at present also blogs from the Hebrides - you know who you are !) worried about my absence , here i am
There is still more I need to share with you. But this is all for now.
So, that's where we are this week. Maeve is not even 12 months old yet and already we've got food allergies and a kidney issue.
a slide show of photographs from my florida trip.
“Give me your number.” The space between us throbbed.
High brow lot, my family.
Having recently become a resident of the Hythe I must admit it is a far more appealing place to find yourself in; a variety of new build homes, a river and even a riverside bar take the place of Greenstead’s sprawling concrete jungle council estate. With the Hythe not only do you get niceties, you get convenience thrown in with the mix too. Not only are you still in short strolling distance of campus and Tesco, Hythe is in much greater proximity to town, leaving a journey that is within walking distance. This allows you to avoid the unpredictable and consistently awful traffic, that after two years of living in Colchester I myself have grown to loathe.
I’ve been addicted to you.
Since I also recently blogged about receiving The Versatile Blog Award, I won't repost all my information (the rules for that award are really similar). You can check that out at http://begborrowandteach.blogspot.com/2012/01/nominations-but-not-for-president.html if you would like.
and tomorrow. Yesterday appeared
Buddha: A really depressing book by this guy Chris Hedges.
In keeping with the addition of Vader's trademark "NNNNNOOOOOOO!!!" to the Emperor's death scene, all of the main characters will now have a catchphrase which they say incessantly. Luke will respond, "But I was going in to Tosche Station to pick up some power converters!" (Classic!) every time somebody asks him to do anything. Leia will now address everyone as a "Scruffy looking Nerf Herder" (ZING!), and Obi-Wan will constantly remind everyone that what he's saying is right, "From a certain point of view".
So, no, I didn’t wake up every day and think about being overweight. Even though I very clearly was.
I've used some gorjuss DCWV paper name escapes me at this time of the morning! along with some classic martha stewart butterflys in there with tiny green pearls! finally found a use for my gromlets that i've had for like yonks! hehe
1 c lentils (I used black)
This is not going to create sympathy amongst Daily Mail readers. When the Daily Mail reports on binge drinking the comments sections fill up with suggestions that the breweries should be clamped down upon. Mired in a model that is at least thirty years out of date, the DM reader uses "breweries" to mean all producers and retailers of alcohol, any alcohol. Binge drinking is increasing so "breweries" must be punished.
2 cups milk
The problem was, I knew myself and I knew I couldn’t be trusted. I loved falling in love. I loved hoping that this time was going to be my happily ever after. The hopeless romantic in me wasn’t going to go down without a fight. So my sub conscious quickly figured out a way around that. All of a sudden I grew this incredible hunger. I started craving things that I would never allow myself to eat before and I started eating them, by the truckload. Before I knew it my weight was going up and the amount of guys interested in me going down. The weight was keeping away the guys and therefore I would never have to feel the pain of heartbreak ever again.
To make up for it, once I got home from work and fed the child, I did a couple of hours of heavy bag work, including a 12-15 minutes of jumping rope. It made me feel more accomplished than the run had but it exhausted me. Totally normal.
The C’s are going to need Shaq on defence when it comes to stopping the NBA’s elite big men. We all saw how Kendrick Perkins was able to shut down Dwight Howard for much of the Magic-Celtic series. But without Perkins there is no way the Celtics can rely on guys like Jermaine O’Neal to get the job done defensively. Even though Shaq is one of the worst pick and roll defenders in the league, the Boston Celtics as a team are one of the best defensively, and should be able to make up for his lack of mobility in those situations.
I started off with wooden off the page flowers from Kaiser and went about covering them with Sweet Nothings 6 1/2 paper pad also by Kaiser. Starting with the Dainty Dutch Deco Frame, I cut the middle out and used that for the middle of each flower. On top of the flower are bling alphabets with small wings just underneath. The edges of the flowers are covered in pearls. The flowers are made up of the Miniature Rose, the Cuties 2, the Darling Daisies and the Stacker Flower #1 Leaf. Finishing off with ribbon and binding them all together used pink links.
s) How do you deal with anger, sadness, external/internal conflict, change, loss, jealousy, hurt, ect…?
So that's one to check off my list! I'm already done cleaning and organizing my kitchen cabinets and I'd like to tackle more projects, but right now I'm taking it slow. My most important project right now is to look after myself and to make sure the master bedroom and bath is clean and tidy for my recovery period after my surgery which is coming up in 10 days. I say bring it! Cut the bad stuff out and let me move on with my life (and my spring cleaning!).
My self published version had a violent red paper cover with my own illustration on it. As you opened the spiral bound book, the first, stark white page read:
What is it he does not want the American public to see? Could it be that the original long form document does actually confirm that a Barrak Obama was born in Hawaii but is there some detail which might suggest the Barrak Obama in the White House is not the same person? We do not know because the document remains in the vault.
Yes, I was a loser who rode the bus all four years of high school.
he says he definitely knew I was the one.
Copics Used:-
Another round of anime/manga news:
Chip shapes
We have much to look forward to in the coming weeks: several of my Calvin roommates are coming into town on Friday for a visit, and Aunt Jenn will be returning home from the DR for Spring Break over Easter. Before we head to Maryland to spend some time with her and the rest of the Olthoff clan, we will be entertaining a visit from Grandpa and Grandma Reynolds, who will be passing through on their way to visit family in Massachusetts. Josh continues to enjoy working with his research group and is looking forward to several class-free months that will allow him some additional time in the lab. He is preparing to take the next step of his Boards next month in Chicago and is still working about two shifts a week at Mercy Hospital.
Thanks for stopping by today for my very first post as a Doodle Pantry DT member. I'm off to have more fun with the wonderful images this month.
—You look away and your lip is curled?
But enough of this new-agey stuff, on to the Music Obsessive Awards which this year were very tricky to pitch given the huge and generally enjoyable line-ups on virtually every stage. However, a decision has been made.
Vinyl for Nativity Set- $22.00
Although it had been 17 years since the dawn of democracy, Griqua and Khoi-San communities had not fully reaped the fruits of freedom.
To become something new that can take you far?
Unfortunately, all of the excitement left no time of respite for Ian. His epilepsy was beginning to get unwound, due to his frantic schedule. Nothing but work; any time not spent gigging was spent in the studio rehearsing. It's interesting for me to know this, especially, given the legendary quality of the final two songs he managed to produce during this period. When and where exactly they were conceived, I have no idea. I wish they were early enough to be considered for recording and release on "Closer", but
Lehavdil, Jerusalem was a little like New York this way. There are times of the year that New York just “empties out.” For people like me, who come from far away, it’s a weird feeling, to feel like everyone else is leaving. New York really is my home. I stay here for Jewish holidays, for many reasons. But this can make them very hard. The truth is, Pesach, my favorite holiday, ends up being pretty lonely. It feels like you’re on your own, like no one’s around. And you wish more people saw this as home.
Coming back to Tucson is coming home. I fly into the town surrounded by mountains, filled with cacti in bloom, and am filled with a sense of serenity that comes from being in a place that engulfs nature into its very being. It is where I became a real teacher, teaching deaf students at the Arizona State School for the Deaf and Blind and where I learned to LOVE Mexican food, especially from the Mexican Bakery and Mexican Tortilla factory down the road from ASDB.
Hope you all are doing well. We'll be back with more soon.
After shaking hands, I smiled, thanked him for speaking to me, wished him safe travels, and left. In all, he was very friendly and very congenial. I then passed his limo on the way home (I lived close to the airport). Instead of honking and waving or some stupid shit like that, I smiled. I had actually met the man I had joked about meeting for the previous four years. For some strange reason, I felt a sense of accomplishment.
It wasn’t really a trail. It was actually some old road. By the numerous redwood stumps around it, it was probably a logging road. It also led to the fire lookout – so it was also a fire road. It was a rather brutal trail, sorry – road. It was just climbing up and up. It seems that I seriously underestimated it (again). There were trees around. At some point the vegetation become similar to Henry Coe’s – typical coastal mixed forest – with some addition of dispersed redwoods.
Pretty brutal stuff. Not surprising to most of us outsiders though. Anyone who has read a book on the financial crisis probably had that feeling too.
I don't need to support everyone - the woman in the elevator, the family member, the colleague - all the time. Sometimes the doctor is indeed out.
* 1 1/2 cup water
A couple of years ago pastels burst onto the catwalks in the form of sugary shades. Then a couple of seasons later they reappeared, watered down and icier in tone, relabelled as sorbet shades. This year there's been some cream and eggs added to that sugary sorbet mix and pastels have emerged with ice cream flavours. How many ways can you say pastel green in ice cream? Pale mint, spearmint or pistachio? Cream becomes vanilla, blush pink is now strawberry, rose, bubblegum or candy. Berry flavours translate into ice blue or lavender and fruity ones into palest peach, lemon sorbet and lime sherbet.
Cuba – Hurricane Gustav destroyed or damaged about 100,000 homes in Cuba. Pinar del Río province was the hardest hit with its share of 70,000, and a total of about 500 damaged schools. In the municipality of Isla de la Juventud about half of the houses were damaged. In the municipality of Los Palacios 80 percent of the 13,000 homes were damaged, some 6,000 were completely destroyed.
For the rest of the card I used:
To enter to win this giveaway, answer this question:
There are currently 17 British and Irish cyclists in the World Tour Teams (unless I’ve missed some), so who are they?
Something happened while I was on the phone. It got quiet. That’s not usually a good sign. I took a head count and discovered that Modern Munchkin was missing. He’s the silent but deadly one.
Thanks to all of you for reading. I appreciate your feedback and comments.
Spain’s economy has been booming in recent decades and is now the fifth largest in Europe, with that Spain’s economy faces some risks, which include the potential for a housing market collapse, changing demographic profile, and continued loss of competiveness. Spain’s purchasing power is at 1.361 trillion, official gdp exchange rate is at 1.439 trillion with a per capita of 33,600 with a gdp growth rate of 3.8 percent as of 2007. Spain also boost a labor force of 22.19 million and that is broken down into 5.3% works in agriculture, 30.1% is industry and 64.6 percent is in the services area. It was estimated in 2007 that Spain had an 8.3% unemployment rate and that roughly 20% of the population lived below the poverty line (2005). Spain’s budget has revenues of $588.5 billion and expenditures of $556.5 billion. Some of their agricultural products include, grain, vegetables, olives, wine grapes, citrus, dairy products and fish. Some of their main industries include Apparel, textiles, metal manufacturers, shipbuilding, automobiles, machine tools, medical equipment and refractory products. Spain has $256.7 billion in exports and imports of $380.2 billion, with the U.S making up about 5% of Spain’s exports. Spain uses the Euro and current exchange rates with the U.S as of Thursday October 30 are 1 U.S dollar equals .78229 Euros and 1 Euro would equal $1.27830.
Think of your resources: talent, time, knowledge. These are temporal and limited. but if you invest them with an eye towards eternity, these temporary things can have enduring impact. What is your focus? Now or eternity? Invest in the future. It will not only have an eternal impact, but it will also change the way you view life each day. – Bill Crowder
Because the risk of hemorrhaging is higher for women with placenta previa, mothers will be monitored for signs of hemorrhaging. She may be given medications to control bleeding such as pitocin and a transfusion may sometimes be necessary. Anemia may occur in mother or baby therefore hemoglobin levels will be monitored and iron supplements may be given.
Spooky
Not surprisingly, this fellow was also arrested by the police last Saturday. I think he was the only MP who was picked up by the police out of at least 100 legislators who turned up for Bersih 3.0. Why only him and not the others? Your guess is as good as mine.
Dear Quackers, Friends and Family,
I wonder if, where and when you stand, so much time and change between us, if you’re still faced with so much resistance and controversy for our religious beliefs. For our history, for our gods and our worship.
organic apples (also on the Dirty Dozen list)
Was it a great night? It was. Was it worth the pastie tape burn on my nips? Yep. And do I deserve the whole week off from posing in front of awkward freshman art students who render my boobs to look like two mismatched tube socks with pacifiers stuck on them?
There is no difficulty if you believe, for real , that you can change the world.
Sadly, that perception is highly accurate. His jobs bill proposal is so extraordinarily flaccid that Republicans are not even bothering wasting their breath to denounce it. The public reaction is, “That’s nice.”
5. Respond to volatile signals produced by other plants.
The primary benefit of podcasting for educators is quite simple. It enables teachers to reach students through a medium that is both "cool" and a part of their daily lives. For a technology that only requires a computer, microphone and internet connection, podcasting has the capacity of advancing a student's education beyond the classroom. Educators need to perceive devices like iPods and other portable media devices not as distractions to learning; rather, capitalize on it and turn them into effective tools for learning.
One night we went to the opening of the Canadian Front movie series at MoMA and saw the movie Monsieur Lazhar which was very good. A friend of ours produced the movie Roller Town which we didn't see but he put our name on the list for the film after party. I asked about the dress code and was told "New York casual". I asked a few people what they thought that meant and was told "black".
Congressman Barzaga: Your Honor…
I am seriously impressed by your ingenuity!
Peel the potatoes and place in bowl of cold water until you are ready to shred them. Don’t shred them until the onions are all caramelized. If it looks like it will take a while for the onions to finish, put the covered mixing bowl in the fridge. When the onions are browned, set them aside to cool.
(6) "We apologize for the delay to this train, which was caused by a technical difficulty/a lorry hitting a bridge/suicide at Killester."
So I guess my question is when did parents become such pussies? When was it more important to coddle a child then to make them realize there are consequences for their actions? I see crap like this every day at both the school and the restaurant I work in. These kids rule the roost. Now don't get me wrong, I am not a perfect parent, not even close, but my kids know the difference between right and wrong, and when the fuck up they are called on it. I just wish more parents would open their eyes to the monsters they are creating.
Boil until the beef is just cooked.
I wanted to include more pictures tonight, but the email is so slow and irritating. Poor me.
Now, Rosey isn't really a fashionable child. I like to think I dress her well, and every once in awhile she'll ask for something with a flower on it, or lip-gloss, but she's never been one of those kids with a closet-ful of princess dresses and earrings in every colour.
When I say this to people, the reaction I most often get is: “But there are safety issues!” to which I reply: Exactly. If it’s not adequate for the blindfolded, it’s not adequate for the blind. Why not make a political statement while doing real-world research and raising awareness?
Dance is release. Dance, like Friel’s gorgeous memory play, is a way to capture the pure feeling of a moment. Lughnasa’s ghostly sisters and the men who orbit around them know this. They dance like no one’s watching. And what begins as a technical chore, somehow morphs into a beautiful thing. That’s why we do this – spend spring evenings in stifling rehearsal rooms, stepping (literally and figuratively) on one another’s toes.
Why is the world changing?
"Your cartridges have not been recognised."
- Cooling systems (natural)
I was even more pleased to find this trailer when I was looking at my Google Reader today:
It’s a story that more than stands on its own. But that doesn’t mean I haven’t been ecstatic to discover that Hassler’s characters and the world of Staggerford, Minnesota carry over into a dozen more books. Which means its back to waiting by the mailbox, for me! ;)
The Master closet is located just inside the bathroom, and it's quite large, actually.
So until next year - and there may a little wait until there are new posts (but there are many awesome posts in the past) - take care of yourselves and each other. I miss you rather too much but I will be back soon with many words and hope.
I was soon happy to find that this labour was turning out to be, well, normal. My contractions came along beautifully, there was a pattern of increasing intensity, the time between each one was getting shorter and by the time noon rolled around all systems were a go.
12 fluid ounces beer, room temperature
First things first—2012 marks the year of the dragon. This is probably one of the most important years in the Chinese zodiac because the dragon represents luck, wealth, virtue, harmony, and longevity. The dragon is already an integral part of Chinese culture. That being said, the year of the dragon is a great time to really reinforce lessons of loving your neighbor and being kind, money, and doing things to make the world a better place. Here are some fun ways to help ring in the Chinese New Year.
distance from me.
The Walkathon features scenic trails for all fitness levels, adoptable HAWS pets, demonstrations, pet and owner contests, vendor booths, great food, prizes and more. Donors receive special HAWS’ items depending on their level of donation; HAWS “paw” gear can also be purchased at the event.
Now pretty much all I know about Freemasonry is what I learned from the Da Vinci Code. So not much. I googled it and Wikipedia told me its like a fraternity. Still not helpful. I continued to eavesdrop and learned that:
My Score: 8.8
the free-lance bounty hunter who'd drop the felon!)
“Criticism strikes an emotional chord in us. The emotion must go somewhere. To reflect it back to critics is to play their game. To bottle it up inside can result in depression or ulcers. Another option is to dump it out on someone completely unrelated to the situation: spouse, friends, employees, your children. That only complicates things. The only healthy and profitable thing to do is to pour out your heart to you heavenly Father.”
The ‘Good Girl’ singer talks to the magazine about the new album.
I read a book.
Author: Veronica Roth
Leni Kravac is band from Slovenia.
1 prussian
On the topic of speeding, have you heard much about the use of “Speed Limiters” (SLs) on heavy trucks? A study was released in March of this year (http://www.fmcsa.dot.gov/facts-research/research-technology/report/Speed-Limiters.pdf); the stated purpose was:
And OH MY GOODNESS! just realized that in my complete focus on all things Halloween (& Samhain).... I have completely neglected to post anything Mabon related! To be fair- and a bit more specific- I haven't only been wrapped up in my Halloween crafting time warp- (although that IS my favorite pastime at the moment, and has filled my every possible spare moment since early August!)
These weekly assignments were my first experiences with blogging. I watch a lot of television, so I didn’t think finding material would be an issue, but from what I knew about blogging before this class, I knew it couldn’t exactly be considered “fun”. I enjoy writing, but after reading my classmates’ blogs, they seem to require a sort of wit and charm that I would have to work incredibly hard to achieve. Comedic writing does not come naturally to me, but that seemed to be required of a quality blog, so I did my best. Many of my jokes required extensive editing and, though I apologize if I am mistaken, I believe my finished blogs were enjoyable and even a little charming at times!
As a reviewer, you may see 5 shows a day over 25 days. That is 125 shows. If only a third of those are free shows and if you put only £1 in each show’s bucket, that means forking out around £40. It is far easier – and cheaper – not to see free shows. There is no shortage of higher-profile, probably-very-good paid-for shows.
It was me who made myself catch a cold, I went barefoot in the rain. I
That encounter made me think. This heifer must be having a really, really bad day. She knew the rule not to cry at her desk or in public, so she went to seek the safety and anonymity of the bathroom stall to emotionally respond and cleanse from whatever is going on.
Cystic fibrosis variant, heterozygous for the Delta F508 mutation. Sterility investigated in the 1960s.
DJ Sumbody: I am planning on launching the album in other provinces. My main focus right now is to push the album as much as possible. Regardless of the high rates of piracy, I want to push the album as much as possible and ensure that people know about the album and also go out and buy the album.
We ended the day by impulsively stopping by Mon Pere’s house on the way home and catching an impromptu dinner with him, his girlfriend of twenty-five years, and her daughter and grandson.
CHAPTER II THE NEW PROPAGANDA
Perhaps the desire is more important than the fulfillment?
Small handful of raisins
Melbourne decided to turn on a bit of sun and finally heat earlier this week. I am definitely a Summer person and signs that Summer is coming always lifts my spirits.
in rolling streets
This need was thankfully sated when I found myself sitting in the grounds of the Red Fort, sweating profusely, next to a guy reading the Lonely Planet. Aka, the password to a fellow traveller. I took it as an invitation to start chatting, and ended up spending most of the day with Andrea, a 30 something Milanese guy, before an awkward non-hug in the Metro as we went our separate ways. That evening, alone on my cramped bed, I wasn’t certain I’d be that happy travelling around the country completely by myself. Not that the logistics were any problem – trains, planes and auto-rickshaws no longer freak me out like they first did – but the lack of anyone to share all my thoughts and observations with was already proving an issue.
God is Light, and there is no darkness at all in Him! Amen!
The latest volley from Norwich art-punks Fever Fever dials back the intensity for an overall more restrained affair. Whilst “The Chair” is a step forward in the songwriting department, it has nothing to do with the tune’s restraint, but more with the band’s melodic chops and ability to step out of their comfort zone.
Some friends and I were supposed to run everyday around the Washington SyCip Park but the rains just won't allow us to do it. Since I finally had the time to pick this card up--I'm out of excuses. There's no rain inside the gym.
A Sunday joint of bread and honey.
to hold you
I'm happy to see so many alums on the show and I could do without all of the other "talent".
2. Longenecker, New Wine, 28-29. Longenecker notes nine major, interdependent themes of the confessions cited by the NT authors (New Wine, 34-44):
1) These mufuckas DO NOT know how to make coffee. I take mine in a fairly simple way: black coffee, with 2 shots of espresso, and some half & half. Problem is “black coffee” DOESN’T EXIST HERE. You can get a “flat white” which is some sort of a latte-esque thing, or you can get an americano which isn’t called an americano—in fact, I think it’s actually just called a coffee. The shit is confusing and you will certainly feel like an idiot the first 19 times you order anything. Best way to avoid this? Just order a fucking latte with a couple extra shots, at least you’ll be happy until you realize they don’t have any splenda either.
through PPP mode.
The OB did an ultrasound to confirm, and there he/she was happy as Larry, heart beating away, kicking at the ultrasound wand, but not where we wanted to see him/her.
Fallen is the story of seventeen year old Lucinda (or Luce as she is known). Lucinda Price is spending her junior year of high school in a reform school called Sword and Cross. She has been bothered by shadowy images for much of her life and lately these shadows have begun to alter her life. She has come to Sword and Cross because of an accident involving a friend. She is not trusted by her parents and is very unsure of how her actions caused her to be at Sword and Cross. The one thing she is sure of is that when the shadows come… she cannot control them and bad things tend to happen. She begins to make friends at school but they are questionable friends.
Walker nodded stupidly, slapping sticky blood away from her trousers.
Anyhoo I came across this video today..I don't remember how but it was just what I needed to hear. Isn't it beautiful when the universe sends you these lil gifts when you are flagging a bit :)
It works. He shouts too, YES, GO AWAY BAD TRAFFIC. WE WANT TO GO TO TOY SCHOOL. GO AWAY!
Aren’t you getting sick of hearing the same words being used over and over? It’s as if people have run out of words to say. We as a society might try picking up our dictionaries looking for older words to re-introduce back into the English language.
This is my first NAFSA regional conference, though I’ve been to many of the annual conferences. (These are deliberately not called “national” conferences because NAFSA wants an international presence, and sometimes the conferences takes place in Canada. Instead of nearly 10,000 people, which Springfield could never manage, this bi-regional conference is hosting over 750: a great showing for New England, New York and New Jersey. Few people had to drive more than 3 hours to get here. Some took the train. It’s been good to connect with people who live and work within a half day’s drive from me, and I’ve enjoyed the opportunity to have long conversations with a good number of people, rather than the brief cocktail party chats with people rushing someplace else.
Another former First Lady visits, Mrs. Jimmy Carter. The woman in red is the Vice-President’s wife, Dr. Jill Biden. Mrs. O is so tall – you can really see it in this picture. What a view!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Brett O. Freiman, 29, Roslyn, N.Y.
A large majority of dog trainers remain self-taught. These trainers can go on to validate their education by pursuing a certification called the CPDT - or Certified Pet Dog Trainer. This certification is offered through the Certification Council of Professional Dog Trainers (CCPDT) and remains the only independent certification for dog trainers. Another certification available is offered through the International Association of Animal Behavior Consultants (IAABC). Both of these certifications are available to those who have completed certain educational and experiential prerequisites but neither require graduation from any specific "dog trainer school".
When you break it all down, there were two primary reasons why I chose to "un-job." My decision was, in many ways, related to a quote I received from a friend a few years ago, who obviously sensed something in me that I was not yet ready to see clearly:
3C. Panel: Illusionary Freedom: False Promises of Cyberspace – TEL 150
“Life doesn’t just happen to us. …The truth is we decide how our lives are going to be. …And the magic wand that makes it happen is our expression. …When we fully realize that we are spiritual creators, life does become our dream.” Pg 170
4) Work the pastry into a sticky ball with the pastry scraper.
Tonight's order of service has Paul Thomas Saunders on first. The Guardian's Paul Lester did young Paul the honour of picking him out for the New Band Of The Day feature, but then the considerable disservice of suggesting he's not much more than a competent Buckley and Yorke copyist. The ethereal grandeur of 'Appointment In Samarra', which finds him intoning ominously about blood on hands and bodies on the ground, is indicative of an ambitious and mature-before-his-time talent.
This is why shutting down the bank of campus is not just a sensible idea but an obvious first step in reclaiming education. The bank is not only profiting, but it is also the emissary of the profit motive; it does nothing else. Perhaps the closing of this small branch is purely symbolic; it won’t end global capitalism, after all.
from start to finish.. Unity is the best.. oh and membership incentives... gotta love that!!
Source: Alfred Hitchcock’s A Hearse Of A Different Color
And until then, Happy Beading!
934 *D-III/22/1986. “Reason and Revelation: The Case of the Bhagavad Gita.” Hindu Study Group, Rochester, New York. (Incorporated in Item C-1987(4), above, pp. 183-90.)
*interlude*
The tree in living room has been up since the weekend before Thanksgiving.
muddling of the printing process. His meticulous scratchboards (black and
My son piped up to tattle on me to my mother. "She already has left me."
In choosing a running shoe, you should determine the type of foot you have. Having the right running shoes for your foot type is one of the most important things you should keep in mind because if you are not aware of the running shoes for your feet, you can have a foot injury and you would not last long with your activity if you are not comfortable with what you are doing. You can’t run with a painful feet and you won’t be able to achieve your fitness goal if you are injured.
I can't believe how much effort I'm putting into finding the perfect sunscreen this year. I want it to be chemical-free, easy to put on (I have a very squirmy little girl who hates standing still for sunscreen application, especially when there's a beach in sight!), and fragrance-free or with just a light scent (because I get migraines).
This is where my limited expertise on goat metal ends. There's also Goat Thrower, Goat Eater, Goat Messiah, Goat Puncher, Goat River, Goat Skull, Goat Perversion, Goat Tunnel, Goat Terrorism, Goat Vengeance, Goat Bleeder, Goat Command, Goat Funeral, Goat Semen and a whole fuckload of other goat-something bands I've never heard of. If there's a goat band I should TOTALLY check out, give me a heads-up in the comments.
Meg is good this way. I am guilty of thinking too much about giving and sometimes forget to
and I suffer without your love.
Of Jesus being ridiculed
“Then along comes Howard with his spells and cones of power. The sooner we get this over with, the better.”
Sharing thoughts, ideas – working together. Creating something from two or minds instead of one.
“Thank you” I told her absentmindedly.
Jessica would be graduating college this year, assuming she had all her credits and didn't switch majors halfway through. Would she have stayed in this area or would she have found a job in Chicago, New York, or halfway around the world?
as her curvy hips she did wiggle.
Théodore Ballu was an architect and planner whose most famous constructions are the rebuilt Hotel de Ville and the Trinité church. Both buildings were constructed whilst he was the Head of Public Works for the city of Paris in charge of buildings related to culture and religion. He was also involved in the construction of Saint Ambroise and St Joseph, the belfry of Saint-Germain l’Auxerrois, and was largely responsible for the typical classical style of many of the churches in Paris.
It just might be one of my favorite
I wonder what first time visitors thought of the mix of people we have at Eastview? We are becoming a beautiful kaleidoscope of all kinds of people! Some were in shorts and some in three piece suits, some poor, some rich, some from India, Mexico, China, and Leroy. All of God's children come together as one family...beautiful!
In the days before the tsunami hit Japan, their stock market the Nikkei 225 Stock Average had its highs and lows throughout the month. However, when the tsunami hit the market took one of the biggest losses to date, dropping 21% in the two days following the tsunami. How will this drop in economic status effect not only Japan, but also the markets around the world? It seems that the industries in Japan will continue to drop behind on their products and cause economic troubles for companies around the world in the second quarter. The only money solution that seems to be going Japan’s way is their currency the Yen. During natural disasters investors looks to put their money in safe bets, and currency across the world is not in good shape. It seems that investors look to help the Japanese in a comeback, by investing in the Yen making the economy a little stronger.
I know many people who believe and claim that scripture is speaking about the Anti-christ and say that is what Jesus was referring to in the signs of the times in Matthew chapter 24, that is simply not the case. This is a prophecy fulfilled in part by Jesus Christ. The covenant with many for one week that he shall confirm is speaking of Jesus dying in the midst of the week. The middle of the week to be more exact. He was the ultimate sacrifice and because of his sacrifice he put an end to the need for sacrifices. Verse 27 goes on to say for the overspreading of abominations (sin) he shall make it desolate (by his sacrifice and forgiveness he makes sin go away). Chapter 9 of Daniel is a prophecy of the rebuilding of the Temple of Solomon (The first time they rebuilt it, after the Babylonian exile. The temple standing when Jesus Christ was on earth.) and the glory that is intended for the rebuilt temple. Remember the temple has been rebuilt once before. If it is rebuilt again then that would make it the third Jewish temple built. To say this scripture was not fulfilled by Jesus and will be fulfilled by the anti-christ is blasphemy, even if it is out of ignorance.
…The night progresses. Even the news channels begin recycling their stories and programs. No breaking news banners. Nothing.
(this recipe will make roughly 4 to 5 cups of whipped cream so if you're planning to make mousse topped with whipped cream, you need to multiply the ingredient amounts based on how much you are planning to serve).
It is awful to have Diarrhea. Imagine yourself in a public place and you suddenly need to use the restroom. Get free of this problem with the help of Hypnotherapy. In the research below, it is stated that stress and depression can cause chronic diseases related to diarrhea. Having known for its capability to relieve stress and depression, Hypnotherapy was carried out to test its effectiveness against Diarrhea.
I was still being sassy.
Gradually, more people attended the nightly meetings. The paramilitary group tried to block this multiplication by fining anyone who talked to Kanhar 10,000 rupees ($200)—more money than most made in a year.
By first believe in Santa Claus, then the Easter Bunny, then the Tooth Fairy, Rant Casey was recognizing that those myths are more than pretty stories and traditions to delight children. Or to modify behavior. Each of those three traditions asks a child to believe in the impossible in exchange for a reward. These are stepped-up tests to build a child's faith and imagination. The first test is to believe in a magical person, with toys as the reward. The second test is to trust in a magical animal, with candy as the reward. The last test is the most difficult, with the most abstract reward: To believe, trust in a flying fairy that will leave money.
Zentangle® enthusiasts will enjoy the commentary on each page but it does assume that you are familiar with tangling and tangle pattern names. Someone unfamiliar with tangling might be confused.
Roberts claimed that the marijuana was his, but the crack wasn't. It belonged to a "friend." How did his friend's crack happen to wind up in his crack?
Finally, I listed the articles and poems I've written for Yahoo's Contributor Network in a widget to the side of my blog articles. Feel free to check it out from time to time...I currently have 6 entries to my credit. :-)
The on-going situation with the Secret War books may well be something that will fall foul of the recession. Like it or not, getting a series published in the middle by another publisher is a tall order at the best of times. During a recession, it's something only a genius can achieve, and while I have one on my side now (see the news in the last blog entry) I'm making preparations for a suspension of work on the next Secret War novel to concentrate on one of the many other projects I wanted to pursue later. The decision is a prudent one given the state of play and while it's partly driven by financial considerations (I'm loathed to say) I want to give the next Secret War novel a chance and the current situation doesn't do that. The new project, a book called "Purgatory", comes at the right time. It plugs into what's happening in my working life and my private life, and has the advantage that it's a shorter book than the next Secret War novel and is a big enough departure to come back refreshed and try another side of my writing I haven't explored. Unlike The Black Hours (which I'll be completing at the end of the month) "Purgatory" will not be discussed in any detail on this blog - this project is being kept largely under wraps due to the plot and the genre. The idea is quite original, so I've been advised to keep it to myself until it's all done, otherwise I may find those gnashing teeth getting a bit close for comfort.
After David floats out of the house, the cat on the porch advises him:Wake by night and fly by night,
and pearls from Kort&Godt.
The hop starts today (Wednesday August 17th at noon EST) and ends on Wednesday August 24th at noon EST.
- 50 g animal crackers
BUTTERSCOTCH COOKIES
"Mommy, I know you get up real early and pray. Tomorrow when you pray could you pray that tomorrow I have a better day? And, you know how you hugged me so many times today when I cried? Could we do that again tomorrow?"
She couldn’t help but think
four medals
One key trend here is the primacy of Introverted Sensation. This shows up in three distinct ways.
Were we going to the woods to beat drums? Do primal scream therapy? Whine endlessly about how our dads did or didn't treat us as kids? Not at all.
Here she plays the long suffering wife – and potential victim - of race car driver Alan Colby. Given her character's name (Denise) and the location this movie is partially set in I guess she is meant to be French, however, in some early scenes she speaks fluent Italian and for the most part sports a very convincing Italian accent. In actual fact she is so good in it that it is hard to imagine that she is not one of Hammer's Continental discoveries but indeed Australian born.
Nelson for its unmistakable fruity hop punch with almost a white wine zing & Riwaka for their pungent citrus grapefruit quality, superb for aroma.
"The debt brakes will be binding and valid forever," said Merkel.
DVD
If vaccination is a no brainer for cervical cancer and for HPV-positive oropharyngeal cancer, what about cancer caused by smoking? The epidemiologic evidence documents that smokeless tobacco and e-cigarettes have the potential to immunize smokers against these and other deadly illnesses.
There are people on this planet who live virtually in hell and on the same planet there are others who live a relatively peaceful life. The ones who are at peace inside will still experience the polarities, but in a much more benign way, not the extreme way in which many humans still experience them. So, the way in which the polarities are experienced does change. The polarities themselves cannot be removed, but one could say, the whole universe becomes somewhat more benevolent. It’s no longer so threatening. The world is no longer perceived as hostile, which is how the ego perceives it.
Everyone’s been busier than the proverbial one legged man in a butt-kicking contest at our petite farmhouse brewery. Along with our friends at Valcour records, my family just released our first seasonal/collaboration project. Our side of the collaboration was of course a beer - one that we have christened Courir de Mardi Gras. Courir is crafted in the style of a Biere de Mars, a centuries old style of French farmhouse ale.In France this style of beers is brewed in pretty-small batches on farms, thus insuring that not many of them are imported to the states. While we brewed multiple small batches of the beer to refine the recipe, designed the packaging, and labored to get everything approved by the Feds and States we distribute to, the guys at Valcour were busy working on the companion cd, the Best of Valcour Records, Volume I. It was a lot of work, getting the CD and Biere out before Mardi Gras, but I think everyone’s gonna dig it -the CD and the beer are both a lot of fun, and tastefully perfect for Mardi Gras get-togethers.
- white corn
For more information about this AMAZING program, please go here.
Sam didn't remember moving to Salem, and for the first six or so years of their parents' divorce, Mum had visited them once a month. Her visits had been woven into the fabric of their lives, unquestioned, like how you get up, eat breakfast and head out to school every day. But then she came once every two months, then once every three. This year, she'd only visited them once, and here it was August. They'd never visited her.
This review was a little personal so it took some time to write, but I hope I was able to translate it into words well enough for you, the readers.
My bottled Kombucha, now sitting for it's second fermentation. I did blueberry, 2 strawberries and a raspberry. Sometimes I bottle it in individual bottles using old store bought Kombucha bottles, old beer bottles or swing top bottles. (I bought a beer capper at Amazon for $15.) This time I just poured it in old yogurt containers, old juice bottles and a pickle bottle! Don't store Kombucha in plastic, it will kill the SCOBY.
Jeremy Glick, 31, Hewlett, N.J.
Current Points Status: I think I may have reached Cockatoo level. I see a lot of those around at the moment and they have a nice life sitting up in the trees round here and deafening people.
I say this to you that you will gather hope and that you will go forward not engaging in any way, shape or form in the chaos. For that is not where we direct you at this moment, but to stand back and allow this unfoldment and the opening of many, many hearts. We are with you.
“Where is Talon, sir?” inquired Jagred.
Okay Huixian was saying she found a glutton who is wayyyyy more greedier than her omg. -cough-
1 skein worsted weight yarn.You may wish to use a contrasting colour or darker shade for the wings. (Sample was made using Vanna’s Choice Kelly Green for the body and Vanna’s Choice Olive for the wings.)
USA for Africa - We Are the World - 20 Million
This laborious Easter bread will keep fresh for 2 days and will still be delicious tosted and dusted with using sugar after 4 or 5 days.
Eli was asked in Germany, "How did you feel hearing you book read in German?"
The trick with Hama beads is not to iron too much, because you melt the pegs, as I unfortunately did this time (although only one peg, and that was in the corner). One of our children stayed the course. The other two lost interest part way through. But everyone had fun, and that’s the most important thing.
Other things could be left alone. There’s a lot to love: A romance between a boy and girl that’s forbidden by no fault of their own, but by their fathers, due to bad blood? Check. Love triangle that doesn’t get in the way? Check. Train wreck? Check. Weird happenings in a small, quiet town? Check. Classmates making a movie? Check (it worked in Haruhi Suzumiya). Aliens? Check. The town policeman bumping up against the industrial military complex? Check A shonen having to work up the courage to not just defy his and her dads, but to save said girl from said angsty alien? Check and check!
Descriptions of the so-called great Pacific garbage patch in news reports may have led many people to imagine a giant, dense island of garbage while in fact the patch is made up of widely dispersed area.
I used to sort of secretly dread this time of year and actually, when I realized it was here again....I wasn't exactly thrilled.
If hope really means holding to a wish for something, expecting that it will come true, grapes are the poster fruit for hope.
of someone or something
REGGAE Music Again
The reason why Communism takes over the world is not because it is much “smarter” than capitalism or democracies or anything of the sort. It is because in the West there is a spiritual vacuum, and when this vacuum is present Communism simply marches in, taking one little territory after the other until, at present, it has conquered nearly half the world.
_______________________________________________________________
Our work also results in new skills and many days of paid work restoring steep hillsides as well as carrying out harvesting activities in reforestations that we have established over the years.
David Karaffa brings a solid Conservative perspective to the process of solving problems facing local government.
Right off the ground to float to you with no gravity to hold me down for real
The rules: (my version)
Enjoy the photos, but don't try to make sense of them. You'll get a migraine. There is also a poem at the end inspired by Twas the Night Before Christmas. It's a must read.
a. sit at home and play video games all day
"Go for hot chocolate and walk around outdoor shops looking at lights."
Weaned
Knead by hand for 5 minutes on floured surface. Transfer onto greased and covered bowl. Let rise into doubled for an hour.
Food cravings: It would probably just be easier to list the foods I don’t crave.
Years ago I realized I lost my sense of awe, my sense of wonder. Nothing seemed to make me wonder anymore, at least, not in its original, spiritual sense. I wanted, needed to be filled with the immensity of something bigger and more powerful than me. I needed to know I am still capable of wonder.
... and a HUGE pack of Portuguese sweets : ) I have never tried anything similar before, but they were so tasty, that I ate the whole package at once : )
So here are the moments that have captured me lately...
Bournemouth area hospitality association Chairman Andrew Woodland said: “Visitor spend will be way down this weekend, with a fall of around £1 million compared to a good weather weekend.
I actually don't have a lot to say, but this whole editing/not editing thing was bugging me and I had to spit it out. Also, I want to make sure I blog more than once a month.
Not in my husband, much as I love him, but in my God. Wherever I go, with my life’s companion or alone, my roots are deep in God, and in his love. So you see, for me also, what they say is true. Home is where the heart is.
There are some things that you sacrifice in order to have the perfect location; the main thing being space and that's definitely what I've lost in my move to my 200 sq ft apartment in Hong Kong.
3 John 2
Text: Micah 6:6-8, Luke 1:46-55, James 2
Wishing you all a lovely weekend. We have a few things planned but I'm just going to enjoy being with my beautiful family. My husband is taking our two children to Africa for three weeks and they leave next week. I'm already missing them to the point my heart is hurting. My head tells me they will be safe but my heart is saying otherwise.
A personally favourite shot of the Editors. They said it all on their own!! Photo: courtesy Vincent Crowley
all international broadcast revenue is split equally amongst the 20 clubs and worth nearly £18.8m each for the 2011/12 season.
07. Lola Versus Powerman & The Moneygoround, Part One - The Kinks (1970)
Blood?
A little over a year ago, my dissertation committee chair shared a link to a blog post on the Chronicle of Higher Education’s website: The Rule of 200 by Erin E. Templeton. She presents what I think is a practical, accessible approach to the challenge of balancing the varied demands of a career in academia. She writes that in the swirl of semester activity,
High class problems, no?
At 7-something this morning, a NY court issued an injunction ordering that the protesters must be allowed back into the park pending a fuller hearing at 11:30AM today. Mayor Bloomberg was reportedly informed, and the protesters have one or more copies of the court order, which they showed to the NYPD.
But in the almost-five years since Isabelle has been our beloved daughter, we’ve had time to think and rethink. And this long contemplated plan exists no longer.
So seeing as it looks like we're going to be in Tahoe for the foreseeable future, Cam and I have decided to move...upstairs! We currently live in a house that is divided in to two apartments, and we lived on the lower floor and another couple rented the upper floor. However, they recently move out and so we made the decision that we wanted to move upstairs. The upper apartment has 2 bedrooms plus a giant loft, 2 bathrooms, a much bigger deck with better views, and overall it's just a lot bigger and brighter than the lower apartment which is only 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom. We figured if we're going to be in Tahoe for awhile, it made sense to have a little more space and I'm totally psyched about it. We had a professional cleaning company come in on Saturday and deep clean the place, and then we started moving our stuff in yesterday. We slept in our new loft bedroom last night, and you can totally see the stars out the window when you're laying in bed which is awesome.
“The corporation has been granted the exclusive right, for a period of six months, commencing August 1, 2011, and subject to mutually agreed extensions, to conduct due diligence and develop a proposal for the construction and concession agreements in respect of the redevelopment of these airport projects,” Bush stated.
I hope your day is as blessed as mine!*smiles*
and has been a great success. There are five of us in the troop and each week,
Jeans - via Goodwill
Sunday - The band was in Arkansas so I didn't cook
How would you characterize "favorite" books? I tend to think of them as ones I read over and over. Perhaps they take me to wonderful places I want to revisit again and again, or they allow me to spend time with characters I love.
my favorite drawer: the paper drawer.
A smooth transition away from oil mediated entirely by market prices essentially assumes two things: 1) a very gradual decline in oil supplies after the peak and 2) a recognition in the market price that the peak is coming long before it arrives.
Mardi Gras is the last day of the Carnival Season before Ash Wednesday.
I'm also getting back to the idea I had last year to make it easier for all the genuine fans to report thefts -- not just of my images but for images by all stamp artists, companies and shopkeepers who want to participate. Please check my new (in progress!!) web page "STAMP OUT" if you'd like to join the effort. And please spread the word. xoMo
Here’s a screen shoot of it:
“The question to my mind is whether in China this turns into a political football in a very political season.
That's one of the first things I wanted to ask Pinay Fitness (PF) when they offered me a special deal on physical fitness training, food intake analysis, etc.
Im tired this genocide. Im tired of watching people be afraid. Im not scared. I have already been called every name in the book and recieved countless death threats. I will not backdown. I will die standing by Jesus and defending your freedom. I will not sit back and watch. You want to know the truth? The Truth is going to get me killed, but atleast I would have died a righteous death. Truth is America is no longer land of the free, home of the brave. America is now land of the enslaved, home of the coward.
Time has come and gone for me
Thus Brooklyn Heights became “America’s first suburb,” and the County of Kings started on its staggering path of 19th-century growth — acquiring hundreds of thousands of new residents, undergoing a boom in real estate and construction, and developing huge waterfront enterprises in sugar refining, oil refining, beer brewing and the like.
Sometime they'll give a war and nobody will come. ~Carl Sandburg
I am addicted to Thirty -One bags. The utility tote is one of my all time favorites. I own a few and use them for various things. J’s toddler bag, my teacher’s tote, softball snack bag, and beach/pool bag are a few of our family’s uses. Check out Teresa’ 31 Uses for the Utility Tote and get some ideas of your own.
Last Month, the DOE released the Educational Impact Statement proposing the phase-out of M.S. 571 - The Bergen Upper School and a re-siting and co-location of Brooklyn East Collegiate Charter School in the 13K009 building. The DOE claims M.S. 571 “lacks the capacity to turn around” and there’s a need of high-quality options in school district 13. Much like P.S. 316 and M.S. 353, the DOE is not allowing the possible expansion and growth of P.S. 9.
Skills required to be a competent Team Member
Thank goodness for Heineken-swilling Dutchmen who, inadvertently gave us the pantheon of Belgian beers! I raise a Saison DuPont in your honor.
ASYLUM seekers who sign up for art classes and play sport while in detention in Western Australia are earning "reward points", which they can cash in for luxuries such as automated nose-hair trimmers, cigarettes and chocolate.
Illuminating a mystery, rhythmic and enchanting,
In my box Lauren included lots of yummy goodies, including Almond butter from The Orchards inPomona,NY(something I have been dying to try, but never purchased because Alex refuses to try it!), Bread and Butter Pickles (again, much to Alex’s dismay! *More on that later!), Roasted Natural Sea Weed, Soba noodles, and a recipe for Soba noodles with kale and walnuts!
I still enjoy a good mystery, thriller, police procedural, a few legal mysteries. I’ll try sci-fi if I think the book looks interesting.
Here’s some financial advice that you may not think about too much. Be yourself. Don’t let trends or society dictate your spending habits. Trying to keep up with the latest fashions will flush your cash down the drain like nobody’s business. You’ll end up with a bunch of clothes you’ve barely worn and you can only recoup a small portion of the initial money spent if you sell them. Develop your own style and stick to it. I have a very distinctive style personally, especially when it comes to footwear. I have two styles of footwear: cowboy boots and minimalist shoes. Pretty much the most polar opposites you can imagine.
now i want everything
So today marks the week and half mark that I have been home with Bo and it has been lovely to snuggle with a newborn all over again! I realize how big Eli is now and wanting to do everything by himself (Eli loves to say "self" now when he does everything!). He simply doesn't have time to deal with me smothering him with kisses and hugs anymore! Luckily I have little Bo over here to snuggle with :)
(see yesterday's post).
First of all, the Times made no effort to report on how the assignment of those nine million square feet had changed, how the developer had traded office space--a selling point for "jobs"--for luxury housing.
This blog exists because I wanted a WordPress avatar to comment on Regretsy last week. There you have it. But, in case I get back to writing again, I may use it to explore some life questions that presently have me looking like this:
You're getting drafted in. Here we go then.
You surrendered your right to any further say in what the Prime Minister chooses to do, in your name.
Mrs. Elkan R. Blout
Grace Says:
Next day, it was time to start the decoration process. I wanted to try Karen's Meringue Powder Buttercream Frosting recipe. She said she's used it for a lot of years and likes the texture and flavor for decorating. I watched her tutorials something like three times to make sure I got it right. It seems counter intuitive to add fat to a meringue but I forged ahead, following her steps with precision. It turned out beautifully! It tastes delicious with a bit of almond extract and vanilla extract. The taste is vastly superior to regular royal icing. It takes a LOT longer to dry...and it doesn't dry as hard as royal icing so I did mark a few, even after they crusted. You have to handle them a lot more carefully...a LOT more carefully! However, this morning, after drying under a fan overnight and part of yesterday, they are safe to handle and package with no oopsies. I've yet to see how the packaging and stacking goes.
After the macarons were finally done baking, I was a little disappointed when I pulled them out of the oven. While the tops were smooth and pretty, the bottoms barely had the "feet" that I was looking for.
always had pretty, pastel dresses
So I have been trying new recipes and feeling really proud of the meals that I have waiting for my husband when he gets home from work. It really does provide a great sense of accomplishment.
Zoetrope has sections for novel-writing, short fiction, screenwriting, and all sorts. It has a slightly confusing system of public message boards with a subculture of private rooms, which any of its members can set up and invite people to join; it's well thought-of, and has a reputation for producing excellent writers through strong criticism and robust comment. I have taken part, but found the system of private rooms (where most of the action goes on) made it a little too scattered and time-consuming for my liking.
The day is started off with uplifting activities, allowing students, staff, and community members to drop their guard and prepare for opening their minds and their hearts. Next came small group discussions. I was paired with five students I had never met or even seen before. The stories which were shared in my "family" of students (as the program leaders called them) made me say "wow".
He is loving hunting right now, and wants to go hunting soon.
And hands are weak,
1 widely
When he became the Minister of Defence he made his wife Jackie Sidebe the first female general in the New SA Defence Force and got his daughter Thereza Magazi on the board of Conlog (later renamed Logtek), one of the companies for counter trade agreements and the company responsible for securing the prepaid electricity meters for Eskom...these meters are in almost every house in SA today. He also appointed his brother in law, Lambert Moloi on the board of the parastatal arms manufacturer Denel (Armscor).
Unmounted rubber stamp of a woman holding a broom- 4.00 BRAND NEW
Johanna has everything it takes to be a successful blogger but is highly blog resistant: she just refuses to blog -- this while owning more than a dozen fantastic vintage sewing machines that could provide half a year's worth of blog content. Johanna claims she doesn't want to have a blog. I think she should work it out with a therapist as it probably relates to her upbringing but she resists that too.
“Watch ‘em online,” he replied.
But, oh heavens! I glanced at the Diary blog as I jumped through to do this posting. Can't help thinking it needs lots more sections added, but how do I find time to do all that and keep the Tome moving along?
loyal slaves turn into masters of this reality
We occasionally get a card or some little thing sent to us by guests/new friends.
Merry Christmas to all of you who celebrate it. Happy Holiday to everyone who celebrate another holiday this time of year. No matter what you call your holiday, I wish you peace, happiness with your family and friends. Lot's of good food without any calories! See you next year!
Message from Flying Saucer Austin:
* Combine flour, oat, salt, chocolate chip and baking powder in a mixing bowl.
Most mothers are always shopping around to re-decorate and buy new furniture for their house at the best prices. Why not give them the selection and prices they will be happy about. With over 20,000 items in stock, the possibilities are endless.
Graduate Program Coordinator, UW Program on the Environment
Aquaman #7
I also use a few flowers, some Tattered Angels spray inks, some random chipboards, the little swirl on the paper strip to the upper left was made using VersaMark and my Pebbles Chalk. I have also used Tsukineko inks and my sewing machine.
Virtually every automaker took a significant hit when an earthquake and tsunami hit Japan back in March. (We have several posts on this.) What surprised many people — even to some in the auto industry — was that even non-Japanese firms suffered. Several firms did not find out until too late that a supplier to a supplier was dependent on components that could only made in one plant and that plant was unfortunately in the affected area. One would obviously hope that firms would learn from the Japanese crisis and try to keep such disruptions from happening again.
5. Have you researched and studied the requirements of self-publishing? How much do you know about author solution companies and how to identify a reputable one?
Font Maker App
I’ll be back with some fun projects – they were derailed by my DIY mishap this weekend but I’m persevering!! :)
First week's matchup: The G'lers:
jungyul: (slightly self-concious by the fact that he has spent thousands of dollars of his father's money on an expensive education in America and reaping the returns by volunteering, and also by his less than spectacular korean language skills) Well, when I first arrived in Tanzania, if a student came to me and told me "teacher, I'm having trouble doing my homework because I cannot afford a notebook," I would have responded by feeling sorry for his poverty, and wondering how tough his life must be if he cannot even afford a notebook. Now, if the a student asks me the same thing, I would think about how terribly lazy, what an unmotivated student he is, and respond "what'd you want me to do?" in an overtly sarcastic way. I would do so because I know that a notebook costs only 300Tsh, and even a poor student would manage to get one out of the slightest desire to study.
“After that. The, um, awkward conversation.”
So much new to get used to and busy with my
The president gave no further details during his address to the nation following a heavy defeat in regional elections for his ruling Union for a Popular Movement party.
Christmas Day. Veda, wearing an absurd amount of makeup, opens a gift of riding boots from Bert and gets all excited. Mildred hands over her own gift—a rather pretty watch. Veda, of course, can’t even pretend to be happy or grateful or anything. Mildred tries to apologize for not having done better, but the phone rings and Veda goes to answer it—it’s Bert, so Veda launches into a ridiculous gush of enthusiasm for the boots that even Bert realizes must have had some ulterior motive. He gets on the phone with Mildred and she says someone must have tipped Veda off about the piano. Bert swears it wasn’t him and rightly says Veda has absolutely nothing to complain about.
Step 4 – Check out the Planting Guide that shows you how to plant your bulbs.
Now, once again...this is a process and we don't know how quickly Gaines will be able to do it. He has really bad lungs...but at least we are to the point of trying. Can you tell that I'm trying not to get my hopes up too high? The doctor did go ahead and schedule his next appointment in four months for the BPD (bronchio-pulmonary dysplasia...I think!) graduate clinic because they think he'll be totally off oxygen and a "graduate" by that point. So, hopefully, we'll have an exciting and cordless summer. Your prayers for a smooth and swift transition would be much appreciated.
Blogger has all changed and it's driving me potty. I hope you can view it all properly.
However, the plot I must say.. does not impress me at all.. It’s so dull and boring that I nearly fell asleep inside the cinema. I think anyone of you could have figured the whole course of the movie by the time you sit in there for about 20 minutes. However, it would still serve as an entertainment as a family-film.
3. We sell pure bred Buff Orpington chickens, pure bred but unregistered Icelandic lambs, meat rabbits and angora rabbits.
"I decided to come in because yesterday, I forgot to feed my pet crocodile and that's not something I've ever done!"
I did meet with a dietician last week and was given a personalized diet plan which was interesting and enlightening though a bit confusing even for a food enthusiast like me.
How easy are chickpea pancakes to make? So easy it’s not funny..just mix up a dough consistency with gram flour and water and season with some cumin powder and salt and pepper. roll out a thin pancake/wrap and cook on a medium heat griddle pan. Flip both sides and when ready, cool and cook up your chicken!
After completing her first degree, Safa worked at the Provence Center helping rehabilitate men who had broken the law. She then continued on at Tel Aviv University to begin a Masters in Gender and Women’s studies. Though Safa didn’t know much about the field, she had noticed in her work that most of the organizations providing social services were directed toward, and run by, men.
Mazabuka – about three hours up the road towards Lusaka - is famous for its sugarcane farms, thus the title ‘Sweetest town in the country’.
I took my blouse and belt to the Mormon temple in Mesa, AZ.
HARP may be an option if:
- a small first aid kit
When you’re young, you’re trying out who you are like a good suit. So, sometimes you don’t even see what’s right in front of you. You’re too focused on what you could have or on where you might be going, instead of enjoying where you are. If someone, right in front of you, is loving you with their whole heart, the way they know how – that’s at the very least worth investigating and seeing through. It may not be the one, but if you both learn from the experience – it’s ultimately a good thing.
Images to represent the idioms and the definitions
Designed for pros and semi-pros alike, the Canon EOS 7D is a high-performance digital SLR, that features the resolving power of an 18-megapixel APS-C format CMOS sensor and dual DIGIC 4 image processors that enable 8 frames-per-second capture of high-definition, low-noise imaging at sensitivity levels up to ISO 12800.
Please stay with me as I restart this passion of mine! I would love the support and kindness of friends and community.
"I wa' some 'otion!" (I want some lotion.)
So I was very surprised when she invited me to this event called “The Meeting of the Styles”. A little research and I discovered this was a meeting of over 40 artists from different parts of the world. The wall that Carolina was painting was at Mercado De Las Pulgas which is newly renovated covered building that is used to sell antiques and refinished furniture.
AC Golden Brewing Company AC Golden German Pilsener
Thanks for visiting me today. Hope you have a wonderful day!
“‘Cause you threw him at me. Must mean you don’t want him,” Natalie teased.
Again, this takes effective planning before tablets are ordered.
1 prime
“Also I watch our house help pray religiously for her husbands long life and well being and in returns she gets beaten up, abused sexually, emotionally, mentally by that drunkard day in and day out and I say to myself surely her God is deaf and pro rich and pro men , someone who can listen only when some seth or sethani is playing raunchy bhajans based on latest film songs by a loud speaker and offering him a big notton ki gaddi. This poor woman’s tear streaked voiced drowsed by pain and sorrow doesn’t reach his ears. It makes me sick. “
900 D-IV/22(A)/1985. “On the Privilege of Being and Doing Good.” First Amendment Seminar, The College of Law, DePaul University, Chicago, Illinois.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender but still firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes (according to package directions)
OH ED!!!!!!!!!!!
Grease a 9 by 13 glass baking dish or similar with soft butter and set aside. Preheat the oven to 375.
Rev. Cornelius Dowling succeeded; in 1826 he became P.P. of Stradbally, and had for his successor, Rev. Eugene Kelly; he dying in 1859, was succeeded by Rev. James Kavanagh, on whose death, which took place in 1876, Rev. Patrick Donohoe, the present Parish Priest, was appointed."
Recently, I had a transaction that went just according to plan for most the deal, aside from a couple minor issues there in. Both sides were negotiating well, without issue, and all were for the most part happy. Then, about a week before the closing, I get a call from my client, who happened to be the buyer in this particular business transaction, who went on to state that the seller was removing all sorts of items that were to be left in the home per the offer and P/S. You can imagine my obvious surprise!
would lead to a
I should also mention she and her son write some very nice poetry. Its coming up to a major food and shopping season so if you are short on inspiration, take a look at the RDG....its certainly got more flavor than picking out a tie!
I nod my head and follow John.
Customer: Where you from?
Talking with my mother now is not about me being in control of that situation. It’s about being as honest as I can without totally losing compassion. Back when I was being abused and she turned on me, she used to say “Amy you reap what you sow.” Now I’m saying it to her in my head. She’s reaping what she sowed.
I was destroyed, i hated myself, i hated everything about me and i just was making myself and everything around me worse!!
What's not to like about this piece? I certainly understand why Queen Margrethe trots it out as often as she does. Even if floral tiaras aren't your favorite (they're not my favorites, honestly), the flexibility here is hard to beat.
Mat Zain also called for legal action to be taken on the electoral roll and for it to be declared void due to the inconsistencies that have been highlighted, and the alleged deception by the EC’s leaders.
The answer to the question of is largely up to you. Many people like to come up with absurdest answers to the question, turning the strange riddle back on itself. Admitting that you have no idea is, the classic response, and the response given in the original text. However, you should certainly not allow tradition to dictate the answer, as that would spoil all the fun.
29. My hubby's cleanliness.
by Brian Mustanski, Ph.D.
Next, I went to IKEA and got one of those light-bulb cord kit things that people use in paper lanterns. I figured I would plug it in to the switch that turns the light on and off and it would replace her yucky torchiere lamp. NOT. The exposed light bulb was blinding and the cord running down the corner of the room was not attractive at all. So, plan B. Throw it away and move on. Ha ha. Ok, just kidding. I will not let the lamp shade defeat me! No way! Hmmmmmm. Let me remind all of you that my brain is a strange strange place filled with strange strange ideas. That said, I rigged up this little contraption, and yes, covered it in YARN. A lamp harp, a twig, and some E6000 was all I needed to "make it work." (disregard my scratched up desk. I haven't bothered to refinish it because I prefer to use it as a cutting mat...I know, I know).
I got a call from Big Kelv (a St Kilda Ale Star) while he was on holiday up near Albury on the NSW/Victorian border asking for some help.
Chelsea & Mark will attempt a Cha Cha (if Mark can get it right this time)
It's prolly why that crazy Tom Cruise
Upper Benjamins, built on a downy plan, a monarch to half-a-finnuff, Fishing or Shooting Togs, cut slap, 1 pound, 1 quarter, and a peg. A Fancy Sleeve Blue Plush or Pilot ditto, made very saucy, a couter. Pair of Kerseymere or Doeskin Kicksies, built very slap with the artful dodge, a canary. Pair of Bath or Worsted Cords, cut to drop down on the trotters, a quid. Pair of out and out Cords, built very serious, 9 bob and a kick. Pair of stout Broad Cords, built in the Melton Mowbray style, half a sov. Pair of Moleskins, built hanky spanky, with a double fakement down the sides and artful buttons at bottom, half a monarch.
I have learned to find one person in a party to act as the Captain, my point of reference. It's not always easy to tell, but in general, the biggest guy is the one I want on my side. Makes sense, right? Talking to them all is impossible (do these kids NEVER listen up?) so I rely on peer pressure.
Rotoshave Electric Razor close as a razor convenient as a shaver
Arrested!
I have to take my cares to the Lord immediately. I mustn’t wait for the issues to become problems too great to deal with. I know through prayer and petition, the Lord is ever-present. He is always with me, encouraging me in His will to seek Him in all of life’s trials. I am eternally grateful.
Urban temperatures in summer are made worse by a lack of green space. Green space, and trees in particular, provide shade and reduce the ambient temperature through the cooling effect of evaporation of water from the soil and through plant leaves.
your ideas from. Would you say
A Girl Worth Fighting For
The new challenge is up over at Squiggleffly and what a fun theme for this week!! You are asked to CASE a card of one of Squigglefly' DT ladies , which is the ultimate compliment to someone, of coarse you change things around a bit, just so that it is not a replica, lol, then i won't be your own, right...............:))
Here is the semi before. Forgot to take a full picture of the table before I started gluing.
Thirdly, All rights stem from the right to life and the only implication of the right to life is the right to property. As Rand so eloquently put it “Without property rights, no other rights are possible. Since man has to sustain his life by his own effort, the man who has no right to the product of his effort has no means to sustain his life.”
Since Adam’s untimely death in 2001, Shada has been made into a cartoon and a novel out this month. Adams himself re-tooled the story into Dirk Gently’s Holistic Detective Agency. Hitch Hikers too was a spin off from Doctor Who, especially the third installment, originally titled Doctor Who and the Krikkit Men which proved too expensive and over the top for Doctor Who so became Life the Universe and Everything with Slartibartfast taking the role of the Doctor.
Mellie nodded with a disgusted frown. Sweat dripped from her bangs. She tried to calm her breathing, even though her vision blurred, and her legs wobbled. Her blisters had popped by now and oozed wetness.
Without love we are not saved no matter how we are water baptized.
It was important to Beverly that this be a constructive reality show. So, life coaches and therapists are involved in many elements to help the family work through their problems. Beverly notes that there are many people out there with complicated mother-daughter relationships, and she believes seeing Beverly and Anansa work through their relationship can help viewers resolve their own challenges.
While it is the word that most quickly comes to mind when I think of many (not all, certainly) past Caine Prize nominees, I am also suspicious of it, because it seems to hide an utterly subjective evaluation behind a somewhat objective-sounding statement and also to close down a discussion of what, exactly, caused the evaluator to have such a feeling: what in the text failed to evoke a response in a reader due to that reader's expectations of texts, knowledge of contexts, and experience of life and reading.
“Jason,” she said with a sigh, “you know I have a philosophy class tomorrow. Can’t this trip wait until the weekend?”
Transocean is the world’s largest offshore drilling contractor and the leading provider of drilling management services worldwide. With a fleet of 140 mobile offshore drilling units plus three ultra-deepwater units under construction, the company’s fleet is considered one of the most modern and versatile in the world due to its emphasis on technically demanding segments of the offshore drilling business. Its worldwide fleet is more than twice the size of the next-largest competitor. The company owns or operates a contract drilling fleet of 46 High-Specification Floaters (Ultra-Deepwater, Deepwater and Harsh-Environment semisubmersibles and drillships), 26 Midwater Floaters, 10 High-Specification Jackups, 55 Standard Jackups and other assets utilized in the support of offshore drilling activities worldwide. SOURCE: Transocean Ltd.
P.S. I just heard from Mimi, Julian's mom, that cancer cells were found in her little boy's spinal fluid. :*( If you're the praying type, please say one for healing for Julian, peace and comfort for his family, and wisdom for the doctors treating him. You can read more at Carepages.com under "Julian's World".
Cashier: okay fine.
My little companions will be glad Mommy has lots of things to work on so they can sit close by and give advice. And play in Mommy's stuff.
In a small bowl, combine the egg, bread crumbs, mayonnaise, lemon juice and seasonings. Stir in crab. Place about 1 tablespoonful of mixture over each shrimp; sprinkle with cheese and paprika. Bake at 350° for 9-11 minutes or until shrimp turn pink. Serve warm. Yield: 20 appetizers.
I began with an ampersand mask that I had in my stash but I wanted the masked section to be the negative of the shape not the outside.
No summarizing conclusions for this post. I’m too nervous to think, and too fucking aroused to sit still. I love you all, dear readers. Good night.
I’ve followed this weeks fab sketch at Sketch and Stash and rotated it 90 degrees anti-clockwise:
“We’ve learned a huge amount about being flexible in terms of trying to deliver a product for all the different user groups. And I would like to think with each event we get slightly better.” -Coryn Huddy, DVML operations manager
I worked the bellows as I turned the pages.
‘Purpel and white flowered cotten’. Cotton printed in small floral designs. Foundling number 11337. A boy aged about xxx, admitted 25 January 1759. Named John Hammersmith by the Foundling Hospital. Apprenticed 26 July 1769 to Mr Maycock, farmer of Thornton, Cheshire.
It was the first time I had really looked at her since November. Everything else had been a fleeting glimpse of her in passing. My God, have I missed her.
I'm not keen on glitter paper because all the glitter rubs off, especially when die cutting or punching with it, but this one is great. It's really smooth and no glitter rubs off at all.....I must find out where it came from so I can get more! lol
(The Viking Press, an imprint of Penguin)
"The unit was acting on the instruction of the provincial commissioner and I was not even aware that they were in Leandra on that day," Shongwe said.
Ritual is a part of every fraternity man or sorority woman's experience. While this may be true, the extent to which it is differs greatly. Some collegiate members see their Ritual on a regular basis, some talk about it, some learn it, some lead their chapter in Ritual study or practice. To others, Ritual happens once a semester or once a year - it's a book, or a phrase. It may have been edited down to be a short as possible, or pages and dialog have been lost or forgotten.
Tracy Evans created a magical Winter Wonderland in this gorgeous art journal spread. I love the background created with layer upon layer of snowflakes and number stencils, perfect for our holiday countdown! Each bauble has been textured with the IndigoBlu crackle stamp, and the characters are IndigoBlu as well.
AIM: To determine the effect of a methanolic extract of Withania somnifera (L.) Dunal roots on sexual competence of male rats. METHODS: Male rats were orally administered 3000 mg.kg-1.day-1 of root extract for 7 days. Their sexual behaviour was evaluated 7 days prior to treatment, day 3 and 7 of treatment, and day 7, 14 and 30 post-treatment by pairing each male with a receptive female. RESULTS: The root extract induced a marked impairment in libido, sexual performance, sexual vigour, and penile erectile dysfunction. These effects were partly reversible on cessation of treatment. These antimasculine effects are not due to changes in testosterone levels or toxicity but may be attributed to hyperprolactinemic, GABAergic, serotonergic or sedative activities of the extract. CONCLUSION: Use of W. somnifera roots may be detrimental to male sexual competence.
Tie a square knot below the fused glass bead on both sides of the string. Allow about a 1-inch tail for each end of the string.
Drifting competitions are judged based on line, angle, speed, amount of smoke, and show factor. Line involves taking the correct line, which is usually announced beforehand by judges. The show factor is based on multiple things, such as the amount of smoke, how close the car is to the wall or designated clipping point, and the crowd's reaction. Angle is the angle of a car in a drift, speed is the speed entering a turn, the speed through a turn, and the speed exiting the turn; faster is better.
Hence the four and a half hour drive, on a filthy rainy friday night. It's been delayed and postponed, until at last, most of her family could get together to say goodbye... again.
XOX Sharilyn
Michigan – A Vision of Murder by Victoria Laurie
Gran, my uncle who lives down the road, and myself all went out for tea at the pub (bangers and mash, bien sur), I struggled with law and order in small village England - two different shops refused to sell me rolling papers. The second one was in a petrol station, and when I was refused since I had no ID on me, I leant on the counter, smirked knowingly at the shop girl, sniggered, rolled my eyes, nodded my head towards Gran who was coming in to pay for the petrol, and said "Well, I'll just have to get my Gran to buy them then, won't I?", to which the girl told me she would then have to refuse my Gran. Uhhhh-----whaaaat? My gran was fuming and I could see she was about to embark on the trusty old war path, so quickly huddled her out. She was even more pissed off than I was. In the end, I old her I'd just have to use her St John's Bible paper to roll, she nearly had a bloody heart attack.
The woman had recently sold the car on Craig’s List for cash, and had no receipt or name of the buyer. But she did have a phone number.
bcz she is my mother!
We need to get out from under the idea that the only way to succeed in life is to go to college and earn a degree- it will only cause financial issues and will NOT guarantee a high-paying career in the field studied at school.
-tweet about it or
Black long sleeve top - H & M
Your big toe affliction.
Certainly, no one can condone or excuse this kind of behavior; however, it may be wise to not underestimate the fury that can come from quiet desperation. Perhaps, the next time we ask someone how they are we should take the time to actually find out.
Addison sat for a few minutes and pouted, that is until she saw someone she recognized. It was Reggie, the gardener from the manor. Bolting from her seat, Addison ran up to his car as he stopped at a red light. She jumped in the passenger seat, scaring Reggie.
Public Transport: The idea of being able to get around is a good one. In South Africa, if you do not own a vehicle, or have access to wheels, you’re screwed. There is no public transport infrastructure that is reliable or safe. In the developed world, a car is really optional (and cheap). I can pick up a 2001 ‘skadonk‘ in Britain right now for under £400 (less than R5000) - it’ll be in decent condition, and will not fall apart on you. Cars are optional because there are buses, trains and minicabs/taxis everywhere - and they are affordable. In SA, I made the mistake of taking a taxi from Fourways to Honeydew, and spitting out nearly R300 for the privilege. Restrictively expensive, and unmetered so there is no real recourse. In the UK I can buy a bus pass, giving me unlimited travel in a region for a specified period. Basic services that we took for granted in the UK - we only missed them when they weren’t there.
Who is this dark, mysterious, sympathetic guy, barely older than Emerson herself, who seems to believe every crazy word she says? Why does an electric charge seem to run through the room whenever he’s around? And why is he so insistent that he needs her help to prevent a death that never should have happened?
We got back on track just in time to see that QVC has once again failed to send us an important press release. The channel’s longtime head of affiliate sales is retiring and is being succeeded by a young whippersnapper.
Surgeon Cut Off Testicle 'By Mistake' At Bury Hospital
there are times when i realize that something has "gotta give"...and lately, writing a post for my blog has been that thing to "give". i guess at the end of the day, i don't want to feel like i HAVE to write a post. i want to WANT to write a post. i want to be excited about what i share with you.
Adhesive: Beacon Adhesive: ZipDry, Stampin' UP! (glue dots and dimensionals)
All you NYC locals, keep us posted!
Monday brought more of the same but contractions were pretty uncomfortable. They got painful as I was trying to get to bed! Remember, I hadn't slept in 2 days at this point and Ryan and I had gone for 2 mile walks twice a day since Saturday! Oh, and of course we tried almost every other known labor inducer there is (ahem).
Marisa at Stylebeat was kind enough to whip up a list of the up and coming Kips Bay design roster, and a roster it is! So may talented designers in one house––I'm going to have to figure out when I can go to New York and immerse myself in this particular showhouse when it opens––IN OCTOBER!! **They have 2 months to implement their designs!!! I would totally have a panic attack. I can't even think about it without my throat clenching up! Aaaack!
And he looks so cute (all night long)
Gillette used to run a commercial for Dry deodorant and it always ended with the catchphrase: Never let them see you sweat.
ALL pictures here, are copyright, and belong to their rightful owners i.e. those who TOOK the photographs. Some are mine, some belong to friends. If anyone wishes to use these photos - particularly the last one - I would ask that they have the courtesy to first email me before doing so.
I hardly ever write a post that is really just to get you to look at someone else's post. But that's what I'm doing today.
ubiquitous here as in American cityscapes.
The Guardian this week carried a devastating piece from Amelia Gentleman, who takes on long, complex investigations on the lives of the poor and is probably the best argument for staying with the paper. Trekking around the streets of Newham with a housing enforcement team, Gentleman found people living in sheds and freezers, and three-storey HMOs that sleep fifteen. For me it’s refreshing to see the council trying to crack down on this problem – having dealt with local government so long, it’s great to see a team I’d be proud to serve – but the general impact of her piece is shocking and depressing.
To the population,
Guinsoo: Xypherous.
The Origin of the Ear According to Evolutionists
Shipping charges will apply and are not subject to the discount.
if it weren't for the sofa & well, the surgery it could almost be a vacation.
I play a cleric in Carter's Lands of Ara campaign, and Cleric is a class that back in the olden days always seemed fairly lame. Not really a super Fighter, not really a great Magic-user. Maybe with the passage of years I've figured out the mechanics that make a B/X/LL Cleric pretty awesome. Maybe I've figured out that in real life I generally act like a Cleric without meaning to. That's just how I behave. But what is it that I'm trying to do for rest of the team?
filled with the smell of itself, relaxed, its steamy breath
.....I like ellipses..... o_O
The rest of ICDT, despite our collective shoegaze boner, really doesn't dig Ride. This disappoints me. Sure, they were more a guitar-heavy pop band than a true "shoegaze" band, but that doesn't mean that they weren't capable of some great sounds. "Dreams Burn Down" is six minutes of desperately wishing that things will work out, anchored by some of the most manic and noisy riffing on the group's breakthrough Nowhere record.
But even authors with excellent spelling and decent grammar need some kind of outside editing to help them focus their story, particularly if they are new to writing, and quite often when they’re old hands. I’m not saying you need to empty your savings account and employ a professional editor (though this is of course the ideal situation). But your manuscript should at least have been critiqued and read by somebody other than you and your mum. If you’ve worked on it during a writing course, for example, or swapped it with writing buddy you trust, then it might be ready. Might. Remember why you’re doing this. How confident are you that your book is not only in a publishable state, but good enough not to make a fool of itself (and therefore you) alongside the more professional books in the market?
Mark Meadows (REP) 41.75% 1,808
Attendees will come away with: 5 common mistakes and how to avoid them, 5 ‘must have’ shots at the ceremony and 5 ways to make the video interesting. Easy tips and tricks will also be discussed, such as the single most important tip of how to frame an image, 4 ways to hold a camera steady, how to record sound and how to choose the best (unobtrusive) angles.
Your lips sneered at us both. Your nose was a glaring mess. It reminded me of your past you cannot sunder yourself from; your open secret you cannot conceal. It wasn't until I drew your tangled locks that I gave up.
Mr Edwards said: “A bodybuilder’s diet is high in protein and because their metabolism will be firing, their muscles will be quickly replenished with proteins and other nutrients to help them grow and recover.”
inner space of the soul contains not only individual memories but the intelligible truths that are common to all minds, including “the Truth by which all things are true” . . . as Augustine put it. . . God is the “unchangeable Truth that contains everything that is unchangeably true” which is another way of saying God is the eternal mind. . . So this inner world of memory that Augustine treats . . . is not an absolutely private space. Not only does God see all that is within the soul . . . but his presence within each soul is the same divine light that inwardly illuminates every soul . . . (3)
After meeting my family for breakfast and with the post-run energy coursing through my blood, I asked my daughter if she wanted to go on a hike with me. She has grown so fast and walking and talking with her now is like talking to a friend. We stopped to rest (more for me than for her) at the top of a climb and we looked down at a large hawk perched on top of a tree. We sat there, talking and waiting for the hawk to take off. The wind picked up and as Sophie asked me when the hawk was going to fly, it spread its huge brown and white wings and caught a breeze, floating up on the current, soft, effortless. We both stood there, amazed. I have never seen a hawk fly from above, and it was so beautiful. It banked against the side of the hill we were on, then wings spread wide, it soared directly over our heads, so close that I felt that if I jumped I might be able to touch it with the tips of my fingers. My daughter gasped and I just stood there, grateful for the moment and the opportunity to see this beautiful bird so close, so free, and floating in the wind.
of winning the fabulous Teddy Bo 10, your choice of 10 Teddy Bo digi images,
Step4
Sadly, there could be only one winner - but why not pop over to
I got a 4.
As I reported in the previous part of this series, published here on 5th August, the HDC never published any accounts in the 5 years of its existence. It goes even further, since the NHA’s accounts for the period 2002 to 2004 have only recently been prepared. I am reliably informed that they are soon to be signed and published.
So I put my foot in a walking boot and bought crutches. Having never used them before, I had no idea how hard using your arms and one leg for locomotion was. I lost 5 pounds and had to stop wearing my usual long-sleeved shirt and neck tie. Forget the white doctor’s coat, that was like working in a sauna.
I really love coffee table books, especially Design Books. Many times this is what I turn to for inspiration for a design project (and my coveted collection of magazines, but that's another story!) When I was in Atlanta at Market, I made sure to sit in on a couple of talks and book signings. One was with Brooke and Steve Gianetti from Velvet and Linen. They just published a book called Patina Style, the photos are AMAZING. and Steve takes most of the photos himself. This dynamic Duo was just a treat to listen too...and I of course got my book signed.
Only this time, wearing a gorgeous black Gucci cloak.
You can buy these twisted tau kee from any vegetarian food supplier. I got mine from the Kepong Baru Wet Market in Kuala Lumpur.
"What is that? Some kind of...some kind of picnic blanket? Ha ha ha!"
Devising a Battle Plan
It started with market-led interventions in education. Lower socio economic groups both underperform educationally and are underrepresented in the best schools. A Conservative solution? Expand the academy and the free schools programs. Why? Because, as they have the most to gain, it will be disadvantaged and minority communities that will make the most out of these opportunities for more freedom in the setting up and running of schools.
Oh look its Harry Potter and he’s all grown up. Hmm horror, yeah right, I’m sure this trailer is going to be nothing but eye candy for all the girls out there. (Clicks on trailer and after two minutes.) Holy damn is this trailer bloody creepy. Fine you win this round Mr Potter.
- But do bring evidence. The Wikileaks/AIDS thing? Not a scrap. Nothing. My point was this: If this news had been in there, and there was proof that one of the most devastating diseases of our time was a man made atrocity, wouldn’t the media have picked up on it? If you can’t evidence a claim like that, you’re going to get laughed at. I am going to ask where your tinfoil hat is.
Thank goodness for half-price sales! I met the Well-Planned Day planner and for the first time I felt like I had a shot at this scheduling and logging business. It wasn’t smooth sailing right away. In fact, the first year I used the planner I know I use it to it’s potential, nor this year either. But here’s what it has done for me. The Well-Planned Day planner has gotten me on the right track to getting organized, developing a workable schedule and keeping a good routine.
That’s something I’ve learned from blogging, actually. It amazes me still when I write something on one of my blogs and somebody from Italy or someplace “likes” it! It amazes me that I might have something to say that somebody halfway around the world might think is interesting – interesting enough, for a moment, to hit that little button. It’s given me a lot of respect for the power of digital media. Having started the blogs only a few weeks before publishing my first novel, I think that’s a perspective that would have saved me some publishing grief.
I'm begining work on de-cluttering the bathroom. I have made great strides in orgainzing the bathroom. Awhile back I redid the whole closet to look like this:
St. Nick was good to the kids this year already (December 6th). Sash's ornament is a ballerina. Meiners' a Power Ranger. Pooks = Elphaba (The Wicked Witch of the West) and T's was the golden snitch (a nod to Harry Potter).
The top twenty is full of british woman which makes a massive change to former years lists.
But I hate you, landlord.
You have the phone number for the police memorized because you use it so often.
Lord, make me an instrument of Thy peace;
One of my favourite things is walking to Causeway Bay after work to catch my bus home. Often I have a look in the shops but it feels awesome because A- work has finished and B- it's the realisation that I am back in my favourite city. I love people watching when I am waiting for my bus. We live on the 24th floor of the apartment building, which is different to life back in the UK! My aunt's Japanese colleague helped her buy some Matcha Green Tea Kit Kats, a real treat because these are only available in Japan. The centre image is a random side street in Hong Kong, high rises, bright lights, taxis and people. Next is some yummy hot and sour soup which I had for lunch at another Shanghainese restaurant. So good!
2. a personal standard, attitude, or philosophy that demands perfection and rejects anything less. (Dictionary.com)
As was Dorothea Jordan. She was most miffed to have missed the opportunity of seeing Mrs Siddons in 1811:
What do I put on my sell sheet?
It has been in all conversations since the mortgage meltdown that someone, somewhere should have been made more responsible with the origination of mortgage loans. I think we all agree that yes, there should have been more advanced scrutiny for the originating lender or originator of the loan, which included the vast number of SubPrime lenders and the investors who bought these loan, those Wall Street Investors and buyers. Instead of course, Fannie and Freddie decided they would join in and wanted to take a piece of the risky loans also, or should we say the $ of profit from higher interest rate mortgages which were risky to begin with. I could go back a few years and tell you exactly what some of these risky loans were but you can review yourself. Of course we know that instead of accountability; there was a flux of guidelines which helped the agencies to profit like the 'bad' guys who took the heat. Oh, let's not leave out FHA. They also changed some of their guidelines. That is facts not fiction.
Myths and truths about the 1960′s. Peering through the rosy-tinted mists of time at an iconic decade.
SIOUX FALLS SD
it’s hard to feel what I feel inside
Authorities say the 20-year-old Jamaican forced his way past security check points and seized the CanJet Airlines plane late Sunday night. He quickly released all the passengers and two crew members, but six crew members were held at gunpoint hours longer.
“Those construction workers, laborers holding work permits will not immigrate as they just want to earn more money and return home. Only highly educated talents will consider immigration. ICA should spell out the criteria clearly. Which type of people has no hope? What are the reasons for an application being rejected?”
They're probably just as amazing on their own, but the cream cheese frosting just made it that much better. I used to think the CC frosting was something that worked on a good day and missed on another, but you just need to go at it until it clicks and then you're set.
The Kit provides useful tools and information to help households understand and measure how they
“Our role historically has been someone reactionary in dealing with race, color, national origin matters,” Harris said in an interview last month. “Now we have more of a preventative role.”
GOP operatives are not completely convinced the man has the discipline to stand up to Mitt Romney, especially since his first appearance ended with the arrival of the police, and repeated taserings. But Bryan Morris, political science professor at Yale thinks he represents the last, best hope core conservatives have of winning.
Poems are made by fools like me
On Sunday, April, 15, 2012, I woke up to an email from Southwest Airlines. I was supposed to be heading back to St. Louis from Detroit on flight 1276. My flight was to depart from DTW at 7:05 PM and arrive at 7:50 PM, but the email advised that my flight was to be delayed. The new scheduled departure time was now 8:35 PM with an arrival time of 9:10 PM. I looked at the email and reread it several times not quite understanding something about it. I mean I understood that the flight was delayed and I would be leaving later, but I think I could not wrap my mind around it because Southwest had never ever delayed a flight I was going to be on.
God Save the Queen
Sassy
is there someone
So make sure you live it right
Nevins cringed when asked about this event. “That was an incident where no one was at their best,” he acknowledged. “It was a very painful moment.”
Movie- Toy Story, Smurf
paper: choice snow white (taylored expressions), stella & rose hattie (my mind's eye)
We left the party and went to a bowling alley/bar right by our house to have a few beers and to mingle with the locals. It was fun to talk to people from the neighborhood and they made us promise we would come back (I’m sure we will). They even said we could bring Jay and Elle and to stop by if we were out for a walk. It was a fun casual atmosphere with good people.
Surrogacy involves a woman (the surrogate) agreeing to bear a child, and subsequently to surrender that child to be brought up by a person or persons other than herself.
Friday: This was actually my last day at my school foodservice management rotation. The day was pretty uneventful and I didn’t do anything that night. I actually overslept a little in the morning and didn’t get a chance to run again. I planned to do an hour of yoga when I got home (I really want to try to incorporate yoga into my weekly exercise routine) but when I got home I was starving..and I figured I may as well just take an entire rest day and vegJ Which ended up being a nice Idea anyway. I packed up that night too because my next internship rotation is in a nursing home in my hometown so I will be living at home for three weeks!
Ally Sheedy (Man's Best Friend)
But really... I am an amateur. I went to a Catholic law school where I knew all 300 students names, and yet I get about 15 blog hits a day. Sometimes my wife doesn't even read my blog. So I definitely think that makes me an amateur. On top of that, I really like the colors of the logo, and think they would look nice on my site.
TouchArt One Earth Bottle Home will be simple, sustainable and inexpensive to build and easy for our families to operate and maintain.
After all this is over with next Saturday night, try to come back here Saturday afternoon and we will be back with our "sneak peeks" if you can guess the challenge for next Sunday just from the sneak peeks, you could win a digi of choice from the store :)...
It was difficult to come up with a “Q” movie in my time frame, as well as one that I had seen. Then I remembered this one. I didn’t see the 1958 version of The Quiet American when I was 18, but I did see the remake of it in 2002 that starred Michael Caine who is one of my favorite actors.
I'm glad to be back to knitting mittens for those in need again. It does a soul good to be a help to others.
home and a little clean up and then Mr. Wonderful arrives home from golf~
As the vital purpose of Source
This is happening in ALL white countries and ONLY white countries.
IKEA DID A JOB ON YOU:
- The recipe as I baked it at the end of this post.
The daughter who plays a pretty mean game of basketball,
I should have ironed the hem before taking pics. Oops.
Good morning, chickens.
In hindsight, it is thought he may have had a role in gaining access to tape recordings made by the NIA, that showed Ngcuka, now a private citizen, was still playing a role in the prosecution of Zuma.
I will take suggestions for 2012, but for some reason a Fast & Furious-a-thon is sounding like a potential change of pace.
Build a city with block or Lego's
My knees haven’t been to happy with this, though. They have been sore to the point where kneeling on the floor is very uncomfortable. Not painful, just uncomfortable. But I found the answer to that in a book I’m reading.
So I dish out the hare masale ka pulao along with the saag ka raita and hand it over to my son. As he comes back for seconds, he says, “Dad, this is great but could you please call it ‘green herb and summer vegetable risotto with baby spinach, shredded coconut and buttermilk relish’!!
This time I only went with Mr Panda aka Riku Renaissance for 4 days and 3 nights. Unlucky us, all 3 days we were there, it was pouring like mad if not drizzling. We even experienced a bad bad weather when we were at Danshui. It was probably more scary for us since we have never in our life experienced such a thing. But it was interesting nevertheless~ ^^
Children are to obey their parents, as long as their parents are asking them to do things within the limits of the Word of God. If your father or mother orders you to steal or murder, then you do not have to obey them because you must be obedient to the clear teaching of the Word of God. The same applies to wives being submissive to their husbands.
even in knowing it was not
Susie Homemaker
Not this year. This year it has been hard; a period of pain and tears and physiotherapy. (The tears have not all belonged to Eldest.)
Speaking of, usage notes and register labels can also challenge the lexicographer. If you can believe it, cusswords can be incredibly nuanced. If that sounds like a ludicrous statement, please get up from your computer, find a 13-year-old, and ask them to explain the difference between “fucker,” “motherfucker,” and “mofo” to you. (Here I must tell you that the manifold glories of the F-bomb have been covered by Jesse Sheidlower in his book, The F-word, which any scholar of dirty language or ironic hipster will want to own. Now you, too, can impress a lexicographer or a 13-year-old!) Lexicographers have different usage labels for the naughty words–my company uses vulgar and obscene–but sussing out which label to give a particular sense comes only with practice. My own, admittedly imperfect, litmus test for picking a word’s label: if I were to use this word in a sentence around my dad’s ironworker buddies and they respond with “fuck yeah!”, it’s vulgar. If I were to use this word in a sentence around my dad’s ironworker buddies and they respond by hollering, “Hey, watch your fucking mouth!”, it’s obscene. To add to the confusion, there are always–ALWAYS–citations that use naughty words in ways that are neither vulgar nor obscene. I swear, about 40% of the words in Trainspotting are variations on “fuck,” but only a handful of them are lexically vulgar or obscene: most of them are just used, as we say in the biz, “for intensity.” By page 6, you don’t even notice them anymore.
11So the responsible men and all the people of our country said to us, Take food with you for the journey and go to them, and say to them, We are your servants: so now make an agreement with us.
The Final Solution, Michael Chabon
-Assisted as a course marshal after I finished
Acts 9:7-8
Outside of Betty Page videos, it was Pulp Fiction what started it all. With Ving Rhames, Bruce Willis and a gimp, it's a remarkable scene. It takes Pulp Fiction in directions anew, and would be endlessly ripped off and homaged for years to come. It catapulted the ball gag into the mainstream (for want of a better word. I hesitate to call Pulp Fiction's Indie crime thriller properly mainstream). Still, Pulp Fiction spoofs aside, all was quiet for the ball gag for a good few years. Sure, it popped up in the likes of The Simpsons (!) and the occasional horror flick (namely shit like Candyman 3), but Hollywood wasn't too sure what to do with it just yet.
I was fairly amazed at the nasty personal reply he posted, accusing me of "mocking his music". (Oh purleeeeze let's not play the "sensitive little soul" over this). Letting me know that as I was in my fifties I should know better - whatever that means. So I told him he'd completely missed the point and left it at that. But he wouldn't give up so, in the end I told him I wouldn't be replying to his posts anymore. He then apologised.
I thought “You must be kiddin’ me?
I do realize that if we’re going to keep our fresh fire and energy and vision, we must have the protection of prayer. A spiritual battle rages between the forces of heaven and hell, and we can’t afford to enter the fight without committed prayer warriors encircling us. Everyone who wants to make a lasting difference for Christ and his kingdom has to find a way to buildand maintain an effective prayer covering. Failure in ministry can often be traced to failure to create an active, unified prayer team. When we disregard or neglect the crucial place of group prayer, we allow our blind spots to continue to plague and injure us. With a committed prayer team laboring for and with us, however, we tap into the infinite power of God. We begin to see his mind and his will with increasing clarity. We feel his heartbeat with growing certainty.
He winched as his touched his arm. It was dark and I knew the severity of beating must have crossed it’s limits this time. Raging from with in I drew him close. In silence a thousand tales of sorrow, pain, shame and hurt flooded down his cheeks.
How cool is she??? The sad thing is that I don't really know that I will even dress up this year because Oscar is working on that saturday. I may just carve pumpkins and watch horror movies. I never get trick or treaters, which is sad. We shall see though!
His family said in a statement that Haw died on Saturday morning in Germany, where he was being treated for lung cancer.
It’s festive everywhere. So is our home. Here is a collection of pictures of the Christmas decoration in our house. When we lived in a two bedroom apartment back in the States, our place looked very crowded with Christmas decoration, but now in a much bigger space in a house, I feel like I hardly have enough as they are all spread out… I have an excuse to buy more. Yes!
Famous for their secrecy and their very high net worth customers, Swiss baking conjures up all sorts of images of deposit boxes stuffed full of gold bars and secret plans. From a business perspective this seems as good a place as any to assume that transaction processing is a key part of core business.
Puget Energy, Inc., Alternative Energy Deals By Type, 2006 to YTD 2012 6
"Which are you?" she asked her daughter. "When adversity knocks on your door, how do you respond? Are you a carrot, an egg, or a coffee bean?"
I have been invited back next year in May, which will make it the fourth time I have shown there.
I was looking for a place to have a simple and quick meal when I found Ah Shun Siew Char Food Stall tucked in the middle of Desa Aman Puri Food Court. This food court used to be packed with patrons when it first opened a few years back but now business is kind of slow. I guess there are too many food stalls in this area and the competition must have been really stiff. I noticed that Ah Shun stall has a steady stream of diners coming in.
Me: (stubborn tone) I didn't apologise (sulks).
Beat the eggs, yoghurt, and cheese. Snip the fresh herbs into the mixture.
The joy I felt that day was intense. It was easily as intense as all the pain I had felt each day that he had not responded.
The fisherman nodded. There was no way he was telling them he had caught it in his own net. Officer Yadav went over the story one more time, told the fisherman to ‘stay around’ and set up his team for the investigation. Investigation of the un-identified body under the ITO Bridge, over Yamuna River.
Wednesday, November 9th – Scholastic Book Orders Due
To me, and I realize I’ll piss many people off by saying this, the MOST important thing that can happen:
It’s about Medical Need – whether you have a million dollars or one dollar in the bank, ADP is only concerned about your medical requirements. Typically, ADP funds 75% of the cost of your device however, if you are on ODSP, have benefits from Ontario Works or coverage through Assistance to Children with Severe Disabilities, you may be eligible for more funding. ADP however, does not provide funding for equipment covered by WSIB or Veteran’s Affairs Canada – Group A. If you’ve already accessed ADP funding in the past, ADP may provide new equipment if your old device is worn out or if your condition has changed. In some cases there may be deduction on how much ADP will cover.
Location: Storrs, CT
2. More than Words Can Say
10 Fleet Foxes – Sun It Rises
Vegan Likes: Carrots, frozen peas, nooch, the occasional bell pepper
1. These are the worst ads ever shown on Australian television - what nonsense. What about the Coles ad where Normie Rowe tries to sing a version of one of his old songs only minutes after having had a stroke? Or the ones where two prostitutes try to out-strumpet one another by doing Darth Vader impersonations and talking about tattoos in their respective underpantal regions?
I remember feeling rather miffed that someone who had such radical ideas when she was younger should denounce women of a certain age, almost subscribing to the stereotype after all. Although at the time I was already on the brink of middle age myself I was still full of frantic enthusiasm and energy and the idea of growing anything (other than the occasional houseplant) seemed totally alien. I was sure it would never happen to me.
A. school bullies
I was so heartbroken.
When we don’t feel we have the right to take up space in a meeting or conversation, or when we are nervous, we tend to rush, and never leave a moment without words. Brief pauses between your sentences connote confidence and a sense of comfort in the role of speaker. They allow the listener to absorb what you are saying and give you a moment to gather a deep breath and collect your thoughts.
The article notes that the music stored on computers and iPods is compressed. The amount of data in the original recording is reduced so as to speed up download times and to allow more songs to be stored on the device. Compression "shrinks the size of the files, eliminating some of the sounds and range contained on a CD."
calls me
The marvelous aroma follows though going down with good hoppy bitterness that lingers coupled with a smooth mouth-feel thanks to the malts used in this brew. Great finish too leaves me reaching for the glass again for another hypnotizing hop hit!
The President of the Republic might call for a referendum on important issues which affect the higher interests of the country. The result of the referendum shall be binding and come into force as of the date of its announcement; and it shall be published by the President of the Republic.
Perhaps Michael Sayeau is right when he writes in the Guardian that the picture of Occupy that emerges from this book is a little too educated, too well-argued and too clear to do justice to the more prevalent attitudes of confusion, anger and irrationality. Personally I'd like see the best qualities of Occupy be saved for next generations rather than the mediocre ones. Another criticism one could give about this book is that it is too busy conveying the excitement, adventure and, later, the daily sorrows of camping out that it fails to properly address it's goals, aims and experiences as a protest. Which is a way of saying that Occupy is just another middle class vehicle for personal growth. There may be a point and maybe not; if the citing of violence is the way the 'system' tries to discredit a protest movement, calling everybody who appears to be slightly better of then you 'middle class' is the surest way for protest movements to discredit each other.
Well across the nation one of the top victims of this transition has been black radio. All in all there are fewer black owned stations than ever before. The largest black owner of black radio is the Radio One group. They currently own a respectable 51 radio stations, in addition to TV One and some other entities of black interest. Compare that to Clear Channel which owns over 800 stations, including black formatted radio station in Detroit, Philadelphia and Chicago. To them, passion for the community gives way to focusing on the dollars. As a veteran of this corporation, I can tell you that, if your favorite “Tom Joyner” station is under performing from an ad sales standpoint, it will soon exit stage left for an AC station that will be playing Barry Manilow, Shania Twain and Norah Jones in a hot minute.
I have to act for another day.
sorry for the lack of posting this past month....
Little people know what counts.
Even by themselves there are so many stories in the Bible that are beautiful that alone they capture the world’s attention. Yet, put them back into the context from where they came, and they come alive all the more.
78. Tightrope
3. In case you just stumbled across my blog (lucky you) I'll give a quick precursor to #3. We moved to a small town a year ago and hubs started a used car business. We are equally blessed and thankful that the community has embraced us and the business has taken off. Unfortunately that took my willy nilly part time involvement in the business to a full time status. (Cutting out way too much of my goof off time!) Now, hubs got a taste of this entrepreneur stuff and got all crazy, bidding on an auction of 150 FEMA trailers. Now we all work 900 hours a week. Again, we have been blessed and the customers are coming out of the woodwork to get these travel trailers. That is the main reason I am MIA. I will have to devote a post to the trailers... fun times! (P.S. if you are in the West TX vicinity and need a TT give me a shout.)
Homeless, we moved in with family. This went on for almost a year. We went back to our old school. Then, we moved to a remote town where our parents bought a house. We changed schools again. The drug use escalated. Our parents met a dealer within a day of moving.
Encourage your friends and family by sharing this article and invite others to subscribe to TrueheartWrites. Want to reprint the article? Sure, please feel free to forwardTrueheartWrites to friends and colleagues, but please forward in its entirety. TrueheartWrites is written and distributed by TrueheartSpeaks Enterprises.
* great for kids
A year to the day since the voucher was purchased and after four other attempts to get up in the sky, we finally hit gold and made our way to Worcester Race course in the early dawn hours of last weekend. The ground was crunchy underfoot, the field we arrived in had a thick layer of mist floating just above it and the sun was just about to rise.
I waved it away, told her it would be fine.
One of the poems that first brought Wilson to my attention was his poem “Dreamboys.” This poem first appeared in the literary magazine Rattle I was truly impressed at the way that he rewrote Theodore Roethke’s "My Papa’s Waltz" with an energy as compressed as Yusef Komunyakaa or Heather McHugh. In the first three tercets of the poem, he manages to reference both the Roethke poem and the musical Dreamgirls, adding an explicit queer matrix to the former through the latter.
The WORD says… Life doesn’t consist in what you possess (Luke 12:15).
“Also, since this area is outside your jurisdiction and judging by Daryl’s panic to get us here I can only assume a power greater than you commissioner has asked for us. Am I correct?“
“What am I, some kind of child?” I wondered. “I know how to brush my own damn teeth.”
Mix nuts, grains and all other ingredients except fresh fruit/yogurt in a medium bowl. Store in airtight container. When ready to serve, chop up a cup or so of fresh fruit per person (apple is really good here), top with as much yogurt as you like (I use about 1/2 cup), and add muesli mix (I use about 1/4 cup as I’m watching calories). Drizzle with about a teaspoon of honey if desired and stir.
Bonnie Kaye, M.Ed.
I have set up a Facebook page. (I can’t believe it but it is necessary.) The page can be viewed at www.Facebook.com, look for and “friend” “Foreclosure Strategist.”
I'm now doing 50 minutes to an hour and 15 minutes everyday. Soon I will be super strong. :)
One hundred percent of all writer royalties for this book will be paid directly into the bank account of Japan America Society of Southern California, which has already raised more than $1 million for the relief effort.
People used to be ashamed. Today a woman has eight children with eight different 'husbands' - or men or whatever you call them now.
Jesus!
The very existence of a mermaid is a result of magic. No other means could create a being that is half fish and half human. So when we look at a mermaid, we see a creature born of magic, full of magic, and in possession of magic. Their ability to change forms, to shed their tailfin in favor of human legs, means they could be walking among us right now and we'd never know. Don't we all wish the reverse were also true, that, with a little dust of magic, we could shed our human legs and dive into the sea, breathe water, and swim ... everywhere?
Impulses pulse together
A mouth-watering title-deciding clash is in prospect at the Etihad as the best home record in the league goes up against the best away record.
He goes down pretty much instantly.
…She then said: “On December 31, 2008, I withdrew an account which had matured on December 31, 2008″. Since then, Express investigations have discovered that Nunez-Tesheira had (not one) but two accounts with CIB, which matured (not on December 31) but was due to mature in April and August 2009 respectively. And she applied on December 30 to break these two deposits.
Suddenly a voice boomed, filling the cavernous chamber. Sharia was shaken by the sound, reverberating through the underground expanse to slam into her from above, below, and all sides. She staggered back another step and watched with disbelief as the corpse rose up off the slab, dropping bits of matter even as the tendrils of silt began twining up the floating body while it tilted to an upright posture.
The mundane patter Veronica Sawyer takes part in with her parents (William Cort and Jennifer Rhodes) out on the patio never fails to amuse me. Mr. Sawyer: "Goddamn, will somebody please tell me why I read these spy novels?" Veronica: "Because you're an idiot." Mr. Sawyer: "Oh, yeah, that's it." Mrs. Sawyer: "You two..."
Those who believe say: “Why is not a Surah (Chapter the Qur’an) sent down (for us)?” But when a decisive Surah (explaining and ordering things) is sent down, and fighting (Jihad-holy fighting in Allah’s Cause) is mentioned (i.e. ordained) therein, you will see those in whose hearts there is a disease (of hypocrisy) looking at you with a look of one fainting to death. But it was better for them (hypocrites, to listen to Allah and to obey Him). Obedience (to Allah) and good words (were better for them) (V.47:20,21).
Gets stuck in maws, makes throats constrict around joyful song.
I saw you as if for the first time
May 12 –Entity Election Day
“What do they call grown-ups who take care of cubs?”
Good Monday Morning,
OK so I feel like my train of thought for this post totally derailed.... so you see what I mean.... OK I need to go do something now.
The incidence of crime in the United States is an affront to our national conscience and cannot be ignored. Millions of Americans experience violent or property crime victimization every year, and still more are impacted as they help a loved one in their hour of need. Sadly, children, seniors, persons with disabilities, immigrants, and traditionally underserved communities continue to experience disproportionately high rates of victimization. Moreover, women suffer the vast majority of intimate partner violence, sexual assault, and rape. These outcomes are deplorable, and we must come together to build communities where all people have the opportunity to live in safety and security.
I originally wanted to go with all Calcutta marble so that the counters would continue into the backsplash like these inspiration pics. I love that the marble is both very graphic and calming at the same time, but it just seemed a little too overdone for our kitchen and would probably end up more expensive than planned.
For a man of advancing years he sure can shift!
No one could describe Ferne’s extraordinary charisma although everyone spoke about it. Even Katie Lee, who at the age of 60 had a great deal of flamboyant charisma and eloquence, was flummoxed. The best she came up with was,
In July, he and fellow Stanford professor Peter Norvig invited all comers to enrol in their artificial intelligence course at the Californian university, which they would teach rather than just offer passive online study. They had 160,000 enrolments, nearly three times greater than total enrolments at Monash University, Australia’s largest.
(more details will be forthcoming). We recommend starting with a new ablum as 2011 will be a new story to tell.
Just last week, the House Republicans took money from the Prevention and Public Health Fund to pay for keeping the interests rates low on student loans BECAUSE – ‘it has to be paid for’.
This is the second of several chapters in which we are investigating the SPI data bus, and how we can control devices using it with our Arduino systems. If you have not done so already, please read part one of the SPI articles. Again we will learn the necessary theory, and then apply it by controlling a variety of devices. As always things will be kept as simple as possible.
Posted by Justin "The Claw" at 10:41 AM 0 comments
He mishears the English and thinks she entrusted something to the kid and she teases him about being an Executive Director of a world-class hotel but he’s unfamiliar at the mention of a foreign name. He insists that he’s not ignorant as he studied the arts too. He says that Tan Ya could classify it as music. He was very passionate about a lot things when he was younger. I don’t know if Tan Ya’s seeing him in a new light but his character has evolved yet again for me.
A bridge burns…
I started depositing online, just small amounts $10-50 and quickly busted a few times. Then as i progressed, although i was still absolutely ****ing terrible, i started to run rolls up from those small deposits to $200-400 and then busting them when getting pissed.
www.guptaghost.com/verses/
And here I am at nearly 7am, about 7 hours after I met him, blogging about a cute guy that I just met and have no idea whether I'm going to see him again.
Anyways, yayyy it's Thursday & only one more day until the weekend woo woo. What are everyone's plans? Anything exciting? I love Thursdays because the weekend is so close and 2 of my fave shows- Grey's Anatomy & Private Practice come on! Since I am an old fart now & no longer in college, Thursday nights are no longer the best night to go out :( Me & hangovers just don't mix. I literally will be completely worthless the next day to the point where I don't get out of bed until about dinner time sooo on that note my favorite thing to do on a Thursday night now-a-days is cook a good dinner with my honey buns, open a bottle of red & watch shows. If he is over I can't watch my shows because he refuses to watch them so we have to compromise on a movie or something else we both like. But if he is not over you better believe I am in my pj's having a girls night by my lonesome lol. Unlike some people I actually really enjoy time to myself. Not saying I don't like to hang with my bff's or Chris but everyone needs those nights to watch girly shoes, paint their nails, do some laundry & maybe even shed some tears watching these shows haha. Don't judge me. I heard a rumor the other day that Katherine Heigl (aka Izzy) wants to come back to Grey's. I really hope she does, she was my fave & she just disappeared. That was a sad day. Dang she's pretty
Happy stamping your Back to School Something!
My heart races. I don’t want to leave. I can’t do this again! The transition rips what I was from what I will be.
“It’s not like we had a choice, T.J. We either figured it out or we died.” (Anna)
It seems that Tony Blair faces a recall to the Chilcot Inquiry into the Iraq war, as it appears that Blair's recent memoirs highlight "inconsistencies" with the evidence he gave to the inquiry during his last appearance.
VI) Criticisms on the Completion Quality of His Latter Films and His Answer
However, the Pyroviles may only have had this form since they took over the bodies of Humans.
In the end, this story is a suspenseful tale of infiltration and rebellion that will not let you go until the very last page.
Over coffee and tea in the new roof-top cafe with stunning harbour views, Jeffrey Masson asked me to recount Christian’s story to his sons. I would have preferred to hear more from him – he gave me tantalising snippets of new research in the field of animal behaviour, and we will just have to keep reading his blogs and wait for his next publication.
Each day I try to be a bit more princess-like by living up to what I believe makes a "True Princess"
He pioneered the use of "found images" and was among the first to use mechanical reproduction, hand created typographic alphabets and Xeroxes. He created the first happening, founded the mail art, which is still around.
The story tells us that at first Jesus just ignored them. Do you wonder if he was thinking, “Oh you have got to be kidding me! This again? and they are not even creative!”? Then we are told Jesus bent down and began to write on the ground. This detail is intriguing. Some say Jesus was just doodling in the dust to take time to pray and ask God for guidance and to not speak in haste but to consider carefully what to say. If this is true then it certainly is a good example and a helpful maxim to remember. But some say it was deeper.
I hide simple beans
Surgeon General's Office
I am a fan of the street poster... in particular French ones. Take this one... in Saint Rémy de Provence... advertising a festival of female singers in a nearby town... The visuals appealed and the names intrigued... I want to know more about these chanteuses...
It's hard to get up over and over. It's hard to feel like your life is static and never, ever going to change or improve.
Oh yeah, did I mention I got a quote of $1,300 for a very similar butcher block countertop from the company Home Depot uses? I saved one thousand buckaroos and it looks pretty darn good! I am SO happy with it, and it was so (grumble) worth (grumble) all the work!
In a small bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt. Set aside.
Mine’ve been like Verlaine’s and Rimbaud
drizzle of agave
The category is defined as flavored whiskeys and whiskey-based liqueurs. They were already doing pretty well. For 2011, its introductory year, Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey sold 320,000 cases. In its second year, Jim Beam Red Stag sold 300,000 cases. Veteran Wild Turkey American Honey sold 230,000 cases.
Beside the Seaside
Justine – by the Marquis de Sade
On the chips front - I love home-made chips. Hand cut, cooked 3 times, the works. But when your serving the amount of covers we're looking at that's going to take a spud rumbler and a chipper - let alone the staff time to twice-cook the chips before being ready for service.
Tour dates:
And remember, it's French. You can Foux Da Fa Fa while you're at it. Repasser!
Caroline LOVES this puppy Uncle Ross gave her. She named it Fluffy (after one of mom's dogs) and has taken to sleeping with it. Fluffy's even known to give kisses to the rest of the family!Jack and his new guitar. Notice C's Vanna White move here. She also got a guitarAnother one bites the dust.Gigi and Pappaw got the kids a two-seater Power Wheel. Here's the reveal shot!And the action shot!
How many times you cursed me and all people I loved …
Good Morning!! And what a great morning it is! I am off from work the rest of this week! wooooohhoooooo!!
This is not revelation knowledge for some however most do not make the connection between the purposeful mis-education of our nations “children at risk” and the growth in service businesses like correctional facilities and even charter schools.
The previous time was on one occasion during my ORA-00600 post-upgrade storm where this recursive getting and dumping of redo buffers – this time caused by an ORA-07445 – meant that certain allocated resources were not freed in a timely fashion resulting in a large queue for “library cache : mutex x” until the dumping session was killed.
Many agents and publishers ask for a synopsis of no more than a single page, others are more generous and will allow between two and five pages, and then there are those who don’t want a synopsis as such, but require the author to supply the type of blurb found on the back and/or inside jacket of a novel.
L is for Life. Don’t forget to live yours!
REA E, UPSHUR R. Semmelweis revisited: the ethics of infection prevention among health care workers. CMJA 2001; 164: 1447-1448.
Once again i have to say this.. How can this man be a threat ? Was he the one who crossed the razor blade barb wire ? Or perhaps he was suspected of carrying bombs in his bag ? He is just an innocent rakyat like you an me… now its him… tomorrow , in a different time and place, it could me , you, my family, or yours.. think about..
Matthew's voice was soft, and appealing. Too appealing. His closeness, and the warmth radiating from his body, caused her heart to thrum. Rebekah decided to go in.
KLM has decided to enable passengers to pick who they would like to be seated with, depending on the information provided. This would both create richer in flight experiences and also provide a point of social media advertising for the airline that will help it gain brand ambassadors.
“Yes indeed, Ms Risser,” I replied. “My question is this: Are there rules which if broken by a cougar would result in her expulsion from the ranks of cougardom? For example, is a cougar allowed to have sex with an older man?”
While many publishers are creating apps to distribute content, others are investing in mobile websites to attract mobile users. ABC’s recent mobile survey shows just how newspaper, magazine and B2B publishers expect mobile sites to change their business.
OBAMA (thoughtfully, visibly moved): Huh. You know, I think he’s right. I DO owe something to the American people, especially the African-American community. And that healthcare bill – who am I kidding? It’s crap. It’s not going to do a damn thing to help them. Maybe – maybe I should start with that. And what was that cigar-smoking fool saying about jobs? (searching for something to write with) Now where’d I put that Presidential pen of mine?
If you want to check out some of the other websites for ministry to men, click here. I’ve realized that it’s not updated. I’ve come across some others recently that, while they might not make my Top Ten list, are still very fine websites and worth looking into. If you know of one not included, please let me know and may add it to the Honorable Mentions.
Intrigued? I’ll tell you….
HERSHEY JC, ASH DA, THUMASATHIT T, MESZAROS J, WATERS VV. The roles of altruism, free riding, and bandwagoning in vaccination decisions. Org Beh Hum Dec Pro 1994; 59: 177-187.
