‘Na, na. I mean the maker o’ the cigarette.’
But is it luck or it is playing the game smartly? I think it’s luck, he thinks it’s the other.
Some ground rules: As I said above, these will be mini-reviews, so don’t expect anything overly detailed—most of what you’ll be getting will be merely first impressions (which, however, I think still count for a lot). To keep things more consistent, I will generally order the same drink at every café: a soy latte, my preferred beverage and a good benchmark for any coffeehouse in my opinion. I will also be evaluating the locations on their wifi availability, their general atmosphere, and their food selection. Overall, I will be looking for cafés that offer a good, affordable drink and a nice place to work.
Sabine and Vivian have been generously sharing their "loot" with the grownups...we're all almost candied out. Bring on Thanksgiving.
… At the time of Pike’s verbal commitment, which was an enormous recruiting coup for Auburn, Pike was asked if he had been concerned about Auburn assistant coaches abandoning the team thanks to the possibility that the school’s football program could be hit with NCAA sanctions.
It is more than talking, it is following through, taking the steps and making the change happen. Be the change for yourself. Commit to the dream or quit. There really is no middle.
do you remember...
(917): hes totally cute, too bad i slept with his father
3.) Eli learned nothing from his fall and his stitches. He went right back to climbing I'm doing everything in my power to remind him that climbing can lead to owies.
1. Crock Pot
And on to 1937…
Then I felt dumb. I knew that a bit of foolishness and nervousness had come over me. But I was glad to have gotten the shake anyway.
When you were younger, making friends was a simple as going up to someone on the school playground, kicking them in the ankles and pulling a mong face at them and then asking “Do you want to go look at some worms?”
It turns out that the only way to do this is to manually upload the document via the iCloud website; there’s no way to upload it natively from the Lion iWork apps. You can however natively share files via iWork.com, surely Apple’s best kept secret and one that feels like it’s been in beta since woolly mammoths roamed Cupertino.
i think i can i think i can i think i can.
So I guess you might be wondering who I am, huh?
But today I decided to open back up the old account and see how my friends from high school and all that were doing without me. So I start browsing....
Have you made this dress? Care to offer any advicce?
Enjoy! Katie G.
LOCATION: Nightwood/Tapestry Studio, 55 Mill St., The Cannery, Studio 315
The man and the boy were getting farther away, walking down the road in the direction Seth had come from.
A study conducted by two economists for Metropolis British Columbia (who?) was released in response to the Fraser Institute's own study which concluded that "in the fiscal year 2005/06 the immigrants on average received an excess of $6,051 in benefits over taxes paid" leading to a the fiscal burden in that year estimated to be between $23.6 billion and $16.3 billion. The Metropolis study seems to agree with that conclusion to a degree but it argues that the costs are not great enough to be of a concern. How does it do that? It picks an earlier date to work with and that's where it goes astray.
1 risked
As part of the agreement granting exclusive worldwide licensing rights on online social media platforms for a fresh take on the classic G.I. JOE brand, Syfy Games will serve as publisher. Artplant, creator of the award-winning Battlestar Galactica Online, will develop the game, which will be free-to-play.
Today, I remember The Little Red Shoes. In that story, which was very true, I had been picked out of a crowd, and asked to enter the stage. My fright and embarrassment kept me from receiving the gift that had been freely offered to me... and it would be till now, before another opportunity would be offered on such a grand scale. One that might change my life. I believe, whole-heartedly, that not having the courage to have accepted those little ballerina slippers altered my life. And I believe that if I refuse to accept this offer, that this will alter my life, as well. It's all about fears and over-coming them... a big extension of faith.
GEO Nudy Grey
If you aren't completely satisfied with your story planning process, check out some of the tools below.
After creating the thread, thrd.daemon = True is very necessary before you start the thread, otherwise there will be too many errors and complications with gtk. Believe me, I have faced it for two days. And it was not good.
Something you might not know: After his career, Breining landed a job tending bar at an Elks Club in downtown San Francisco.
I was sorely tempted to take his photo from my perspective in the room.
which made heaven and earth.
And for 2 nights I've gotten some REAL sleep! AHH!! Keep it up boys! Mommy LOVES sleep!
Over and around us lies.
Leave a comment for each entry.
38. Embrace myself. Quit hiding from old friends.
Paul Ashton, from the BBC’s writersroom, says that ambiguity isn’t when we don’t know what’s going on. Neither is it when there are several contradictory answers to a question. Both these situations are confusing and alienating for the viewer. Rather, ambiguity is when there are two (or potentially, more than two) answers, both of which are equally supported by the evidence.
and the difference between the (in)appropriate and (un)acceptable
California responded to its crisis two years ago with a public information campaign, readily available vaccines and a new law requiring a booster shot for middle- and high-school students. Doctors were urged to spot whooping cough early, send infected babies to the hospital and promptly treat those diagnosed. In 2011, the number of cases there dropped significantly.
You went to jail for spreading "hate"
Let's say it's a glorious day in July. Warm, but not too hot. Not a cloud in the sky.
Gretchen is tired of monsters pulling her out into the wee hours, especially on a school night, but what can she do? Sending the minotaur back to his bleak home is just another notch on her combat belt. She never expected to run into this girl who could be her double, though.
And if you want to read stories about how I pepper sprayed myself while sitting on the toilet,
Layer potatoes and onions in greased baking dish, sprinkle with salt and pepper, 1/3 of cheese, and pour 1/3 milk mixture over potatoes. Continue layering, saving some cheese for top layer. Bake at 400 degrees for about 50 minutes.
I've never made egg tarts at home. The last time I had a hand in making them was during may pastry-making course at BITC. I didn't like the pastry. I've tried the store-bought ones a couple of times but they didn't excite me. Last week, Amir asked me if I knew how to make egg tarts & if I could make some one day. That request came after a friend told him he would have wasted his life if he had not tasted egg tarts! Haha... Really....?
A) I knew I was making an impulse purchase, yet I made it anyway. (Marry in haste...)
The show only lasted sixteen episodes. Typical episodes: “Ashes Will Happen” deals with an arsonist. “Death In An Alley” recounts the investigation of an old man’s death in an alley. His last word is “Arkansas.” The episode featured James Best. TV fans got to really know him as Sherrif Roscoe Coltrane on “The Dukes Of Hazzard”.
Russian is a lovely language. It looks beautiful, it sounds beautiful. My father, while born in Great Britain, was the son of Russian immigrants.
The alarm is being raised both in Europe and America. Many political experts are convinced European countries over-estimated their need for immigrant labor and under-estimated the cultural impact of Islam. These European countries base their attitude toward immigration on secularism, tolerance, and equality, but none of these qualities has any value to Islam. In point of fact, their traditional values are opposites. Asylum was generously granted for political refugees from eastern countries. However, it allows into west Europe countries far more illegal aliens than those in need of political refuge. Many parts of Europe already harbor anti-American feelings, but Moslem immigrants have added outright hostility to America.
Lastly add jeera and garlic.
and led me laughing
1 poverty
India finally expressed concern over Chinaís plans to divert the Brahmaputra River. In November 2003, several Indian news reports carried a story that the Indian state of Assamís Union Ministry of Water Resources asked their foreign affairs counterparts ìto seek factual detailsî about the project. Indiaís concerns became real after Chinaís official news agency, Xinhua, confirmed Chinaís intentions. According to Xinhua, preliminary studies of the water diversion project were conducted at the proposed construction site in mid-2003, followed by another round of feasibility studies in October. It would not be surprising if China denies having such plans, as did Tibet Autonomous Regionís Chairman, Xiang Ba Ping Cuo, at a press conference last August.
Distinguishing different strengths by a shilling designation wasn't uniquely Scottish. Some English brewers - Brakspear is an example - used it in the early 19th century, too.
There is a new store opening....we are in the process of setting it up now and with a bit of luck we will be up and running by Monday...
He went to the coffee maker and realized as he reached for the pot that his hands were shaking. When he placed his empty mug on the kitchen counter, his trembling hands caused the mug to jingle. He stared at the mug and decided that coffee would probably only make matters worse. The last thing he needed was something to add to his already frazzled nerves. He placed the cup in the sink and opened the cupboard by the fridge.
May 03 1:33 AM
And in case you were wondering, my name's Hayes Thompson, I'm a copywriter who can also write long copy. I am very, very reasonably priced. And Led Zeppelin is/was the greatest band in the world.
I Have a Dream Speech
4. Go to an admission free museum of art. Amidst closed businesses and a few condemned buildings, it was like an OASIS. (spelling bee word)
People are upset, very upset. And me? I’m cross. Okay, so in the scheme of things, it’s hardly earth-shattering. A little rural gym used by 80 people? As someone said on Twitter, you don’t really need a gym to get and keep fit – you can do it all by yourself, using minimal equipment or even just your own body weight. And that is absolutely true. But this little gym is far more than ten cardiovascular machines, eight weight machines, two mats, two fitballs, a TRX and a set of free weights. It’s a little community.
At Conspi to watch Gospel Jam where beauty queen Peachy Sacasas will give her testimony and my daughter Diandra will do a monologue.
With the hitch extension in place, the bike rack will actually be roughly 12” behind the camper, giving the rack more than plenty of room to fully pivot the bike 90 degrees without getting caught up on the camper itself, giving me a straight path in and out of my door.
About 8:00pm I thought the wind had picked up when I heard this scratching noise at the front corner of the bedroom. There’s a tree there and although it’s been trimmed, it still is a little close to the window. But then that scratching turned into very creepy scritch scratching moving along the entire wall and into the corner. That definitely brought a “whuu?” from me but no immediate cause for alarm since I was thinking Moe, our terrorist cat was messing around on his scratching post in the corner. Then that scritching noise moved around the corner, down the wall, directly behind the headboard and it did not sound like the cat at all but something about the same size. When Moe trotted into the bedroom though that definitely changed the “whuu?” to a “WTF?” and me evacuating the room, racing downstairs to get John up there to take care of the situation.
JER 29:11-14;
He is Andrew's best friend and constant companion. He's his first and last thought every day (and multiple times in between). Meet Teddy...the most loved bear in our home and quite possibly, all the world. I've been wanting to create a page about this special bond for a long time. The current ISSUE challenge at Club CK gave me just the right nudge. The challenge is to create a layout that highlights a special friendship. I knew immediately this was the time to get it done. Incidentally, I had recently asked Andrew to write a letter to Teddy telling him what he means to him so I could make a page about them. I told him we could keep it private by tucking it into a pocket or envelope. He liked that idea. After writing his letter he shared it with me and asked me to make sure that no one would see it, like we had discussed. So I made a pocket and tucked it away. Although I can't tell you what he wrote, I will say that it's very heartwarming. He even drew a picture.
Still, after all these words about knowing this and accepting that, there is the unexpected. True surprise is a rare thing. We can understand and still have a sense of wonder. We are, after all, bigger inside than out. And, once in a while, it rains unexpectedly in the desert.
Female questioner: “Do you have any academic experience of linguistics or pidgins and creoles?”
I’ve not mentioned before that there are three different types of things to look at which seem to catch my eye in ways that are a maybe bit extreme or distracting. These things are faces (animals and human), cars travelling at a speed of around 40 KPH (especially the wheels), and eyes. I simply cannot abide the sight of eyes that point in different directions, even in the slightest. Glass eyes are the worst, and lazy eyes make me feel ill, even if the owner of them is the nicest person in the world. And some apparently healthy and normal people have eyes that seem to be very slightly out. This seems to happen more often in people whose eyes protrude slightly, for whatever reason, and this type of thing seems to be unusually common among a particular ethnic group from the South Pacific. Another eye issue that sets me on edge is eyes with pupils that don’t look right, because one looks bigger in one eye than the other, or they both seem to be too dilated, bringing to mind the image of a pet cat in an aggressive mood. Have you ever read the classic short story The Tell-Tale Heart by Edgar Allan Poe? A bad eye can certainly be quite a distraction, but it isn’t only eye imperfection which catches my eye. I can also become quite distracted by the perfection of good eyes in some circumstances. Newborn babies are such lovely little things with soft, perfect skin, but they are quite limited in things that they can do to express themselves physically. Their limb movements seem random and quite uncontrolled, but the way their eyes move is a display of how perfectly a baby has been put together by nature, because even though the baby might look around in an apparently uncontrolled manner, his or her eyes will usually match perfectly in their movements. This I find fascinating, in a way that seems to owe more to instinct than to intellect. Maybe all mothers find the eyes of young babies fascinating in a way that is strangely compelling. I’m just glad that I don’t live on an island in the South Pacific.
Our dog is farting, and the house is filled with a horrible, noxious cloud of gas, way worse than what we usually get in So Cal. This is serious indoor pollution; the kind the EPA investigates, and if we could get Superfund status, that would be fucking sweet, as I am in dire need of cash.
6. No Sweetie, even if you wear your Superman pajamas, you can’t fly.
“Tant pis!” said her Ladyship (Lady Ingram, the mother of the beautiful Ms Ingram), “I hope it may do her good!” Then, in a lower tone, but still loud enough for me (Jane Eyre) to hear, “I noticed her; I am a judge of physiognomy, and in hers I see all the faults of her class.”
Double Entendre, Restaurante, Jacques Cousteau, Yves Saint Laurente
Personality: GORGEOUS
Usui is a high school student of Seika High, and is one of the most popular student ever. He was the first one to learn about Misaki’s “secret job.”
2012, the video says, will be the year for justice. All over the world, people are not only seeing what is wrong but also trying to find answers and rectify what is prolonging suffering and exploitation.
It’s interesting.
Big A, little A, bouncing B
Here's a link you can use to order "Eight Miles High" from Amazon:
Quoted fare includes the base fare plus any applicable taxes, fees, and surcharges.
It is not necessary to share the faith upon which Christmas is built, to understand the crassness of the new thought. Perhaps this is what George Orwell looked to when he coined the phrase New Speak. It is something that is without meaning, intended only to pad the speaker’s oration with irrelevant and innocuous words that lend nothing to the content.
Scars and struggles on the way
EDIT: By the way, that doesn't mean I'll quit blogging!!! The new website will also have a blog as part of it. Thanks for the concerns in the comments, on FB and Twitter, etc. :)
I can’t possibly make you understand what you are being presented here. I only wish that I come up and feel the light within me, so that I may shine it upon the world. I hope to repress the darkness inside, so that you may never feel it. And, I hope for you, the same.
I'm not sure if it's the greatest, but completing my fourth novel, Scars & Stripes, gives me a unique satisfaction. Had I not written the other three novels, and a very personal piece for The Guardian, I would not have been able to tackle some autobiographical content that's been loitering at the back of my brain for too many years.
Unless I can convince someone to go back there with me with some flashlights and muster up the courage to climb through that open window...
A 5k is roughly equal to:
1. The blog doesn't go anywhere. Five years from now (barring blogger.com shutting down business) I'll be able to look back and remember everything. Its like a journal. What a great thing to have, look back and appreciate!
Rosie's bowling party is tomorrow (as is Dash's karate promotion test) so I needed to get the cake started tonight. It's closing in on midnight and I just got the layers in the fridge a few minutes ago! The red, orange, and yellow layers are looking nice!
Sometime around 200 BC there existed a confederation of nomadic tribes from Central Asia with a ruling class of unknown origin and other subjugated tribes. They were known as the Xiongnu or Hun.
Far from being irrelevant, our beliefs about the ultimate nature of reality frame our perspective on how we can and do act to create, sustain, and change the physical, social, and spiritual world of which we are all a part.
1. Preheat oven to 350° F. Grease two muffin tins (1 full and 1 half).
and without jewelry. The swoony letter
so make a day trip
Put your heart up to the test
Today’s watches can be almost anything you want them to be. Some people might want a calculator. Others might like a watch that offers video games, a digital camera or even a cell phone.
That may be a shock to some of you, and I'm truly sorry. This is such a difficult thing, I know, but remember that God can help you get through anything.
Today I am definitely in a Miami state of mind and a blissful state of mind it is. I leave early Saturday morning and, after a short (and, hopefully, uneventful) two and half hour flight, I’ll kick of my shoes, slip on my flip flops, turn on some reggae, salsa or Jimmy Buffet and totally immerse myself in the land of marvelous, minty mojitos.
Believe it or not--I haven't been checking my email like crazy. I'm being realistic and not expecting much.
The Kentucky Bourbon Festival in Bardstown, which happens in September, is preceded each year by the Kentucky Bourbon Festival Sampler, a one-night event, this year to be held on Saturday, April 28.
Jen Wilson noted: “The second game was a grudge match between London’s Thames Fatales and Quebec’s Les Filles Du Roi. The crowd needed to be coaxed to roar as the evening took on a slightly more serious vibe. Mirambo keep the energy going as Killson as jammer raced circles around everyone. Slacker Smacker was also jamming a lot but looked like she was taking a beating on her right hip. Les Filles fought hard but was always a bit behind. Magnum P.E.I. was huge and it looked like she would be an impenetrable blocker. However, she was a bit slow and the Thames pack would target her early and hold her at bay. Krakatoa and That’s What She Said did some excellent jamming for Les Filles du Roi, but London was just too strong and they won the game. They were fast and it was a hard brutal physical battle with the emergency crew coming onto the rink at least once, but thankfully no one was seriously injured. It was a great night for the Forest City Roller Derby and Thames got their measure of revenge.
she radiates woman energy
But only a handful will survive and thrive on their own. As one commodities trader told me: "Many of the guys that trade at prop desks trade on flow from their clients. They have a separate absolute return book but their profits are intertwined with the flow trades from clients' trades. Once that is taken away from them, very few can generate alpha consistently on their own. When they lose money, the psychological effect overwhelms them and they realize they can't make it on their own."
Some studies by naturopaths in the United States have also met today’s scientific gold standard; they were double-blind and placebo-controlled. Much naturopathic research has also been done in Germany, France, England, India, and China.
Anyhoo I’ve been kind enough to bring them right here for your delight and delectation- have a listen, see what you think!
beating for you,
Seems a bit cruel, doesn't it? To imagine what that Native child might feel like hearing that dear old Pa was stalking Indians or, as he says "wild men"? How can we possibly describe Little House in the Big Woods as an exemplary text?!
24 July 1942: Transit camp 180 reports that concentration camp Gorlovka was dissolved on 22 July 1942. Prisoners held there partly handed over for labor assignments, partly admitted into PW camps, and partly liquidated. During the existence of concentration camp Gorlovka 1 March 1942 to 22 July 1942, 655 civilians passed through the camp; among them--
In the beginning of the book, Lt. Fisher is questioning Jane’s friend Patty about recent events, when Patty’s father ‘looks doubtful,’ and asks Lt. Fisher if he isn’t “sort of young” to be a policeman.—A question that Lt. Fisher is all too accustomed to hearing, even at the age of 33, after having “been a police officer for a dozen years.”
For one thing, the rind is usable as zest without bothering to scrape the pith off first. The rind is soft and pliable, making it easy to chop. The pulp is noticeably juicy but not acidic. I think there were a few seeds, but not many.
How many of those frustrated and angry customers will tell everyone they know about their bad experience?
If you haven't checked our her blog please do! She has great ideas and is super creative!!
An all time favourite… I think we’ll be reading these for years to come, “What does a cow say?” ;)
Our accommodation: Not nice but cheap (relatively) RM80/night Peladang chalet because everywhere else were fully booked. We stayed in Tekek again because of my work.
This class will be at Scrapbook Buddies in Temple City on Monday, June 6 at 6:30pm. You can sign up in the store or over the phone by calling (626) 286-2846. Please sign up at least 24 hours in advance. The cost is $9 and all you need to bring is adhesive, scissors, and pink or clear Stickles (this can be purchased the night of the class). Also make sure to mention what word you want in your title so that I can have it ready for you.
“Eros.”
* learnt a new Australian phrase "shag on a rock"
So closer would my feelings twine
There aren’t many clips I can embed, but this is a *pretty good* one.
Anyway, enough of my waffle - I'm entering my page into these challenges:
What can I say? Life has taken over this week. I know most people won't feel too sorry for me when I say this, but I have to work FIVE days this week! I'm not quite sure how I'm going to get my laundry done, floors washed, or a real meal on the table. I thought a repost of a pretty tablescape and a yummy clam chowder recipe was in order. For the record, we did not have homemade chowder on a pretty table tonight. We had leftovers.
Right now, we're deciding on cabinets, backsplash, countertops and exterior colors.
Finished before Monday ends? How about before breakfast!
coffee, tea & hot chocolate services
- To cynicalbuddha or another other potential trading partners - I'm finally working on collating my 2012 Topps series 1 cards! I'm not building any of the insert sets so I'll have lots to offer up (including the 1987 minis).
The researchers found that damage to enamel was evident after only five days of exposure to sports or energy drinks, although energy drinks showed a significantly greater potential to damage teeth than sports drinks.
but the feeling within me evolved,
I walked along the track by the river bank, stopping to take another picture of the coal seams rising out of the water. I like to see these signs of the intense pressure that pushed up our gentle hills.
...however my house rules leave me with little choice but to set aside these for anyone brave enough to start a project called 'The Bottled Cider Year.'
Daniel R. Spirer Jewelers uses only the highest quality gem materials, Lazare Kaplan ideal cut diamonds, natural color and heated rubies, sapphires, fancy color sapphires and an assortment of other fine gems including South Sea pearls, tourmalines, opals and fresh water pearls. Most designs are available in environmentally sound recycled gold and are always distinctive and elegant.
Big thing #2: fulfilling a breastfeeding grant with the health dept.
We have really enjoyed the Torchlighters series! This particular DVD tells the story of William Tyndale in animated form. At the end of each of the Torchlighters, there are documentaries about the subject, and/or interviews with experts or people who actually knew the person. I was excited to find these available at our library.
it’s about this guy named Senda who on a fateful day went to the amusement park and saw this guy pick his nose then touch the entire ride’s seat so then he became distrustful of his surroundings. and it just follows his crazy life and how he can deal with romance and friendship too.
Are the long lines parallel?
Basically, I think I’ve been wanting God to care for me in a way that my parents simply never could. I was continually told as a child that life was hard and I simply could not do what I wanted. I was told that life was full of suffering and was not allowed to pursue creative interests. Life was about accepting the shitness and just pushing through it. What a pretty little parcel of joy.
Dan Simmons—for his Hyperion and Endymion novels
It looks to be well worth a watch (and of course useful revision for Biosphere topics in SG or Unit 2 in Int 2) and starts Sunday 6th May!
As if that wasn't enough excitement for one week, we went to Anime Expo at the Los Angeles convention Center today. We took Jerry's friend Shea and the boys had a great time marveling at all the costumes, watching anime, and shopping in the mega exhibit hall. I didn't bring my camera, but here are a few phone pics:
The ink that came with this system is excellent and in immediate casual comparison I decided to place a small pen mark on the rear side of the non-OEM versions of the photos.
The woman was caught by Gwent Police near junction 24 of the M4 at Coldra, Newport, during an eight-day clampdown.
I saw a poster online with these silhouettes of cats facing out and thought it'd be fun to turn them in and put a ball of yarn between them. Pretty cute, if I say so myself. I still have one more block to receive and when I do I'll post them all....so much creativity to see!
That really how you want to be remembered?
I wasn’t sure if I would like this story by Sylvia Day. She is a new author I am trying and the summary sounded interesting but I wasn’t compelled to read it. Once you open the book, get into a few of the pages you find yourself liking the characters of Isabel and Gerald. They have wit and a sense of ignorance at least Gerald does. But as four years past the temperment changes for Gerald and he is a man. I like how Day keeps him as the polar opposite of what he used to be. It make a nice contrast to the boy he was and now as the man.
This time I did a little more research. I found the book Caffeine Blues by Stephen Cherniske, M.S. He is a researcher and clinical nutritionist. He 100% convinced me that caffeine is bad news and I committed myself to “getting off the bean”, as he says in his book. Here is what I discovered. Tomorrow I will post about HOW I quit coffee without any headache or fatigue. Yes, it can be done.
So, I am now about to leave the Routes office and head down to Northumbria University to listen to this talk. A job which incorporates both Politics and Languages? Perfect!
Cruising down the winding roads into the mountains, admiring all the greenery was a delightful change of scenery from the tall buildings and street lights of the city. Britney is from Asheville and the nuptials this summer will also be held here.
While Yates’ doctors may deem her ready to reenter society, the public may feel differently.
We had another talk during the day yesterday. It's amazing what a little conversation can do.
I hit the go button on the longarm quilting system very early this morning. If you would to see what I was longarm quilting today click here. Hubby had some appointments and so he came and went while I was playing but in the back of my mind I was wondering what time the UPS man would ring the bell. You see I was waiting for a delivery. In fact a very special delivery of something hubby bought for me. Here’s what arrived around lunch time today.
I also worked hard to keep the snow theme prevalent, but those stickers from K&CO's Life's Little Occasions were too hard to resist. I made the medalion on the non-Jewish one, with some SU and EK Success punches, and a stamp I found somewhere along the way.
life’s unextinguished flames–
In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg and milk. Fold in the cheese and corn muffin mix until the mixture is well combined.
The term "like herding cats" comes to mind. The excitement level is high, as to be expected, and, of course, students want to group together with their friends, not necessarily with others of different majors and whose last names are not close alphabetically. Engineers, of course, would know the difference between a line and a curve, although achieving that formation is easier in theory than practice.
They have created a unique opportunity to shift the tides of history in the tradition of other great peaceful occupations from the sit-down strikes of the 1930s to the lunch-counter sit-ins of the 1960s to the democratic uprisings across the Arab world and Europe today.
*Refund Practices
Before I bought my property, part of it was used to breed and raise bulls used for rodeos. Thus, the heavy-duty fencing. The gaps in the mesh are too big to safely use to fence the horses in and it’s in a part of the woods that is not safe for the horses. The previous owners used that part of the woods to dump all their unwanted metal crap. Yes, I have my very own dump. Lucky me. I can guarantee that my horses would find every bit of pointy or sharp metal and find creative ways to impale themselves upon it. There are hundreds of old wheel rims, tires, car parts, rusted farm equipment, rusted metal buckets, a couple of old stoves, a huge hog feeder, tons and tons of rebar still buried in concrete (I think it was a bridge at some point), lawnmowers, unidentifiable rusted bits, etc. etc. Very slowly the crap is getting carted out. Some of it can be scrapped for a bit of money, but most of it is just junk. My dump is deep in the woods, and, it’s overgrown so getting to it and getting some of the bigger stuff out will be a serious challenge. I didn’t know it was there before I bought the place and when I found it, my heart just sunk. It was so, so depressing to see all that garbage in my beautiful woods.
not have done it without our wonderful
Nose: Shy it's not. Big notes of fermenting pears, cookie dough, pine needles, eucalyptus, soap flakes, malt soaked timber, tinned peaches, kiwi fruit and menthol.
So, we've got a Quango that's squandered 660 million on some deluded fuckwittery, unsuccessfully , and is merrily spending another 480 million having another go.
Well I mean you just have to laugh!
Yesterday for work I pulled out one of my favourite vintage dresses. I found this amazing leopard peplum dress at a vintage sale at Erin Templeton's store for $10 bucks. At the time I had no idea where or when I would wear it but I knew I had to have it.
In telling the story of his son’s life, and the two-week road trip they took together, pinballing across America to revisit the places they’d lived, Bissinger turns his reportorial gaze on himself – his ambition and disappointments, his hopes and insecurities.
#99 Jerel Worthy- DE- Michigan St.:
Okay, I've just granted you and cookiedough admin privileges, which means you can edit my post and vice versa. So we could post photos in the same post.
The Chancellor intends to extend the standard rate of VAT (currently zero rated) to alterations to listed places of worship. This will have the effect of penalising the Church of England’s 12,500 listed cathedral and church buildings, almost entirely maintained by volunteers and voluntary giving, who are currently altering their buildings to make them suitable for use by the wider community.
in the light of the low window and they were alone
Springman Records was one of my favorite labels when I was a teenager. Great comps, great bands and everything was super cheap. In an era when the 90's pop punk sound pretty much died off, Avi over at Springman was still churning out some awesome stuff. If you havent picked up any of the Punk Rock Strike CD's, you really really are doing yourself a disservice.
What is time abundance? It is a mindset, like anything else. When we live with confidence and trust that we have more than enough time to fulfill our ultimate purpose, we are living in a time-abundant state. Consider the alternative: time starvation. Most of us live there most of the time.
I'm sure the poor children at that school will be horrified - and then later, pleasantly surprised that they're actually having soggy grilled cheese and limp french fries instead - and then probably upset that there's no Yoo Hoo.
ENSURE YOU LINK BACK TO SOUTHERN GIRLS IN YOUR BLOG POST
______________
10/6 Charleston, NC @ Oasis
from my trip and get unpacked.........................
The waiting room is filled with soft plastic comfortable chairs set around a huge floor to ceiling fish tank through which tropical fish swam gently behind a veil of bubbles.
I thought, yeah I've got plenty
That lumps together an odd collection of beers: IPA, Berliner Weisse, Pilsener and Grätzer. Beers whose only connection is their pale colour. I missed the Grätzer reference first time I read it. Another one for my collection. It's the first mention I can remember of it using hops that were 5 or 6 years old.
I’d glance
While the primary functionality of these sweaters remain that of providing warmth to the wearer, other varieties such as the long sleeved ones, the hoodies and sweater vests are now available and are being made out of fabric that is much thinner than the conventional wool or merino types. They are worn as tank tops and over T-shirts. They are being preferred due to their designs and also due to their lightness. They are also being perceived as a wonderful alternative to the more costly woolen or cashmere womens sweaters.
When governments forget that they are there for the people, then they have to be reminded that they are there not to oppress and fill their pockets with the peoples money, they are there to serve the masses. It’s what any true government should do. Sadly, it seldom happens. Sometimes they go in the complete opposite direction, masquerading their true intentions and blatantly lying and manipulating the masses. This was an interesting aspect of the film, how we see the governments lying to the people through the radio waves and news paper articles. This is something that in my own personal opinion goes on to this day. Newspapers, websites, radio shows and news channels are controlled to bend the masses opinions on any given subject matter, especially when it comes to politics. Sadly, most people take what they read on newspapers and see on TV as the truth. As Che says in the film, moments before his execution: “Maybe they believed your lies”
As if it had been lifted into the air
Stephanie and I and our friend Erin are doing triathlon training with a group, including coaches. We meet 3 times per week for killer workouts all around town, plus do workouts on our own an additional 3 days/week. We've been working on swimming, biking, and running, and are planning to compete in the Golden State Triathlon in Sacramento on October 9th. It'll be a 1/2 mile swim (harder than it sounds!), 15 mile bike ride, and 3 mile run. This is quite a stretch for me as I only started exercising about 3 months ago after almost a year of cancer treatments, and even before that I wasn't doing anything physical, so I was in BAD shape!!! But I have come really far with training. I can now swim more than the needed 1/2 mile in a super cold lake (though slowly), I'm decent at biking, and had 1 stretch of 23 miles, and I'm even getting better at running. I think I might be able to run my first continuous mile very soon - I'm getting close, and have NEVER done that in my whole life. It's amazing what you can accomplish with hard work, isn't it? So that's a big reason that I've fallen a bit behind with blog posting and whatnot. I've really been focusing on my health. Oh, and I've also dropped about 30 pounds in the past 9-12 months - woohoo! All of my clothes are getting too big! It's an empowering feeling to be somewhat back in charge of my own body, and to know that I'm not too old to get in shape and accomplish something as crazy as a triathlon. And that goes for the rest of you too. It's never too late to get off that couch!
Feel free to click the FOLLOW button on the bottom right of this page, input your email address and receive your Philly Pressbox posts directly in your email.
Athletes and Chef are "meeting" monthly via telephone conference call, going over expectations for both the trials and the WEG. Everyone is getting pumped!
This weekend will be busy for us as tomorrow morning we have all 9 grands here first thing-7:20 a.m. so that the parents can go to a homeschool book sale. Then tomorrow evening we celebrate our oldest grandson's birthday, he will be 11. His momma recently told him that he couldn't get any older, he just needed to stop and stay where he was-I so remember those feelings.
No demon,
hurting my head
The unthinkable is finally happening: I am reading literature straight from my android phone. Que horror? You bet.
Here are the changes. I’ve almost completely copied the skill changes from the Nexon site. I just made some names bold, changed some text and I added a few pictures. I mean, who cares about it that it’s the same as on the Nexon website? I’m just lazy today =):
A computerized system for distributing spending vehicles comprising:
A biting gust of wind fired sand grains at her bare limbs. The damp cotton of her dress whipped against her body and she hugged herself for warmth. She could just barely make out the rock outcrop, a craggy silhouette in the inky darkness.
During Elizabeth’s reign the Articles of Religion of 1571, the confession of faith of the reformed Church of England and historic Anglicanism was adopted by Convocation and Parliament and would receive the royal assent. The first Protestant services were held in North America, using The Book of Common Prayer that she had sanctioned as the supreme governor of the English Church. The Elizabethan Prayer Book, authorized for use in 1559, was essentially Cranmer’s 1552 Reformed liturgy with three or four alterations. While the Declaration on Kneeling was dropped from the 1559 Prayer Book, its teaching was not abandoned by the English Church. The removal of the crucifixes, images, reliquaries, stone altars, and other trappings of Medieval Catholicism begun in the reign of Edward VI was completed in Elizabeth’s reign. Stone altars were replaced with movable wooden communion tables that could be placed in the body of the church for the celebration of the Holy Communion. At the request of Convocation Dean Alexander Newell drew up a reformed Catechism for use in grammar schools and universities, which Convocation would sanction in 1563. The Second Book of Homilies was published in for the use of clergy who were not licensed to preach. Among the requirements for a preaching license Archbishop Matthew Parker would prescribe the systematic study of the New Testament and Swiss Reformer Henry Bullinger’s Decades, a collection of fifty sermons which Bullinger had prepared to teach systematic theology to the laity. These sermons would serve Elizabethan clergy as a textbook on divinity.
I thought it was worth repeating here;
Chloe got home yesterday and promptly announced that she wants to go back in less than two weeks for another costume event: the premiere of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 1. Ah, well, it's her money.
2tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
a. Clarify Values, Needs, Life Style:
I want to be Fifty and fabulous on my Birthday this Dec but I feel like a zombie, the walking dead. I have modified my diet and I have lost 3-4 lbs but I am not yet motivated to work out.
and uprising that opened up strata, like pages
33. Spark Plug - That's All Right
Stop by this weekend and add a little color to your wardrobe. All are priced under $30!
In 2005, this grew by 34% to $349K.
Therefor the I - IV - V chord pattern for the key of C is:
She was seated at far end … Hitler sat in middle and fell forward, did not bleed on sofa. This is in Hitler’s sitting room.” Remarkable stuff — but, it turns out, it’s only about half right. Historians are now quite certain that Braun committed suicide by biting a cyanide capsule, rather than by gunshot — meaning the bloodstains on the couch might well be Hitler’s after all.
top. Bake at 350 degrees for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden
Dogs in the yard play finicky with their shadows.
So...today I am thankful that I am already in exile island! I did log in a whopping number of exercise minutes - 1560! All of this was during the time of Friday, Saturday and Sunday! I don't recommend trying to cram 26 hours of exercise into 3 days! It kind of hurts! lol But, I am ready to sign up to do it again next year! The experiences I encountered this weekend are difficult to express but I'm planning to give it my best shot! Hopefully I will have it written out in the next day or so...
03 - Hi Ho Silver
@courtjustice Kristen Stewart in a Dolce and Gabbana James Dean t-shirt and @RebeccaMinkoff “Becky” jacket in Burnt Orange on JayLenoTonight!
Thrifty event gifts can be put together for teachers, bus drivers and even team coaches. You don’t have to spend much, you just have to think about how can I make someone’s life a little more comfortable, relaxed, and fun this holiday season?
The declaration of the solidarity groups with Cuba was signed by Marti Alliance, Antonio Maceo Brigade, Jose Marti Association, The Bolivarian Circle of Miami, and the Christian Women Association in Defense of the Family. The Foundation for the Normalization of US-Cuba Relations, Cuban American Defense League, and the Socialist Party of the Workers, among other non governmental groups in solidarity with Cuba, also joined the initiative.
Don’t get me wrong, I recommend watching this movie, but I hope a directors cut will come out. It got a lot of criticism for the story line. Too juvenile, high school oriented. Get over yourself, crabby movie reviewers. This movie is about teenagers, perhaps it’s going to have teenager drama. It’s a PG-13 movie because it’s geared towards teenagers. We don’t need a rated R movie with F bombs and nudity.
Then, in a doorway, we passed two red-faced drunks sitting on a doorstep between a sex shop and a pub, clutching bottles, almost falling sideways as they slurred a drunken conversation with each other. As we passed, I only heard the words:
Your winding roads lead weary hearts
Throw in a pinch of precious gifts when the mixture’s boiling nice
The results are similar to 2006 when the total property investment from foreigners stood at 4,716 million euros.
I shuffled my feet back to where I needed to be and sat down on the stool, stalling. Time slowed down as I looked out through the store in a way that I had never seen it before. I figured that if I took my time, it wouldn’t be as bad; all bands start late anyway, right? I sat quietly with my heart pounding heavy in my chest and half in the dark for a moment. The only illumination came from dim little reading lights that faced the wrong way.
Was I a bad guest? Did I do something wrong? I feel like I’ve been left out on the street corner. At least I know I can buy myself a bottle of windex and clean windshields for money. Hey, I know just the thing to use instead of newspaper…my degree!
We’ve now released Mobl21 version 1.6 which allows educators and trainers to measure performance and track content access of learners.
It has been quite a while since I bake any muffins using the creaming method. Most of the times, I opt for muffin recipes that are using the traditional muffin method, i.e. mixing the dry ingredients and wet ingredients together. The reason is simple: To save the trouble of taking out the electric mixer and less effort to wash up afterwards. Oops, did I just reveal my plain laziness? Haha... :P
AC: But what about self-publishing, Andrew?
But what can abjection add to the conclusion of my book? What can the idea that one possible piece of gay male subjectivity may still be, even in the 21st century, the embracing of abjection do to the struggles among gay men to control the signification of gayness? In Halperin’s description of the ways that gay men respond to abjection by intensified defiance, I find today the femme-y gay kid in high school who resists his tormentors by becoming even more gay at an even higher pitch; I find the pleasure that ex-gays find in their furtive, deeply secret rendez-vous at “de-gaying camp”; I find the professor who makes explicit sexual metaphors a part of every-day classroom analysis and takes pleasure in the shock but refuses normalizing efforts to curb his/her discourse. But defiance alone may give us nothing more than an individualized, and contextually specific gay response, and not a notion of gay communal relationships, that is, the relationship of gay men to each other as a group.
1/2 c. Biscoff spread
That simple act may just help her to win a scholarship!
He added: ‘Identity isn’t just something sealed off and finished with … it’s always work in progress. ‘Once we start saying, “This is my identity and that’s it” then I think we are in danger of really fragmenting the society we belong to.’
When reading philosophy, make the assumptions that the author asks you to make in order to see what follows, even if you think differently yourself.
Double Captain of her heart CH
This blog is inspiring because it highlights the author's passion for reading, writing, and learning. She has another wonderful blog titled, Reading Beyond the Middle, in which she reviews and recommends books for her former students. That dedication to helping her students continue to be readers is an inspiring trait, don't you think?
Can you believe the grass really is that green and the mountain really is tinged with red?
A good working day today.
And, with outfits from high-street to high-end, the catwalk will showcase something for every budget and taste – whether you want to indulge your feminine side with pretty florals, grab attention with this season’s acid brights or spice it up a bit with the latest Miami trends.
Here are some photos taken at Cst. Phans Memorial and funeral, as you can see a national grieves along with the Brotherhood of the Thin Blue Line. Vu may you rest in peace Brother, we have your watch now!!! :
Drag queens, gender queer activists and cross dressing males don't speak for us.
And into that pot we can add Communism, built on the ideal of supposed egalitarianism. It resulted in genocide, economic failure and environmental, social and spiritual devastation.
Fermented 7 days at 19C with McCoy's house ale yeast, finished with champagne yeast
Over the last few days in our Krafty Peeks, we have shared lots of FUN new stamps for you to get inky with! We’ve got something for everyone!! There is a fun new set by Cheryl Alger for the little
I’ve been to Mistletoe House! It was a friend’s birthday today, so it was lovely to go out for a sociable cup of tea and piece of cake. Mistletoe House is a beautiful place to spend a while. It is more than a tea room. It is an art gallery and gift shop, all surrounded by a pretty garden. Sadly the weather today didn’t allow us to wander round the garden, but what a good excuse to go back another day.
small trickles and tiny skin vibrations
A normal 63 year old veteran, who could never have expected a confrontation with the VA Police, was threatened to lose his VA benefits and would have been possibly charged with a felony. His only crime was giving out Political Documentary DVD’s and biblical literature. This all happened at the Sheridan VA Medical Center.
But for some very WICKED reason, I kept thinking of "broccoli" while I was watching.
Well, I am also supposed to pick people to pass the award on to. This is where the procrastination part kicks in, as I am pressed for time. I guess what I can tell you is to go to my blog roll and visit all the people I have listed. They have great sites. I will, in the meantime, try to get my act together and nominate 6 people to pass the award to. If I don’t, this isn’t like a chain letter is it, where I will die or my hair will fall out if I don’t follow the directions, right? Gosh, I hope not.
I have to say I am so soooo disappointed with the customer service I've received and the fact that the employees were trying to make it seem like nothing was wrong with my ring. It wasn't bent that way before I brought it in to be fixed and the fact that I have now gone almost three weeks without my ring is ridiculous.
The reason to see this film is none of the above but instead – now – three fold. 1. Tom Hanks ability to be physically and verbally funny. 2. Meg Ryan’s ability to look as cute as anyone, thus further explaining why so many men have included her in their online dating profiles as the type of woman for whom they’re searching. 3. Abe Vigoda.
Bitterness
Bill Paxton (Boxing Helena)
6. The Believer
My flight was early so I had a taxi ordered for 5.45 am. I was generally faffing around the room at 5.10 am, juggling with the various permutations of where to stash away the various bits and pieces which still had to be stashed when the phone rang. My taxi was waiting for me! Now I am happy to be on the early side, but this was not helpful! Still, with the last final touches to the art composition that was my luggage, including an impromptu piece which was formed by stuffing a number of books into a carrier bag, I closed the door and left what had unexpectedly been my home for the past days.
Link back to the entry is a must...
Publication Date: December 14, 2011
I’m not saying I’m any better. I look for cultural value in everything, even when it’s not there. Seriously, try to find value in things like Bones. It’s not there. It’s entertainment. The problem is, these products of the media do say something about the society that produces them. It speaks to our interest in the ever-violent world of crime. It says something about our fascination with a woman in a typically male-dominated world (or at least that is how it is portrayed).
and our top 3 as chosen by nikki are
Our pains have been very intense and long, they may be emotional, mental or physical. Our Joy has been little, they fluctuate as voltage which is coming from a place where the source itself is not steady. I mean our joy depends on others. But this Joy that this body enjoys is beyond words.
(OMNS May 7, 2012) As a child, there was nothing I liked about going to the dental dispensary, with the possible exception of the large tropical fish aquarium in the waiting room. This was a distraction to what was coming: three hours in a vast hall containing a double line of black dental chairs and a matching double line of white-clad dental students. And that, as a six-year-old, is where I first met fluoride on a regular basis. After a free cleaning and checkup (the reason my cost-conscious parents had me go there, and the reason it literally took three hours to complete), fluoride was applied to my teeth with a swab. I remember both the smell (acrid) and the taste (astringent). I actually looked forward to the fluoride treatment, simply because it was the last thing they did to me before I was allowed to leave. Did it work? Probably not. In addition to my regular topical fluoride treatments, I lived in a city with fluoridated water and was raised on fluoridated toothpaste. And I had a mouthful of amalgam by high-school graduation.
The three Brisbane Annies - Chloe Thiel, Anita Munro and Xanthe Dunning. Picture: Liam Kidston Source: The Courier-Mail
In Mexico City.
So, this is one of three pieces that seemed to get me over my weird little hurdle. I'm doing a large custom bridal order (5 bridesmaids, a best lady, two moms, two flower girls, and the bride). This is the first of the bridesmaids' pendants, which will all be a little different.
I’m not sure what to expect out of my 30s. The last significant birthday I had was 21. People love to tell other people about the time they turned 21.
I’m a firm believer that anything bad or unjust done to another human being has to be paid in this life time. This would mean that if you literally cheated, mistreated, verbally or physically, abused another person, you have to pay the price. Before I continue to proceed, what is Karma? Where does it come from? Karma is a hinduism and Buddhist believe, (to name a couple) action seen as bringing upon once self inevitable results good or bad. Simple as that, there’s a million definitions but this was the easiest to understand during my search.
We ride into our beloved Jerusalem, the sacred destination of our wanderings these past many weeks. Here we will shout our hopeful hosannas, weep with unexpected sorrow, and celebrate our ultimate Answer. As we look about this place of our arrival, do we feel compelled to echo the behaviors of Jesus as he walked through the expectant streets towards Calvary? What do you feel when you look across your living landscapes, when you touch your city’s wealthy and impoverished walls, when you are carried away in the lofty cathedrals? Do you feel joy? Do you pray? Do you weep?
Jerry chose this moment to make his move. With a bold effort he charged the intruder and instantly passed out. I can take this guy, was the last thought in his mind.
I hugged my arms against my body. Glancing toward the balcony showed that none of the windows were broken or open. It wasn’t because I was cold.
You must also type up the winners post the following week after your DT week, and arrange for your winner to receive their prize from your sponsor.
So I was completely stunned when Da Man had my writing buddy, Caroline, call me up and take me to a Marriott Suites for a night and half a day of writing with absolutely no disturbances! While the kids did make sad faces at me and beg me not to go, I admit it was fabulous having a full night of intense writing and the ability to brainstorm with a trusted crit partner. I still have the twitch in my eye, but I'm feeling a bit more confident about making my deadline. And I owe it all to Da Man.
I hope that our family and friends near and far enjoy this blog where I hope to document our life through words and photography. Bare with me as this is a work in progress.
Rita A. Schulte is a licensed professional Christian counselor in the northern Virginia area. She has written a book entitled Sifted As Wheat: finding hope and healing through the losses of life which is currently represented by Hartline Literary Agency. Rita also hosts a weekly podcast show called Heartline. You can find her at www.siftedaswheat.com.
The traditional way to mince the wheat would be with a mincing machine commonly used for meat. Still, this is pretty messy work, and even if you prefer to do it this way, you'll have to do some extra stirring per hand to incorporate sugar and walnuts. The food processor does it all for you, at the push of a button.
In the first place, it is certain that the Turk has no right or command to begin war and to attack lands that are not his. Therefore, his war is nothing else than outrage and robbery, with which God is punishing the world, as He often does through wicked knaves, and sometimes through godly people. For he does not fight from necessity or to protect his land in peace, as the right kind of a ruler does, but like a pirate or highwayman, he seeks to rob and damage other lands, who are doing and have done nothing to him. He is God’s rod and the devil’s servant; there is no doubt about that.
We’ve all seen them, the movie endings that have been done so many times they’re nothing more than a cliche. But imagine the first time it was seen, it would have been thought of as a stroke of genius.
This villianization of aid dollars, when ultimately the donated bras are themselves just aid dollars restricted for use in the resale of secondhand bras, only serves to feed the monster that keeps development nerds up at night: the idea that sending money overseas is a waste, that instead we must send things so those corrupt Afghan police/Somali militants/development consultants don’t take a cut (or run off with the whole pot in the case of the development consultant.) But sending a copy of “The Feminine Mystique” or a jar of peanut butter overseas isn’t going to end poverty faster than donating $10 to an organization running women’s empowerment workshops or giving Plumpy’nut to starving babies (and running water and sanitation programs and doing cash transfers and….)
Scroll down for a list of the players for those who are hockey fans or fans of Canadian music. I am a fan of both.
Last Saturday night we had an incredible thunder and lightning storm. It was very intense and the lightning was so frequent it felt like a nonstop strobe light was in the house. At one point, just before midnight, there was a brilliant flash followed simultaneously by a deafening clap of thunder. Craig was asleep and immediately leapt out of his chair. I nearly over-turned the computer table, it scared me so badly. We ran upstairs to check on the girls, Lauren was hysterical, sitting in bed with her pillow wrapped around her ears. Livie was still sound asleep.
I feel better now that I know where I found this.
Type random gibberish. At least I’m hitting keys!
So come along with me! Let’s make a stand for what is true, honorable, right, pure, lovely, and admirable. Make a difference in your world!
Beat together the butter and sugar until well incorporated. Then mix in the egg, egg yolk, zest and almond extract. In a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, ground almonds, salt, finely chopped rosemary and baking powder. Gradually add the dry ingredients to the wet until the mixture just comes together. Take about ¾ of the dough and pat it into a disc shape, wrap it in plastic and put it in the fridge. Take the remaining dough and roll it into a log shape about 2ins (5cm) in diameter, wrap it in plastic and chill both pieces for about half an hour.
The disputed piece of land in Ayodhya, has two major contenders ,ostensibly representing Hindu and Muslim interests and sentiments ( though there are minor contenders too like the Buddhists and Jains).However, there are other , uncomfortable contenders of a different sort, too. There are at least six other sites with structures, in and around Ayodhya, unencumbered by mosques on top of them, which are believed by numerous Hindus to be the birthsite of Ram. Hence, the claim that the real Ram Janmabhoomi is exactly where the Babri Masjid stood necessarily involves dismissing the claims of these other contenders to Ram Janmabhoomi-hood and to inherent sacredness . This faithless claim of exclusivity runs antithetical to the vital force of hitherto dominant Indic style – where the quality of being sacred has a very distributed geography. All these are the birth-sites of Lord Ram. In Thailand, exists the old imperial capital city of Ayudhya or Ayuthhaya.It is as potently the city of Ram as any other. No order of precedence here. Indeed, it is a matter of faith, not chronology. The presence of so many sites of Ram hence points to a largely non-exclusive belief.
A few things have changed at feeding time though. Moon has always gotten a bit radical at supper time. He's not like this at breakfast and hardly blinks when he gets his afternoon snack...but come evening...Oh boy...does the jackass in him come out. I used to make sure to get his feed mixed up and get it to him as quickly as possible and then would feed everyone else.
They get to their feet, and then Brian goes for another take down right away. But, then Tickle gets his back. He’s working for a rear naked choke, but Brian is defending well. 30 seconds lef in the fight. Tickle is dominating from this position, but can’t quite sink the choke.
As the attic search continues, Kit sees something weird. It's the display of dolls from the dinner table, except that the "dead" ones are now in a pile away from the rest. Before they can do any more investigating, Rob hears the Constable's boat arrive. They leave the attic to round up the rest of the group.
This would be an enormous endeavor, though, and I’m relatively lax when it comes to doing posts simply due to the fact that I teach 6 writing classes and thus do my fair share of reading already. Still, I figured one simple way would be to look at bosses in dungeons and raids. That would satisfy who the “baddest of the bad” were as well as who’s vastly underrepresented. This will be another series, starting today with raid bosses, then looking at the dungeons over a correspondence or two.
What inspired you to form the Indelicates? What are your own musical backgrounds?
Hataway sat in handcuffs in the courtroom, freshly shaven and bald with a vacant look on his face for most of the day.
Line a sheet pan with oil and put a rack on top of the foil (if you have one, ok to skip it if not). Put the thighs skin side down on the rack.
The kids and I went down to visit my sister this weekend. She lives near D.C. with her husband and their son, Mitchell.
Dolores by T. Tex Edwards & Out on Parole
We have new travel photos posted at Viva la Voyage from our wonderful trip to magical Siem Reap, Cambodia. It is a place we cannot wait to go back to.
*Cardstock: PTI White; Stampin' Up! Baja Breeze
The graph shows a huge upswing in labor participation through the Reagan years. George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush kept the numbers up in Reagan territory. Since Obama has taken over, he has wiped out the entirety of the Reagan gains.
Coat the inside of a 9 inch pie dish with non-stick spray. Squeeze the rest of the water out of the spinach and place it in the bottom of the dish along with the cooked mushrooms and feta cheese... in no particular order.
New from Crystal Vision is the FTX-L 3G – a fibre optic transmitter designed to transmit 3Gb/s, HD or SD signals over large distances in a robust, reliable and space-saving way and including two input loop-throughs ideal for system checking or distributing input video.
All it takes is the smallest knock on the door.
“I spoke to the president of the Mayan Council, Apolinario Chile Pixtun, who said that these may not be the best things to reveal, because some of them are very negative.
About these lenses:
Make Pastry Cream: Beat egg yolks, sugar, cornstarch and vanilla together.
That said I might re pitch this yeast into another brew to see how the fermentation carries on during a re pitch. I'm thinking the beer will be a re brew of Sean Paxton's Archaic Beer, an Oierbeer type malt bill. This was one of the best beer's I've made in my opinion, the perfect mix of complex malt flavors, spicy yeast and low level sourness.
At low pH (acidic conditions) the hypochlorite ion will bond with hydrogen to form hyopchlorous acid (HOCl) . This is a weak disinfectant and it should be avoided. Keep the pH over 7 to favor the formation of the hypochlorite ion.
While I am inquiring about the concerned office and officer over a narrow wooden reception desk, an old aged man dressed in Shalwar Kamiz, almost stretching on the guazed chair gives me the direction as he points towards the ceiling saying 2nd floor.
Eggs: 2 nos
Wool Fat – See Lanolin.
Here is our life in instagram pics from here lately. Enjoy.
The Farm on Adderley is combining two of our favorite things: food and history. On Jan. 25 the Ditmas Park restaurant will serve a menu inspired by pre-industrial Brooklyn — meaning the ingredients will be those that would have been grown or available to Brooklyn farmers, and the foods will have been preserved through pre-electricity preservation techniques.
10 Uncover and add onions. Raise heat to medium to reduce liquid. The only sauce should be what clings to the meat. Check for salt and serve.
And that's all I need to remember.
“He did right in the sight of the Lord…”
Dave reminded me of how disappointed I am in the Globe and Mail. He thought of the same Ibbitson column, but put it in relation to the F-35 lies that are flying faster and more furious than any vapourware JSF jet. (hyperlinks added are my additions):
Snow by Carol Ann Duffy
For now, i'll leave you with a pic of Little Man on his Bday.
You have two or more characters in a room and they need to talk. How do you make it believable and compelling and not stunted and boring?
Authorities arrived on scene to find the car smashed, abandoned and upside down.
Hey People!
Dearest, I’ll stay alive for you.
I already had an iPod Touch (naturally), and so had delved into the world of quilting apps just a bit. But I really got going when I got my iPad, but there were so many to choose from, and, being the busy, on-the-go mom and writer that I am, I just didn't have time to go through them all and look at the reviews and decide which ones would work well for me. So, I asked my own personal mom* to help out by testing the top ten quilter's apps and giving me her honest opinion on whether I should buy them. Thanks, Mom!
School runs, work, after school activities, day to day excitement of washing, cleaning, grocery shopping.
Here are some of the pictures from the event…….
Greta’s head was bent, hung and dangling at a near 90 degrees resting on her muddy shoulder, then dropped chin to chest as the dead raised itself from the bench without so much as a push upward. Levitation and nightmarish miracles were suddenly the order of the day. Greta partly hovered and shuffled on air with a twisted leg trailing behind. A bone, black as charcoal, had torn through the middle of her thigh. Matilda watched memory approach, her closet opened wide enough to let out horrors, as the Bernadette listened to the ranting brutality of the entitled rejected from their ride. After all these years, Greta's was neck still unhinged as it had been at the bottom of the stairwell.
But the good news is, she has terrific grandparents, and she was staying out there for a couple of weeks, and it was just a matter of timing that kept this particular mission from reaching its final stage of conclusion.
At one point we emailed Prof. A. to ask a question and she got back to us within a half hour…other profs have done this for us too…it is nice to have people who care about their students and their jobs. Overall, I am hoping for the best and at least feel like I knew what I should have. Because grades are on a curve and whatnot, there is no set grade for where whatever points you earned will get you. Your grade very much depends on the continuum based off of your entire class. Although there is a lot more to write and much more I would like to include, tonight’s just not the night, so I will have to call it quits.
The next village after Kluizen is Ertvelde, home of the industrious Brouwerij Van Steenberge. The best of this brewery dominates the 100 plus beer menu of De Bierkamer, but treasures from smaller breweries from all over Belgium are also to be found. Do not expect any primitive lagers, though- only quality is allowed into the highly presentable beer list.
Had a jacket potato for tea after clearing around the microwave area and scrubbing the microwave clean as it could get, Mr N hoovered, madam E tidied her bedroom as she hates the hoovers noise and the son was at school practising for a food culinary competition by cooking some lovely mixed veg in a brown bread (he made that too) surround, brought it home, it were right tasty, nice one son!
“Welcome to UniBook, where every book is unique. You may have previously known us as WWAOW but due to innovation and expansion we have been given a new name. UniBook is the place for writers, publishers and businesses to publish and sell books. With the UniBook services anyone can self publish a manuscript and have it listed in our online bookstore. UniBook will print, bind, and pack your book on-demand and ship it anywhere in the world. No need to carry stock and no set-up fees or fixed costs. Discover the world of self publishing and create your own unique book with UniBook.”
Like some sort of super hero."
-Open the lid,toss and stir fry till the moisture content disappears.
Nathanael’s response is not as sarcastic as it may seem. Nathanael’s recognizes the Messiah was prophesied to come from Bethlehem and not Nazareth. Nathanael’s most likely is calling into question Phillip’s assertion that they had found “ the one written of in law and prophets.” Keep in mind history tells us that there were a number that claimed to be the messiah at this time. Nathanael was a straight-shooter and we see that Jesus recognizes this in Nathanael in how he addresses him. The use of Israelite indicates that Nathanael was a Israelite not my mere linage, but in character according to the law. The use of the word Israelite here is a sense of honorable. Not only does Jesus address Nathanael in an honorable sense but also comments on the fact that Nathanael is free from deceit. The word used in the KJV is “guile” and literally means “bait for fish.” Jesus is not saying here that Nathanael was sinless, but that he showed no deceit or hypocrisy. Nathanael recognizes the earnest with which Jesus addresses him and asks; “how do you know me?” Jesus answer to this question was enough for Nathanael and he believed. Nathanael’s confession indicates the completeness with which he believed – without a shadow of doubt and commits himself to Jesus. Jesus statement of what Nathanael would see is a clear connection to the vision Jacob had of the ladder with angles ascending and descending. To an Israelite this would carry great significance. Jesus is saying here, however, that He is the ladder that communicates between heaven and earth. Christ is more than a Rabi or teacher, he is our redeemer, but having said that, he is our teacher as well. Our conformation to His image can impeded in direct proportion to our lack of learning from Him.
Bad sheep shagging jokes aside, this former Viking trading post has a rich culture of sorts, most notably it has been the home of classic writers Dylan Thomas (born and bred in Swansea) and Kingsley Amis (Swansea University lecturer). Other luminaries of celebrity who hail from these parts include Chris 'Cookie' Coleman, Micheal "Tarzan" Heseltine, and Lily Allen's dad. Fantastic - it's more than what Croydon ever came up with (Scouser Steve Coppell's makeshift centre forward Coleman was respected by the Selhurst crowd and they voted him as part of the Centenary XI in 2005).
137No silver saints, by dying misers giv'n,
The story here finds the Progressive Party Convention deadlocked. Neither of the candidates for Governor can win the convention, so on campaign conceives of a spoiler, a "dark horse," to break the logjam. If their dark horse can siphon off just a smidge of the other candidate's support, their guy wins. Only the other side foxes them, and the dark horse wins the nomination. The dark horse in question is one one Zachary Hicks, a simple man in more than one meaning of the word. The party muckety mucks turn to ace campaign manager Hal Samson Blake at the urging of Kay Russell, their secretary. She knows that Blake can get anyone elected, even a turnip like Hicks. And lo and behold, he's successful. He manages Hicks to play up the fact that he's just as dumb as everyone else, that the voters are choosing someone who is on their level. Meanwhile, Blake has his own problems. He wants to marry Kay, but he also has to deal with his vengeful ex-wife, Maybelle. Maybelle, herself, has been co-opted by the opposition in a scheme to disgrace Hicks, but she winds up fouling Blake's relationship with Kay instead.
But where I found something to like in this video…so much so that despite never having listened to anything else by Perry (at least not intentionally) I bought it because there is simply not enough being put out there that shows the members of the armed services as the badasses that they are.
Who am I kidding, who gives a rip when you call for a protest and only 9 show up? Good job occupying, guys. Arlo Guthrie would be proud.
He must be about ten-years old now. His father probably reminds him to do his homework, pick up his toys, or finish his dinner. He must have been grounded once or twice by now. He might have begged his father to buy him the latest games, to let him stay up late at night, or that he’s old enough to own a cell phone.
During the past few years, several reports in the popular press unveiled a future of saliva-based diagnostic tests. These stories highlighted the painlessness of collecting saliva, the broad range of informative biochemicals such as hormones and biomarkers that are naturally dissolved in the fluid, and the near real-time speed of obtaining results. As promising as these scenarios are, they depend on continued technological progress to more fully integrate the various miniaturized components, automate the testing process, and validate the results to be as good as or better than standard blood tests. Through the continued integration of biology with engineering, physics, and computer sciences, the necessary technological breakthroughs now are coming online, and in recent years preliminary data have been published to begin the process of validating the accuracy and practicality of salivary diagnostics (NIDCR, 2007).
hovering
100g very cold butter cubed
I want to thank you, for giving me the best day of my life. Oh, just to be with you, is having the best day of my life.
It is in the Beloved that our redemption is found. From eternity, God considers the elect to be in Christ. Before our mystical union is effected with us in time, it is already a present reality in the mind of God.
How loud is it acceptable to sing along to 50 Cent's Baby By Me? Does 'doing that weird vogue movement' with your head make any difference? Is Baby By Me the new Baby Got Back? How frikken awesome is P!nk? Why don't more people sing loudly in their cars? What is it called when you kind of dance along behind the steering wheel? What do you do to kill time in traffic?
Do you want to own the Crush Control ARC?
REAGAN: Now, now, young man, there you go again.
I first met her, now fiance (AH), on my 21st birthday. Lying on the Trail’s End bathroom floor, crying and puking, I clearly made an excellent first impression. But Kristen and I are a bit of a package deal so when they told me the news, I welcomed him to the “family.” My only regret is that breaking news like this SUCKS over Skype. But, I’m so ridiculously excited for them and I can’t wait until I’m uncontrollably sobbing while giving my Maid of Honor speech (which I can assure you will be the prefect combination of touching sentiment, wine, and age-appropriate comedic material).
COVER loosely with cling-film and place back in the refrigerator
A beautiful woman in the rain
Monday – May 14, 2012
Municipalities will have the opportunity to purchase the home(s) but…
writes to find the words
The sheet of patterened paper is from 7 Gypsies...Lille Paper: Beautiful. I cut different pictures from the paper, mounted it on black cardstock (scrap stash), the card base is Natural (Archivers), and the ribbon is from SU!.
I love these little guys and look forward to hearing their singing each spring. It can almost be deafening though if you are in a large marshy area where there are a lot of them. They really should get the award for loudest sound per cubic centimeter of frog. If you’re curious, click here to listen to a recording.
- the one time i was sitting in the tire swing and the branch broke.
Fellers estimated that Tom was shot sometime during the first week of the month. He said he’s keeping Tom inside from now on “until this episode gets through.” He said a downstairs tenant said her cat also was shot with a pellet gun around the same time.
He met his 8-month old granddaughter for the first time yesterday. He phoned me with tears in his voice to announce that she was the most beautiful baby.
i won't lie, I am surprised how much homework parker does in kindergarten
Working from home is absolutely amazing. Work has been pretty slow so I'm not sure I've gotten a true taste of what it could be like, but I've really enjoyed being able to sleep in, get errands done, hang out with my puppy and keep the TV all while I'm working. And doing that in yoga pants isn't half bad either.
LMBO!!! I thought I’d have a little fun with this article
What is a Life if one never takes risks?
4. Lesson: If you find the right group of people to engage in it with, it is acceptable to break out in song that perfectly describes your life in that exact moment.
I wouldn’t think so. I can think, however, of other reasons to be thus rejected. Take the case of James Salter. He is indeed a good—but surely not too good—writer, which could be resented and rejected by writers conspicuously less good, envious and exclusionary. Bernard Shaw wittily entitled one of his plays with the reversal of that formula, Too True to Be Good. So Salter may be too true a writer, or even too truthful a person, to be tolerated by lesser writers afraid of his calling their bluff, questioning their exaggerated self-esteem.
Pour enough of marinara in the bottom of an 8×8 baking dish to cover the bottom. Using a clean dry towel, blot remaining moisture and salt from zucchini and layer 4 noodles across the sauce.
The cover and info on the next edition of Doctor Who Monster Invasion magazine:
My own contributions to the Historical Materialism Communist history stream are reflected in two papers, presented to the conference, that will appear on this website during the coming month: ‘The Comintern in 1922: The Periphery Pushes Back’, and ‘The Workers’ Government: Fiction, Pseudonym, or Transition?’
Below I’ve highlighted the paragraphs that provide details on digital magazine circulation. I’ve focused on digital replica circulation because that’s what the majority of ABC members report. As a reminder, replica is the only type of digital circulation eligible for inclusion in rate base.
5. Ebooks are outselling paper books, bookstores are closing, and ereaders keep getting more advanced while coming down in price.
I have been waiting for the perfect time to make one and with Easter only being a week away, I thought now would be as good a time as any!
The characters are funny and smart and have more depth than you think. I started to read and immediately was enchanted by the family Bridgerton. Simon Basset was not a boring character either.
The relationship between women and food is more often than not a difficult and negative one. Women are pressured into looking good, and almost made to feel guilty when they enjoy their food.
This last meeting our teacher brought us retired questions from the CA Standards Test so we could better evaluate where she was. Well we're knee deep in math. Ugh. She has a lot to catch up before 4th grade. I am afraid she is going to follow in my math footsteps, where I had to have tutoring to pass my math classes. Math does NOT come easily to me. I have hopes that her Dad's math genes will kick in and she will buzz right along. Fingers crossed.
This is an interesting cheese. It would make a good conversation piece on a cheese plate. Because it is subtle, I think that most people would find it pleasant. It would be entertaining to see how different guests would describe it. I expect there would be a lot of “hmmm’s” and a few “I’m not quite sure” but ultimately the simple conclusion “it’s good”.
but Claire's got your back!
On October 18, Grammy-nominated artist Matisyahu will begin an extensive fall tour across North America, including stops in Los Angeles and Philadelphia. The tour coincides with the release of his upcoming EP, Shattered (Epic Records, October 21). The four-song EP features tracks from his new full-length album, Light (due out in early 2009). Matisyahu will guide fans through songs from this forthcoming album during listening parties after each show on the fall tour.
When it was cut.
as at 6th December 1893.
I go to DC tomorrow for the weekend with one of my bridesmaids, Dell. Save Ryan a trip. We're going to Shamrock Fest Saturday and I am pretty excited. I love Saint Patrick's Day... the party Ryan and I met at was for that!!
The easy answer was to tune to 518kHz for a few hours, run YaND and see what turned up.
This past weekend, we got photos in from Sofia's family (as well as four others), along with some great messages. I, in turn, spent a lot of time enjoying photos, thinking about ways to possibly grow this project beyond Mission One, and burning a hole in Wikipedia.
Everton are not winning enough at home. Blackburn are competitive in almost every game they play, when they lose it seems to be by just the one goal. All things considered, I think they’ll both avoid defeat at Goodison Park.
Purple paisley skirt: thrifted from Rerun
Nate: He says you're welcome.
We want to encourage every Cricut Circle™member to participate. We will be choosing our winner at random, and you can enteras many times as you want. It might get a little crazy, but we think it will be really funto see how many entries we can get. So run, don’t walk, to your machines and getbusy! You can create any kind of project you would like—just make sure to use yourexclusive Letter Envy cartridge on it.
Diablo II
He’s gonna find me some piece of mind
Adding the vodka.
these are the japanese symbols for peace...and in japan, the crane symbolizes many wonderful things like honor, loyalty, luck, and hope. i gave this card to my mother for her birthday.
Knowing reminders of your visit.
French immigration minis­ter Brice Hortefeux has represented all the 27 EU states, including Britain, in a succession of whirlwind tours through west Africa to help create a strategy.
Chocolate Stout is tasting nice! Raspberries are a bit zingy right now, but that will smooth out in a week or two. This should be nicely charged on beergas for the Bluebonnet too.
that relects upon the sea.
Those who persisted in these activities were themselves expelled, or they broke away in despair." (APN emphasis). Which tells the whole sad story. Final thought: If adulation must be tolerated, it should be reserved for pop stars and soccer players. When they fail, as indeed they eventually must, they leave behind a trail of bitter-sweet memories. But politicians who fall from grace leave only a bitter harvest behind them.
In 2003 the orchestra name changed to the BlueScope Steel Youth Orchestra (BSYO).
“I think new writer Steven Moffat has a big challenge following such a successful and popular Doctor – but he’s an excellent choice and if anyone can fill Russell T Davies’ shoes, then he’s the man to do it.
Im gonna try and do a quicky post tonight, cause its already 24.00 and im soooo tiered.
It's going out at $15.00 + postage.
This past Monday marked the first International Jazz Day, declared by UNESCO to celebrate jazz as “…an educational tool and a force for peace, unity, dialogue and enhanced cooperation among people.” Even though this blog featured the sexy eighteenth century swing of Domenico Cimarosa on April 30, this blogger didn’t forget the occasion; he just chose to save his two cents for after the celebration.
Love London's stuff, none-the-less and the cover art is nicely handled.
Anyway, I am excited about trying some of the dished from these book. The only problem is that it is too hot to cook lately!
This week for FBFF we're talking about instagram and how it affects our blogging. Personally, instagram has done wonders for my entire blogging experience, from attracting new folllowers, finding new blogs to follow, advertising my etsy business, meeting new friends, and last of not least advertising what I currently have on the blog!
7. Something Is Missing (Christiansen) 4:51
I'm still here. Just haven't had much Sharpie time.
I watched JB take a bite or two, and after each bite he made this horrible face. Then Miss M started crying real tears and tried to tell me it just didn't taste the same. BAH!! It's the same yogurt you've been eating for three years!! Although, I must admit at this point I thought, what if the yogurt is bad? Now, I hate yogurt so me tasting it isn't going to help, I think it all tastes rancid!! So I kept at it..."eat it and be done" "two big spoonfuls JB, then you'd be done" "don't you want cookies??????"
To not need my tweezers so desperately.
Administrative functions currently assigned to the minister under the Companies Act, are to be placed within the jurisdiction of the commission and it will act as an autonomous statutory body outside the public service.
Monday - Taco soup with tortilla chips
Oh, so the budgets are strapped for cash, so they’re going after everyone else now? Well, then they have to get everyone in the city to pull their records don’t they? This is ridiculous.
It was just time to move on, Belinda thought to herself as she threw her bag full of school books into the nearest trash can with as much force as she could. A metal clang rang out echoing into the air as the book bag hit empty metal trash can. Belinda didn't feel a thing as she watch the trash can sway from the force of impact; people got GED's all the time and were still able to make a living, she whispered to herself. Still shielded by her hair, she walked the few blocks home and climbed up the tree to her window on the second story of their Victorian suburb so her Mother wouldn't know she had come home. After she pulled herself through the window, she ran as quietly as she could to lock her bedroom door. Her mother usually left the house at 7:30AM and she didn’t want her to come barging into her room to snoop around and find her there. Her mother wouldn’t understand and just drag her back to school and make her stay if she found her home. She was all by herself and it was up to her to figure things out from here. It was just time to go. She’d be eighteen in a few months anyway. Even though Belinda used to be very close to her mother she just couldn’t talk to her anymore. Strangely, she felt very indifferent about that. Belinda had figured out that her mother had been spying on her and lying to her every opportunity that her mother got. Then her Mother had the audacity to deny it when Belinda had finally confronted her about it. Contrary to whatever they believe, she knew better, Belinda randomly thought to herself. She may have been born at night but she wasn’t born last night. She knew her room was no longer safe and probably rigged with one of those nanny bears and the video feed was downloaded to some application on her Mother’s new iPhone. That was probably why her mother had been so excited to finally get the newest one. It probably made it easier for her mother to upload and sell the video feed online to pay for her expensive make up. That is why she wasn’t even going to leave a note. Her mother would find out through the videos. Belinda just hoped the delay in the video feed was long enough to allot her enough time to get the hell out of this place. Silently she moved about her room, trying to stick to the shadows. Even though it was well past 7:30AM and no one was home now; she didn’t know where the camera were placed. She wanted to make sure that she put enough distance between her and the house before her mother was alerted to anything suspicious. Belinda froze in place to take a minute to listen for any sounds of stirring in the house. Then she returned to recovering all the cash she had stashed all throughout her room just in case a moment like this arose. It took about a half hour to recover everything and she still wasn’t sure that she had it all but she had five-hundred and seventy-three dollars. That should be enough to get her out of this no-where town and get her through until she could get a job somewhere. Belinda dug around the closet for a suitcase. She ended up packing a week’s worth of cloths into her old cheerleading duffle bag before heading down the stairs to raid the kitchen for some supplies.
You blog regularly (2-3 times a week)
They checked him out to see if there was any physical reason for the behavior, and couldn’t find anything. So, the conclusion is that he is clinically anxious. Yes, even the cat has an mental disorder.
old Florida girl are facing
I really do wonder what purpose it serves some institutions to maintain even the facade of a pretence of Catholicism. It would be the Devil's work if it was purely to hold on to the trust funds. The same trust funds given by devout Catholics that pay for their generous salaries and fund their extended holidays. But back to the 'Mission Statement'. It does talk about Christian Values and lists them~ unfortunately only the ones that could be drawn from any other world philosophy. Nothing to offend here! Perhaps that's where I should start!
Stir batter until smooth. Add cinnamon to taste.
That made me want to make some heart ones, which I did, but I felt silly sharing that 2 weeks after V-Day, so you will have to wait til next year to see them. They are also half finished... so yeah.
cam: hartblei 6x6
"Where do you think you are? Leningrad?"
"Hi honey are you okay?" I asked.
Whilst the cake is baking, start the buttercream. Melt the chocolate, either in a microwave, in a bowl over a pan of simmering water, or in a small saucepan (if you are very careful). Allow to cool.
As we all prepare for Christmas, as we plan the day & the meal and buy gifts for our loved ones… we must never lose sight of the “Reason for the Season”. If not for God’s greatest gift of His Son to mankind, we would not be who we are today. For without Him we can do nothing.
Now hold on I am actually doing something a little different tonight....
Six Point Righteous Ale
Artizan shopping centre,Dumbarton,Scotland (Jermon Developments, sold to LaSalle Investment Management for GBP 4.85m, July 2011)
not surprised really. It's kind of a weird album. But it was
It's also unclear how (or if) the new policy applies to my blog. I don't actively share my blog with students, but anyone can find it by googling me. I know for a fact that some students read my blog, and some even comment occasionally, and I'm okay with that. Does the new "no contact via social media" policy apply here? I don't know.
I need to seriously look into some scholarships. And need to seriously start budgeting my money. And I need to seriously just learn to calm the fuck down a little.
In my view the central diocese should step back from making such determinations, and hand over the responsibility for funding clergy to the parishes themselves, supplemented by a mission fund to support churches in more vulnerable areas. Failing that, we could at least shift to a system that excluded population from consideration, and tied the deployment of clergy directly to the size of congregations.
I met Mark at a brewery on St. Patty’s Day. I wasn’t really looking for a guy at this point, but I wasn’t not looking. Anyway, this brewery is not really a place to meet people, but it was a good place to go watch the game and drink green chile beer with my girlfriends. By the way, if you haven’t had green chile beer, you need to try it. It is delicious.
Strawberries dipped in chocolate will be my birthday cake.
Congratulations to UKIP for putting country before party by not running against MP's of similar conviction who wish to see the people of the UK be granted a referendum on EU membership.
Have a wonderful day!
I understand that conversations with your friends about the game last night or “she said this and like…like…like…” is really important to you but could you avoid blocking entrance ways and pathways? I’d like to get to my friends to have those same conversations too.
The huntsman turned,
Her self-esteem cannot be based on physical features, possession or lack of a particular talent, or comparative quantities of anything. Her self-esteem is earned by individual righteousness and a close relationship with God. Her outward glow is generated by goodness within. And her patience is much more apparent than any imperfection. (See D&C 67:13.)
1. Boil the potatoes whole with the skin in salted water until cooked.
Here’s an excerpt:
Meredith Emily June Ewart, 29, Hoboken, N.J.
~You will receive 20% off (retail prices) on all purchases online or from our trade show booth for the length of your term (designer to pay shipping if online order).
Our spring cleaning will be a summer’s cleaning. Since we won’t be pressured to move right away in the apartment because the trailer is 15 minutes from there and we can live there as long as we want, we will be able to clean, paint and place everything without having to live in a mess.
A real description of the assailants would not be PC. (March 26, 2012, by your best nightmare) MORE
Was it all that easy
Thanks, friend - I needed that.
* 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Of course I’m a geek, as we all know by now, and as a geek I’ve read and researched and informed myself to the point of madness. And now we’re here on the day of the first appointment, the first information-gathering, answer-seeking, face-to-face with a professional who can help me answer the Big Burning Question, and I’m so well-informed that I can’t concentrate on anything else but the nasty thoughts that are crowding into my brain. Though I can amuse myself, at least, by imagining the Monty Python scene with the Killer Bunny, whose legendary nasty, sharp, pointy teeth are the nemesis of King Arthur’s men. It looks all cute and fuzzy and innocent on the surface, but don’t get too close — it’ll gnaw your head off.
A trial in which evidence may have been obtained by torture. Torture in a modern country like the United States? Torture in a country that claims to protect humans? Torture in a country that belongs to UN and should adhere to the basic principle of Human right.
Adult categories of ﬁction, and to me these two go hand in
My old letters add up to a diary of our days, forgotten moments with our children, moods of summer afternoons or wintry mornings long ago when I sat down to add my commentary to the family circle letter.
4:30 AM - Penelope wakes up. Takes another 3 ounces plus breastfeeds for about 5 min first. I go back to sleep around 5:30.
We have the opportunities to make memories,
I am smoked
It would take forever to comment on each of the forwards; in short, I just want to give special thanks to Jordan Staal for playing like such a beast. I thought Sid and Geno played as well as they could, considering Sid was far from mid-season form and forced to check Claude Giroux and that Malkin had Sean Courturier hanging from his balls at all times.
Andy Warhol
Looking forward to the next session on Friday
11:30 - the waiter comes over to ask why you're being so obnoxious.
Fort Smith Park is on Wheeler Avenue, just west of Midland Boulevard in Fort Smith, and includes numerous picnic tables, a boat ramp to the Arkansas River, and is visited by a large number of area residents throughout the year. It’s an old park, with old trees; a park I often visit for photographs, and I’m seldom disappointed…
by dusty memories in my mind.
Free Volunteer aged 22 years
A planned city, perhaps the region’s first, by an Emperor to honour a Sufi saint.
Rents Continue to Climb Which Makes Buying Even Better
Finally, home. Actually, we've now been home six nights ... and long nights they have been. We are all battling jet-lag, but Emi's is far worse. Actually, if you were to ask her, she'd tell you she's just fine it's these crazy adults in her life that insist on trying to change her sleep patterns.
Some of the best recipes are a product of total accidents. This recipe is one of those. I started out the day throwing a bunch of ingredients in the crock pot so we'd have something to eat for dinner. That evening when I got home from work, I was trying to decide if I should make chicken soup or chicken pot pie. I decided on soup, and added the noodles, and then without thinking about it, went right over to the stove and started making the roux for pot pie!
Most regular teas I steep without worrying about covers and lids, unless of course it's in a pot. Some herbals, though, especially a milk-thistle blend I like (helps the ol' liver), really benefit from a lid over the cup, as some of the oils can lift away in the steam.
than we.
sift flour, baking soda and baking powder and set a side
You love your Daddy! When you hear the garage door open you start laughing and looking at the door waiting for him to come inside :) You love taking books to him for him to read to you. Daddy is really good about having you walk places with him - he lets you use his fingers to hold on to or gets your blue hippo to push. He also taught you to bounce the red ball while he holds you - you throw it down and he catches it when it bounces back up :) It makes my heart just melt when I hear you two playing together - laughing, singing, and talking!
forever. The love that the little boy had for his
At any rate, having written my teaching statement, I figure I might as well post it here. As you will see, it represents the shift in my thinking about historical education from a traditional and un-articulated sense of critical-historical thinking, into an every present interest in and concern with the collateral learning that I hope to encourage in my courses.
So all of you who are much better at making circle cards than me, break out all your cool tools for making circles, grab a Mo image, and come join in the fun!
4. Cat macros. Yes, I know I said I hated them above. But they’re cute little pictures of kittens! Doing adorable things! Quite frankly, the world needs more pictures of adorable little kittens. In fact, I’m thinking about making some macros with pictures of my cats.
There are no facts - I'm a fiction writer! (A fun answer)
Running headphones are a great thing for people who want to work out longer, harder, or (for beginners) at all. They can make it easier to start exercising if you are currently out of the habit. They can give you the drive you need to work harder, or to keep at it longer.
Time Magazine referred to him as the internet’s “most combative conservative impresario”, which seems to have been a well-deserved accolade, one I feel sure that made him proud. A champion of the Tea Party and baiter of Obama (he described him as Marxist in an interview with the New York Times), he set up conservative websites like Big Government, Big Journalism and Big Hollywood, the three areas of American life which he considered to be dominated by a liberal elite, unreflective of the views of ordinary people.
She’s taped three quarters to three fingers
We should cultivate sattvic life-style as the basis for our experiences. This means avoiding aggression and emotional agitation within us. A sattvic life style will help ground our experiences. A vegetarian diet is a good aid for a pure mind and clear experiences. Our experiences should center on offering our ego to the Divine presence within, not on glorifying ourselves or gaining power over others.
but next time will leave the aubergine out !
Bell's Brewery, Inc. Bell's Special Double Cream Stout
For me normally the biggest crime a game can commit is to be boring – I can tolerate a poorly designed game if I have to as long as it’s enjoyable. Red Faction Armageddon was a boring game to play through but that isn’t the issue that troubles me the most.
15. Poli Genova “Na Inat”
your discrepancies and differences.
Publisher: Dutton Juvenile
4. Words With Friends is now on Android phones. More competitors=more winning=more fun.
"That's more like it, Deanna!" Will says, "Now go and enjoy the first Conference while I relax by the pool. Let's hear no more about Lynne Shelloi."
Saturday- Burgers and Hotdogs w/potato salad
This is where C.A.P and I sat from 9:30 until 11:30. He sat on the potty (yes, for two hours) and I sat on the floor.
The luncheon will be from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. with a program including a local tourism update from the CVB, an awards presentation, and a state tourism update from Lt. Governor Jay Dardenne. The luncheon is a local celebration of National Tourism Awareness Month and state-recognized Tourism Awareness Week.
Seeing as we just had a few primaries and the midterm elections are around the corner, it’s a good time to review some of our confused political climate’s favorite political cliches. Today’s talking point comes courtesy of the GOP and their idolization of the free market. If we’ve heard it once, we’ve heard it a thousand times: The market will correct itself.
With gentle force the filbert's flow, softens curving edges while
In the 20-year period (katun) which began in 1991 and will complete in 2012, they anticipated this katun would bring ‘scarcity and the arrival of great leaders’. It is also the katun of ‘remembering knowledge and writing it down’.
Sat, 9:45pm: Wow! What a game!
Yet I embrace you and love you again
We did not plant it because we thought it would make a good cash crop or promote food security to any significant degree*. Others on the island think there's money to be had and are currently growing it. I don't begrudge anyone from growing wheat here but I would recommend that anyone who considers the prospect first sharpen their pencils. Once our own wheat heads up but before the seed gets too viable, I plan to under sow some winter pea and then crimp the wheat down to kill it.
What are you waiting for? Grab your copy today!!
One of my family favorite food is pizza. With endless topping to choose from, you never feel bored to have pizza even on daily basis.
Rinse brussel sprouts. Cut off the base of each sprout and remove any old or discolored leaves. Slice each brussel in half. Pour oil in pan. Add halved sprouts. Season to taste. Gently turn with a spatula while sauteeing 10-15 minutes, until lightyl browned and the center is slightly softened. They should still have that fresh vegetable crunch, but soft enough to chew comfortably.
Power always sincerely, conscientiously, de très bon foi, believes itself right. Power always thinks it has a great soul and vast views, beyond the comprehension of the weak.
STAGE DIRECTION: THE DEAD RISE AND DANCE THE CANCAN and A LANDSCAPE CALLED LEOPOLD
We’ll be called for our service come Judgment Day
I have to wait until Friday to see if we get the Flat Made in Heaven.
By Patrick Ness
Back in highschool, Yves Rocher was the first and the only beauty store I bought products from. I never bought anything from The Body Shop because just walking by the front entrance was a challenge – the smells coming from The Body Shop were always too overwhelming for me. The prices were also way out of my measly budget. Fruits & Passion was also very intimidating, as there was usually a painting of a nude woman at the front entrance. Somehow I got the feeling that the atmosphere in those stores was very oppressive. I felt very pressured to buy something, and usually that just made me hightail it out as quickly as possible.
A new year, a new blog theme. This year has to be brighter and more positive than its predecessor, not necessarily in action, because we can only control the things that happen up to a certain point, but in attitude. Because that of all things can actually be controlled. This is my mission for 2012 and reflected in my new blog theme. That and the fact that we decided that my old blog theme actually better suited FTH:K, so I magnanimously gave it up. I know, I know. Such a selfless girl am I…NARF!
The 1830 Greek Revival townhouse at 23 Washington Square North has not been available for sale for half a century. It can be yours, however, the asking price is $25 million dollars. The size is 8,528 square feet or a cost of $2,931 per square foot. There are only 7 apartments on 5 floors. Do the math and you will see the problem - if this building were converted to units for sale, the cost per apartment including carrying charges would be stratospheric. Many buildings like this will often sell to one individual who will convert it to a single family home.
1 hoof
But blessed are your eyes because they see, and your ears because they hear. For truly I tell you, many prophets and righteous people longed to see what you see but did not see it, and to hear what you hear but did not hear it.” Matthew 13: 10-16
I also almost died during the second ep, but then, I started to have a fun, to like some characters and in the end of 3rd ep I was rolling over my table in a huge LOL...
The best part of the run besides just having that feeling you get while running when you haven’t in a while — be it 4 days or 4 months — was the little girl who biked by and said “Hey, look another friend!” as I ran by. Her dad chased after her and said “Yep.”
#142 the Elvis statue in some neighbor’s garden
Are you struggling with anything in your writing process right now?
Of course very few people would deny that the character of American schoolchildren has changed dramatically over the decades.
His support of other communist dictatorships is blatant. In July 1991, Nelson and Winnie Mandela were in Cuba to celebrate the communist revolution with Fidel Castro. As Winnie referred to Cuba "as our second home," Nelson Mandela addressed the ceremony saying,
Confirming that was the first-ever example of a counter-protest, a well-engineered effort by Forest City Ratner--with several operatives on hand--to assemble a boisterous crowd of union workers and Community Benefits Agreement signatories, groups that have received the developer's support. No pro-project elected officials were visible.
Now, that’s what I call a gamble well lost.
A Heart of Flesh
Currently, my blog is saying that I can no longer upload pictures until a pay a monthly fee.. Weird? Anyone's blog doing that? I am going to try to figure that out tonight then I have tons of stuff to post! So I have BIG plans for this blog! I will keep it up dated with little Laikynn, more tutorials, more baby and kids stuff, and my diet and exercise plan for losing weight and getting in shape after having a baby!
has gone by this year.
(and yes, I know I'm behind again. But, I've already blogged more than I have in the past four months, so I'm calling this a success.)
“…I can’t help detesting my relations. I suppose it comes from the fact that none of us can stand other people having the same faults as ourselves. I quite sympathize with the rage of the English democracy against what they call the vices of the upper orders. The masses feel that drunkenness, stupidity, and immorality should be their own special property, and that if any one of us makes an ass of himself, he is poaching on their preserves. When poor Southwark got into the divorce court, their indignation was quite magnificent. And yet I don’t suppose that ten per cent of the proletariat live correctly.”
* Develops accurate, easy to read, & useful information reports
"The leak in the Gulf of Mexico is relatively tiny compared with the size of the ocean."
Find Justin Boots and other great deals on Cowboy boots and Cowgirl boots that can take your Western outfits to a whole new level.
is growing fast and
10 Snow
About a month ago, G took it upon herself to plant all of our silverbeet in the herb bed. Consequently, we have had so much silverbeet growing in our garden we can't eat it quickly enough. Even the chooks are over it. So, with too much Silverbeet to eat, Jo and I decided to head off to the Glenbrook markets and try our luck at selling it at a local produce market stall.
So, here ya go friends...some pics of my experience. I feel I need to apologize for my strange looking toenails and the one naked one. If you've ever trained for a long run, you'll understand toenail issues happen and they're not pretty. Just be thankful this tattoo isn't on my other foot...trust me, there is one funky, scary, sad toenail there that I would never show to those I love. :) Is that TMI? Oh well...too late.
So instead I try to see things in a larger perspective--that this is just one of those things that all people struggle with, that it's a process of 'tempering,' that I don't know how it will turn out, but it's a necessary strand in whatever lacy web my entire life is weaving. And that, on some level, in some way, someday, I will perhaps get some decent art out of it.
Paper: Whisper White, Old Olive, Elegant Eggplant
Contact: Amyre Loomis (718) 260-9191
saying that, they are being really helpful and they have provided the best service so far. 70% of the frustration is fuelled by the fact that i'm being forced to leave such good service.
Deathtrap (Johnny Mandel)
It seems we have to keep talking about speaking about women as Girls….but it’s now been vastly vulgarized!
"Yes," the doctor answered, "I'm absolutely sure. She has no uterus. Nothing, at all. And it looks to have been done quite a while back. I'd like to know why this was done - does she have a history of cancer?"
Everything that God has created is good! Amen!
Is assembling everything they will need.
5. Workers that are not computer savvy will find that the courses are designed to be simple to use.
As some might know, I don't suffer fools gladly at that goes double at events like this. If you're going to take up time at a once-a-year national meeting, you'd better have your ducks in a row and not waste it on poorly written inanities and resume padding, "I wrote a proposal that was approved blah blah blah." On the first day, I tore through a few of the more egregious proposals to the delight of my compatriots. I supported quality proposals as well, I'm not an obstructionist.
Q. What is the perfect way to start a beautiful Saturday?
A new day
Caleb's Crossing mostly takes place in 17th Century Martha's Vineyard and 17th century Cambridge (most notably, Harvard Yard). Bethia Mayfield is a teenage Puritan whose family is quite wealthy by colonial standards - her grandfather is the founder of the island itself and had emigrated there in order to establish a haven that was outside the purview of the Massachusetts Bay Colony. Bethia is an intelligent young woman, who learns Hebrew, Greek and Latin seemingly by osmosis - she listens in on the lessons given to her older brother and learns not only the ancient languages but the language of the native American tribe also inhabiting the island. Bethia also has an aptitude for wandering and, during her wanderings of the island, meets a young Native American man who is eventually adopted by her family and renamed Caleb. Caleb is tutored extensively by Bethia's father and eventually "crosses" into Anglo-American culture, thereby earning the title of the novel. We follow Caleb, Bethia and her brother, Makepeace, as they travel from the island, to prep school in Cambridge and, eventually, to Harvard University.
His words became distant murmurs, lost in the swirl of the wind and machines whining somewhere dark and deep. I imagined a mechanical deity existing in the dark, forced underground by its own creations, suffering and slowly going mad, just waiting to lift its ghastly hand through the crust of the earth to wrap me up and squeeze me like a grape between its mangling fingers. My vision warped and we moved closer to the top of the demented staircases. The light of the gauntlet shone brighter than the haze of light straining under the dense black clouds above us.
I also keep a daily journal that includes insights from my daily Bible reading. Over the years, this journal has grown into a treasured collection of meditations on the Word of God. Regardless of which plan you use, I highly recommend that you study the Bible each and every day for the rest of your life. You’ll never be the same again!
I added some lace and gold blingy things.
What is a Sunday without a glass of my whiskey? Opted for Glenlivet today. Listening to one of my favorite song, Rhythm of the Rain by Dan Fogelberg over and over and over again, recalling the sweet moments. It was soooo good.
I have made it with Yeah Mae a digi by Some Odd Girls, I can't find it on their site anymore, but I am sure she is called Yeah! Mae, someone can correct me if I am wrong. I used digi papers from Pink Petticoat and paper piecing her outfit in PS, then colouring the rest of her also in PS. The cupcake is by Gina Jane at DAISIE. I also used a gradient effect on her name "Millie" to match the papers, I 3D'd Yeah! Mae and added a metallic craft thread I had as a freebie from Quick and Crafty - soooooooo long ago! I also Stickled Mae so a bit sparkly too, hope Millie likes it. I know she reads my blog occasionally but as it's her birthday tomorrow and I HOPE she has had her card by now, I think I can blog it. I really like making these age cards, they are quite effective. I have also made a 60 this week, will post it another day.
If you are the least in love with Paris
86. Saving June Hannah Harrington
This week I started Cardiac re-habilitation which is a 12 week program of exercise and consultations with a dietician and physiotherapist to help me build my strength again.
I have, over the years since this defining incident, managed to reconcile myself to the more practical virtues of flesh tone tights. If they work with your skin colour they are great at hiding flaws on your legs if you want the bare legged look without the angst. They also keep them warm enough on a cool Spring evening so you can wear a dress in a colour that suits bare legs rather than black tights. Besides black is a no-no at some weddings and I'm trying to get away from wearing so much black these days! The tricky bit though is to get tights that match my skin colour and it took three purchases of local Aussie hosiery brands until I found one I was happy with. Even so my naked toes aren't quite the same colour as the rest of my legs!
Anyway, many years ago, when I was young but already deeply involved with Science, I spent quite a bit of time in London. I was very happy there, and I had some nice flatmates with whom I had absolutely nothing in common. They were not interested in Science. They were interested in clothes, fashion, going to clubs, and so on. I realize that those interests are not mutually exclusive, but I was not interested in those things. I got the impression that my flatmates felt a mixture of mystification and pity for me, but they were nice about it.
I cut my Spellbinder flower and embossed and inked some of it added some gems and ribbon. very simple yet I think pretty and can be used for any occasion
My synopsis sucks.
That has been especially true in the debate over raising the $14.3 trillion debt limit by August 2 in order to avoid a U.S. government default. Here is a rundown of the various factions — many overlap — and how they shaped the debate and how they might influence the final vote:
In related news, another teacher received a small heart box with chocolate. It was one of those boxes that holds three pieces of chocolate. This one held one piece of chocolate, with a bite taken out. The other two spots where chocolate should have been held three little jelly beans each.
Since Monday my thoughts from the road have been confirmed by a piece of mail when I walk in the house or the complaint of looking for some contact info and the next thing I pick up is it after not having had any idea where to look since getting the info in January.
Lady luck isn’t the lady who sleeps beneath your sheets
Which is why I won’t get on this particular elevator and am looking, carefully, at the control panel of every elevator I do get on – starting now, because you can’t be too careful – and if any of them list 10,000+ floors I am getting off.
But certain mysteries of the past surface and it shows Peter as a “person of interest” in two murders – one of his fiancée who died after a party and his first wife who drowned to death, and he is also linked with the disappearance of their neighbor Susan Althorp.
YAY, number six is off the table!
IX. Never Throw a Player Under the Bus
MPRC: As conservation operators in a biosphere reserve in which the land is nearly all privately owned by the inhabitants of the Sierra Gorda (only 3% of the reserve is federal land), the administration of the protected area is very complex due to the need for economic and social development opportunities. So in response to this need, we are developing ways to place an economic value on the services of nature, such as the scenic beauty of the Sierra Gorda, which represents capital for communities through a culture of tourism. By building infrastructure for local micro-operators and improving customer service, we are building a bridge between local communities and the external public.
While Khantara is overseeing the construction of the outpost, he finds a strange Thellisian woman. He notices that she bears a brand on her neck and is ill-treated or disregarded by her people. After a short meeting with her, he discovers that she is one of the Marked, a lower cast of Thellisians deemed unfit for education who may only be sold as slaves or adopted as indentured spouses. Feeling that such a life is cruel for the forthcoming woman, Khantara frees her and places her under his care. He shows Anelta the Haanta way of life, and they, against Haanta warrior cast regulation, fall in love.
Winsor, however, forgot about it within ten minutes.
The other news around here is that the room is still full of gas – I can’t go near it and have had no luck in finding any resources for removing the gas. So for now I just have the big fans trying to blow it out the open window and the forest remains. I have a favorite scripture that I try to live by and remember when things are tough . . .
One of the many problems caused by the use of rBGH is that when cows are artificially forced to over-produce milk, their udders swell and become infected with mastitis, requiring farmers to employ a wide variety of antibiotics (many of which are rarely tested for in milk) in an attempt to control the infections. The General Accounting office warned the FDA in 1993 not to approve rBGH for this very reason – fearing increased antibiotic residues in rBGH-derived milk and dairy products.
Research log Keep one for each person that you research, recording both successful and unsuccessful searches. This prevents you from wasting time in a place that you've already searched. Since I started researching before I knew what I was looking for, I haven't kept tabs on this information as well as I could have.
So...all of that combined sent me on a search of what 'healthy' is. It has been an interesting 10 years in that regard. I've had to face some yuck about myself and some of the things/lies that I've believed. Battling what has always been normal for you and going after what is not the norm but is SO MUCH better is so very hard. It's a constant struggle if you don't continually rely on the Holy Spirit to help you battle and overcome with His power. This applies to many areas of my life actually (and yours), but right now I'm talkin' 'bout food. So, here we go...
I visited where you live this week. I took the train from Marylebone and travelled away from London through stations with names like Seer Green, Gerrard's Cross and Beaconsfield, and I watched the world around me change, becoming something I once remembered it to be. I know where you live very well, as it is where I come from, but ts a different world to where I live now, yet for how much longer?
Hello Ladies! Hope you've all had a great week. This week's theme isn't a color, but a pattern. One of my all time favorites, stripes. Love me some stripes! I'm pretty sure half my shirts have them. I find them to be slimming. That is unless your shirt is too small. Then, not so slimming. Oops. = )
Q: Have you ever heard people says things about you “not taking things seriously”?
The Scriptures say, “There was a woman who had suffered terribly from severe bleeding for twelve years, even though she had been treated by many doctors. She had spent all her money, but instead of getting better she got worse all the time. She had heard about Jesus, so she came in the crowd behind him, saying to herself, “If I just touch his clothes, I will get well.” She touched his cloak, and her bleeding stopped at once…” Mark 5:25-29 (GNT).
-Lighter, easier to transport
Mikesoonster (youtube)
“I repeat here what I have said to your Coalition partners in Birmingham, and in many statements to the press, the public and parliamentarians from across the political spectrum. The Government’s cuts to legal aid, coming on top of successive rounds of cuts under the last Administration, will seriously undermine the efficiency of the justice system. Barristers operate on the front-line to ensure that our justice system works efficiently, effectively and, most importantly, fairly for all involved….”
My relationship with Mr J is in tact. And a work in progress.
Ink: Creamy Caramel by Stampin' Up!
You can help in those efforts! I know there are many wonderful organizations you can donate to (I've donated to many myself), but if you can spare another $10 to Habitat, you will be gifting a(nother) heaping spoonful of hope AND you get a FREE T-shirt!
Common Portrayals: revolutionaries, millionnaires, CEOs, military and world leaders, valedictorians, love interests, visionaries
We also took this little half moon table from last weekend's sale - also from the 1920s, it came from a sale where the most prized possession of the owner was an autographed campaign poster of G.W. Bush, Jr. Displayed prominently on opening day, it was still there at lock-up on closing day. Didn't even move at 50% off. And we're in Republican country.
The term “Pitbull” is actually a generalization, usually referring to any of the Bull Terrier breeds (or mixes of). Ours is actually a Staffordshire Bull Terrier.
23. Houstons Pies. As long as I've got the Rennies handy.
As a leadership camp, ITI focuses on helping teens become better leaders in the schools, their communities, and in the state. It is also a “prevention first” program, meaning that students learn about ways to prevent risky behaviours, most notably alcohol, tobacco and other drug (ATOD) abuse, unhealthy relationships, bullying, etc. It is not a treatment, rehabilitation, or recovery program. The entire week is focused on the teens. The speakers and workshops are selected to provide meaningful information and useful skills.
And as far as readers, if you see items on WEDNESDAYS WORDS you’re considering purchasing then, if you are able and would like to support this blog, please utilize the attached links.
(Just a reminder… This is my work. See copy notice. Any names or events mentioned in my work is due in total to my imagination and has no relationship to real life.)
Coloring/Copics
he had directed Selznick's retakes on the first Girl Crazy. Now he was the
Hello - book review time...
Is trading someone else’s liberty for your personal comfort really
Do you see the trend?
New York 31, Carolina 18
UPDATE 3/11/2011: Added in a map of Ice Maze so you know when to start using the directions, as well as a small map of the Ice Shop area itself and the items sold at it.
What is special about Kweschn is that it helps me come out of my shell and share my English poems … I must confess that I have always wanted to express myself in English, but I never thought I would. And writing poems in English, you must be kidding! The fact that English isn’t my mother tongue is the biggest source of my insecurity. I still don’t feel as comfortable in writing in English as I feel in writing in Amharic. Both Amharic and English are beautiful languages to write poetry with, both are unique, and there are culture-specific words in each language that are so difficult to translate, so I sometimes prefer to just write with whichever I feel most comfortable with.
As Heaven's sweet life renews earth's life
Name::Wendy aka Cheeky
It has been an eye-opener being part of Bersih 3.0. I managed to catch a glimpse of how Malaysia can be in the chaotic moment- Someone share his salt with us, I gave my water to the people around me to wash their eyes, all done without looking at the colour of our skins. But why only have this when we are put into a situation? Shouldn't this be a natural thing to do as we watch one another's back as Malaysians?
all-clear to exercise, post-op!
As is common for "invited" contestants that SYCO likes and have already signed, Ronan and his parents were provided with a car to drive them to the audition in London. These "invited" contestants don't have to queue up with everyone else, they don't go through the preliminary auditions with producers, but perform straight to Simon and the judging panel at a prearranged
The point is, it makes me think… are we all just prisoners of society? But then again, who makes the rules? It’s really up to us, at the end of the day, to change the status quo. Certain things frowned upon years ago are acceptable now. Slavery was abolished, gay marriage is legal in certain parts of the world now, many other changes are happening… It’s up to us to become prisoners or not.
Chief economist and partner Savvas Savouri, who has been researching South Africa's economy, cites emigration of professional workers and what he sees as a "lack of centralised leadership" when it comes to dealing with problems such as the Aids epidemic.
It happened the first time he appeared. Happened again as he walked back across the room and ever so slightly as he re-appeared. Wow!
Ontario CA 91764
08 Abandoning
The group led by Penang Perkasa chief Mohd Ridzuad Azudin placed a garlanded portrait of Lim and pasted his posters with swastika logos on the gate of the residence during the 10.25am demonstration.
Dumbarton Oaks (the gardens are amazing), Tudor House (take the tour--it is great), Montrose Park that connects to Rock Creek Park of NCIS fame, Oak Hill Cemetery, Evermay Manor (not open to the public), Dumbarton House (worth seeing and different from Dumbarton Oaks), Mt Zion Church (first African American Church in DC) and Cemetery, Jackie Kennedy's house after leaving the White house, Martin's Tavern (there is a toy store across the street that I ducked into for about 10 minutes while it rained. Then it quit and I was on my way), old street car tracks that haven't been torn up, St. John's Episcopal Church (first picture at top--this is where Thomas Jefferson worshipped when he was in DC), the Kennedy's house that they were living in when he was elected president, a couple of nice kids with a lemonade stand (not in the guidebook but definitely worth the stop and $.50), Georgetown University, the steps from the movie The Exorcist (picture 2), Francis Scott Key bridge and park, Dean and Deluca fine deli and store, Georgetown Park shopping complex that used to be a tobacco barn, the towpath for the C&O Canal, Thomas Jefferson Street which isn't all that impressive, Washington Harbor, and the Old Stone House (picture 3). Whew! Could all of that have been in just one 3 mile area including walking from one to the other? I didn't stop at many of these places for any longer than it took to take a picture, and it took me about 4 hours. Did I mention it was about 95 degrees?
Imagine if what said was instead:
The upstream countries are in dire need of using the water to generate hydropower and irrigation following persistent drought which has hit many of them leaving millions of their citizens on the verge of starvation.
I wanted to also share a wonderful blessing our family has received this season. My father who was diagnosed with lung cancer 3 years ago was told he only had a year to live. He had suffered through chemo several times and then a few months ago developed shingles. He grew weaker and weaker each year. Recently his doctors discovered he was able to start taking a new drug. A drug that some are calling the miracle pill. Two months ago his tumors were 4cm and growing. This week we learned that they are now only 1cm!!!!!!!
So…………
The Things I remind myself of when I feel a weak moment….
22 July – 21 August Salmon – Ripening Time.
And no one can save you from error or sin
Wednesday-- you guessed it...we learned how to count by 2's! Again, I got out the 100s chart and discussed adding two. The twos are much harder than the 5s and 10s. We will continue to practice these. Here's the I have Who Has game for counting by 2s. I sent home a letter the week before requesting that each child bring in a pair of cute socks. These were used for the number line. The socks that were brought in were precious! (I don't have a copy of the letter. It was created by a teammate. Each class sent home the letter. The first grade team created one number line upstairs and another one downstairs on our halls).
Cally sees herself continuing to write short stories as well as novels, and sees advantages to both. 'With novels you’ve got more freedom, and a lot more words, to flesh out your characters,' she says. 'I get to know my characters so well when I’m writing a novel that they’re like real people to me. Because you’ve spent so much time with them you grow to care for them – which makes it much harder to throw obstacles in their path and do horrible things to them! It’s important that you find something likeable – or fascinating in the case of the ‘baddies’ – in the characters in your novels because you have to spend so much time with them. Characters in short stories are more like snap shots than fully-rounded characters, but on the plus side, with short stories you’re constantly creating new characters and dipping into their lives.
My gosh look at all the Pickled Ginger, I couldn't fit the huge plate of Wasabi!
Three years after the curse on Lumatere was lifted, Froi has found his home . . . or so he believes. Fiercely loyal to the Queen and Finnikin, Froi has been taken roughly and lovingly in hand by the Guard sworn to protect the royal family, and has learned to control his quick temper with a warrior’s discipline. But when he is sent on a secretive mission to the kingdom of Charyn, nothing could have prepared him for what he finds in its surreal royal court. Soon he must unravel both the dark bonds of kinship and the mysteries of a half-mad princess in this barren and mysterious place. It is in Charyn that he will discover there is a song sleeping in his blood . . . and though Froi would rather not, the time has come to listen.
in the same way, God prepares a table for us, to bless us, to provide for us.
Series VII: 523-587 This series is the rarest and carries a premium.
Attempting to have some fun in the sun this past weekend resulted in me struggling during the evening due to the pain I was in. Being sunburnt is one of the worst pains a person can endure, in my opinion of course. ‘Cause I’m a ginger I definitely should have known better to apply sunscreen, but when it’s the late afternoon and I’m playing games in the backyard I never really find it necessary because I feel like the sun isn’t even strong anymore. Definitely not the best logic on my behalf. Every ginger that goes outside no matter what time of day it is should always have sunscreen on or they will pay the price. First thing any of us should do when we even think about stepping outside the house is apply the right SPF whether it be 75 or 100…most likely 100. Gingers are weak against the sun and I’m not sure what I was thinking not putting anything on.
So I choose me. I choose love.
On Monday you saw an article by Thomas Anderson discussing the Student Loan debate, or more precisely, the debate about the Student Loan debate. One thing, throughout all of this that seems to be ignored is that the cost of going to college has increased dramatically. In the 11 years since I graduated college, my alma mater has almost doubled tuition (around $2,300 to now $4,300+). In that time, inflation has increased only 30%. That means that tuition in 2001 costs, adjusted for today’s inflation, would be just under $3000. That is only a $700 increase…not the $2000 increase you see above. Remember, this does not even factor in the cost of student housing or books which can fluctuate for each student but DO factor into the overall amount a student takes out for a loan.
— Dylan Thomas
He will be delivered over to the Gentiles.
“That was a highly lawyered memo (designed to protect the president politically)… I think there’s going to be more that’s going to be tumbling out about that escapade but so far that memo is enough.“
On the way home from our Christmas visit, John started getting sick. I hung in there and took care of him for a week and just when I thought that I had dodged the bullet, WHAM! I got it. First it was a cough and then my voice was completely gone. My throat was sore and for the first time in I don't know how long, I have stayed home from work for a whole week.
If it hadn’t been for my nightly tweet scrolling and catching the byline of Kirsten Stewart’s Elle UK Cover Has been dropped followed by The Guardian’s The Covers the New Yorker rejected, I would have missed this gem. I even thought back to Vogue’s The September Issue film in 2009 where Grace deftly fights her corner for her spread in the coveted September’s edition. It would be interesting to see what kind of covers other editorials have deemed unfit for front page glory. As they say ‘A beautiful flower begins its life in the dirt’ and here are a great bunch.
the color of the rain
This time it’s for real
This second one was finished this last week and is from my PMS Chronicles...I thought I should have a name for my ranting and raving pages! lol I am totally in love with this bird creature!!!
Third, I call the person, then I say the person’s name.
Jesus bowed his head as one dying, and freely submitting to his Father’s will, and the stroke of death:
I have found, thru the encouragement of a dear friend, that college advisors are extremely helpful. Any time I have had a question about what classes to take and/or in what order I should take them, my advisors have always been there to show me the way.
Former Miss USA, Rima Fakih has been arrested on suspicion of DUI after she failed to properly recite the alphabet. She was released immediately when it was discovered that she's just dumb.
It was a computer! The whole thing was a game, as far as I was concerned. Look how long I was able to play contentedly with a stick, a box, and dirt! This orphaned robot was fine by me. I remember in those early weeks of Vic-20 ownership, the rising anticipation I would feel at school as the clock swung into afternoon, and I was that much closer to getting home and booting up my Vic-20, painstakingly deciphering the friendly owner’s manual, and cautiously keying in a few lines of code.
Shredded cheese
From the CASA overview at their web site:
You complete yourself. You know you are ready for a relationship when you don’t need a relationship to feel happy and worthy, when you want a relationship to share your love rather than to get love, when loving yourself and sharing your love is more important to you than having control over getting love. When you want a relationship to deepen your growth rather than to fill your emptiness, you are ready. (No one is saying we don’t get lonely…we all do. But There is a difference! We all know we have girlfriends who “lose who they are” every time they get with a new man! It is because they are not complete. They feel they need someone else to give them validation on who they are. Don’t be that chick!)
I never have a problem with a movie shot in black and white because I think it looks absolutely beautiful, and this movie is no exception. It looks even better with the digital technology of film nowadays. The edges and shadows are crisper, more defined and the shades of gray are varying and interesting. The choice of using black and white for THC2 is fairly understandable - it might just have been unbearable to watch, even for me, with all the pretty colors that come out of the human body splashed across the screen. And yet, there is still the famous climax scene of the movie where a certain brown substance is literally splattered on the camera lens. It's the only color in the movie, obviously done by Tom Six to either further traumatize the audience in this scene, or just to fulfill his promise of showing absolutely everything in this sequel that he restrained from showing in the first movie. Uh, thanks Tom. Really wasn't necessary, though.
And the forests will echo with laughter.
After Tappi's demise, Björk joined forces with Purrkurr Pillnikk's Einar Örn and Peyr's Siggi to form Kukl (imagine the word 'cook', with an additional 'l' stuck on the end, pronounced in a broad Scouse accent!). The name translated as 'Sorcery', and the band's ethos questioned Iceland's establishment, and the way it appropirated elements of the country's pagan paaast to shore up its own belief systems. The criticism worked both ways, of cource, and it can't have been a suprice when, following a TV appearance where the now anti-establishment Björk appeared with her hand bandaged after a minor accident, mailcious gossip- mongers spread the word she was concealing the scars of drug addiction.
Some shots from past solstices in my gardens.
do not merely look out for your own personal interests, but also for the interests of others.
The baby may be named o­n the day of it's birth or later o­n the seventh day or past the seventh day, as this is what is clear after study of all the evidences from the sunnah.
French Fries
What did you say? Is the math wonky? It probably is, I have not tested this, and am not that great at crafting mathematically sound rules. But, take it and run with it! Let me know what you think.
it was this area near a college or a university, i can't remember..
It began to pour heavily during seventh period, and, while there was a supposed “lull” in the storm we were dismissed about ten minutes early to reach our buses. Unfortunately, the “lull” was anything but and when we emerged from our portable it was into a world of wind, rain, and thunder. The maze of portable classrooms was made even more complex by the tangle of children fleeing to the breezeway, the giant enclosure upon which our
just like heaven...the cure
Them Other (candidates) Aint Eatin Like A Ramadan (I thought Romney was a Mormon?)
I write with the intention to inspire and empower people in some small way to be authentic and connected to themselves and to experience happiness, peace, joy and love by writing from my heart. Thank you once again:)
Nestabilities: Fleur de Lis Rectangles
We’re at the viewing party for the Hispanic Leadership Network, and it really is a party. They are holding their yearly conference, a meeting of Hispanic Republican leaders. And I’m joined by Raquel Rodriguez. She’s an attorney in Miami. She practices business and international law, and she has a question for the candidates.
Unfortunately she ran out of spray paint when she was only half-way through so the rest are covered in choccy things.
At its heart, this is a story about resilience and bravery in the face of new experience. It is also a light-hearted look at how people with different cultures rub along together. I particularly liked the Clarks' return home, where they discover that the pirates have been doing some d.i.y. of their own. Lots of the damage can be repaired, but some changes are permanent. Next door's cat, for example, won't be giving up his earring any time soon.
Reitman’s latest movie teams him up with the writer of his debut feature film, Juno, Diablo Cody. Name Your Link">Young Adult stars Charlize Theron as a former prom queen in a small town in Minnesota who has left the small town behind for a successful writing career in the large city of Minneapolis. She has become unhappy and unfulfilled in her life drowning it in alcohol and meaningless relationships when she receives an email that announces her former high school sweetheart has had his first child with his wife. She decides that he must be as unhappy as she is and ventures back to the small home town of Mercury to win him back. She soon strikes up a friendship with one of the least popular guys from school played by Patton Oswalt. She reveals her plan to him while he watches the train wreck slowly occur he continues to be the shoulder of truth she really needs. After a few days of some uncomfortable events and disastrous encounters she realizes her unhappiness and depression all fueled by the alcohol she consumes. She soon understands that leaving the small town was the best thing and that the things she has and the life she has built isn’t worthy of her unhappiness and she decides to live the life she needs to.
Growing up (and beyond), my sister and I absolutely loved them, and you know our kids are going to want to read such vintage comics in the future.
Also do read this interesting brochure published by Ranbaxy describing the story behind its efforts to deliver Synriam to the market place.
And yes, I still love it.
In less than 2 months we are headed to the Caribbean to visit beautiful Puerto Rico! I absolutely cannot wait and it will be such a fun trip! We have been talking about going back to the Caribbean since our cruise last year so now we are doing it!
After mulling it over I pretty much knew where I was headed, but used a couple of Google searches after the fact to see if I forgot something important. The searches were ultimately weak and pathetic (that's why we are doing this damn guide). The only song found that made me think twice was Ram Jam - Black Betty. I concluded that if I didn't think of Black Betty originally, it must not be in my bonecrushing best of pile. Maybe this should've been split into separate lists for the 60's/70's/80's. The 70's obviously dominated my list; some might say it shows my bias from early listening habits. I simply think that the guitar was king in the 70's and the producers made sure it was up front in the mix.
Ever seen the NPR tiny desk series? These are bands who typically take command of a stage with amps, effects, roadies, and seething throngs of supporters. But instead, they are taking command of a room the size of my kitchen for a group of about 25. The result? Well, as long as the artist is worth a damn (think, the idea) it works at any scale. Is it different than the full-blown stage experience? Hell yeah. Is it as good or better? Certainly to the 25 people in the room it's better. Their expectations have been set for exclusive. intimate. Lo-Fi. And for the rest of us, watching at home, it's still pretty killer – thanks to NPR's broadcasting expertise.
Her eyes were filled with admiration and love. His eyes were seething and permeated with hatred for her and all women. I could see that very clearly now. Her eyes, once vibrant, adoring and seeing only love, were now my eyes and yes, I could see so very clearly what she saw too late. I’d seen this behavior from a trusted eye doctor before.
2. Philosophers Stone
It has taken me a little more than four weeks to reaching that last point. Today, I have read a combination of five books of the Holy Bible. I have read Ecclesiastes, Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians, and Colossians. I seek not to boast of this.
2 cups confectioners’ sugar
You can drink as tea; just add 1/2 cup of hot water to 1 Tbsp of this golden glory...
At first I felt like I should save these packages as a "just in case" I needed them for something. Then it dawned on me, that even if I did need a quick snack, I no longer would choose to eat those kinds of foods. I read somewhere, "I can not unlearn the things that I have learned." And that quote has really stuck by me in my Real Food adventure. When you are really present to the chemicals and genetically modified foods that do harm to your body, you really don't want to eat them any more. In the past 8 months instead of grabbing those packages, I grab a hunk of cheese, a glass of raw milk, eat a small bowl of yogurt or many other foods that don't come in cute packages with bright graphics.
Stone Brewing Co. Juxtaposition Black Pilsner - Stone / BrewDog / Cambridge
Anyway, after clearing up our sick and giving us bottles of water, the airline staff then ASKED FOR A PHOTO WITH US because they were Blood Red Shoes fans!
4 grille
The DM: The DM is not only the director, but the set designer. The DM is the one who creates the the feeling of the world the characters act in. The DM also creates characters for the players to interact with, these characters are called NPC’s (non-player characters). A good DM will create a dynamic world that the characters want to be a part of.
Office gentlemen dress like confirming priests.
Q: What other projects are you working on at this time?
On one of the sides I stamped a label with the Chandelier from Stampavie then wrapped the label around the corner to spill over on the other side. This side uses a busy decorative paper and I wanted rulers to show so I tried not to cover them up too much and added some ribbon roses and a few sparkling gems.
Did you see on the sidebar that Tiddly Inks is having a bit of a birthday bash in April? Click on the picture on my sidebar to find out the details.
but this confounds me
Clean oven.
Bereznik - Some sort of Russian / Eastern Europe influence. Automaton army created and maintained by Dwarves. In a constant state of war against Stygia, holding back the tide of eeeevil.
Our youngest daughter just completed her third surgery on her cleft palate this Thursday. The surgeon has tried twice to completely close up her palate but the two previous times a fistula (opening) has developed. Because of this, there are certain verbal sounds that she cannot make, there are certain foods that become problematic to eat and thus cause potential infection or discomfort and pain. My wife and I have been working through the weight of our daughter’s problems since before she was born three years ago. I think I have learned a few things along the way about myself, my God, and my spiritual life. Here are a few of those things that I have learned:
Everything was running smoothly until the nice young man from Lowe's came to measure our current counter tops. he informed us that in order for the counters to fit flush with the wall, a portion of wood panelling would have to be removed. Cool. Fine. We needed to take it out anyway because we planned on continuing the subway tile backsplash all the way up in this new "desk area" we're creating in the kitchen.
All in all, it’s been a productive week despite the weather. I ‘ll most likely spend a good few hours on the plot again tomorrow, make the most of the weekend. Hope you all enjoy the bank holiday weekend.
Gordon Thompson received 11 years for burning down a furniture store where no one was hurt!
But I digress, as I always do, and its time to return to Farmhouse Fare. The book is dated August 1947 – about the same period as The Map That Came to Life. There are some recipes that reveal it was published in the immediate post-war period (mock banana pie, emergency jam etc) but most of the recipes are a delight and have the name of the farmer’s wife or daughter underneath; Caraway Seed Cheese (Miss Nellie Richmond, Yorkshire), Chocolate and Date Baked Pudding (Mrs R Pritchard, Herefordshire) and here is one of our favourite recipes:
10 minutes @ 7mph
Time is surely flying by. Which is bitter sweet. Ethan is growing and changing everyday. He will be 7mths on the April 15th, which is also when your taxes are due lol. 7mths! I cant believe it, I cant believe I even just typed that.
First off, we found our officiant to marry us...check! We signed our contract on our reception location last night and we are getting the rental for F.R. double E since we are spending so much in catering...CHA CHING! That means we are feeding our friends and family real good! And tomorrow we go to our cake tasting with just about the best bakery in town...Ludger's! I am so much looking forward to my wedding cake.
enfolding sunny spots of greenery.
I believe we should come up with our own Latin names
In other words, make sure that handshake means something beyond pressing flesh. Take the time to think about the freedoms you have and then go back and truly thank a veteran for those freedoms, for they are more like you than those that legally provide you those freedoms.
She waited a half hour in the waiting room to make sure there were no adverse side effects. Then after informing the receptionist, she left.
(Well, maybe proceed with caution.)
That said, when I started boot camp this time around, I made a decision that I was going to do real push-ups and not the push-ups that start at the knees. Last week I couldn't get down very far. While I'm still a long way from a true push-up, I have noticed that I could go at least an inch deeper today than I could do last week. That's progress!
some cute vocab I don't want to forget:
Limbs growing thin and weak, sagging
Relax: No one wants to discourage voluntary giving for good causes! I repeat that! But this shaving ritual is so commonplace as to be annoying today. If the best a charity can come up with is a haircut, how innovative could they be at solving, curing, stopping whatever they’re on about? (And nowadays, do such actions offend other cultures that have different views on hair removal?)
We had to measure the salamanders we found. Complete measurement from head to tail, and then from head to behind the the legs (because sometimes they loose their tail, so this is a more accurate measurement.)
This fly below has even more wicked movement in it. It has a tail of white Fin racoon zonker with a few turns of grey Fin racoon winded in front of it to add more preasure of water. The front (the Articulated shank) has first a grey Fin racoon zonker winded 3-4 turns, then red Fin racoon winded again 3-4 turns. The front is some lateral scale flash and green Whiting Bird fur feathers.
I can't even recall what church this was.....maybe St. Peter's........but it sure was beautiful!
The landscape bears marks of people who live, work, and play there, and of those who pass through. People imprint their perspectives, such as through, fences, “no trespassing” signs, stationing guard dogs, showing antagonism at an unexpected passerby, etc. But the participants themselves also shape their emotional landscape by their expectations of where they should be included, or not: a group reported annoyance at being locked out of where they should not be, while another was disgusted by a place because they had discriminatory feelings associated with a memory of that place, and nearly all groups showed a preference for on-campus locations that they feel a belonging to – reports of “sketchy” places, situations, or people only occurred off-campus – a faculty who lives locally claimed that there was nothing worrying about Delaware, thus implying that people suspect and fear the unfamiliar. An interesting thought I had was, would some participants feel as comfortable with religious places of other world religions as they report feeling with churches?
“Environmental Dystopia and the Green Alternative” — Martha McMahon, Kara Shaw & Waziyatawin.
Skin to skin,
It's the first Saturday of the month... time for another great challenge at Send A Smile 4 Kids! This fortnight our challenge is Mother's and Father's Day cards for kids to give to their parents. And we have FOUR terrific prizes from our sponsors:
Matthew 18:21-32 (New International Reader's Version) - The Servant Who Had No Mercy/The Unmerciful Servant
Stephanie Kuehnert - I Wanna Be Your Joey Ramone
A woman’s voice came over the line, a flirtyness to her tone, “Hello?” The woman giggled as she held the phone away from her a little.
Henry Henry Henry, when I think of Hades I don't think of a tall, Dark, and Handsome guy. I think of a ugly, bald, and creepy guy lol. Losing the love of his life is hard for Henry. Looking for the one person who he can spend the rest of his immortality with seems to be difficult and he's about to give up,until he meets Kates. I love how their relationship develops, it doesn't take them a week to fall in love and live happily ever after.
ILRI Asia: Based on your extensive experience in the agricultural-research sector in India, what do you see as being the major breakthroughs in recent times, and also – where do you see the sector heading?
"He thought I was joking until I took my hand away," Pendleton said. The waiter grabbed the plate and took it back to the kitchen.
Buy your copy now for the bargain price of £5.99 including UK postage!:
2 Packages of Taco Seasoning (1 if you are only using a pound of hamburger)
It feels so good to say. Say it with me. WRITE CLUB. WRITE CLUB. Can’t you feel it already? Can’t you see it? Can’t you hear the crowds? WRITE CLUB, my friends, WRITE CLUB. You want to come to WRITE CLUB. You feel compelled, somehow, by a force at once irrefutable yet comforting, to come to WRITE CLUB. You will come to WRITE CLUB. And you will love it.
The PLA was always seen as the basic enforcer of communist rule in China. The Communist Party wanted one thing above all from the PLA; loyalty. Everything else is secondary. This included military capability and fiscal responsibility.
Who else would have warned
Wednesday was a normal day, nothing too terribly out of the ordinary. I continued to have contractions and I felt a little off both Tuesday and Wednesday (I was actually nervous I wouldn't make it to my massage because I'd go into labor). I was losing small bits of my mucous plug on Wednesday, which made me hopeful something was happening to help me go into labor before they induced me at 39 weeks. I also thought the exam from the day before may have stirred some things up and it wouldn't amount to much. I played with my daughter, did laundry, and had a typical day, but warned my husband it could be any day now, although I assumed it would be at least a week away. That night I went to sleep a little later than usual, woke up at 4AM for a typical bathroom trip, layed back down and waited for him to kick before falling back to sleep (my typical protocol). He wasn't kicking and I started to get really worried...after 15 minutes I woke up my husband and he got the doppler. I searched for his heart beat but didn't know where to look for it since he flipped, so I was freaking out more until I finally found it and felt him kick several times after about 45 minutes. It has never taken him that long in the past, so my anxiety was through the roof and I couldn't help but wish he would just come so I could stop worrying (which I know will never happen, I'm his Mommy, I'll always worry). Finally back to sleep around 5AM.
A couple of weekends ago I fell unto concrete (my own fault..) and bruised both of my knees and now they haven't stopped buggin' me. I also drive a manual trannie...so I suppose that doesn't help them either...Neither does my bad posture or sitting on my legs...but shh;)
Let Him do what He desires to do. He’s waiting, and if you will ask Him, He will say, “I will.”
7. Science Update: Rats that are not on drugs prefer listening to Beethoven as opposed to Miles Davis. But rats that are high (specifically on cocaine) prefer Miles to Ludwig.
Actual quote from Andrea Mitchell: “What do you think of the Republican criticism that we are politicizing it — that the White House, I should say, is politicizing it?”
I'll finish off the few bottles that remain, but it's certainly not a brew to share with friends.
“Martha Minow,” Pinsky replied.
Betsy.
12. I Think I'll Just Stay Here and Drink -- Merle Haggard
is the essence
"DO NOT DO THAT!" I warn him, "Otherwise I'll reprogram you to have less memory than a 20th century Atari."
"Can't you all hear that? Is it just me? Oh no! I must have some disease."
*Cocoa nibs are bits of crushed cocoa beans and they are fabulous! They taste vaguely of dark chocolate and provide the perfect crunch in these cookies. I bought mine in France, but apparently you can buy them on amazon or maybe even in your grocery store. Well worth it—they totally make these cookies.
The yellow butterfly of San Marino...
Citizenship: Spain
How to walk in the woods without being in the woods? This is the dilemma before me this day, a fine winter Saturday in this January. I am feeling under the weather, and it has tempered my plan to walk down by the river to restore some balance to my inner self. Perhaps I am a reverse Muhammad, seeking to have the 'mountain' come to me, just this once. In my current state, I may not have the energy to go to the mountain.
In 1988, the US (another one of those few nations with an imperfect but believable court system) restored Demjanjuk’s citizenship. This was based on the fact that evidence that Demjanjuk was the “other” brutal guard was not shared with his defense team in the original extradition case and subsequent appeals. Because he might have been a different mass murderer instead of the one he was originally accused of being, he got off. But not completely.
Annie Barrow is a mother of two boys and a wife. Her husband is in the military. They are struggling for money. Annie wants to help with the finances. That is why she signed up to be a surrogate mother.
God loves us and delights in us....who we are and our smallest efforts!
I’m not as brave or tough as you.
Friday night Sky and I went to see Adam Carolla do stand up.
I join in the result reached by my distinguished brother in the Court, Davide, Jr., J., in this case which, to my mind, is one of the most important cases decided by this Court in the last few years. The seminal principles laid down in this decision are likely to influence profoundly the direction and course of the protection and management of the environment, which of course embraces the utilization of all the natural resources in the territorial base of our polity. I have therefore sought to clarify, basically to myself, what the Court appears to be saying.
Despite passing every question with flying colors, I have been unsuccessful at every single interview I have had and I only have myself to blame.
Being Skirmishers makes you much harder to hit with ranged attacks esspecially if you keep in cover (forests for example) making you a bit more survivable, you are also much more maneuverable thanks to being able to March and Shoot giving you a total range of 40" with no penalty when moving and shooting. Finally, with the scout rule you can deploy further up the field and use them as harassers, lone character assassins and war machine hunters.
As a caregiver for my grandfather it is my obligation to care for him in all aspects of his life. Lately I have been really tested with the work it takes for caring for him. About two weeks ago he began to cough - and I feared the worse. We spent a day in the hospital only to wait over 10 hours be seen for 45 min, and be sent home with yet another prescription and the prognosis of acute bronchitis.
Last week on my way to work, the entire square was plastered with words of encouragement:
I don't think this is 100% my mannequin hands shade, but it's close -- it's a closer match to what my hands are like when they're red. It's a bit lobstery in real life. I don't know how to describe it -- band-aid-ish, with red tones?
The Caymans are home to more than 200 banks and expats from 100 countries. They also boast the world’s 14th highest GDP per capita, and the highest standard of living in the Caribbean. The country has the confidence of many from around the globe.
my crockpot when it's plugged in and turned on
What about GM hormones in milk?
Residents can pick up their resident’s discount card from the Deli and use it straight away, as much as they want.
If you develop a cough, you should go and buy a bottle of tequila. Or better: several bottles of tequila.
The strongest woman I ever knew
Bugger.
if my crapitulatalism-as-violence hasn’t convinced you, do the actual wars themselves? who funds those wars? these are not “volunteer” troops. they are paid mercenaries for the capitalist bankers. they are paid only as much as it takes for them to not be called “slaves” any more, and their “service” is conditioned upon a variety of promises by the apparatus which it consistently fails to deliver. if it did, they wouldn’t be its slaves any more. it is an unending loop, this catch-22.
- Manpower Metrics: Gross additions of 10,676 employees during March quarter; 45,605 during #FY12 #HR #InfosysQ4
Can someone please tell me how I've been so horribly out of the loop when it comes to Ikea's Blog/website Life at Home?!
choose a white that contains it's complement on the color wheel.
All these beers will be featuring over the coming weeks, and I have to admit to being especially excited about the two variant forms of Old Tom - 'Chocolate' and the even more tantalizing 'Ginger.'
But there are some flowers. A large begonia has some bells, pale pink and subtle, they are pretty,but difficult to photograph:
Each day a bit more hazy, each doubt a bit more clear
The room was large but almost empty, and lighted only by a lively fire.
When Momma got the first bits of cash, she went out and bought a huge Christmas tree, and surprised Poppa and Rosie with a big turkey dinner to boot!!
shit stained toilets
7. Singapore
One might call this “the honeymoon phase” where everything is rose petals and sparkling wine when we’re together, and thorns and stones when apart. But if it’s love the way it should be, that real, true love that we all crave and so few find, then this “phase” will never be over, and each us will grow stronger in our fondness and longing for the other.
What your mind conceives
Figuratively, not literally, of course. (But maybe kind of literally).
thinking of you- katy perry
As I posted earlier this week about line drying your clothes without a line. Well there is one drawback to doing this. Your clothes don't always come out as soft as they would if you put them in the dryer or hung dry them outside where the wind can blow the around. Well on that note I bring to you 2 recipes for homemade natural fabric softener.
We reached Santarem later than expected and had more delays getting off the ship because of all our sickness. I stood out on deck at the port with torrential rain coming down making everything look grey. It soon passed and another downpour then came so I didn’t mind as we were dry. The dock had loads of blue and white two and three tiered boats waiting for us to disembark to take people on the tours. They are very well designed, with open sides and you sling your hammock to sleep at night. Don’t know about the mossies though, one guide told people there weren’t any, but we had seen them on deck. Some people are taking medicines and getting ill from them and others, like me, haven’t bothered.
I've made progress in tweaking the new bikes. I'm debunking many of the things about bike fit that I've been afraid to touch before. It's a fun learning experience. I still have a long way to go...but it's kind of like the engines where unless I get closely involved with a piece of hardware, I really don't "see" or understand it. Usually it's some problem that causes me to narrow my focus and I come away smarter for looking into the details than I was when I just keep looking at the engine/module or the bike as a whole.
Due Date: May 1st
And it will happen on a Sunday. Only on a Sunday.
grocery list/coupons & meal planning
Guided imagery, which utilizes the power of imagination to heal, has been shown to reduce anxiety and pain in people with a wide range of medical conditions, including asthma, back pain, and headache, and to help patients better tolerate medical procedures and treatments. “Imagery utilizes the natural language of the unconscious mind to help a person connect with the deeper resources available to them at cognitive, affective and somatic levels,” explains Martin L. Rossman, MD.
Most people today, including many archaeologists, view the Pueblo people of the Southwest as historically peaceful, sedentary corn farmers. Our image of the Hopis and Zunis, for example, contrasts sharply with the more nomadic Apaches whose warfare and raiding abilities are legendary. In Prehistoric Warfare in the American Southwest, Steven LeBlanc demonstrates that this picture of the ancient Puebloans is highly romanticized. Taking a pan-Southwestern view of the entire prehistoric and early historic time range and considering archaeological and ethnohistorical evidence and oral traditions, he presents a different picture.
The kind of users who are confortable about buying online .
This one is mostly decked out in red and gold, with a few of our most meaningful ornaments mixed in:
Let me start by saying to those that read my vampyric musings, I thank you. Today’s thoughts may be a little different from the normal as not counting the sarcasm, the vampire references, OK never mind it seems that on second thoughts whilst I have different thoughts flying through my little insomniac head the general feel will be the same.
Thanks for stopping by today
But Phil had other interests outside of business and CD-ROM compression. He had a burning desire to discredit the theories of one man, an evil tyrant whose ideas haunted Kramer to the bitter end:
Ilokanos are known and are famously distinct to be bitter-loving peoples in these northern parts of the Philippine archipelago, in terms of food geography (as Tagalogs south down under favor sourness in their sinigang or paksiw, or the Bicolanos in their coconut milk-sweetened and chili-spiced Bicol Express). And true-blue Ilokano pait connoisseurs love the most bitter in their food, the bitter, the better, so to say. As to veggies, they want their own Ilocos paria or native amargoso, smallish and round, especially in their beloved pinakbet.
The beginning recaps what happened last episode by reminding us why in the world a person like Houtarou might ever join the classics club. After the opening we find out that absolutely nothing happened in about a month. That felt kind of weird, because you’d expect the characters to get to know each other and do some more stuff together in a month’s time. But it felt like the three of them didn’t really change over a month or anything. On the other hand, it makes sense that a person like Houtarou wouldn’t do much of anything so nothing happening in a month makes sense somehow. He also explained that he popped by when he felt bored. Are we talking a few times a week, or less? By the way, where’s Satoshi? He would be the person I’d expect to hang out in the clubroom all the time more than Houtarou. Seems like he prefers hanging out in the library. On the other hand it’s not like they really do anything over there and I understand that they don’t feel the urge to be there all the time. But even when Houtarou is around, he doesn’t seem like he’s doing much of anything over there. I kind of wonder what he’s reading. Not that it matters though.
It is entirely possible, if I continue to drink Lebanese red, that I shall be making this sculpture later……as part of my December 2010 F**kART series – coming soon!
We walked down a small, rocky path leading to a ledge and a somewhat closer view of the river. One could say we like living on the edge, or our version of it, anyway. While we were there, a storm started brewing. We could see it developing on the mesa across the river and, despite having some concerns, decided to watch for a few minutes. Awestruck by the pink lightning (that might be a poor choice of words), we stood there a bit longer than wisdom would dictate, proving Mr. Shakespeare right: "What fools these mortals be."
Check out the new goodies here:
Warning: I liked how these came out so much, don’t be surprised if I ever gift you a set of coasters.
and it's eventual end (phew!)
1. Is there anything you wanted growing up from Santa that you never got?
Today the day at 9pm tonight on ideal world will be the launch of the new Beatrix Potter cd-roms fact there will be three new ones which are Jeremy Fisher, Benjamin Bunny and Timmy Tiptoes and there will also be three new lots of stamps to go with the cds.
“You. You’re a contradiction. On one hand, you’re playing the grieving, distressed fiancé, vowing that nothing will stand in your way—as I quoted you here—to rescue Elizabeth.” He pointed to the exact words in the article. “Then conversely, you don’t seem to care what happens to her as long as you get positive and wide-spread newspaper coverage.”
About ONE BAY
It hasn’t been just our publisher divisions that have gained autonomy and input into the organization. New initiatives and committees have benefited all of ABC Canada. Advertisers and agencies are critical to ABC’s tripartite organization, and all new services, rules and reports are discussed among the three constituencies.
1 Electric Zebra cartridge = approx 20 cigarettes worth of vapour = £1.
They suffered years of hardship, living in dirt dugouts and overturned wagons, but then went on to build sturdy homes and a thriving school, develop irrigation canals and dams, raise herds of cattle, and plant vast peach and apple orchards from the punishing landscape.
The Friday morning was set aside for a workshop by Annaliese Bates and we had requested a session using a melt pot, something which was new to all but one of us. I came away with a longing to buy a melt pot and thinking of ways I could use it with felt, fibres and fabric. I don't have a photo of the atcs we made in the workshop as the one I took hasn't come out, but I will try and get one taken soon as Annaliese had come up with some great things for us to do.
You get to a certain point with growth where your energy becomes palpable to other people. I’ve had this confirmed via discussion with others this week and while it does not make me want to rethink the whole process or journey, I do know I have to take care of how I receive inevitable criticisms from people, and that I must continue to fastidiously do my pages and check-ins in order to consolidate the breakthroughs and realisations I have, or risk losing them to the wind anytime I receive some kind of attack or blow.
April finally brought my husband to us. Being apart was really hard for so many reasons. I thank God every day for having my husband, even on those days that were so so difficult. April also was my husbands birthday month and I created a card for him using one of my favorite paper collections to date from Paper Trunk.
(A quick shout out to Rebekah at Black and Dark Night for letting me borrow her copy of this. After she read it she informed me I would probably enjoy it. Well, she was right. As usual.)
(He was such a cutie)
VIII. CALENDAR OF EVENTS, HOURS AND RELATED FACTS.
You see, its human nature to believe that if we just had a little more, or a slightly better something, our lives would be perfect.
I took my pine cones and spray painted them gold, carmel latte and red banner by Krylon. I gave them two coats.
Science Lab in a Supermarket ((Friedhoffer)
Bayard:
“Florida’s open-records laws are some of the best in the nation when it comes to access to information,” said Clay Calvert, a professor at The Pennsylvania State University who studies First Amendment issues.
In the interest of self improvement I recently decided to take a digital photography course. For the last ten weeks I have been learning the ins-and-outs of digital photography. While I have always had an interest in photography and picture taking I wanted to learn more about using a camera. More specifically I have wanted to make the jump from shooting on iAuto mode to shooting in the ever intimidating Manual mode. Just a few short weeks into the class, I was already more comfortable with shooting in Manual mode, so much so that my camera is never on any other setting, ever.
These are perhaps not the words one would ideally like to hear from the mouth of one's eleven year old daughter. But why is that? What the fuck is it about swearing and children?
It did increase a bit in elevation, but that was no longer the challenge. Now we had to maneuver through large talus rock or through large, clumpy grasses which sometimes tried to throw you into small ankle or knee-deep streams feeding the waterfalls. They would come out of nowhere and all of a sudden you would get this wet sensation in your foot.
you can find
And errmm, despite the "royal" service eventually given.....she'll probably put "Miss" next time.....
I often wonder if destiny will be mine.
Sinus Polyps – Are These Growths Dangerous?
We need to live this Christian life with wreck-less abandon. Abandoning ourselves for His will and purpose.
"Yes Mum. We had a lovely night."
42. Back Up and Push
Walk 4.4mph or slower 1 minute, Run 7.0mph 1 minute
I'm off to China! Flying to Beijing first, and then down to Guilin for a photo tour. It's hard for me to believe that after all these years of practicing Chinese medicine, I'll actually be going to "the mother land"!!!
I finished my Master’s degree 11 years ago. Since then I have moved seven times (four of those between GA and FL). Most of those moves were one and two year stints, and I usually knew they were temporary going in. I realized I was closer to finding home a year ago when I left St. Petersburg to return to Athens, and found myself aching for the luscious green grass, the humid, salty air, and the calming beaches. But even though there were many things I liked, even loved, about St. Pete, I still wasn’t ready to call it home.
Hearing about Thornton making a fool of himself is also an oft-recurring theme in this show. It’s a routine that seems to suit this guy down to a tee, since he’s got the goofball attitude tempered by the semi-hipster trendy exterior. This inoffensive blend makes it easy for him to appeal to a wide target audience and still hit the mark with stories about hitting on ‘hot’ school teachers and hating the idealistic young kid who heads off to build schools in Uganda for a year.
As a young whippersnapper I would sometimes be found on the legendary Bob Bank cheering on the best team in the world.
I just love the bold colors of the papers and the richness it brings out on
And then the last straw:
Perhaps that's the new definition of the Afrikaner: a human being without value, a Throwaway Human, a human being who can only be grateful that he's still alive.
Don't know how many of you know, but Hubs was my first boyfriend, first kiss, first pretty much everything. (Yes, yes, I know... AWWWW.) So let me take you through a journey of us. Our own nerdy love story.
The reasons and who is to blame for all this chaos is all subjective. It is up to Ice Hockey UK to handle everything to do with the national team. From media and press to training camps and accommodation it is their responsibility. But surely they can only work with what they given. Meaning that the EIHL’s season ended a week later than the previous year and so players were only released to the national team 6 days before the opening day of the World Championships. The EPL, who provided the coach, back up goalie and a centre, only ended their season on the opening day of the championships.
sugar levels, as do the teeth, the eyes and the bladder.
As the second-generation president of A1 Exterminators (my father founded A1 in Lynn, Massachusetts 57 years ago) I share a common commitment with all A1Pest Professionals throughout Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire to deliver professional, effective, and reliable solutions with steadfast integrity.
Of course we are aware that it could have just been a temporary improvement, but just to see him calm, even just for a little while was a real bonus, we are praying though that the Dementia has moved to a different phase and the awful tormented time has gone.
I was able to back pack there several times as a college student.. but it isn't really the same when you have no money & are living in a hostel.. :-)
Most watercolourists combine crisp and soft edges in their work. I like the students to try a crisp edge approach for a few reasons. First of all, it’s also a ‘light to dark’ process and this is a useful and proven way to plan a watercolour painting. Secondly, it stresses brush-handling and the focus is on making articulate shapes and marks.
I watch a lot of horror. Not only do I love it, but my boyfriend loves it, so you can imagine how many movies we’ve gone through. Cabin in the Woods is indeed a “game-changer”—more precisely, it’s a genre-changer. Whedon excels at mixing genres, and he was one of the first to do it on television with Buffy, which blended drama, comedy, romance, horror … and occasionally musicals. Cabin in the Woods is so fresh because it breaks the conventions of horror—instead of the Big Bad getting the best of the good guys, the good guys get the best of the Big Bad, and that’s only scratching the surface.
Well... still no hard feeling… it was not my intention to cause you distress. Cheers.
“Hey Cousin! Hey my friend Arjun! Hey Kuru’s-son!”
And in our simplistic conclusion, we still say NO to secrecy. No to Secret Governance!!
When I wrote the conclusion to The Meaning of Gay (1) back in the fall of 2009, I was coming from having worked for nearly 8 years to try to understand gay male subjectivity in the 1960s, but without calling it subjectivity. I had described gay male desire by working from within the symbolic interactionist framework—building on the assumptions of a Deweyan notion of the subject and of experience as a radically contextualized activity-undergoing; and on a Meadian notion of the social constitution of the subject and of subjectivity as an emergent process of interaction. Gay desire had manifested itself during the period between 1961 and 1972 in a dynamic range between two poles that only existed because of their social-historical context: one pole was the desire to minimize, reduce, even to disappear gayness in favor of other aspects of subjective life (e.g., career identities, family roles, etc.); the other pole sought maximization, an expansion or extension of gayness into a pervasive and omnipresent aspect of life’s activity-undergoing. In my work, I had self-consciously avoided the language of identity, because I wanted, as much as possible, to avoid the individualizing tendency of identity discourse and instead to insist upon the social constitution of selves, communities and of gayness itself.
After completing a lot of layouts for the
CD collection – My first musical selections included I’m mortified to admit I had, and loved, such as Ace of Base, Boyz II Men, Amy Grant, Blues Traveler, Joshua Kadison, Hansen, Savage Garden and REM. Later CDs included Matchbox20, Bon Jovi, Dixie Chicks, Garth Brooks, Back Street Boys, N’Sync and No Doubt.
march was made of yarn
5. Peanut butter: the only thing that made this bread acceptable. I have to put so much peanut butter to cover it up, its not worth it.
There is really not much evidence that Obama is sexist. There is only, “Hold on a second, sweetie. We’ll hold a press avail,” which he told a reporter at an event outside Detroit. And perhaps his comment to a factory worker in Allentown, Pa., that “you’re gorgeous, you look like you might be a dancer.”
I used CCR to weld the two flower pot bottoms from April Showers, but it cut anyway. Not having too good a luck in CCR with welding Imagine carts! anyone else? So I just taped them together with my ATG gun. The heart paper is from Imagine Blast Off! That is my go-to cart! It has a bunch of cool papers. I couldn't wait to get Imagine Bubblegum cart but haven't used it near as much as I thought! The butterfly bookmark and hearts as the base of the "flowers" is also from Sophie! I love that cart too! That is my go-to cart for cards! I cut the MS heart flowers from the Walmart pink glitter paper and white paper. The heart paper on the butterfly and the polka dot paper on the heart flower bases is from Imagine Good Old Days, a pretty new cart! The glitter gem brads on the base of the "spinning flowers" are some I had in my stash. I used clear embossing powder and crystal embossing powder on the butterflies! They are really pretty IRL!! The ribbon is from Walmart! It was only 97 cents!
Sunday, flying out of Philadelphia, our plane was delayed of course. It turned out being a bright spot, because I was able to have the best beer of my weekend whilst waiting. Dockstreet Rye IPA. It was the best rye beer I have ever had. Go to Philly and get one.
I'm hoping February is better this year for me. We're going to the Unschoolers Winter Waterpark Gathering in Ohio so it will definitely not be our normal February.
Sugar: 5 Tbsp
“First time I figured something was up was when I locked eyes with the baby sitter,” he says. “She looked at me real weird, like, ‘What are you doing here? Eric’s not here, why are you here?’ “
“As you wish.” And with that, he turned and left her.
How can you tell which end might be better to spin from? Without spinning, run your fingers gently along the surface of the roving in each direction; one should feel smoother than the other – start from the end you started the rub, in the smoother direction.
and lusts; may the flesh be kept under; let no appetite of any kind, of the
To enhance driving dynamics yet further, Porsche offers the Sport Chrono Package as an optional extra for the Boxster, featuring dynamic transmission mounts for the first time. Also new in the Boxster is Porsche Torque Vectoring (PTV) with a mechanical rear axle differential lock.
And, if I don't find great photo ops, or women who agree to them, I'll substitute a News & Views day. I do have lots to tell you.
- Man’s Origin, Man’s Destiny (A.E Wilder-Smith)
I used some paper from a pad that I have had FOREVER that I had bought at Wal-Mart. I am trying to use some of this stuff up!! GEESH!! I am such a PAPER HO!! LOL! I gotta have it and then I am afraid to USE IT!! SILLY ME!! Thanks for stopping by and taking a look, and I sure hope you play along over at Lollipop Crafts!!
Time to open a Cloudline Pinot Noir 2008.
this weekend they will be streaming the Games live online. Does anyone have any plans or ideas how the ones that are interested could make it an event to hang out together and watch the Games? I will be busy all day Saturday, but if anyone has an idea, lets hear it!
“Nothing is more relaxing in my eyes than getting passed the break and cruising along the beach line looking in,” added Cenicola. “And then laying out in the kayak, letting the ocean tide drift you.”
So, last time I wrote here I was just embarking on my senior thesis (read last post for details). But now it’s a few months later, finals are done, April showers have blanketed the country and it’s Spring Break!!!
“Whoever conceals knowledge would be muzzled on the Day of Resurrection with a muzzle of fire.”
So…… I hope to be walking without pain by then… (21 weeks post surgery…maybe even running a few steps?????)
Blog day #1: Our fearless leader who heads up these meetings...Ginger...took control and made a very successful and fun night. The craft was fun, the "getting to know you" questions were helpful and the food was great..all the makings of a good Relief Society meeting.
Meanwhile, Phil Collins has won 8 times. Oh, and Public Enemy never won one either…
henry was quite observant during his time with us.
So, erm, hai. I haven't talked about anything in my life for a while now. I haven't used my laptop for a week, A WEEK. I'm so proud of myself.
Time- 1pm
Anyone want to guess what this 10 days of cookie baking has done to my dress pants? Let's just say they're not NOT tight.
But let’s consider a hypothetical situation, in which Trayvon Martin was on the phone with his girlfriend at 7:12 p.m., on February 26. So, what? How does his speaking on the cell phone with her one minute, precluded him from pummeling George Zimmerman the next? Not even Crump claims that the 6’3” “child” was holding the cell phone in his hand.
The FRACTAL Core 1000 doesn’t come with a side panel, and rear exhaust fans so an auxiliary fan is a must buy.
The British people were never asked if they wanted foreigners in the UK.
According to the charge sheet, the Western Cape Directorate for Public Prosecutions (DPP) authorised a police trap in which an undercover police official allegedly paid her R4 500 for a tog bag containing a police cap and a reflector jacket, a pair of police socks, a police shirt, two pairs of police trousers and ammunition.
I search the shore for bottled messages.
7D. Heidegger on Resisting the Demands of Technology – TEL 219
I can honestly say the hardest thing since being back is Ava. She missed us so much when we were gone. All her nighttime issues have come back full force. She will all the sudden start crying and say she is glad we are back and does not want us to ever leave again. Her anxiety is off the charts with us leaving a room or going anywhere. The night waking is back to 2 plus times a night and has been very draining on us. It was very traumatic for her having us gone. There is no way we could have taken her, she cant even handle a 1 hour flight to Phoenix let alone 15 hrs to China. We made the best decision at the time and hopefully we can get her broken heart through this process.
He put a big spoonful of Granny's bread pudding in his mouth. His eyes popped, his mouth screwed into a funny-looking twist, and tears flowed down his cheeks. Someone should have told him about the jalapenos.
Slash: Guns N Roses, Slash's Snakepit
Friday: Pizza
"One of the unusual features of SF and fantasy genre literature is that they rely on worldbuilding to an unusual degree. (I note in passing that the SF Encyclopedia doesn't have an entry for worldbuilding yet, hence the wikipedia definition.)
descended and made the mountains shudder at your presence.
Eloise has lost her charge when she meets Drake as he sweeps her into a dance and she is surprised when he takes her outside for a kiss. It makes her forget all about her charge Thalia but as they part ways, Eloise remembers Thalia is desperate to find her and get her home. When Eloise eventually finds and gets Thalia home she disappears again leaving Eloise to get Drake's help. What she doesn't realise is that she takes him from his night with the courtesan he has arranged to meet. As Drake agrees to help Eloise find Thalia she doesn't realise that her life is about to change. Drake manages to seduce Eloise and when he makes her a very tempting offer she realises she can't refuse. With her employer running away from debts and leaving the staff to fend for themselves Eloise starts to feel it is her responsibility to find them security and what Drake is offer would solve their problems. But the past soon catches up with Eloise and it nearly threatens what she has got with Drake.
talk talk all of the time when they are home together. And Jake sleeeeeps. And
A topic of discussion in my house lately has been the size of a cupcake - I love little cute mini sized ones - perfect for afternoon tea and cocktail functions.
Rated PG by the Motion Picture Association of America for language and some thematic elements.
Not long after the announcement came out that the USPTO granted a record number of patents in 2010, China's SIPO officially announced today that the number of patents granted in China in 2010 was 40 percent higher than in 2009, receiving over 1.2 million patent applications and approving 814,825 requests among them last year. The application number was over 25 percent more than that in 2009.
On the plus side, I was happy with my performance generally and felt good afterwards. I’ve already looked online for another 5K in the local area, and there’s one a few weeks from now. So I’m hoping/planning between now and then to practice, and who knows? Maybe get my “personal best” time down a little. Maybe that’s a worthy, realistic and sufficient goal?
By February ~ somehow ~ the cavalry in the form of an epiphany showed up. The cavalry arrested my ego and reminded me that I was no Montessori teacher. I was an unschooler for heaven's sake! I was Liam's mom, and I was losing him. His spirit was being squashed and the only one in the world who could rescue him was me and there was not one second to waste. So, I did my first brave act ~ probably the first in my whole life. I called my friend (who's house we had, by the way, just purchased about a month earlier) and told her that I had negligently abandoned my role as Liam's partner. I told her that my life is not about me so much as it is about him, and that because I had made the conscious choice to invite Liam to be my son, my commitment was to his goal sheet, not mine. In fact, his goal sheet was my goal sheet. I had had 37 years before he came along to work on my goal sheet. Since he was glorious enough to give me the opportunity to be his mom, was I now going to abandon this incredible individual by switching paths? No way! Of course, my friend didn't like it. We argued for about two hours on the phone (not my style at all!) and in the end went our separate ways. I did not care. When it came down to choosing between my friendship with this sweet person or the well being of my son, there was no contest. When it came down to choosing between my ego or the well being of my son, a much more subtle choice, again, there would be no contest.
All is chugging along a bit haphazardly with H and his office plans. While H tries to perfect the art of multitasking (never his strongest suit), I am confronted each morning with lists of Things I Can Do To Help (more often than not headed by the words “coffee machine”, which leads me doubt H’s priorities somewhat). Such lists invariably seem to lead to a dispiriting series of cross-purposes discussions about telephone systems, cables which incredibly seem to cost several hundred pounds a metre, and random bits of office paraphernalia…
drizzle the icing equally over each of the canoes with a spoon and let it harden. putting it in the fridge for an hour or so helps hasten the process.
Oh, and I set up a new commenting system on the blog. I can now comment right back to you directly in discussion form, and you can share the post on any of your social networks by clicking the buttons below each posts in the comment thread. And you can like posts! Fun stuff!
I'd like it to be blue skies and skin as it was a week or two ago (how much better would the colourful Park Guell look in the sun?) but the Weather Whisperers predict cold and rain during exactly the time I'll be there.
She looks so cute with her winter coat growing :)
All three of them are trying to move on from troubled pasts, but eventually...well, it's not so much that their pasts catch up to them, but that their pasts simply refuse to go away, as they may hope it would. As with Ramona's seven evil exes in Scott Pilgrim, the past, both Wright and Solondz suggest, will always hang over us, whether we want it to or not. That's a fact of life, and the only way to deal with it is to truly face it, head-on—which Solondz does in Life During Wartime even when some of his characters either refuse or are afraid to do so. Because what is it worth to "forgive and forget"—a mantra which is repeated quite often in this film, often skewed in a critical context—if the act of forgiving and forgetting is simply done in a de rigueur fashion, not sincerely from one's heart?
Next, I am to blindfold myself and walk out on a freeway. Now, I wasn’t born yesterday. In fact, I was born 19,935 yesterdays ago, so I am not going to fall for this trick to try to eliminate me and my humble little blog from blogland. Also I have better uses for my blindfold which I will most likely be using in the coming days though going into detail about said blindfold use might make me appear more like Elizabeth Berkley in Showgirls rather than Grace Kelly in Rear Window, and I want to maintain a bit of class as I go about shining the spotlight on my Glitter E. Yaynus award.
3. JAson Bourne(Ex CIA)
If many of Arizona’s defenders and critics hold one belief in common, it’s that the new “show me your papers” law is sui generis: it’s seen as one angry border state’s response to its outsized share of America’s illegal immigration crisis. But to label this development “Arizona’s folly” trivializes its import and reach. The more you examine the law’s provisions and proponents, the more you realize that it’s the latest and (so far) most vicious battle in a far broader movement that is not just about illegal immigrants — and that is steadily increasing its annexation of one of America’s two major political parties.The rest is as argument-free and as invective-filled as the beginning. Opinionators like Rich don't bother to offer reasons, they simply denounce, the "point-and-sputter" method of debate. Which I'm sure goes down well with the average Times reader.
Today, a little after dusk, somewhere between 6:00 and 6:30, autumn will quietly exit from the stage and winter will make her entrance. I love winter! It's quiet time. The one time of year I don't have to make excuses for curling up with a cup of tea in my hand and a good book. Truth be told, I don't ever make excuses for slipping away into a good read (or a bad one for that matter).
www.incredibleinternet.com/user_files/cyberbullying_full.pdf
[Update: By coincidence, the Portland Tribune has an interesting article on the future of the Lucky Lab's new neighborhood--Slabtown. "Hittner’s window looks out on an abandoned warehouse and parking lot — a warehouse that rumors say will be turned into condominiums soon. And it reminds him of years ago, when this area just west of the tony Pearl District was teeming with industrial life. And when dozens of factory workers and longshoremen would frequent his restaurant every day, for bacon and eggs, a quick lunch, even to cash a paycheck."
"Perhaps I will," said Tom with all of his might.
People born in the year of a particular animal are said to share characteristics with that animal. In the Chinese cultural tradition, dragons are not to be feared, but are respected and considered magical or divine. Individuals born during the Year of the Dragon are said to be flamboyant, powerful spirits and irrepressible innovators.
by Stephen Jarrell Williams
Let’s examine our everyday environment in a setting where hand guns are eliminated and only long guns can be permitted and carried. If you see someone walking down the street or into a store with a non-concealable rifle you can take appropriate action if uncomfortable. You are not afforded this opportunity if the person is concealing a hand gun. An officer, seeing a rifle carrier can request confirmation of a carry permit and ask why they’re carrying at this time – again, not possible if the arms are small and hidden. Also, an undesirable may be less inclined to commit a crime if they see big guns in the hands of legal carriers around them. It’s important to realize that people are already carrying around us so wouldn’t it be nice to know who is?
All this molten rock swimming around with molten metal would cause differentiation - heavier materials like iron would sink to the core, lighter materials like silicates would rise to the surface. You don't have to be *that* big for differentiation to occur. Some of the larger planetesimals in the asteroid belt differentiated before they were rended apart due to Jupiter's tidal forces, leaving us with almost entirely metallic asteroids such as Vesta.
So that was pretty much the weekend, laying in the sun, day drinking and getting burned by a fajita plate. I’m sure I left some stuff out but gotta leave some things a mystery!
She said I had to fast which I did for days at a time. She said I had to get a second job. I was working 40 hours a week making over $100,000 a year but to show I loved her I got a second job making $13.75 an hour about 20 hours a week. All the new money I made went to fix up the house.
So why does Tebow’s expression of faith make people so silly-crazy? Why do they care what he does?
He's gone! A yawning gulf's been built
In St. Thomas we went to Magen's Beach. According to National Geographics it is one of the most beautiful beaches in the world.
Trying to build resilience into a system that’s already gotten itself into this bind is a difficult project at best. The point of these efficiency drives, after all, is to free up resources to support the standards of living of the privileged classes. Since these same privileged classes are the ones who have to sign off on any project to redirect resources toward resilience, the difficulties in convincing them to act against their immediate self-interest are not hard to imagine. Since efficiency tends to take an aura of sanctity in such cases – privileged classes, after all, are as prone as anyone else to convince themselves that what’s good for them is good for everyone – proponents of resilience face an uphill fight against deeply rooted assumptions. After all, who wants to go on record in support of inefficiency?
Which I why I have vowed to get out all the things I love, and enjoy them now, and get rid of the rest of my "stuff" or meaningless junk. I'm almost there. That's part of what I have been doing the last few years.
everything for less than SGD80, sweet deals :)
So, for those of you that have cheated on your spouse, either male or female, you cheated not only on them but on your children and on me as well.
After getting the store set, obviously with a few set backs and other issues which don't need mentioning as any start up business has it's share of issues we were faced with the most daunting task...It was time to enter all of the new product into the POS system. Yes that's right, we had to enter all 1000+ facings into the computer system so we could ring up and do all those fancy things like sell product. This took us about 3-4 14 hour days but we did it and we were ready to open.
Chicken: 2 1/2-3 lbs. chicken thighs and/or drumsticks
spitting dirt, panting
Every time you pay a tax, you are generating dollars for the government, which then turns those dollars into real wealth (assets) and charges you with the bill. Sometimes it even borrows the dollars from itself to build an asset for which it claims ownership of, and then nationalizes the debt of that self-induced loan to the people, collecting dividends on the interest that the people pay!
Oh tiny bud, that grows in the womb, only to be crushed before you can bloom.
Happy Beltane everyone!
NON-FICTION
For tickets you can call: 909-793-9384
It’s because of this seed that germinated in my mind from before I even owned the game that when Shepard woke up after being vapourized by Harbinger’s beam on the final push to the Conduit that my initial reaction to the bleary world*, fucking SHRUBS**, obviously fake radio chatter of retreat*** and the fact that I had a gun that I’d not equipped beforehand and it had unlimited ammo****; my reaction that ‘this is clearly a dream,’ was immediately sublimated into a deeper recess of my mind and I went on thinking that the game was portraying, in literal terms, what it’d be like to be so close to death and yet so close to your goal. My gut instinct forgotten, I went on thinking that the game’s reality was still proceeding as normal because the games ending is bad, that, I’m sad to say, was a fact in my mind at this point.
5. Serve at once.
From the Full Moon, the Moon begins to wane. Its energy’s influence on the lives on Earth is decreasing. Sighting the Moon and watching its phases from your position in the solar system gives the illusion of waxing and waning and increasing and decreasing. If there is something in your life that needs to be destroyed, you might say that destruction is not a good thing. Think about it this way. Suppose you have an addiction to drugs or alcohol. To destroy that addiction is a positive thing. It is destruction being used in a constructive manner. And so, when something needs to be destroyed – a worry in your mind that reaches a point of an obsession, for example, compulsive behavior, etc. – needs to be destroyed, thus healed. During the waning time of the Moon, it is important to draw upon the Moon’s energy for these kinds of things.
· Work with the product management team to develop new functionality required by customers.
Now, let's forget housework this weekend. I'll need to finish my Soda piece and start my 2nd cat of Cool Cats SAL.
Sharpen my limbs with rakes
8. Ditto for Wednesday nights
It's gonna be one "heaven" of a hectic month next month. This month itself is not excluded. But I'll be travelling back and forth to KL and KK next month and I pretty sure I'll drain out compared to this month. Haiya!!! I need a masseuse 24/7 can???
In a large bowl, combine the yeast and water. Let stand 5 minutes. Then add the sugar, butter, salt, dry milk, 2 cups flour and egg. Beat together until very smooth. Add remaining flour gradually (I usually do 1/2 cup at a time) until a soft but not sticky dough is formed that you can work with. Knead the dough for at least five minutes if using an electric mixer and for at least 10 minutes if mixing the dough by hand. When the dough is smooth, place it in a lightly greased large bowl covered with greased plastic wrap and let it rise until doubled.
There were, of course, lots of beers consumed and lots of unhealthy foods eaten, including bacon-wrapped dates that looked like testicles. I waited until no one was paying attention before I put one of those in my mouth -- last thing I need is someone taking pictures of me shoveling balls into my mouth and then "leaking" them online. It would destroy my good name as a goddamn family friendly blogger.
In the interest of informing the uninformed, here’s the story in brief. Androzani Minor is a backwater shithole - no doubt this is how writer Robert Holmes described it in his script – good for only one thing: Spectrox, the key to giving the denizens of its parent planet, Androzani Major, a lifespan nearly twice as long as normal (a youthful appearance seems to be a bonus of the process). As you might imagine, Spectrox is worth a lot, to a lot of people, yet in its unrefined state, it’s little more than a deadly toxin. Enter the Doctor (Peter Davison) and his new traveling companion, Peri (Nicola Bryant), who innocently stumble across some raw Spectrox, only to find themselves quickly succumbing to its ravages. As if that weren’t bad enough, the pair accidentally find themselves embroiled in a petty war involving a ruthless, fatcat businessman, sleazy gunrunners, an incompetent militia, and an obsessed, masked scientist and his (mostly) faceless android servants. The Doctor has no designs on saving the universe or a planet or outwitting any of his opponents; all he wants to do is find the antidote to the toxin, save Peri’s life, and take leave of the entire situation. Events spiral out of everyone’s control, as the story builds to an epic climax.
After three years of searching, and now 21 years old, I still had not found what I was looking for. I heard about a course called Silva Mind Control, which was invented by Jose Silva. I took a friend along with me and we signed up for the course. I had no idea what I was getting into, but the flyer that I had looked at promised me that I would have the ability to diagnose and heal those who were sick. We were told to lie down on the floor and visualize a workroom. Then we were told to create imaginary counselors to help us in this workroom. My counselors were Jesus, Curly, of the Three Stooges, and the Lone Ranger. LOL! I figured that each of them could be trusted. Much to my amazement they would appear with me in my imaginary workroom. We have discussed some of what this is in the pages of this book. I was being indoctrinated into the occult, using meditation and what is known as guided imagery to catapult me into the unseen world of the spirit.
2) 4 LSU Tigers (31-7, 11-4) @ 3 Kentucky Wildcats (33-5,11-4), Cliff Hagen Stadium/Lexington, KY
I think since I started training, studying, weight loss and exercise its been really interesting to try and observe myself from the outside and to attempt to understand why I do the things I do, my motivation and what causes me to swerve off track – I figure that if I can at least understand a fraction of it, it will help me to understand my clients and to be a better trainer.
“I am what I am because of capitalism,” Ms. Varzar said, “and Republicans are more capitalistic.”
I am not weighing myself this seventy-second attempt at weight loss since Chase was born because it hasn’t served much of a purpose up until this point, so if/when my clothes start feeling a bit loose, I will eventually step on them again. I’ve had seventy-one failures behind me though and I would like this to be the one that sticks. I’ve got a monumental birthday coming up next month, I would like to be able to wear my wedding rings again, fit into clothes that I enjoy wearing and also enjoy a baked good every now and then without feeling so guilty.
The towpath was full of elders being escorted on the spring day by their sons and daughters a clear indication that it was Mothers Day and that an afternoon stroll was in order after the Sunday lunch.
When I visited the city as a non-French speaker and non-tango dancer, I found it too low key... Especially comparing with the vivid nightlife of Greece where I was living at that time, Geneva gave me a feeling of ‘vacuum’. Of course the politeness and simplicity (in a positive sense) of the Swiss cannot be overlooked, neither the human-friendly, clean and nicely organized city. But unfortunately I didn’t have the possibility to make contact or even chat to the local people. But this time, my tango visit was totally different!
her cards came in the post.
Phone/Text: 902.412.3501
A close-up of the bag (from last Christmas as well), and the cross necklace, last seen at Alice Cooper: And a shot of my silver snake ring and my ear cuff, both of which are well over 20 years old.
To make sense of such an argument, one must believe totally in the urban myths which have become the stuff of contemporary reality.
EDITOR: Compound?
Using the Baby Signs® Program gives babies a way to “talk” with their parents, before they can talk. Babies can communicate about the world around them, long before they have mastered their verbal speaking skills!
Jackson has responded to his critics earlier today, by reminding his audience that The Hobbit is still very much a ‘work in progress’.
(I wasn't worried about them being perfect at this point because I knew
Of course, we did other stuff besides eat. We went to Happy Hour with one of my high school friends. Had dessert with Courtney’s college roommate and her now fiancé and grabbed pizza with my college Graduate Hall Director. We went and saw “Newsies” on Broadway which was perfect. It is one of my favorite movies and the playwrights did it right. We burned up SoHo and Fifth Avenue and tried to boost the economy. We conquered the subways. We visited the 9/11 Memorial and went to the top of the Empire State Building (totally touristy, but we hadn’t done it before). We walked along the High Line in Chelsea and explored as many neighborhoods as we could. It was a perfect trip. Although it didn’t stop me from turning 30, it was the best way I can think of to celebrate a birthday.
So here are the lovely books that I have recently either received or given:
Blessed are all who take refuge in Him. Psalm 2:12b
Self Discovery Ritual - 11 Questions
The smell of lemon drops will forever remind me of my Grandmother (or is that Dumbledoor?? Haha) and the smell of a new shampoo will always make me think of my sister. What smells conjure memories for you and how do you add this into your writing?
What can you do to get motivated to exercise… when you’re really tempted to kick back… turn on your television… and eat deep fried foods that taste good… but aren’t good for you?
During my senior year of college at Georgetown University, I was forced to take a feminist criticism seminar as part of my Honors English major and hated it. I and other women in the class couldn’t understand why we were required to re-evaluate the great works of DH Lawrence, Shakespeare, Bernard Shaw and others as male demons who exploited women. Of course this couldn’t be further from the truth books like Madame Bovary and plays like Romeo& Juliet gave women a voice reflective of the times in which they lived.
Invitee 2: If I may come in here, I think what you’re talking about is one of many symptoms. The symptom is obviously going to be horrible in terms of the citizen’s life-quality, but this is just painkillers being applied to a patient who has been subjected to a mad scientist’s operation. A Doctor Frankenstein, if you will, who has created an amoral monster, with no ethics, from 27 disparate parts. I’m talking of course about the European Union itself….
A Swiss Health Food Item; Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner; Summer or Winter
Ink: (Basic Black) Stampin' Up!, black writing pen.
When I called my brother from the hospital after I’d gotten away, I remember hearing his voice, and I could feel the tears, shame at what I’d become, heating up my face. He sounded so safe, so sane, and so normal. If he would’ve asked, I would’ve told him everything. He never knew that I called him from the emergency room, and he never will.
* Spirituality in the Age of the Internet
Although it’s unfortunate that Majerus couldn’t do the reciprocal release—releasing and recapturing both forms in polluted woods—these data, along with his observations of live resting moths actually being eaten by birds and the fact that a substantial fraction of moths rest naturally on trees, where they’re exposed to bird predation, show fairly conclusively that the Biston story is sound. It’s great that Majerus repeated Kettlewell’s experiment properly. And kudos to the quartet of scientists who wrote up Majerus’s results and got them published properly.
Editor’s Note: I made a mistake in writing this article, since General Giap is still alive even up to this day. However, for artistic reasons and your enjoyment, I have decided to leave this post as it is. I just want to point out my error and clarify that Vo Nguyen Giap is still alive. Thanks for visiting. (October 14, 2010)
Than have to suffer “Dollar” or “Bobby Sox”
But, hey... I'm talking to a guy who still has sweaters for the 1980's in the back of his closet.. and thinks they are still fine to wear! I guess he is saving them for his next wife because he will never wear them while I 'm his wife!
Whether you agree with Schultz or the decisions Starbucks as a company makes – or even if you are not a fan of coffee – Onward is primarily a book about leadership. While there are no perfect leaders and there are no perfect companies, Onward tells the story of Starbucks fight to return to its principles and regain its financial standing in difficult economic times.
…you rest me on your fingertips
Amidst all of this is when I sometimes really like to just look down for a minute and admire the smallest things, like the flowers of the Dollarweed (Dichondra micrantha) growing in the backyard. Some call Dollarweed a noxious weed and try to eliminate it; others choose to use it as groundcover. We're not fond of turf grass in My Florida Backyard, of course, so we can just enjoy the adorable little flowers of dollarweed without worry.
Try it and see if it doesn't work for you too.
Catherine’s thoughts: I don’t think Lauryn and her guy actually end things in this song. They just go back and forth forever and ever, and they won’t ever find happiness. That can’t be good. And “I just can’t be with no one else” is downright depressing.
OK. I think it's nap time for me. Our neighbor has started watching Allie once a week for a couple of hours, and today I've chosen to use the time to hang out at home and do things for me. Sleep is sounding pretty good!
Mountain biking in cold weather has always been a challenge. The problem is that you'll start out cold then warm up and break a sweat, making yourself wet. Then, when you travel downhill, the combination of wet skin and windchill will be quite chilling.
Thank You For joining Us! You Will Have Fun!
Opinions..divide humanity..and have value only to the person who has them.
The second is the Weletnburger Kloster Barock Dunkel (4.7%) known as the world's oldest dark beer. It is full-bodied, with fine malt aromas, slightly bitter with some sweetness, overall creamy and delicious. This one could bring back vacation memories for some of you.
New polls indicate that millions of Americans are put off by the President’s unorthodox verbal tic, which has Mr. Obama employing grammatically correct sentences virtually every time he opens his mouth.
You are alive and bestow my sanctuary.
A Tribe Called Quest-The Anthology I don’t have much to say about this album, simply because I don’t know much about this group other than this album. Can I Kick It? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrlJX7DzLhI
The following consideration is the coverage area of your cordless mower. The smallest are fourteen inches and the biggest are 21 inches. The bigger size of course gives you a more rapidly cut time but the smaller size ought to be your mower of alternative if your property has a lot of obstacles and odd shaped grassy places.
For all of the shots in this post, I had the camera set to Aperture Priority mode, 5.6 using the long lens (70-300mm VR) with the ISO set to auto. For editing in PS, I used TRA’s Oh,Snap! plus Florabella’s Ambrosia, both set to about half on the opacity scale.
We are live in Buffalo, New York. Michael Cole, Jerry “The King” Lawler, and Booker T welcome us to the show.
I still love the chairs and if I don't use them in the family room,
﻿It's amazing how much larger the entire main floor feels this way (yes, I already started moving things around - I even used painter's tape to map out an area for our future rug). It means I'm losing my little work area, but we're gaining seating, storage and a much improved traffic flow. This picture gives you a better idea of what we're planning in terms of layout (we're planning to keep our shelving open, so ignore the doors).
this is considered trendy.
Send me your guesses for Mini Mo and his or her arrival... Just copy and paste the info below and either leave it in the comment section or e-mail it to me. I'll make a blog post with the guesses. Poll closes May 9. That's not much time, but it's far enough to give you a chance to vote and close enough that surely Mini Mo won't have arrived by then. Right?!
3. Captain America: The First Avenger
I'm irritated by today's Gospel because it challenges me to be more forthright in prayer. How often do I pray for silly things, safe things, rather than telling the Lord what I really want? Is it because I'm afraid that, if I'm really open and transparent with my desires and my prayers aren't answered, that I'll be angry or disappointed? Is it because I don't trust enough in God's grace that I cling to my own little wants and desires and resist offering them up in prayer?
Instead, several hundred thousand people watched in disbelief and anger as Mubarak refused to step down in his televised address several hours later.
VG: Well, I guess you and I first met, if that is the right word, in the One World project, where we both, together with writers from many countries, explored what we wished in a story - and New Internationalist published the result. That was only a very loose ‘theme’. I have contributed to a few anthologies with themes - one coming up this year is a collection of stories written to be read out loud, whether whispered, shouted or some other way! (“Overheard” will be published by Salt, in November.)
panted breaths between stars
What constitutes paradise to you? Is it a place, thing, person, or a moment in time? Or is it witnessing perfection, like the bloom on my Bird of Paradise plant?
TLC instead strongly supports bicycle lanes on each side of Longwood, which would create a continuous connected cycling route from Aberdeen to King Street (and eventually all the way to Princess Point) – it is our position that the road diet planned in the Shifting Gears Cycling plan should be implemented to help calm traffic and create the space required for cycling lanes.
*UPDATE: My friend Gev attended the restaurants 5th Birthday party last night, where she got to take a sneaky peak at the new menu, apparently there are some amazing new dishes on their way- keep an eye on the restaurant's website for details.*
MJ brought home a treasure from the library: Erica Bauermeister's utterly delicious debut novel, The School of Essential Ingredients. The flavors and scents and feelings and dreams contained in this book are beyond description, and yet Ms. Bauermeister describes every one, in poignant and lyrical fashion. I give it my strongest recommendation, accompanied by the suggestion that you not read too much about the story before you read the story itself.
I said to my RE today “going through this month after month piles up after a while, that one of the key things in trying to deal with the stress of it is trying to think of each new cycle as a new beginning.” He agreed.
Of course, the downside is that I am falling way behind in new releases. Lourdes, The Art of the Steal, the 1980 and '83 installments of the Red Riding trilogy (the '74 episode is gripping and devastating stuff, I must say), Green Zone, the aforementioned Bong, Bellocchio and Baumbach films—all of these as yet unwatched by me. In previous years, this might have vexed me; these days, though, I shrug my shoulders and take them in stride. Hey, I see what I can. (Not everyone can go to free press screenings, you know.)
So, don’t forget to look for Venus on June 5-6 and experience something you will never be able to see again!
Now the glory of the knowledge of God brings them wisdom.
And that Baptists knew how to party;
Not all that matters is the man,
My God is always in control even when I'm not. ~ Stephanie
My Islam is Zevi helping the universe heal
Before the officer could finish admonishing them the female yelled at the male in English "why are you doing this to me"
You can still check out my post, as well as the posts of fellow past A to Z participants by clicking on the blog title above. Follow that blog to stay updated on the upcoming challenge.
The American Frugal Housewife, by Mrs. Lydia Marie Child. You may download a free pdf of this cookbook from the Michigan State University site, Feeding America.
Waylon Jennings & Willie Nelson: Take It To The Limit
Good luck with your life Sgt Stein, I appreciate you standing by you guns and I'm sorry I didn't pull you aside and tell you, "dude, if you post that, the brass is going to hammer you". Which I have been known to do to my blogger buddies when I see someone stepping over that line. But I can't follow everything that goes on with the military in cyber space, I do have a life.
Next day, I said I have to switch SIM for a day. Maybe I have to switch off my head. Still the clutter remains in me.
***THIS CONTEST IS CLOSED***
This is going to get interesting, and I'm sure the Regime will be squealing like stuck pigs.
This is a night for radicals, seekers and believers (and their friends):
She teased him with her tongue wanting to taste him .
In my life I have only got one autograph from a Blazer: it was Sam Bowie and I ran into him in the old Tower Records store in Beaverton. He was, of course, in a walking cast. So I suppose it is only fitting that the guy I thought was a sure bet would fail so badly.
Bishop's Lace, ammi majus, is often confused with Queen Anne's Lace or wild carrot, but in fact is a different cultivar. It's a common cottage garden flower, with big snowflake-like flower clusters floating airily on a tall plant. Butterflies are drawn to it, as well as bees. I thought it would be nice to have some on the outside of the garden. It's not long-lasting, so I hope it will reseed itself and keep going. This is an experiment!
Today she has a whole mini album with tabs!... :-)
I have been working on this full time for about 2 years now, and it is now stable, and the new one is ready to roll.
Anyway, I added some to one batch of cherry and Hubby proclaimed it delicious! He says it tastes like cherry pie with vanilla ice cream. It does tasted good, but I don't taste vanilla. Maybe my taster is broken. But since he proclaimed it delicious, that is good enough for me.
But no. She's got a Ziploc bag in one hand and she starts scooping me up and dumping me in the bag. Of course I'm wondering what the hell is going on. I'm flour. I don't belong in Ziploc bags.
Phil Harris … ‘Baloo’ the Bear
And now as a mother I strive to teach my kiddos the importance of compassion, empathy and acceptance.
Among the highlights: up to 16-person multiplayer and co-op, in which you can collaborate or compete through regional and global challenges.
I cannot remember a time when I was not hers. I recall even, times past, in other places, other bodies, other times, when she was my goddess and I was hers to call.
BELLEI N, CARRARO E, PEROSA AD, BENFICA D, GRANATO CF. Influenza and rhinovirus infections among health-care workers. Respirology 2007; 12: 100-103.
topics, including his health.
Today my entire family had dentist appointments. Typically, this would be a nightmare of an experience, but not for us. In fact, my boys love to go to see Dr. Bob. They actually ask to go to the dentist because Dr. Bob is so much fun. He blows up latex gloves for them to bounce around the office, sends water bottle caps flying across the room, talks like Donald Duck, sings goofy songs and has conversations with them while he is working. You may be wondering what kind of quack dentist we see, but I assure you he is a very good dentist. He has never hurt the kids and makes it a very enjoyable experience for everyone--well as enjoyable as having someone else’s hands in your mouth can possibly be, anyway.
I thought about putting it all together and publishing it as a book. But as the war comes to an end and a free Libya opens up to a new beginning I've decided to put the past behind me and post these missing months on my blog. I need to get on with my life. The future is just too alluring for me to be dwelling on the past - but the past definitely needs to be recorded.
