Please include a link in your MM post back to the host blog, Between Naps on the Porch. Why is this important? When you include a link back to BNOTP, it ensures your regular readers/visitors will find the other awesome "Before and Afters" linked for this Metamorphosis Monday. If everyone links back, this maximizes the opportunity for visits for all who participate. I don't like having to delete links, I truly don't. But it isn't fair to the other participants who do link back, if I allow some to participate and not link back, showing they do not care if their fellow participants get visits or not. I hope you understand why I will have to delete your link if you do not link back to the MM party...just trying to make it fair for all who participate and maximize visits for all who participate.
-IAN MCEWAN! One thing I remember about the first festival I attended was how Ian McEwan was there every day, even when he wasn’t giving a talk, and he was held up as a prime example of how relaxed an atmosphere Hay creates, a place where even writers go to relax. I didn’t know his work at the time, but ten years later I’ve rarely read a work by him which I haven’t enjoyed, (although I’ve found his more recent work a little too self-referential than his more enjoyable, varied earlier novels…why are so many of his books about writers?!?).
Opiates make up 83 percent of admissions for intravenous drug addictions. Second in line is methamphetamine, followed by cocaine.
Still, I'm fluctuating about how to deal with this mess. I know I completed the online registration. January 8, 10:30 a.m. has been in my head and on my ical and in my book since mid-November. Grey also had it written down. I've discussed G&T ad nauseum with every other parent of a preschooler. But, for weeks I've also had no idea which testing site I chose. I called the Dept. of Ed. the morning before the test, (friendliest, most competent, and sympathetic representative ever) and there was no record of my registration. He wanted to know if I'd received a confirmation email or a letter with the details of my appointment. But isn't this just like everyone asking if you'd backed up your piece after the document disappears? No, I hadn't received anything. He was so sorry that there was nothing he could do. Reluctantly, I had to agree. The deadline was long past. That was it. No gifted and talented test.
7 - 10p
Malika Zarrar: He can go get cured at his family’s place or in a mental asylum. He can go to hell and take the other wife with him. What they are doing is a deliberate sin. Sexual relations between a man and a woman is a form of worship.
For more visit:
A song that never began ..
The relief I felt when the storm blew past us was always accentuated by stepping out into the glorious sunshine following the rain. I would breath deeply the scent of freshly washed earth and sky. If green had a scent, the smell right after a summer rain would surely be it. The grass seemed to be made of brilliant emeralds, flower heads drooped, crystal drops of water falling from their soft petals, and there were puddles for jumping, slick wet grass for sliding, and the sheer joy of knowing that all was once again right with my world.
As part of the care for my non-cancer cancer, hence the ‘pseudo’ in pseudomyxoma peritoni I requested that my consultant send me off for a scan. He’s a brilliant gynae oncologist but not a specialist in this condition so I like to let him know what he should be doing. He wonderfully obliged and last week I presented myself back at the QE for my first post op CT scan. It’s pretty simple and not at all scary. After changing into hospital gown(s) you have a cannula inserted into your arm, then lie down on a very comfortable bed, have a contrast dye injected into you via the cannula, hold then release your breath as you are slid in and out of a ‘big white doughnut’ and hey presto all done for another year. Word of warning, you can taste and smell the contrast and it isn’t particularly pleasant so mints to suck afterwards might be nice. Or chocolate should you feel the need!
One such school, the Leicester Islamic Academy -- where female students wear the full-length dress and head-covering and the boys wear black robes and skullcaps -- has been accused by the British government of promoting Islamic separatism. Another state-run Islamic school in Leicester, the Madani High School , has run afoul of government regulators for reneging on its promise that 10% of its pupils would be non-Muslim. A government official has warned that Britain is "sleepwalking to segregation." He said: "Segregation is now so extreme in some schools that there is not much farther it can go. It does not help to prepare children in these schools for the real world."
*School is, of course, coming to a close for most everyone. Abby Kate just finished preschool for the year on Thursday, and she is really excited about summer. But, she was even more excited about her spring program this week. I've never seen her like this before. She asked me an hour before her program if I was going to bring her flowers. I said "Well, we don't usually take flowers to the school program." To which she said, "But, you always take flowers to Kendyll and Carlie!" Oh my, she melted my heart with that one, because we DO! For ballet and piano, they get flowers for their performances, and AK has never had one of those! So, don't you know, this girl got FLOWERS for her three-year-old five-minute-long singing debut. :)
Gotten an "A" in my Statistics class (probably the most memorable thing about 2010)
I still can't believe that Anna, my college roommate and best friend is dead. The word "dead" just doesn't even seem like an appropriate word to describe someone who was so full of life.
Cuisine: Grilled Meat
1 lb hamburger
How do I get iFrames?
One wonders why the CIA guy didn’t just shoot the bogeyman when he was given the explosive underpants, but that would have been too simple and would have left the whole security apparatus with nothing to do for weeks and weeks while a new plot was being dreamed up, and it would have left Obama’s campaign without a bogeyman.
I rang the owners, Judith and David, to inquire about some of the items I was interested in and set about planning my route.
Finally, as was pointed out recently by a wise friend, Christian hope must be a person before it can be an attribute. Or, true hope must be a noun before it can be a verb. Jesus Christ is our hope. It’s in and through Jesus that all God’s promises are “yes and amen” for us. Hope begins when faith apprehends Jesus and it grows as faith continues to cling to him.
Sorry if you're south of the equator - but you've had it summer for long enough. Let someone else have a go.
What were the 'Tramp Juice Trio?
06. The Man Who Sold The World
I am most definitely in an in-between place right now. I have two finished novels for which I am searching for agents. I am working on world-building for a new fantasy novel. And I am looking for a job—a task I’ve discovered that takes up more time than forty-hour-a-week employment!
A case like this where the company had defaulted in September 2005 on RM140mil worth of Islamic debt securities issued in April 2004, dampens the sentiment even more.
I wore this to meet up with Tracey for drinks and she asked me if I had taken a picture b/c I looked cute. Of course, I hadn't so I took this when I got home. I clearly need to find a good spot in the house for pics!
- Same-color or Mix-match socks?
Wei looked down at the left breast pocket of his dress uniform. It was covered in ribbons and medals – accommodations for a career built on the backs of others as well as Wei’s innate ability to ingratiate himself to his superiors.
Nothing much planned for today. Glad I got the dog’s yard mowed yesterday. Need to cut more, but the dogs tell me theirs is the most important, and I agree. I hate to, but I guess I will look over my “to do” list or just continue with cleaning out my office. I am getting lazy in my old age, of course my wife says I should be good at being lazy now since I have had enough practice over the years. Actually, I never heard her say that out loud, but I know what she is thinking it (grin). OK, going to do something but maybe read some blogs first. Then check my email. Heck, by then it will be lunch time. Now that’s a plan and I am going to stick to it. . .
You have no idea how that statement pissed me off. I decided to try even harder. I had a couple guy friends even put my posters in the boy’s bathroom for me. Then I put them in every stall in every bathroom.
she was wheezing on the blood caught in her throat.
Sat: 9am-5pm
There’s so much space out here. You go miles and miles without seeing anything man made. Going at such a slow pace and having to work for every inch really makes you understand how huge this area actually is.
If you missed the announcement, Shattered Souls' official release date for paperback is June 1st. eBooks will be available on May 1st! v--v
Jake and I had some friends over for Thanksgiving and we had a great time. Jake roasted a turkey in the oven and also smoked one. They both turned out fantastic!!! I begged him to let me put up Christmas decorations this weekend so yesterday he got out our tree and helped me put it together. I ordered Jaxon a stocking that matches Jake's and I also ordered Lucy one that matches Leila's. I have the odd-ball stocking now, but that's okay.
And in Naples, Florida, estate planning clients consist disproportionately of well-off retired people, most of whom have moved in from out of state. These folks often are looking for straightforward advice so they can revise their estate plans to conform to the laws of their newly-adopted state. From a practitioner’s point of view, their concerns are routine. Almost mundane. Certainly not urgent. But . . . these folks are retired. They have all kinds of time on their hands, and, especially if they are new arrivals, precious little else to occupy it. As if they are approaching near-light speeds, time slows down for them, so that a week in the attorney universe seems like a month in the client universe. So an unreturned phone call quickly leads to follow-up calls. You learn very quickly how important it is to keep your clients in the loop — even if there is no logical reason for them to be concerned.
She said nothing so he continued "If you want your garden to be interesting again, I can give you some ideas, but it'll be all the stuff you know already. My ideas won't have any effect unless you're prepared to put in the hard work...do you think you're ready to dig and prune and weed and feed again?"
It’s not easy being Monday, of that I’m certain. Most people groan their way through you, wiping their bleary post-weekend eyes and wishing it were Sunday, the day of rest and leisure (or at least abbreviated store hours). Or better yet, people wish it were Saturday. Ha! Saturday, that day of the week popularized by the song that said it’s Saturday night, guess it makes it alright. Prince! That Midwestern Little Red Corvette driving pipsqueak turned pop icon! Who had the right to take away your slot? No one, I say. No one!
Overall, it was a pretty good year. Mitchell's little dance with cancer turned out ok. He is passing the follow-up tests with zero's - which in this game is great. The company I work for had a banner year, thanks in part to a huge project that Mitchell helped make a success. The garden was wonderful, and a new cutting garden is already waiting for spring weather to grow. I made peace with Mother's death and successfully closed the Estate.
Our final Brownie Scout outing of the year was a trip to the Humane Society to complete requirements of the Pets badge. Each girl brought a bag of dog or cat food to donate to the shelter. The temptation to bring home another cat was strong, but I resisted. It was really hard though…just look at that cute little face.
3. It’s too dark in the morning to wake up. We didn’t wake up this morning, because my boys were convinced it was way too early to get up, when in fact, it was 7 AM. However, being the mean mom that I am, I made them all hurry up and get ready, and go to school.
34. Baby It's You—Smith
Sex education in schools must be made compulsory. After all, its only aim is to make children aware about sexuality and reduce the dangers of deviant sexual behaviour, sexually transmitted diseases and unwanted pregnancies. Sex education is our child’s defense against a sadistic society. It makes a child grow up into a healthy individual in mind, body and spirit. Sex education clears your child of all doubts that he/she may harbour in his/her mind so that he/she need not go elsewhere searching for information. This way, the child is able to concentrate on his studies, his other extra curricular activities without any psychological strain or pressure.
LATUC encourages all Spanish-speaking brothers and sisters in trade unions across Canada to attend and participate in our First Constitutional Convention.
Do you see this woman? She is the epitome of dedication. She is strong, and she is beautiful. (She is also quite the Goobmuffin.) After knowing each other for almost four years now, I can say in all honesty that I would not be who I am today without her in my life.
Lucrezia, married to a pig of a husband Giovanni (politest way to put it) falls in love with the stable boy, Paulo. After Giovanni is ‘accidentally’ injured while hunting, what will come of this affair? Will she escape her unhappy marriage?
Last week, I decided to sign up for beer school. I sent off an email to The American Brewery Guild about signing up for their Craft Brewers program. That's when I found out that all the classes were full until January of 2012. The next shock was price of tuition. That was a bitter pill to swallow. At least I have time to save up the money.
The photos below showed packed MRT stations and commuters thronging out of them to take the bridging bus services provided by SMRT which also screwed up big time as the bus drivers were NOT told where to drive the passengers to.
But, of course, the bees love it. Coming as it does between the end of the blackthorn and the early blossom and the beginning of the May blossom and the apple blossom this crop provides a real magnet for bees. Some people absolutely love rape honey and others hate it. So the choice is yours.
Stamps - French Foliage, Tiny Tags, Simply Soft
Access to the latest Cricut.com deals.
I danced for the first time with M, one of the DJs in Montreal. I wish I was more inspired and less tired, but it was a fun tanda. Between songs she asked how come she didn't see me when she was in Boston two years ago. When I replied I wasn't dancing tango two years ago she seemed very surprised. "But you danced some other dances before tango, right?". No, I didn't. It was nice to hear someone being surprised I've been dancing for less then two years. Sometimes I feel like I am plateauing despite my efforts, so hearing the surprise in her voice was a great compliment.
L'Oreal Infallible Shadow in Forever Pink and Burning Black (above Gosh Effect Powder)
I go to the Old World Brewery website and it’s about as nondescript as ever, so (heh, heh, heh, I’m an insider now) I click on their Facebook link and find a string of comments intimating that they’ve closed down their operation on Lone Cactus and are relocating (much) further south to the area around 25th Avenue and Van Buren.
After several years, when I’d forgotten about Om mani padme hum, I found a treasure in a used bookstore “Foundations of Tibetan Mysticism”. The entire book turned out to be a study of this mantra! So it arrived for another, longer visit. But to be forgotten again for sure… until now.
Image: Dr Christiaan Barnard
Not every sunset signifies an end in life. It only tells us that there is dawn waiting for us. Just like it tells us that there is always tomorrow… to start a new beginning and to make things right. To smile at another beginning and hope for new things.
In saucepan, heat oil over medium heat and add onion, garlic and hot seed pepper. Fry until golden. Add tomato sauce and pork 'n beans. Heat until hot, adding salt, pepper and Parmesan to taste.
5) Gaydar is a hyper-evolved Mean Girls. Andy posted a rather Shoreditch-esque pic of himself in Kanye West sunnies. I loved it; the gays thought otherwise. His pic stats plummeted. It has since been changed.
Starting out, I didn't have a big budget for cloth diapers so in order to get enough to exclusively CD, we bought prefolds, flats, and Econobum one size covers. After awhile, I really wanted to try some different types and brands out of curiosity to see what works best for us. Out of the diapers we have tried, I would have to say pocket diapers are my favorite type. Once they are stuffed, they are so easy to just grab and put on my baby and they dry fast. I definitely prefer pocket diapers with a sleeve design so I don't have to touch the dirty insert (something I don't like about AI2's) and snaps are my preferred closure.
Panang coconut curry with potatoes, onions, collards and zucchini. Sesame-garlic udon noodles. Clementine orange segments.
Of all the many balls that continue to crash down around my ears, you will be relieved to know that my commitment to producing desserts that are guaranteed to add pounds upon sight, is not among them.
The farm I visited was entirely alien to me, but the strangest thing about it was the noise it made in the evening. When you stand in the middle of the fields (and there’s quite a lot of land there, especially for a girl who measures floor space in square feet), you can hear nothing. Actually nothing. I like peace and quiet, but peace and quiet to me comes with the background noise of living under the Heathrow flight path (when I was small) and mere metres away from the M40 (now, when I’m not so small). Vehicles of one form or another tick away quietly in the background of my life, ever present and for the most part, unnoticed (though listening for concord at 11am when I was at primary school was a definite exception – everything stopped when concord flew over; it was far too noisy to think, especially when you’re thinking complicated four-year-old thoughts). So for me, Countryside Quiet is quiet on a whole other level. It truly does ‘echo with the sound of silence’.
Mobile computing solutions cаn be provided fоr specific purposes. A good еxample іѕ the mail tracking system provided tо thе US postal department. This system cаn pick up, sort and route mail аnd thеn notify airport malls for thеіr reception. This tracker саn аlѕо determine late postages and apply relevant penalties on the same. Today, thеre аrе custom designed mobile computing solutions for a wide array of commercial fields ѕuсh аѕ education, business, healthcare, pharmaceutical, supply chain management, etc.
It all started with the blog. The community has been the best, most deliciously awesome cherry on top ever. Honestly, it means the world to me and I’ll tell you why. Because there are soooo many places on the internet where people go and are hyper critical and downright mean to each other (usually anonymously) and I have a real problem with that. It’s my humble opinion that the world is mean enough to nerds and outsiders, the least we can do is be nice to each other. The vast majority of the time everyone on the HNG page is friendly and supportive of both me and the other people participating. I feel like it’s a safe place to congregate. I can’t tell you how much that positive energy means to me. Y’all make me smile and laugh every day and I love ya for it.
where do you find out the google things for your site?
* then I managed to get the most awful cold and sore throat and spent a week in bed. I went back to work yesterday only to feel so terrible that my boss was going to send me home again! Been to the GP today and now have the rest of his week off. I'm actually sitting in bed typing this on my iphone lol!
The area the council is particularly concerned with is Queensland where the number of applications is disproportionately low. If you compare Queensland with South Australia there is a very big difference in the proportion of applications.
To quote the Scotsman story:
and each time we've been in the same vicinity,
As their romance deepens there’s one question they can’t ignore: How are they supposed to be together if Vincent can’t resist sacrificing himself to save others? Although Vincent promises that he’ll do whatever it takes to lead a normal life with Kate, will that mean letting innocent people die? When a new and surprising enemy reveals itself, Kate realizes that even more may be at stake—and that Vincent’s immortality is in jeopardy.
Can you grasp the adventures they may have had?
So, the wort is cooled to 24°C from the rolling boil within the hour - actually more like 40 mins.
VG: I think that might be overstating the case! ‘The Coward’s Tale’ is swimming about nicely in the maelstrom - and I am enjoying the ride. But whereas Athens invited me to come across and speak, and whereas I am teaching a week-long fiction workshop in Ireland in June, and whereas I spent a glorious stint in Stockholm as writer in residence a couple of years back - I have had not a single invite to a mainstream literary festival in the UK this year. Go figure. The reality is, festivals are businesses - they are there to make money, and the punters who will pay to attend a talk by famous names who go from festival to festival, they will not pay to hear an unknown. Fact.
We hadn't talked much about "Space" before so I introduced positive and negative space. I like to stand like a statue with my hand on my head so I can point out that the statue (my body) is positive space and the space around me, as well as the "hole" between my arm and my body are negative space. I showed a piece of paper with the shape of the state of Kansas printed on it and the students identified the shape as positive space and the empty border as negative.
I plonk me tired bum onto a stool. "I'm a bit confused to be honest! I throw me typewriter in the canal. Try and get it out, fall in....turn into a fuckin' cartoon....and now I'm in a pub with two people and a dog!"
Note, I have never experienced this stereotype incarnate. In fact most of the teachers I work with are the antithesis of this characterization. Yet I still have this fear, based on an assumption that turned out once again to be quite false. I honestly don’t think I would have that fear if I were doing the same work with an American.
As things get worse, and if you need to open cooling centers, a mass notification system can help with the daunting task of letting citizens know it is available – where it’s located, transportation options, hours of operation and what services will be provided.
interlude he eloped with Jane Midgeley the only daughter of Thomas Midgeley.
· Banking domain knowledge / background is desirable
Sorry if you have been looking for this post
Wife: (In a Hot tone) Honey, what we are going to experience tonight is going to be like never before, It is going to be so 2.0
Actually, it’s a pretty big hurdle. My project is a look into local political campaign strategies from a public relations perspective. It requires a significant writeup including a literature review, methodology, thorough analysis, and conclusions.
I am happy to announce that I'll be teaching at Art and Soul in Portland Oregon this year. I'll be teaching two different classes both of which feature copic markers.
Aside from those brief flashes of could-have-been, there’s not much else to get excited about in Horror of Frankenstein - even Kate O’Mara’s extraordinary wardrobe loses its fascination quite rapidly. Dennis Price has a cameo as the local grave robber and displays the sort of droll wit that the rest of the film is sorely lacking in, while Veronica Carlson has the most elaborate hairstyles this side of the planet Naboo, but the rest is extremely forgettable.
Peter Goulding had the unenviable task of following these three distinct voices. Within a minute, he had the room in the palm of his hand. With a track record in humorous poetry, the manner and ease of this prolific writer was apparent from the off. Irreverant, and with a fair smidgin of cheekiness, his work nevertheless displayed a depth and ability which respected subject, tradition and audience. A fitting end to as enjoyable an evenings poetry as I've experienced in yonks.
The response overall has been overwhelming. It will be difficult to top it next year, but we will certainly try!
What guts?
If you have pastry tins or mould (not sure about the name though) use them or (i used) transparent pastry sheets 4.5 inch in width and about 9 inch in length. Roll it around disc shaped cake. In such a way that cake form the base and pastry sheets forms the hollow pillar which will be filled with mousse.
Prepare all your ingredients : chop the onion and peppers into cubes and cut up the bacon rashers finely. Fry them off in a little bit of oil in a fairly deep-frying pan.
I am blown away by Sara-J’s generosity and kindness – and the pictures and her thoughtfulness could not have come on a better day!
Whilst playing host to an admiral or dragon-fly
~ Most people will take YOUR decision to home educate YOUR children personally. One of the first responses I get is "But have you been to our school and checked it out, it's fantastic"
P.S. If anyone has questions which I have not addressed, please ask them by commenting, and I’ll be happy to reply or address them in a future post!
So, treat your adopted child’s struggles in the teen years as openly and as honestly as possible. It is usually only for a short time. And in their anger and rejection, keep the mindset that “It’s not about you,” because it really isn’t.
The biggest problems around sound checks, loading in, set ups and all the other steps from A to Play are miscommunication, misunderstandings and assumptions. From the venue owners to the booking agents, the sound people to the staff at any given venue, I have heard a series of complaints from the other side of the fence. Not the musicians! Now, I remember early on being a musician as well as being young and stupid. I recall blaming everyone else when things went wrong or ran behind, when in all actuality it was on me and the rest of the band.
The two single eyeshadows are Beige Lame and Blazing Gold. I didn't have much expectations for either of them but was pleasantly surprised by Beige Lame. In the swatch, it's a muddy light beige-brown but the images do it no justice. Beige Lame has these gorgeous multi-color shimmers that makes it quite unique. I'm not sure if my camera can ever capture this to show you.
Naturally, the umbilical cord is inserted at the central portion of the placenta. Battledore placenta presents with a marginal cord insertion.
He laughed.
"I fell".
I was just an impressionable 19-year-old when I first fell under his spell, and I'm not sure I ever really recovered. As a fledgling rock critic I conducted an epic interview with Jackie which ran eleven hours, took us through several beers, two vodka bottles, God knows what else and (so unlikely) landed the great man on the cover of Record Mirror, the most pop chart oriented music paper of its day. As a thank you for what he must have perceived as a coup, Jackie sent me a Doll By Doll poster on the back of which he'd written: "To Chris, a pioneer of dark-side communication," something I've been trying to live up to or down to ever since. I'm still not sure what it means, but I do love the way it sounds.
I just paid five bucks to have my internet service turned back on. Why is that you might be wondering? Well, because some dill hole came up with a new way in which our service works. Living in the middle of nowhere you have pretty limited internet options. Dial-up blows even in a city with good phones and out here with lines put in in 1962 it blows even harder. Cable and DSL are not going to come this way. There is just no way they are ever going to bother running lines just so the four of us who live on this particular dirt road can have service so pretty much your stuck with HughesNet Satellite service if you want your pages to load when your try to open them. There use to be one competitor AgriStar which oddly enough had exactly the same pricing and services as HughesNet, but they were recently purchased by HughesNet.
First off, I finished reading this book out of pure altruism: so you won't have to. All right, it's also because I paid for the damned thing. I found it in the bargain bin of my local bookstore and it certainly looked interesting.
I forgive myself that I’ve accepted and allowed myself to during a disagreement with my partner – want to throw my hands up and say fuck it – when in fact when I stop and breathe, and direct myself in self-honesty, I realize that that is Not what I really want.
This is the only time Jesus is called an apostle.
Relationships are all about compromise and opening oneself up to the other – bringing individual aspects of each person together to create a new and beautiful dynamic. Each person brings their own unique contributions to the table and the result is the epitome of the idea that the sum is worth more than its parts.
The knuckleheads in federal, state and municipal government make it as difficult as possible to start and run a small business. And the people who suffer most are the people who are out of work.
In other news: a funny thing happened in Taxco today. One of the girls in our group had a ton of people ask to take a picture with her. I'm not sure why -- the only explanation I can think of is that she's African-American, and stands out from the norm. But we also had people take our picture the other day in a different town in a completely different state. Maybe taking pictures with tourists is a thing in Mexico...?
1/2 tsp natural vanilla flavor
So here is what I did to make this amazing cake. First you will need to bake two 9" cakes and 4 cupcakes. While the cakes were baking and cooling, I went ahead and started prepping for the decorating fun.
Religion, someone once said, is what goes through your mind as your plane taxis down the runway. It isn’t. What goes through your mind as your plane taxis down the runway is mortality. It’s aeronautics. It’s
Any way I'd best get myself dressed, as my Daughter will be round soon to take me town.
Screenwriter
At most Japanese pubs, the range of alcoholic drinks available is impressive – many varieties of sake, whiskey, cocktails, wine, and even umeshu (plum wine) – but they generally have only one type of beer. However, we noticed that the menu at this place included something called “chilled beer,” – a kind of oxymoron in Japan, since most beer is served at just above the freezing point. But the fine print indicated that this beer was from the Gotemba Kogen brewery.
May your evenings be warm and lanternlit, and all England's puddles freeze in the December sun.
I entered this card in the following challenges...
Since I cannot paint anything new for a while, I might as well go through the process here of how one of the last paintings before going into hospital was created. Going Home, 2010, was the final painting painted for my exhibition at Charles Nodrum Gallery last year. I was supposed to go to the opening, instead became ill and not only couldn't make it to Melbourne to see my exhibition, but also the operation had to be rescheduled from early December to February this year.
Remember when "Joe" the "plumber" said he had friends who were gay? And he said, and I'm paraphrasing here, but he said something like "They know where I stand, they know I'd never allow them anywhere near my kids." Why didn't the reporter say "give me the contact information for one of these gay friends?" Because you know damn well that he wouldn't be able to produce one.
It got me thinking about the children's writers I know and they are many. Are they odd? They seem the height of sanity to me but one has a pet lobster, several use cats as mufflers and many write in garden sheds which range in sophistication from buildings named "Tuscany" to "The Story Shack" and some are clearly shoe-fetishists. One has a rich fantasy life on Facebook involving his beard, which too many of us friends encourage.
I can't help it, the road just rolls out behind me
“Yeah, that’s great…but while you were drawing it, I was thinking. Do you think it’s a bad idea for me to be in a jumpsuit? I mean, like you said, I’ve never even worn one. People might not get what I was going for. Maybe my avatar should look exactly like me. Can you do that? Make me look like when I go to the office. Put me in khakis and a polo shirt, tucked in, with a belt. I like my green polo because it’s comfortable. And instead of my black shoes, put me in my boat shoes. I’ll just be me.”
Do you need motivation to succeed on a home fitness journey? Fear not! If you make me your coach I will be with you 100% of the way giving you the support and motivation YOU need! I will be starting P90X2 when it comes out! Join me and together we will become EXTREME!!!
Charms, unknowing of its beauty.
Church had me.
on her very last afternoon in November
It's pretty basic: a ripe banana resting on a thick biscuit cookie and topped with semi-sweet chocolate. It looks laughably obscene.
No I’m not breaking
I’m Looking Over a Four Leaf Clover
My kids are in sync with the Lunar New Year celebrations: They’re obsessed with explosions. We refuse to allow them (of course) but it doesn’t matter. People give them huge roman candles, or tiny ones you throw. Unless I chained them in a room I couldn’t prevent them setting off firecrackers. They’ve been ecstatically joining groups setting them off day and night. Small packs, giant boxes. They’re 3 feet long rockets or poppers the size of a match. Twice they joined a group of youths with enough to last an hour. Terrifying — I hid leaving Dad in charge. One kid has been coughing ever since he couldn’t outrun the smoke. It’s not even a city yet we hear fireworks almost nonstop, so it sounds like war. Flying last night, from the air we saw little explosions in every direction. The red paper leavings are everywhere, like the petals of spent cherry trees.*
"A few things wrong about the cosmological argument"
Liza Tillerman from Cynthia Voigt's HOMECOMING and DICEY'S SONG doesn't get any medals for good parenting. Granted, she's got mental problems, but abandoning four kids in a parking lot doesn't make her a good maternal figure.
Accessories-Machine Stitch, Sponging, Black Brads, Dimensionals, SU Heart Punch, Piercing Tool, Word Window Punch, Gingham Ribbon, Decorative Ribbon from Costco
I am very surprised that even 10 people in America would vote for this person. To me he is as scary as the Taliban but he tries to act like and talk like he is Gods right hand man.
If you haven’t seen the quirky show Portlandia its time you did. In its second year, this show never fails to make me laugh or on the flip side, shock and sometimes disturb me.
The first outfit I made for Frank was actually a standard “cool” transmog design. However, I abandoned it and started over because it didn’t look like “Frank” — didn’t suit his personality at all. While I realised that the “cool” warlock look was actually more likely to win, it didn’t serve the subversive purpose that I had intended, and the character was completely lost while wearing it. Nevertheless, it’s a nice look, so here it is:
It’s Tuesday 24th April and the North South Cup which was due to be held in the Peak District has just been called off because of the appalling weather forecast for the weekend, and I resign myself to a wet weekend in Bath. Then on Thursday evening Guy Anderson emails me to say that Scotland is forecast to be epic and do I want to drive up with him? I’m sorely tempted but after much prevaricating I decide it’s just too far to go for a weekend, so I start inviting some friends round for drinks at our house on Friday night. Five minutes after I send the invites out Guy calls me and asks “Are you sure?” “Agghhh” I reply, as I’m still in two minds, but I end up saying no. Five minutes later, after talking it over with my very long-suffering wife, I phone him back and say “F*%k it! I’m coming – you only live once!”
"The injury your wall has caused me".
which there are an abundance in middle grade literature) have a strong influence. So it is with great joy that I have embraced the challenge in my own writing. And of course I bring my own particular life experiences to that task.
In that short time span after....Mommy Meltdown began to ebb...and the guilt that I felt momentarily for making my daughter cry and fear the loss of all things dear to her...her toys....was washed away and in that blissful moment without a loud thunderous lightening bolt of a response...God answered my silent prayer asking HIS forgiveness for losing it and thanking HIM in advance for giving me the grace to apologize to my daughter for my Mommy Meltdown Moment.
Eleven months ago, a one-of-hell party was thrown in Miami, Florida.
This really is nothing new. I've always loved this stuff! its just on an anti candida diet i was avoiding it. i've been a little less strict with myself and added a couple tablespoons of it back into my life. so far so good. I always love mixing it with some lakanto and vanilla drops and eating it slowly with a spoon :-)
While this is going on, Michael’s brother – Link the Sink – generally wanders around Panama with his odd shaped head, having drinks with assorted people in hotel bars and cafes trying to organise the escape from the outside. It’s all very boring and time filling stuff which is rendered utterly pointless in the first episode of the fourth and final season (which incidentally, I think it brilliant, despite what most people say).
Overall Score: 6.8
New Zealand scientists
with a little about yourself and what teams you are on, also a link to your blog as well.
At least 52% of the world's population (and climbing) are female. That the 21st century still has inequality based on gender is confounding. Their exclusion from decision making positions is cultural rather than ability or capability based. One hopes that one day we will celebrate international best persons day. In the meantime, I extend my gratitude to all the courageous women, who improve our lives.
–$650 million for digital TV coupons
There I was lying in bed this morning trying to convince myself of good reasons not to get up when I spotted the soothing portrait of Madonna and child that I have by Flor Larios. At last it came to me how my piece should look. I attribute this to Flor's wonderful style - you should pop by her websites and take a look if you are not familiar with her work.
I figure, an organizing blog should be, well, ORGANIZED! And it is fairly organized, however, it could be better. And there are many areas that need some major updating and maintenance. And just like I get excited to tackle a room or cabinet in my house, I CAN'T WAIT to get started on this blog, which is like a second home to me!
Secular Catholics are casual about many things. They are casual about church attendance, casual about the importance of a prayer life, casual about the commandments, casual about authentic church teaching and casual in the ways they pass faith on to their children.
It’s an important pick for the Broncos as they search for their next franchise forward. After picking defencemen with each of their last three first round picks, Swift Current felt they needed an impact forward this time around. They haven’t picked a forward this high since drafting Cody Eakin sixth overall in 2006.
0 of 4 people found the following review helpful.
This night, I had the great idea to scare the living crap out of Gav. No idea why, maybe as he looked so into the groove that he would never expect it.
A colleague just told me of his recent travails with our illustrious health system. It is brilliant (from a pub anecdote point of view at least).
4. Upon proof of claim that I am NAME and not Name
Doesn't everyone?
Wimpole's Folly sits on the grounds of Wimpole Hall in Cambridgeshire, England. Built in the 1770's, it was specifically designed to look like a Medieval castle ruin. The four-story Gothic tower overlooks the ruins which spread for more than 200 feet. The property is maintained by The National Trust.
Much Love, Elder Brendan Kingsford
First elected to the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1996, Paymar is now serving in his 7th term as a legislator from St. Paul, Minnesota. Until last year's election he was chair of the Public Safety Finance Division which has budget oversight over the Department of Correction, Department of Public Safety, Department of Human Rights, the Courts and crime victim programs. He is also member of the House Finance Committee, Public Safety Policy Division and the Civil Justice Division.
I managed to write four pieces of fiction to put up for the A to Z challenge this week, but came acropper when the person mentoring my blog through the A to Z pointed out on my first post that it was too long for most people. I’d thought the forewarning and wordcount at the top would have been enough of a warning, and had no expectations that everyone would read it. In fact, when looking back logically and realistically, people read things if they want to – it doesn’t matter whether a blog post is 500 words or 5000 words, people tend to read what they are included into, what they are interested in.That goes across the board. Fiction doesn’t or shouldn’t have to follow such strict guidelines. Nor should bloggers. I’ve visited many blogs over the last few days in the same challenge who have said nothing much at all in 200 words, and the same thing in 1000. It all depends, just like life.
the kind of busy where i get to the end of the day & have to decide if we want to eat dinner or have clean clothes to wear in the morning, because having both isn't really an option.
And yet when we asked why the BBC had failed to report the use of banned weapons by US forces in their November 2004 assault on Falljuah, the BBC’s director of news, Helen Boaden, told us:
Becoming increasingly frustrated with the negative response to my work I realized I had to have an animal model and decided to use myself.
Take a look, it's in a book...
With death penalty opponents so fixated on Davis’ race — he’s black — it ought to be noted that all the above witnesses are themselves African-American. The first man Davis shot in the car that night was African-American.
Stately and proudly it darts,
Good things don't necessarily come easily, and sometimes it takes work...hard, hard work. Running has taught me a lot about discipline because that's what marathon training is all about. If you don't do the runs or the workouts, you're not going to finish the race.
He took them one by one and we
You could make it with any nut butter. We used organic( no salt added) almond butter that I get at Trader Joe's. If you use peanut butter, all natural organic is a good choice.
And into the purplesilver of everlasting air.
I wouldn't be seeing sweet little Stuart.
There is no similar ceremony for mothers and sons. Apparently, God was smart enough to put the onus of purity on girls alone. And I appreciate that.
Laneth – See Lanolin.
SHEAN: That’s why I’m here, Mr. Gallagher!
When we got home, I showed Christopher and made him watch while I put the envelope in a safe and logical place so that we do not lose it.
We hug and awkwardly laugh. He got the memo. Oh gotta love that man!
K. I'm spreading this contest trans-media. Meaning, across several platforms (blogosphere, Facebook, e-mail, etc.) And I have but one requirement to play. You have to like my author page on Facebook.
Things started out just fine. I took a picture while knitting on the plane. I had about an inch completed and thought it would be a great intro to the series of pictures.
So they're doomed.
“A young player can learn how the game is different from the youth level—the physical, technical and tactical qualities the collegiate players exhibit as developed adult players,” she said. “In particular, a player could study their own position by watching the college players. If you’re a center back on your team, you’d want to be careful to observe the center back on the college team. How do they position themselves? What decisions do they make? How and when do they tackle? How do they communicate, for example. How do the game rules differ at that level of play from youth soccer game rules?”
All veggie, sans bell peppers.
“For a second I had the ridiculous feeling that they were there to judge me.”
Happy Easter, my friends!
Finally, the Titanic story transcends all cultures and all ages because it is about human choice. The French philosopher Albert Camus, once said: “Life is the sum of all your choices”. And the Titanic disaster, reminiscent of a Greek tragedy, reminds us that in the face of death, the most sublime and the most wretched of human choices had to be made. The Titanic drama played over two hours and forty minutes, enabling the survivors to witness and give precise and chilling accounts of the excruciating choices people made at the time of the sinking. A few men chose to disguise themselves in woman’s clothing or jump onto a lifeboat as it was being lowered, to escape a certain death. Others, including my great grandfather, hurried a relative or loved one to the safety of a lifeboat. Some men, including the wealthiest amongst them, showed never seen before chivalry and fortitude. Colonel Astor and his pregnant wife gave up their seats on a lifeboat to leave room for a Third Class woman and her child. Mr. Guggenheim chose to dress up in his best suit. The Band chose to play music till the end. Brave women chose to remain and die with the men they loved. Some chose to kneel down and pray.
And if God's plan for me is to be just a wife and mom...
“I don’t understand.” I could feel panic consuming me where fire had been.
I also added info about the rest of the outfit.
Good olive oil
If you aren't familiar with the Bar Method, it is a revolutionary new workout that combines fat burning interval training,the elongating principals of dance conditioning as well as the science of physical therapy. If you can commit to 3-5 days a week, you will notice a much tighter, leaner body that is strong and toned. The butt and thigh work is killer, but after each intense interval we do a good amount of stretching which feels amazing. I can't believe how quick an hour long workout goes by...it's definitely something I look forward to each week.
Luckily, the weather figured its shit out soon enough. It started to blizzard. The snow, wet and heavy, is covering everything and it is glorious. As much as I resent winter, I cannot deny it is beautiful.
The Metiers d’Art show, which launched in 2003 as a homage to the label’s workshop, saw the Grand Palais in Paris transformed into an Indian-themed dinner party on December 6th. The ultimate dinner party… in history, I might add, was a show for the Chanel pre-fall 2012 collection. Royalty, I mean the guests, sat at luxurious banquet tables, which doubled as a runway, complete with chandeliers, opulent candle-sticks – and a feast fit for a king.
This got me thinking about my upcoming race.
Too bad that other states within the USA don’t pass a law just like that passed by Arizona.
pizza peel or non melting cutting board
Rel’s head pounded. His eyes felt like they were about to burst. Dimly, he was aware of stone against his cheek; he must have fallen over. In the Clearviewing, Rissad turned a corner and a Wilder, a brutish four-legged creature Rel didn’t recognise, grabbed him around the waist. Rissad kicked and thrashed, but the Wilder didn’t even flinch. Silence made the struggle comic.
The photographer was a successful and talented African-American photographer. I found a mention of him in a book written by Diane VanSkiver Gagel, "Ohio Photographers 1839-1900. She listed him as W. H. Wells, Columbus, 276 S. High, 1895-98, 262 South High, 1899. In Ancestry.com I found him in the Columbus, Ohio city directory still at the 262 South High address in 1914 and then in 1928 at the address of 1220 Mt. Vernon Avenue. I also found him in the 1930 Columbus census listed as William H. Wells, negro, age 63, married 19 years, born Ohio, wife Sadie age 60 years, one daughter Artura age 17 years. He owned his own home worth $3000.
We understand best when facts are embedded in natural spatial memory.
Have you ever been there … what’s the last decision you had to make?
"The skin is not exactly rainbow though I named it rainbow snow skin. For this attempt, I divided the ingredients into two portions and replaced the cold water with pandan juice for one half of the portion. The other half retains the original recipe. Recipe: Adapted from She Bakes and She Cooks"
It is not too early to make reservations with the Hotel, and delegates are asked to book them early and directly with the hotel.
Brief biography, including any crafting experience/interests
rebear affliction, this is the next life
Riddle, riddle; God’s might
When we got to the emergency department at the hospital, we did not get immediate attention because of our referral letter. We were told to wait for the doctor in question outside her clinic to have an evaluation first. The clinic was packed and the wait was long. Sigh.
These alleys were wide gravel lined areas strips that for us were easier to navigate than the streets. The dumpsters offered places to duck behind during games of hide and seek, as well as other treasurers for those willing to get their hands dirty. Many homeowners neglected the narrow strip of lawn on the alley side of their fences and an adventuresome boy could crawl through the tall weeds and stomp out a shady place to laze away in secret. And then there was the water mains behind each house.
A farm. It's a rule. Everyone has to have field trips to pumpkin farms in October.
Debbie Macomber's Call Me Mrs. Miracle ... Hallmark Channel ... 2 AM
And when those books are laid out in a series of familiar characters, well now, boy howdy, out of my way cuz I’m first in line to lay down cash. That makes it easier, knowing what they write, knowing that I’ll love what they write.
‘Marriage has become a luxury good,’ Frank Furstenberg, a sociologist at the University of Pennsylvania, told the Times.
“We appreciate the recognition,” said Bill Thunberg, Town of Mooresville Mayor. “Our area benefits from a strong partnership between the Town, County and the private sector as we seek to create job opportunities and investment. It is a great place to do business.”
RODRIGUEZ: Have you been surprised by the hate mail and the death threats?
The Ranch, though not particularly my style, was an ideal place to seek the Lord and to really focus on Him without the distractions of city life. Though I am fond of city life, this place afforded much time to grow in my relationship with Him, my savior who called me to service. My time at the Ranch was a crucial precursor to my time in El Salvador. One of the main reasons, was becoming flexible…it is often said, “Blessed are the flexible, for they shall not be bent out of shape” (Anon). Which brings me to El Salvador, what a joyous, challenging place. From the start, as soon as we exited the airport, I felt my first challenge. An overwhelming wave of heat and humidity greeted me along with friendly faces and warm embraces.
$90, 6.5 hrs.
There were two groups of women. Another group did want to hear the old school I was playing. So, I went back to that, too. As long people are having fun, I don’t give a fuck.
Activism.
Our cell group (life group or small group in some churches) decided to ride the Guatrain from Hatfield Station to Sandton City last Saturday and take a bite of Jozi's Big Apple! Not everyone could make it but those who did voted the day a great success. The train and stations are entirely disabled-friendly and so Wilma had her first ever train ride.
8:30-9:00: Down time, pretty much.
This study explores the usefulness of relaxation and gradual medication withdrawal in weaning insomniacs from sleep (hypnotic) medication. We recruited 40 volunteers from the community who had insomnia, half of whom were chronic users of hypnotics while the other half were non-medicated. Half of all participants (10 medicated and 10 non-medicated) received progressive relaxation. All medicated participants received a standard gradual drug withdrawal program. Medicated participants reduced sleep medication consumption by nearly 80%. Participants who received relaxation obtained additional benefits in sleep efficiency, rated quality of sleep, and reduced withdrawal symptoms. Medicated and non-medicated participants attained comparable, improved sleep by post-treatment and follow-up. Hypnotic withdrawal was accompanied by serious worsening of insomnia, but this dissipated by the end of the withdrawal period. The psychological treatment of hypnotic-dependent insomnia has high potential for making an important clinical contribution.
7.I really don't like the town I live in, but I bought a house here! Totally ironic? Yes. I'm just hoping everyone around my age or younger will move away since they hate it all here just as much as everyone else does. Maybe then I can enjoy our little retirement town.. ;)
Here are the photos from Monday.
I'm getting tired so I'm going to stop now.
And if Julie P can also please email Debbie at
As most of you who've been reading this blog probably know, my personal creative outlet is painting and drawing, and I've let my artwork languish for a number of years. Writing here and for the zines, blogs, and websites who've generously granted me space to share my thoughts has been a tremendous experience and it's helped me keep my analytical and academic brain-parts sharp and engaged. I'm so grateful to have that kind of outlet for my assorted ideas, opinions, and observations!
I was a bit concerned that it might be considered tacky by some, and had a momentary panic attack while addressing my boss's Save the Date when I realized "Oh shit. I'm sending my boss a picture of myself in a bathing suit!".
Oh it's been such a busy time. On top of all the baking and shopping and wrapping and my usual daily duties, my little Donster has been sick. He was on his 3rd round of antibiotics for an ear infection that wouldn't go away and around day 7 of this round he broke out in a rash, which I assumed was an allergic reaction. Well the doctor says it's scarlet fever, which I don't understand because he's been on so many antibiotics how is that even possible?? I think it's fifth disease, as it looks JUST like it, is acting like it and is viral, so would make more sense. He was soo red and covered in spots from head to toe. Poor guy.
Once I saw how
Sounds reasonable, right?
My fear is always when confronted with the truth that is not the norm in our culture – will I pursue truth or bend to culture or worse, be apathetic. Hence this is my accountability factor – to share with you each day so that I say the truth – then ask God to make it real in my life. That is why I believe that this year will be an adventure.
Narciso Contreras, a Mexican photographer who works for the California-based Zuma Press agency, was also arrested and beaten by police officers. Rajesh Iyer, a journalist who was present said: “They used abusive language and beat him up with canes. They also kicked him. They dragged him and put him in the police station.” Police violence was becoming “the norm,” he added.
Topic: Onomatopoeia
The BGH stresses that the question whether or not the method is excluded from patentability as a computer program "as such" needs an independent analysis of the additional requirement that the claim comprises instructions serving the solution of a specific technical problem with technical means.
After being exposed Stringfellow went into broadcasting (using pseudonyms), a job he'd held for a couple of years after the war. He died young in 1966 at age 44.
Yavapai College front parking lot – 1100 E. Sheldon St.
In the end (spoiler alert, though you will see it coming from a mile away), the couple succeed in getting married. Choosing between a Christian, an “extreme Christian” (who appears to be Eastern Orthodox), a Buddhist, a Rabbi, and a justice of the peace, Tom chooses the lay officiant. Cue the happily-ever-after credits. Interfaith lesson #3: the desire for a sense of balance often leads interfaith couples to choose a secular officiant. If both members of the couple are secular people, this works fine.
Money Remaining: $261,162
I can never show
Listen to it soundly measure it roundly
In a letter dated November 10, 1958, Steinbeck gives his son Thom some inspirational advice on love. Without reading Thom's letter, it seems like he was questioning if love he was feeling was real, and if he should tell his intended.
Furthermore, it has this stunning town hall, which is where we spent the day.
Hitchin’ a Ride
The second dream was positive but I can not remember it.
At some point during that two-hour event, an ISM agent attacked Eisner, and broke two of his fingers. Take a look at the way the Israeli officer is holding his weapon, and you’ll realize he is actually responding to a dangerous demonstrator, rather than attacking him unprovoked. He was provoked and then some.
In other news..the guy my friend was trying to set me up with totally bailed last night. It was supposed to be super low key, just some people hanging out, having a meal, doing a little trivia and he decided not to show up. So maybe that is that with him. Better to find out early on instead of later I think.
folk timber boned
And so begins this surprisingly emotional novel.
JESUS SAID, "IF ANYONE IS ASHAMED OF ME AND MY WORDS, THE SON OF MAN WILL BE ASHAMED OF HIM WHEN HE COMES IN HIS GLORY AND IN THE GLORY OF THE FATHER AND OF THE HOLY ANGELS."
When only lies can be revealed.
Actually, the story goes like this: over five years ago my parents bought a crib for my getting-ready-to-be-born Babe 1, and we’ve been using it ever since, carting it from San Diego to Monterey to Houston. About a month ago I decided it was finally time to let go (Babe 2 turned four and SO needed a bigger bed). In order to print up a pretty FOR SALE ad I started looking around the net for an image of the crib. To make the story short(er), turns out, it had been recalled, so I printed the recall notice, took the crib apart, and carted it, along with said Babes 1 and 2, to the nearest Target, where, after a painfully long discussion on the phone between store manager and unknown super manager, they took the crib back for a full refund! FIVE YEARS post factum, half-way around the country!!!
You pay to help kill babies
We began with the semolina dosa crisp crepe (say that 10 times fast)– a crispy and light crepe that was stuffed with potato, onion, and chile. This was a monster dish, taking up the entire plate, but we quickly devoured it. Four sauces on the side were great accompaniments to the crepe:
My service record breaks down as follows;
Sitting in the nurses lounge on that hot, difficult, afternoon........
When Honey confessed her feelings to Gelo, the latter rudely rejected and humiliated her. This is when fate intervenes and causes them to live under the same roof.
“Wait, you want me to dress up like a woman?”
Why did I have to be plagued as a Thrower-Upper when it comes to hangovers? I’d take a headache, still being drunk in the morning, anything. Throwing up sucks. It hurts and it makes me sweat more than I normally do. The only benefit is how skinny i feel afterwards. I know what you’re all thinking, but the answer is no. I do not force myself to throw up in order to lose weight. I throw up to rid my body of toxins from the delicious liquids I drank the night before.
2 leaves of butter lettuce (yes, it's called butter lettuce)
I spend odd moments checking on the Skip Beat! forum using my new android phone. It's a nice distraction and I enjoy speculating about what will be happening next in this long-running manga and gushing over it with other enthusiasts. 'Cause, hey, I'm an otaku. But I've discovered something.
So much for simple. I continue on the path, searching for something I have never seen before. Something new with still life.
A few co-workers and I were discussing a patient that had apparently taken off before being discharged. She's a regular in the ER, either as a patient herself or accompanying one of her fellow homeless, drug-using friends. We were talking about how to handle her registration when a nurse well-acquainted with this patient stuck his head in, listened for a moment, and said,
Tonight, Keith was supposed to meet her here. She hadn’t expected last night at the river. She’d seen him from afar before, of course. It’s just that usually he was flashing angry looks of hatred their way. But the way he had looked at her last night… that was different. His eyes had burned hot and she hadn’t been able to look away. It had taken her breath and she’d felt warm all over. Kira had wanted so badly to cross the river when he’d asked her to, but Ryan would have been a moody nuisance if she hadn’t returned when she was expected.
Will describes Ronnie as someone who is different from any other girls. She’s smart and funny at the same time. I like how the author clearly stated Will’s feelings and I like how he was drawn to Ronnie.
PSS: I want to give a shout out for my granddaughter in law to be. She graduated from the University of Mo. Nursing Program with honors. I, as well as the rest of the family, are proud of you Lindsey. We love you
LOOK OUT
If I had children, I would home school them. The system is designed to prepare the young for collectivism. It discourages the individual and creates the slave mentality needed to train us as adults to not question authority, get a job and pay your dues.
Then we set to getting ready for Christmas day and time with the rest of our families. My sister decided we would have a goose for Christmas dinner this time, and I have to say it was a delicious meal fit for kings and queens.
Yet again Don seems to be maturing. This season has gone to great lengths to place him in the older guard, trying to be comfortable about his life, being respectful of what he has. After hitting the bottom last season, I suppose that makes sense. He genuinely is trying to be happy, and note that with his wife, he has somewhat reconciled Don and Dick, something he never really achieved with Betty. More on that in a moment.
probably next week will be the perfect time!
New stories and poems coming up and yes...another series is in the pipeline!!!
But, back to the point of this post… how many socks does a girl really need anyway?
as much as we love to be outside,
Yud, shin, vav, ayin. Yud and vav are in the same place. Notice the invisible letters have been made visible, the mystery is revealed! One letter is even an ayin, which is a picture of an eye. The other is shin, which may be see either as a tooth or fire. Fire reminds one of light, which brings about perception, or the Holy Spirit.
Do you remember The Jetsons? Hanna-Barbera’s space age counterpart to The Flintstones? How does that sentence go? That.. if you remember this, then you had a happy childhood!
And besides it's Friday. and what could make me happier....well, A wee Bear could make me happy...
Transfer the batter to the prepared pan; spread in an even layer. To top with the streusel - pick up a handful of streusel and squeeze to form a clump. Break this large clump into smaller pieces and sprinkle over the batter. Continue until you've used all of the streusel. Bake for about 55 minutes, or until the streusel is golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Transfer pan to a wire rack and cool for 15-20 minutes. Run a thin knife around the edges of the cake then invert it onto the rack. Remove the parchment then turn the cake streusel side up and let cool on the wire rack.
Bear (aka husband) has written his last final. He is now a double major graduate in Biology and Fisheries/Wildlife at Oregon State University.
Sustainability is the opportunity of the 21st Century 1.00pm – 2.00pm Dr Alison Mitchell Centre for Sustainable Skills
At the same time, Madhesis and ethnic groups will have to step back from their maximalist demands. Tarai parties should know that they cannot have the entire southern plains as a single province, and respect the diversity within the region. Ethnic groups cannot expect to get special political rights for their communities in provinces where they are the single largest bloc — at the cost of treating all other minorities as second class citizens. This would violate all tenets of individual rights, and indirectly strengthen the anti-federal lobby.
the Best For the Best
I thought it might be interesting as we near Mother's Day in the U.S.
The last couple of entries presented various topics related to Nubian textual resources and their online presentations.
and they hold hands
Harold, never shy.
I choose to know how to be rich! Amen!
Even Gladys knew the first five- but what was the sixth happiness?
1.Dave Laibman - Granpa Spells
My love affaire with transferware began about 10 years ago when I stumbled
pictures rest easy it has since been cut.
We again saw some stabilization in the beginning of 2011, Fleming said, but the economy fell off the rail with the European debt crises, the Japanese earthquakes, and our own debt ceiling debate.
“The truth is that the fear is from the opposite side. In the U.S. there is a strong lobby opposed to the naturalization of Muslims and Arabs, for racist and political reasons. Immigration to the U.S. eventually results in citizenship, and the granting of full citizens’ rights – something not granted to Arab refugees in any Arab country, regardless of the humanitarian situation.
In the afternoon I went with a friend to Tzur Hadassah, which is a small community in the Judean hills not far from Jerusalem. I spent the evening with them, first celebrating their son's sixth birthday, and then going to a special service for the end of Yom ha-Zikaron. It was held at the house of Rabbi Levi Cooper,
If you guys have thoughts, questions, ideas or topics you want us to cover we are an open book, plus this is your opportunity to hear our thoughts.
Most Bay Area counties reflected the state's shifting numbers - Alameda County, for example, dropped from 41 percent white to 36 percent - while showing spikes in Hispanic, Asian and multirace categories.
Well, what are a group of adult nerds to do about this? Are we to go silently into our middle age and regretfully pack up our Piles of Shame, resigning ourselves to a period our lives where the gaming is infrequent and mediocre? No! We must establish a plan to stake out our game time! We must requisition basements and attics for our use! Others have their ritual trips to the bar and inviolate Sunday sports sessions–why cannot we gamers have our time? So, to that end, my suggestions for how to address this issue:
So, which is it?
elaborate plan in place for this.
Thank you for being patient with me when I have my "less than perfect" moments.
My son and I had a long talk about this, about why we gave and what it means to both us, and this family. He is learning that the reason I don't want Christmas gifts every year, and that I usually don't give many, is because I am content with what I have and don't think my relationships are based on what others can do for me, but how they make me feel about myself. When I give a home-made gift, even if it cost very little, it is a personal thank you to the recipient, something that took thought and preparation. I refuse to go spend money on "stuff". We practiced "No Spending on Black Friday", like we do every year. I am proud to say that my children are learning that money doesn't make things better, in the long run, and that they are going to grow up understanding that even though we don't have everything, they have so much more than most, simply because we choose to look at things a little differently.
When the memory of losing my virginity at age six surfaced, I could literally feel myself dying under that tree. I could feel my spirit leave my body. In that moment I died. I just didn’t remember it. That moment was when my spirit had reached its breaking point. My death wasn’t a quick death. I had already been dying for years, it was just that I had reached a point where my body, my soul, my spirit, couldn’t take any more.
I looked and to my astonishment, there, standing out against the cloudless blue mantel, was a silver disc. It was metallic and made no noise. It hovered motionless for maybe 20 seconds and then suddenly shot straight up into the sky. In a blink of an eye it was gone. We started shouting and ran as fast as we could back to the camp. When we got there we cried, “We saw a UFO! We saw a UFO!”
Monday gave everyone a little taste of summer, which is only a few weeks away. If this is an indication of what is to come, Long Branch, N.J. will be the “place to be” from June until September.
A diminutive crucifix of antiqued pewter is held fast with weathered solder, tinted the hues of rusted iron, to a slender bottle of vintage glass. A perfect addition to your collection or gift for a loved one.
Sarah (1.3) is our smiling sunshine. She has finally mastered walking and the stairs, which means she RULES THE HOUSE! She loves her blanket, watching Curious George, and keeping an eye out for the Big kids to get home from school.
Over the years my hobbies have changed. I’ve done scrap booking, cake decorating, redecorating, jewelry making, and other crafty ventures. I don’t do those things much these days. I guess the closest thing I have to a hobby is music. It’s always on in our house. We mostly listen to Christian music in all genres: rap, contemporary, classic hymns, rock, and even a little punk. I like to mix it up. I can pretty much find a style or song to fit each of my moods. My family and I love to see our favorite bands live as well! Living in the Chicago area is great because most bands make a midwest stop on their tours.
Dressing the film's stars and an innumerable amount of extras in a complex array of trashy yet stylish outfits, costume designer Kathie Clark (Angel) is the true heroine of the Valet Girls universe. Cobbling together a vast collection of negligees, pink suspenders, new wave tutus, pajamas, stockings, piano key scarfs, irregular lingerie, lace leggings, shiny blazers, and, of course, an industrial size hamper full of fingerless gloves, Miss Clark must have worked her butt off during the production of this film. Bringing the same visionary spirit she brought to the atypical ensemble she created for Diane Franklin to wear in TerrorVision (her overall look is still the embodiment new wave fashion), Kathie should be proud of what she accomplished in this film; a costume designing tour de force if I ever saw one.
Dying and contained…
Facing the death of a loved one, or a tragedy in our lives is very difficult, but we must be reminded that we are not alone. Jesus endured death for us so that even in the face of death we would be able to live with hope, strength, and courage. And because of what Jesus has done for all of us good things can happen even in our darkest moments of life. We cannot let grief rob us of the beautiful life that God has planned for us. We can choose to live and experience and receive the wonderful grace that Jesus died to give us. As we learn to lean on the everlasting arms of God and let Him bear our sorrow and pain, we will find beauty for ashes, strength for fear, and joy for our sadness.
Binary Domain could so easily have been shit. It’s a game about futuristic soldiers shooting robots — you can’t get much more cliched than that, after all. And yet it has a huge amount of charm coupled with an addictive quality that keeps you playing just to see what happens next.
For the lower portion of the card, I cut a strip of glitter paper from the Colorbok Spring Pastel Specialty Pack. The edges are inked and organdy ruffle trim (from Hobby Lobby) applied with ScorTape. Pink satin pleated trim from Stampin' Up is layered over top. To finish off the front of the card, a little spray of spring flowers were added, tied with white checked ribbon from Really Reasonable Ribbon's Winter Whites December Ribbon Club Assortment.
There was the newly immigrant family who are receiving an incredibly high amount in housing benefit for a spacious, extremely habitable looking flat in Islington. This panders to the prejudice we hear time and time again of immigrants jumping to the front of the housing queue and living in expensive properties.
So, how can we use this kind of class, and more important, why? well, the answer is simple. The designer has done the class in this way because he/she doesn’t want the class to be instanced. Although most of the times this behavior is a whimsy decission, it is a good practice for (like the class from the example above) a component delivered to a third, which is going to be forced to use only one instance from the class, avoiding unnecesary and memory spending copies from that class. For example, the class above is going to simulate the persistence layer, and we only want one copy of this layer,and the properties from the class are only accessible by the public setters and getters from the same class, like the following example:
To find real happiness,
i’m alright with that though, as long as that look still lasts a part of me will keep telling myself that i have a chance. i have a chance to re insure you why you’re looking at me that way in the first place.
Former senatorial candidate Joe Miller broke this story at World Net Daily:
pictchers of pokemoncards
land against the adversary who oppresses you, then you shall sound an alarm with the trumpets, that you may be remembered (anamninesko) before the LORD your God, and you shall be saved from your enemies. 10 On the day of your gladness also, and at your appointed feasts, and at the beginnings of your months, you shall blow the trumpets over your burnt offerings and over the sacrifices of your peace offerings; they shall serve you for remembrance
- use your imagination and develop your creative thinking skills.
Your Instruction: I want the red color case.
I'll close today's post by going back to the subject of black pants again, since this seemed to touch a nerve with a lot of readers. I was amused by the fact that a few people seemed to think they got busted harboring that offesive garment in their wardrobe, as if I had rifled through their closets. Fear not, black pants have a place in everyone's wardrobe. My feeling though is that for someone stuck in a rut, they're a bit like a dose of methadone; they'll get you through the day, and they're a lesser evil than say, track pants and a sweatshirt, but in the end you really only trade one addiction for a slightly less unpleasant one. While you're "recovering," try to stick with color as much as possible, and save the black pants for funerals and tax audits. Later on I'll do a follow-up post with some ideas for using black pants in a more creative way. In the meantime, I'll give you a few instances where using black in your outfit is perfectly fine:
Roy – 88 (28.76%)
Whenever I have gone, his audience is always, eclectic and bizarrely international. Last Wednesday, that meant three Saudi women who were coming to his show for the third time. They don’t live in London but, every few months, when they are over here, they make a pilgrimage to Lewis’ comedy show. He doesn’t know why. I don’t know why. Even they probably don’t know why.
1018 Bingham St, Houston, TX 77007
And the one that may have obstacles in the beginning may be smooth sailing once you get past the point that you can't see.
Well...you may be wondering what I caught while I was fishing...well, I wassn't really fishing, but since we were spending the day by the Peace River, I decided last minute to cook up some fish and bring them along...here they are...hope you like them. The other pics are of my daughter, my booth and the famous or should I say infamous...dunking booth!
4 parliament
In OCULUS, the sequel to Slipstream, Jordan must play hockey to attend Cornell University. Jordan needs Cornell like a man needs air to breathe. It's the only university that has everything he requires for his "quest". They have a particle collider. They have a scientist examining Antarctic ice cores for a climate change model. It really goes well together.
Crist then relates more on the symposium's concern with the female child and the alleged fact that images of women with "full bosom and rounded hips", along with the comic book violence, are dangerous to the adolescent girl's "fear of sex and her sometimes resulting frigidity". Jeez! Who knew???
In honor of seeing my friend Alicia tonight, here is a song from one of our favorite movies...
I'm going white water rafting this weekend with a bunch of work people.
She feels she will make her parents proud
All in all, a decent though muddled episode, despite the changes that keep me guessing at where these writers are heading. We even managed to get through it without any sexpositions at all–not even a breast flash. That’s gotta be worth something. Till next week, wherein Tyrion dreams that one day he’ll be riding a pig.
This is a lot of work, but it is oh, so worth it. What you’ll have at the end of it all are characters that your readers can get behind and root for as they march off to face seemingly impossible odds with a plan that has a real chance of blowing up.
Good evening all.i hope you are all well.my day off tomorrow and i am hoping to weed the garden as you can`t see my flowers for weeds.fingers crossed for a nice breeze.lol.
Chocolate Milk- 1 Cup ( I made it adding 2 tbsps Hershey’s cocoa powder to 1 cup milk)
Some of the other artists whose paintings we saw were Veronese and Bordone, and Pordenone, whose Christ With the Cross (below) admittedly a very Italian version of our Lord, is still quite arresting, and keeps my thoughts on the Love of God.
Caesar translation for exam:
I just shook my head at him. No. I can't.
tattered petticoat swooshing in circles
On the side of things with my mum. It ended up yesterday with her saying OK to the fact that I can’t really speak on the phone right now as I am too overwhelmed with everything. Then she emailed me today to wish me a nice weekend at my sister’s. I just replied asking how she is and what’s new with her. It’s been a year and nine months since I spoke with her so I am guessing that something will be new! I could go on and on about my crazy year and nine months. She won’t be expecting the email, I don’t think, so we’ll see what she says in reply. I wasn’t to ‘chatty’ in the email with her but I just mentioned that I have 2 American roommates and they’ve already gone for the weekend away so I have the room to myself until I leave tomorrow to go to my sister’s. I also mentioned about me and my sleeping today and the fact that I am still tired!
The production itself is quite sumptuous, with staggering sets designed by William Cameron Menzies (some of which look like they could have been reused the following year in THE DUCHESS OF BUFFALO). The film’s cinematography, by George Barnes, provides some excellent innovations (such as the above-mentioned tracking shot) along with well-lit nighttime interiors inside Kyrilla’s castle. The costume design, by an uncredited Adrian, supplies the production and cast with just the right period flavor.
Are you the type who believes that bookshelves are not only useful, but also beautiful?
Manicures, Makeup and Martini’s was a benefit held at Dredger’s Union to help raise money for Leukemia & Lymphoma Society. Imagine my surprise when one of my favorite bartenders was greeting all the ladies at the door (Yay for seeing Kalf more and more these days!). We had a great time (and those Blueberry Lemonade Martini’s went down a little too easily). After being pampered by Dino Palmari and Sephora, a few girls decided to head over to Hodge’s for a follow-up drink and some snacks. It was wonderful seeing Chris again, as well as his dear sister Catie. She’s adorable!
We’ll be spending Christmas with the Christensen’s this year. It will be nice not to travel! I hope everyone enjoys the season, and takes the time to remember the importance of the Savior in your lives! I know my life has been personally blessed by His teachings and example. Merry Christmas
Then I was asked my opinion about neighborhood parking permits limited only to residents. Such permits have been proposed as one way to fight the parking problems created by Brooklyn’s growth, including the projected increase in traffic if the Atlantic Yards plan proceeds.
Nearly a quarter of 18- to 29-year olds said Christians “demonize everything outside the church,” while 22 percent said the church is “ignoring the problems of the real world.”
Anticipate your negativity so I surround myself with the charge of a proton.
Sustainable Tips for Students
A few other observations, mainly of the Crohn’s and Colitis Foundation of America. For one, they gots corporate partners! Read into that what you will. Their website (which had been very helpful for me) will also lead you to info on fundraising races.
A: I was trained to look for epiphanies. I mean, that was the whole point. A novel is about the moment when a character learns something about himself and/or the world at large that he didn't realize before. The moment when Othello realizes he "threw away a pearl richer than all his tribe" for vanity or when C.W. in THE LAST GOOD KISS realizes his own inability to truly see women has kept him from seeing the truth in front of his face from about the third chapter on-those are the moments I read for. So they're the moments I write for.
different genres. Zapiro isn't a Zulu tribesman. And even if Zapiro
We fell out weighted by our dreams,
How true is that? Happens all the time. We work hard to do something perfectly, spend time and energy, yet at times our creation lacks something that we cannot put our finger on. Something incomplete, as if the soul isn’t there. On the other hand when something flows from the heart, even though it may not be perfect technically, it strikes a cord with people, touches their heart and we are filled with a sense of accomplishment.
“Some people refuse to taste sauces containing alcohol another one says. This person believes that the best solution is to adapt Danish culinary education to better suit Muslims, Jews and Jehovah’s witnesses.”
Fino/Asti - Smoked Vital Farms Chicken & Spinach Morcilla Blanca / Carrot Purée / Broccoli Slaw & Egg Yolk Bottarga
When Alex Weston is hired to ghostwrite a book about the life of Johnny Burns and his band — from playing down-and-dirty pubs and clubs in the sixties, through the excesses of seventies stadium rock to eighties meltdown — even she isn’t prepared for the depths of excess, betrayal and guilt that she uncovers.
Having explored the bunk house and chosen the smaller of the two rooms available we are faced with the news that we will be sharing our digs for the night with another couple of wall walkers (and their two dogs, Merlin and Skye)… Much as we miss having the company of our Entertainments Officer and Co-Pilot at least now these two nice people don’t have to spend the storm filled night sleeping under a hedgerow.
Into the rose-garden. My words echo
For example, my brother had a few run ins with the po-po, nothing serious, but let’s just say none of us were particularly impressed with him!
The New England Journal has also been a market leader in making its articles available for no cost to those logging in from developing countries, and making articles with important clinical or public policy implications free immediately to all. Happy Birthday.
Whimsy Stamps -3 Mini Uncut Mounted Rubber Stamps
Standard disclaimers: I can’t ensure that these events will go ahead, that they’ll be good, or that I will be going to them. This is just a list of things I found that looked like they might be interesting, so please do not contact me to ask for your event to be included. That’s not the way it works.
Lately I haven't found clothes in stores that appealing (I know weird being in Tokyo and all..) - there was NO way I could wait until March, plus I've been stuck in a wardrobe rut recently.. or the lack of - I should say so I decided to venture once again with online shopping. Last year I didn't have too much luck with online shops - mostly shoes and bags lol - so i've decided to avoid shopping for them and focus on CLOTHES!!!
All the books in the series feature a cute teddy that gives clues to the baby reading the book. They also have a ladybird hidden somewhere on each page so baby has to play and find it.
They describe their sound as heavy and simple but still incorporate catchy riffs and modern effects. To form their music they’ve used influences from bands such as Like Moths To Flames, The Plot In You and Motionless In White. To help with the lyrics, Shawn uses influences from bands such as Smashing Pumpkins and Stray From The Path.
To say this recipe is the perfect union would be an understatement. These are just plain delicious. Rich and creamy, the dulce de leche flavored cheese takes ordinary cheesecake to new heights. Topped with more rich milky caramel and a sprinkling of sea salt, I could eat these every day (I would not advise this however - I'm envisioning the episode of the Simpsons where Homer gets hugely fat and walks around in muu-muus - he must've eaten these every day!)
A few plans for the rest of the week... Appointments. Letter writing as I find myself behind again! Spending time with my daughters
the members with the best 90 day success stories have a chance of winning some of the fabulous prizes offered.
Speaking of Tommy Dreamer, main event time, AJ Styles taking on Tommy Dreamer.
Back to the original intention of this post. That being, to thank all the wonderful, differing, intelligent minds that participated in the discussions. It was a veritable smorgasbord. Everyone brought something edible and digestible to the table. Not a single rotten egg. “Good eats,” as they say. Some were more palatable to my personal tastes, e.g., agreeable to my views, but even “bitter” food can be nourishing. I was introduced to spices heretofore untried and have added them in place of others. I have tasted new wine and will keep some in my cellar. I have been well-fed. To show my gratitude, I would like to name each contributor with links to their websites or blogs wherever possible, in abc order.
"Why, I got it over at the Popeye's on Dopholopous Boulevard," said the proud Sgt. "Them spices will grow hairs on places your lady won't like."
and vegetables and plants and
It's not because I don't like my clothes, I do! It's more I need to advance my vintage style. If you saw what I wear to work all the time (pants and a big sweater) you would know why.
:: There is the radiant tubing in the floors
You want to promote products that are highly converting and have a high commission payout. To find a good paying, high converting product you want one that has a minimum of 20 gravity score. New products may come on the market and their gravity will start at zero, but leave these alone because you just don’t know how well they are going to convert and if they don’t convert well then you can lose a lot of money testing them.
any direction you choose.
The living/dining room is no longer like a stationery cupboard and the weekend starts here .. .. and all is good in The House of Hearts.
I got:
At home he’s all calm and calls Cliff to apologize. The next day Julie has a tennis match scheduled with her friend Peggy. At the club she runs into Cliff and tells him the whole story. Cliff talks about Bob’s suicide. As the conversation continues they both realize that Lyle probaby murdered him so he could get Julie.
Oh, Mary Huner's knees in Slime City, oh, how I love thee. Actually, to be perfectly honest, the main reason I noticed her knees was because I couldn't help but make a note in my knee-book that Lori and Nicole had similar knees. Originally, I thought it was just another case of kneeful happenstance (a frequent occurrence in the disjointed world of kneecap appreciation). No, I'm afraid it wasn't until the movie was over that I realized that Lori, the virginal girlfriend, and Nicole, the whorish neighbour, were being played by the same person. My initial knee-jerk reaction was to lavish the majority of the praise on costume designer/choreographer/actress Ivy Rosovsky, who, on top of being my own personal style icon, does an amazing job in this movie (particularly with Nicole's sexy ensembles). However, the more I thought about the film, the more I began to value the subtle intricacies of Mary Huner's performances.
12. Power surges: All of a sudden you are heated from head to toe. It is a momentary sensation, but uncomfortable. In contrast, some people have felt inexplicably cold. I have experienced both. More recently I experience waves or currents of energy rolling through me. Sometimes the energy seems so intense when it first comes into my body that I feel a little nauseated.
Heart within, and God o'erhead!
﻿The loft bedroom...lots of closet space!
The second part of my understanding this came during a workshop I attended a couple of years later with the famous ‘psychic barber’ Gordon Smith. He and his co-host Billy Cook ran a day of activites which included having us pair up with other participants and try and give them a reading. This was the first time I had done ‘normal’ mediumship without going into trance and was a new experience for me. I described 3 people to the woman sitting in front of me and she kept saying no to everyting I shared and stared at me blankly. This was very discouraging. When we were later asked to change to a new partner, I felt very strongly drawn to an Indian woman and asked to read for her. As we began I got the exact same faces coming to me and said.. “for some reason I’m getting the same people as I got for the last lady, sooo… I’m just gonna go with it okay and we’ll see what happens”. Amazingly, all 3 of the spirits were positively described and recognized by the woman who said that she’d hoped she would hear from these people that day. Her pushy deceased friend and relatives had actually hijacked another lady’s reading and jumped the queue!
Her last conscious thought was at least this was a lot more personal than anything the Neos could’ve hoped to deal out.
When we first moved into our home, I frequently saw a guard stationed across the street behind our house, standing in the shade of the towering palms and eyeing my backyard and kitchen windows. It bothered me. I felt like I was being watched—and likely, as a new resident and gringa—I was. (I certainly garnered plenty of looks from the construction workers, though they are now used to seeing me walk by their work sites and on rare occasions even offer a curt nod.)
3. Baptism is our rebirth into the death and resurrection of Christ. It is also our spiritual birth into the family of Christians.
First of all, Mr. Vittles doesn't really like it- so then I get stuck with all this bread, that I either have to eat by myself or give away.
Please send all orders to dutchpapercrafts@gmail.com and please include your zip code or what country you are from. Please include my item #'s with your orders so I don't give you the wrong items. I should get back to you within 48 hours. Postage is just actual costs and is reasonable. Happy shopping!
Talam Suji
I found this comment rather odd. Jethro and the three cousins had been determined to follow Jacob and Thunder Heart Woman on the trek to California, regardless of anything he would have done or said. Even Jethro had later pointed this out.
Sunday abs and core, I do this in the morning and then collapse on the couch.
in caves of contentment, bears sleep.
ARTFEST was everything and more than I had heard. It's creative, it's magical..it's, it's, it's..hard to explain if you weren't there. The very first day..I dropped my bags in my room and went to check out the upstairs..who's standing there chatting in the Madrona kitchen..OMG..Danielle Daniel and Mindy Lacefield. I'm sure I was standing there dumbfounded it took me so off guard! Meeting so many people that I had known for a long time in online workshops, meeting so many of the fabulous teachers, taking workshops...sitting around discussing our adventures at the end of the day. Our housemates were a wonderful mix of talented artists and amazing women. Ilene Heyman Harris, Megan Thompson, Janna Sammons and her adorable sister in law Betsy, Jaci Swarts, Ronna Perry Currier, Pam Holderman, Elene Nosyreva, Danielle Daniel, Francesca DiLeo, Lyn Tiverten, Carlanda Williamson, Jodi Kincaid and me!
Not only did the law require expensive testing of each of the components of new books (which would have driven up the cost with no increased benefit to kids), it was retroactive, requiring testing and certification of previously published books. Here's why this was terrible for libraries and used books:
I do not understand but I nod my head, lost for words because I am so happy that the person I love is right in front of me, talking to me, pulling me along –
I'm extremely picky when it comes to bags and footwear. Which means it sometimes takes me months and even a year before I find something that I like enough to buy. Which is also why I haven't bought a new bag even if the one I'm using is getting worse off by the day. But I have finally found The Bag. Has anyone found a cheaper replica of this designer hottie??
So, the sentiment here speaks for itself ... There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart ... thank you so much, Minnilue!!!
The problem I see is that change is happening faster and faster… or is it me who gets slower and slower?
Please note that certain 2’s, 4’s, and 6’s have a “Master Number” associated with their Life Path number; respectively 11, 22, and 33. In Numerology, this is the equivalent to a “special mission” they’ve been sent to fulfill. I’ll cover the Master Numbers at the end of the single-digits, 1-9.The 4-sided square is the symbol of this number and you’ll prove it in everything you do. The square block is the foundation of all things, and that is the course you’ll take—building everything from firm, logical, and lasting foundation.
Back on Church Street, at the corner of East Brambleton, Queen's Lounge was probably the hottest club in town. Norfolk heavyweights The House Rockers were packing them in as the resident band upstairs at Queen's Top Side. In addition to the nightly House Rockers gigs, amateur nights were put on by the club. Adventurous souls would give it their best shot fronting the band and braving the usually merciless audience. After being back in town for a while on shore duty, Ray Jones decided to take the stage, no doubt bolstered by his Navy buddies. He put his USO experience to work, and won the crowd over. It probably didn't hurt that he had packed the place with his fellow servicemen ahead of time.
(I recommend everybody should go check out all the awesome first read giveaways they have!)
And here I thought I was finished when I made Summer’s baptism dress.
for each truth you’ve helped me see.
The Illinois Teen Institute is a week-long leadership camp during the summer, sponsored by the Illinois Alcoholism and Drug Dependence Association (it has taken me many years, but I think I’ve finally gotten the name down pat). ITI was started in 1974 and has been going strong ever since, making it the longest-running Teen Institute in the nation.
That lovely bright green foliage, and fresh fresh fragrance.
6) Scrape the batter into the melted butter in the skillet. Do not mix. Smooth top slightly if necessary
John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1992 Whats The Crack (13th); 1997 Full Of Oats (Fell 1st); 2003 Chives (PU bef 12th), Maximize (Fell 19th), Southern Star (14th); 2004 Southern Star (PU 18th); 2011 Calgary Bay (Fell 4th)
Just as the saying goes, apparel makes the man. Pretty Ao Dai make pretty Vietnam women. Ao Dai is the traditional Vietnam women clothes. It manifests the beauty of Vienamese ladies and it is the representative of Vietnamese culture, just as what Chinese cheongsam is to China. Although clothes of western style are prevailing around the world , the beautifully designed Ao Dai is still widely worn by Viestnam girls all over the country.
a hillscape of the sheets and covers, you buried there.
widen driveway with flagstone
It is the first time that I have had the opportunity to work with this craftsman and it has been a pleasure.
#1: Public speech --- gives me insomnia.
Mr. Sapiens: Wonderful! You knew I would call again? How is that?
A few months ago, I found miniatures to dazzle in the Paris Balenciaga shop.
5. Spread a greased butter paper on a plate before you start cooking.Keep a greased spoon also ready.
Melt the butter and then stir in the flour letting it cook for a few moments over a low heat to get rid of the floury taste.
And oh so many, many more. These are just some of the things I found while looking online. I know that we're going to find a ton more things to do. We'll find our favorite parks and free activities, and the more time we're there, the more we'll add to our list. I can't wait to start exploring, and I want to be able to keep track of the places we've been and the places we want to go. So, I'm adding a whole new section to my HMB, the Family Fun section. And since I was playing online tourist today, what better way to start off the section than with a list of places to go! Here it is:
We headed up to the loft of the church. I had no idea this space existed. I’d attended a few services (a friend of mine had attended this church before she moved out of state) but this room was sort of secretive and placed high above. Lots of comfy chairs and couches were littered in a crude circle, and everyone found a space to sit. I hadn’t been nervous, but was getting there, now. My contact person as it turns out, runs her own kickboxing class a few days a week. When she had everyone introduce themselves so I’d know their names, and she talked about her class, I blurted out, “So why am I here?” We all had a good laugh about that, but seriously. I was stumped.
The next NAFA Rocky Mountain Chapter Meeting will be our annual car show meeting!
Media Prima’s TV3 won the Bronze award for the communications and entertainment category.
Our trip was a huge success and I dare say I might even attempt to fly solo again. Thanks again to Jayson for making this all possible!
(note to reader: The Crystal is an irregular, aluminum and glass, deconstructivist addition designed by Daniel Libeskind. The multi story, 175,000 square-foot structure was completed in 2007, and is integrated with the original 1930s neo-Byzantine stone structure.)
This is the only plausible explanation why USA has overtly by passed Pakistan and continued negotiations with Talibans. If Talibans delink themselves from Al-Qaeda and form a government in Afghanistan the USA will support the idea of Pushtoonistan.
Ain't nothing there that I care to take along
Rewind to the start
It’s very good news that you are not your brain, because when mind finds its true power, the result is healing, inspiration, insight, self-awareness, discovery, curiosity, and quantum leaps in personal growth. The brain is totally incapable of such things. After all, if it is a hard-wired machine, there is no room for sudden leaps and renewed inspiration. The machine simply does what it does. A depressed brain can no more heal itself than a car can suddenly decide to fly. Right now the golden age of brain research is brilliantly decoding neural circuitry, and thanks to neuroplasticity, we know that the brain’s neural pathways can be changed. The marvels of brain activity grow more astonishing every day. Yet in our astonishment it would be a grave mistake, and a disservice to our humanity, to forget that the real glory of human existence is the mind, not the brain that serves it.
Heat the oil / ghee for deep frying on a very low heat in a deep non stick pan.Sift the milk powder and selfraising flour together.Warm the milk and shift into a mixing bowl.Sprinkle the sifted milk powder and flour into the warm milk and knead a soft and pliable dough.At this stage the dough will be quite sticky but rub some warm ghee on your palms and rub it on the dough.Make equal walnut size balls and place them on a oiled / greased plate or a tray.
www.ohmycrafts.com
Haye, who was at the back of the room, replied: "You don't want to fight David Haye, no?"
I may have stopped drawing and painting for a long time but I found art in many other things. The art in writing, cooking, decorating, but with art comes criticism. I am my biggest critic, this is what I learned from my art. I’ve learned how to make judgment in life, in things and in people. Analyzing the meaning of literature & politics was what I learned in university, and with that, I was able to further establish judgments with a supportive basis.
“Xlibris offers author discounts ranging from 30% to 60%, reseller discounts up to 48%, and discounts on direct sales. We try to make it as easy as possible for you, your customers, and book retailers to purchase copies of your published book.”
In all of the times I’ve heard Joel Osteen speak on TV, through a podcast, video, or in any of his books, I’ve never heard him talk about sin one time. I’ve never heard him deal with tough questions that the Bible obviously poses. I’ve never heard him tell people that they have something to be saved from. And I’ve never heard him talk at any length about Jesus.
Overall we're pretty happy with the appliances so far. They were a really good bargain and they look really nice. We'll see how performance is, but we've read good things about Samsung so far.
Hello Everybody!
I know looking at it that way gives it power. It just happens. I guess I’ve tried to purge it, but the few times I’ve shared the story in order to break from its grip, it’s met by misunderstanding or gentle indifference.
and the thought is intimidating,
He said he believed that the younger generation is making an impact in some of the changes being witnessed. The “old people” he has discounted because they already know who to vote for.
And firey red glow
Well after much anticipation, the 2012 Saveur award winners were announced yesterday! And I am thrilled and honoured to be the recipient of an award in the best single video category. Thanks so much to all of you who voted online. I spent yesterday afternoon either blushing, beaming, or ok I'll even admit, jumping up and down a little, and perhaps letting out a scream or two (when no one was around). Truly, I think my mom was working a little magic, from wherever she is… making sure a few more people know about her Baba au Rhum recipe which has always filled our hearts and bellies with delight at Christmas. So this one's for her, for my mom Jali, with a wink and a cheers, we did it!
The motions give us a sense of subtext. Is she leaving because she can’t stand her husband? Or is it because she she’s hiding from something. This particular instance in the story is probably caused by the subconscious need for revenge. In their case, the need is unsatisfied by the courts, and they are unable to see the punishment of their enemy. Is it possible that they replace that enemy with each other? Perhaps the insults they throw at each other are coming from this need for vindication. They can’t punish the real criminal, so the punish each other.
Some days, I wake up and feel that I used to be much more..."muchier." Those are the days that I feel as if I have lost my muchness. That I am Almost-Ashley. Not quite the Ashley that I once was. I feel that Almost-Ashley is falling down a rabbit hole, spiraling out of control, to find herself in a world she cannot explain. A world where nothing seems to make sense. A world where she is told to “eat this”, and “drink that”… only to be surprised with results and side effects that she did not expect. These are the days that Almost-Ashley, almost decides that living in this muddled world is impossible.
As it turns out, it was ‘being four’.
There were no "lessons" today, but what price an experience like that in a child's education?
1. Take Me Home Tonight – I hated this stupid movie so much more than I think is rational. The main character was an employee at Suncoast (as I used to be!) and it was set in the 1980s (as I used to be!) so really it should have been hitting all my right nostalgia buttons. The first red flag should have been that the film was made and completed in 2007 and shelved until 2011. The second red flag should be the presence of Dan Fogler… which actually ties sort of into the 2007 thing since he was in everything that year. Fogler’s career (at least in 2007) seemed to boil down to “HE’S FAT BUT HE’S COCKY! DO YOU GET IT?” I was bored to death in this movie and I’m pretty sure I never laughed. Fuck this movie.
And my heart is pure again.
Feelings
Admits no memory of choice,
I am positively bursting at the seams with how this project turned out. It was so much fun...and I think mostly because I was doing it for my sweet son. He was visiting grandparents in Michigan for two weeks, but calling every few days to check on the progress. And you parents know, kids don't call home...so that shows just how excited he was to kiss his 'baby' room good-bye!
General Electric Building - The exhibit building will feature three general sections, one devoted to product display, one having a "house of magic" auditorium, and Steinmetz Hall, in which 10 million volts of artificial lightning will be generated and discharged in spectacular fashion for Fair visitors. Harrison and Fouilhoux are the architects.
Mr Bolt was found guilty and is no longer allowed to comment on the matter or he will be prosecuted. So much for freedom of speech here in Australia. You see, those nine didn't like it when Mr Bolt suggested that they identify with their Aboriginal heritage above all else so that they could get access to the perks that Aborigines are entitled to. Australia spends billions on Aborigine affairs each year so you can understand the why's. There are also numerous NGOs and other do-gooders with their palms out for some of the free tax candy - and of course it's in their best interests to keep Aborigine affairs strained to keep the money rolling. And until we drop this PC nonsense and stop the recognition of the first-in-the-country with special rights, then this issue will never go away. Australia and many other countries were conquered back in the day. That's what Countries did - they conquered and no amount of trying to appease what happened will change history. Years from now they'll be looking at our PC lunacy in the museums and wondering what on earth possessed sane, intelligent people to self-destruct. And the answer will be: "that's what they did back in the day"....
When I first saw this broadcast six or seven years ago, I felt the hairs stand up on the back of my neck. In his mind he is a colonist. They are colonists, and they are arriving in such vast numbers that in a few decades they will have colonised our cities and large towns. That's what he is saying. He can see it, but thanks to the media, millions of Britons apparently cannot.
The question then is, do we let them keep that power, and let them continue destroying our economy and our nation? Or do we wrest that power away, and do what needs to be done to save our country?
As will become incredibly evident, I spent a lot of quality time sampling the baked goods of Manhattan. When I met a friend in a hidden lunch place off of Wall Street, Financier Patisserie, I headed straight for the pastries. It’s clear that I planned to fuel all of my meetings with chocolate. It’s hidden on Stone Street, but judging by the lines, the locals love it.
Little baby goes…woo! (all night long)
1 Cor 5:2,5 (NIV) And you are proud! Shouldn’t you rather have been filled with grief and have put out of your fellowship the man who did this? …Hand this man over to Satan, so that his sinful nature may be destroyed…
The new Bullet Bill power-up is one of three new items in Mario Kart DS, all of which accompaniment rather than backbite from the complete armory that abounding of you, no doubt, apperceive and love. So, in amid bottomward assistant banknote for opponents abaft you and battlefront shells at opponents in foreground of you, you adeptness now acquisition yourself ablution an exploding bob-omb, or absolution a boner (one of those aerial squids) that squirts ink assimilate the screens of every amateur in foreground of you. The capability of the boner varies depending on how the ink acreage on the awning of your opponent, and aswell depends to a ample admeasurement on how able-bodied your opponents are able to drive while the DS’s top awning is covered in atramentous ink. Alive afterwards accepting “blooped” is fabricated abundant easier by the attendance of a top-down appearance of the ambit on the lower screen, which is in actuality acceptable abundant that you could play the bold appliance abandoned that if you in actuality capital to. The map awning not abandoned shows your beyond on the circuit, but aswell the locations of power-ups, traps, and opponents. A cavalcade down the larboard ancillary of the awning aswell lets you analysis on the hunt positions and accepted accoutrements of your opponents, which about makes it able-bodied annual a attending adjoin the closing stages of a race.
See the difference ?
I love you and your little girl!
~My Little Pony toy
Except that this actually is a really awful thing to do to that person.
I have an opinion that I would LOVE to share. Desperately!
Needless to say they were furious. That was Friday night ruined then. I was immediately despatched to my room. And I so wanted to watch The Pit and The Pendulum. I had to make do by creeping down stairs and sitting just outside the door. I'd often be allowed in eventually if I did that, but not tonight.
Some readers have come to the erroneous conclusion that the Matrix consists of Republican Party disinformation as if there is no disinformation from the left. Others think that propaganda is the business of Obama and the Democrats. In fact, propaganda from the right, the left and the middle are all part of the disinformation fed to americans.
There are several towns that are named after other states, or what were, in some cases, territories at the time. Florida, Wyoming, Kansas, Texas and Idaho are all represented in the names of Ohio towns. I checked to see if any of these other states had a town named after Ohio—they don’t.
Katrina
While James Stephenson as Leslie's lawyer and Herbert Marshall as her husband are both superb, it's Davis's movie, with everything hanging on this, one of the best performances she ever gave. The Letter should be required viewing for anyone who derides the actress as overly mannered, loud or abrasive. Davis is quiet, proper, there are no tics or obvious gestures to let you know what's seething underneath. It's all behind her eyes, not in her voice but in the pauses that seem to make her constant calculation visible. Andrew Sarris noted her best moments,
Mike Adams (from San Diego) and Koji Uehara (from Baltimore) to the Rangers: Two great moves by the Rangers to shore up the back end up the bullpen. Texas, just like last year, made moves that could propel them deep into the playoffs.
If you are interested in specific information about Jefferson's agricultural successes and failures at Monticello, you should read Thomas Jefferson's Garden Book. It's a compilation of his horticultural diaries, letters, and sketches. Probably more info than you ever wanted to know about the principal author of the Declaration of Independence and third President of the United States. For example, you'll read in his own words about his love of sweat peas, his favorite veggie. Random, but true.
They let us pose for a picture but I had to promise not to publish it. Something about being in a Government Facility blah, blah, blah....
….now now….I’m not talking about ‘that’!! However…no seriously…
I loved de Botton's musings on Airline Security. The training of security personnel is so arduous - they are trained to look at every human being as though he or she might want to blow up an aircraft! They have been trained to overcome all prejudices as to what an enemy might look like: the enemy could be a six-year old with a cute smocked frock and with a juice box in her hand or an eighty-year old grandma with a bunch of Christmas stockings for her grandkids. The levels of alertness that security guards need to maintain is so grueling that they were granted more frequent tea-breaks than any of the other airport employees.
Time to answer some questions again....
WHY IN THE WORLD DO THEY WANT TO KILL SO MANY PEOPLE?
Tom Knudson, The Sacramento Bee
This creature has a purple womb, complete with three tiny, fleece, baby Worrys, hand stitched into it. But this isn't just a womb, it doubles up as a pouch where a fully stuffed little Worry is nestled safely inside. Two long arms curl round in a protective, motherly way and are fastened on with purple button joints, meaning they can move back and forth.
Third, I dyed this dress! I asked you all what color I should dye it back in January. The khaki shade just wasn’t working for me. Although the majority (32%) voted for cranberry red, I decided on midnight blue (22%) because I so love to accessorize this dress with my big red belt. I used the same dye combination I use on my denim (one package each of indigo and black dye). I love how it turned out and really like the new contrast between the khaki buttons and stitching and the dark blue dress.
It seems that old adage about feeling burdened with a secret is true.
They have high editorial standards and their editors even fact check each article they produce. And, unlike some "content mills," Demand doesn't accept every writer who applies. That's probably why they don't consider themselves a content mill.
Dr. Cloward said he had consulted with legal experts and "we estimate that $200 million in special grants" could be obtained in New York City alone: Dr. Cloward said that 'in Cleveland, on June 20, 1966, 30 to 35 welfare recipients were joined by others in a demonstration that included the Hough area.
And you all know how the ingredients we put in our bodies can affect the way we feel, the way we think, and how we grow. This is especially true when we’re talking about our nation’s kids.
Oh, the charge of attempted burglary was recently added. Maybe that $50 dollar bill was fake after all. No wonder they got so upset when he checked it.
This pack of 1989 Fleer came courtesy of The Collective Troll, among with a bunch of other packs. 1989 Fleer may not have been the sexiest of packs, but it may have been the hottest pack, because I pulled what is probably the best card available in a pack of 1989 Fleer.
Author’s remarks: Actually, Chris Knowles appeared thrice on AM (6:06 a.m. ET, 7:05 a.m. ET; and 8:01 a.m. ET) with his CNN microphone. In his third AM appearance, Kiran introduced Chris saying, “Our Chris Knowles, meteorologist.” Unless “our” suggests a CNN/Client 9 relationship, Chris is more than a one-day stand.
I can't help it, I crack up. I look over at Jeremy who is obviously getting annoyed at this guy. I just laugh and laugh at the irony of it all.
But as soon as I made this decision over a month ago, I have kept to it despite opportunities…
Years ago my husband went out with his friend and they bought last-minute gifts for the wives. I had no idea what he was up to but when I opened my gift Christmas morning, the first thing I thought was, “Why this?” It was an iPod. I believe this was in 2003 – we still had dial-up internet and let me tell you, downloading a song from iTunes was an impossibly long and trying process!
I just miss you. The sun shines outside, but the curtains are drawn tight and the cigarette butts smell stale. It feels like night, like I’m living in gray pastel while everyone else is living in decadent oil. We looked so much better in color, but every picture in our photo albums is in that once edgy Sepia tone.
Game Selection + Test
Ohio river,
* Only 3 MEDIUM size JPG images can be submitted. If you are unsure how to re-size your photographs, go to Photobucket.com, upload your image, click edit, click resize, select Medium and save.
P.S. If you like this post, would you please take a moment to comment or rate it? I love feedback!!
At this point, I should probably thank Jen, a book clubber, because I "borrowed" books she no longer wanted to keep, aka books she wasn't planning on rereading. She was going to donate it, but I took them instead. I have the big box in my trunk (it's easier to keep in there and take out several books instead of transporting the entire box). Fear not, I will donate it after I get through the books.
EUROPE: 48 Parlementarians sign a motion to discuss the situation in SA in the European Palriament.
Seniors Carson Foley and Jiawei Zou will represent Maine at the National Forensic League National Tournament this year in their respective competition categories of Dramatic Interpretation and Extemporaneous Speaking. They carry on a decades-long championship tradition that has won OHS students the opportunity to serve as Maine’s ambassadors, and they continue the legacy of such recent OHS alums as Cullen Edes (’07) Nate Peterson (’08), Greta Landis (’09), Thomas Gillett (’10), and Norah Bird (’11). In addition to the national qualification of Foley and Zou, teammates Emma Peterson and Emma Sarrantonio earned first alternate status for national tournaments this year, and Emily Noyes also brought home trophies from statewide meets.
(crosstalk) And that’s what happened when I went…
Civil partnerships already provide all the legal benefits of marriage so there's no need to redefine marriage. It's not discriminatory to support traditional marriage. Same-sex couples may choose to have a civil partnership but no one has the right to redefine marriage for the rest of us.
The third post will examine what this reveals about Jesus, his crucifixion, and his resurrection.
ALL THINGS. YOUR WORD IS MY LIFE, AND THE LIGHT THAT SHOWS ME HOW TO WALK IN
I find myself trying to separate Jermaine from Jermaine the addict. I think I'm still trying to rationalize my way into a picture where things work out, if I'm being totally honest. I'm not trying to get back with him, but like a bad habit, my brain keeps searching for a way for it to be okay.
The East Side Gallery – along the Berlin Wall – was also great to wander past. It it the longest open-air gallery in world, and the murals that run it’s length were restored not too long ago. The only disappointment with this was the graffiti that marred the artwork. And it was the most pointless graffiti…”Selena was here”…and that kind of rubbish. But the murals were brilliant, some very political, some just kinda strange
reality is what is currently going on as observed by an observer & formulated by a formulating
#3 Kelly Moore Bag. I bought the Posey style and use it as a purse, a camera bag and a clutch when we go out. It's perfect in every way! It doesn't quite replace my Shoot Sac for weddings and portrait sessions but I love that I now have a camera bag that can hold a camera. Profound, right?
Everybody has aspirations, desires and dreams. Some dream to be rich, some to become a celebrity and some to find true love. But we seldom think about what we are doing with our time, skills and energy towards attaining these things. More importantly we never think if we are truly working towards becoming worthy of what we desire for. The simple wisdom behind this states that if and when one becomes worthy of something they will soon acquire it. This means for example: if you wish to become a successful writer, then you will have to begin to hone your skills as a writer and keep learning to become better as a writer. And once you work towards such dreams you will eventually pave your way to becoming a great writer and success will eventually meet you. Likewise, if you do not conduct yourself in a manner that commands respect you will never get it by demanding it. You can never get true respect, love or recognition unless you earn them by your behaviour that is worth of such things.
Well, with that said I hope to be touching base more often. Peace out.
-”What is it?” Fatima’s eyes were drawning with tears.
In fact, it'd be interesting to do a kind of comparative slum futurology: to see what building types different countries and cultures fear will become the "next slum." What does it say about you, politically? On the left, perhaps, you think it's the suburbs, waiting to be taken over by wildcats and gangs; on the right, you think it's affordable housing.
Of this number, more than 14,000 have already been given Spanish citizenship and reports claim that there are “huge queues” of passport-seekers forming every day outside the Spanish embassy in Mexico City.
On paper, we’re a perfect match. I have long legs. I prefer solo sports because I’m too competitive for group activities. I don’t want to do it constantly, so the time commitment is minimal.
Further more,You will be required to re-confirmthefollowing information to enable;The Rt Hon David Miliband MP Secretary ofState for Foreign and Commonwealth Office. begin in processing of yourVISA CARD.
6. American Airlines (as well as Air New Zealand and all other airlines listed on FEWW Top 10 Most Dangerous Airlines list.)
The new studies come from two teams of scientists, one in a U.S. lab and another in the Netherlands. They created virus strains that spread easily among ferrets, which were used as a stand-in for people. The researchers wanted to study what genetic mutations helped the virus spread. That way scientists could identify such red flags in wild viruses and act quickly to avoid potential pandemic, as well as test vaccine and drugs.
(4) What, then, mean milk and honey? This, that as the infant is kept alive first by honey, and then by milk, so also we, being quickened and kept alive by the faith of promise and by the word, shall live ruling over the earth.
Saute the scallions and onions in the olive oil until softened. Add the tomatoes and liquid from the can and cook for a few minutes, smashing the tomatoes a bit with a fork. Add the white wine, the cannellini beans, salt, pepper and shredded fresh basil. Simmer for about five minutes, then add the fish. Put a lid on the skillet, then let everything cook together for about five more minutes. That will be long enough to cook the fish. Garnish with more fresh basil and serve.
stand up, step up from the ground.
So I am doing this challenge and the first one is to do animal print nails. I will post the list of the dates and themes at the end of this post. Since I don't really dig animal prints, I decided to do some animals. Birds. But not just any birds. Angry ones. I only did my left hand and I think I will try this mani again sometime in the future and do the pigs on my right hand. We all know how easy it is to do nail art on your dominant hand right?
Short or long… until next time… ♥ ♥
Can we stop the rabble-rousing? This is not about “Session Vs. Extreme Beers,” there’s no “versus” involved. I want to see craft brewers do well. I want to see the variety of beer choices increased, everywhere. I don’t want whole categories of craft beers slammed. (Okay, maybe American hefeweizen. And pumpkin beers. Maybe.) What I really want is for session beers to get some more attention – and that’s working, and I do see a few more session beers on taps – and maybe for the brewers and promoters of extreme beers to be a bit less defensive. Is that too much to ask?Told you it was really long: that was about a third of it. But writing it was cathartic: I got over it, and moved on.
~In just about four minutes 2010 will be over and 2011 will commence. I guess it's tradition now for me to blog in the New Year; maybe it's a testament to how dull and boring my life can be that I am sitting here with my laptop every New Year's Eve at midnight.
And the last one was also inspired by Pinterest. A friend gave me a few doilies. They are smaller than the picture I saw on Pinterest so I just made my card a bit smaller. I stamped and cut out a butterfly. It looked a bit blank with nothing on it, so I stamped a few more. A couple went a bit wonky but I am fairly happy with the end result.
imprints (the trade name under which the book is published): 1
Kaufman (D-DE)
Adapted from Veggie Burgers Every Which Way
When Gage Lawton finds his brother shot dead on his back porch, every shred of evidence points to one person: Gage's former lover, Riley. He and she didn't part ways on good terms, and he's not planning to rekindle anything now--not when he's got a revolver pointed at her head and a finger on the trigger.
For the remainder of the beer I used what I had on hand East Kent Golding hops and Thames valley yeast. The jaggery has a great buttery toffee-like flavor, Ive used it once in a Belgian spiced beer (that I forgot to write up - maybe soon?) and really liked what it added to the flavor I think it should mesh well with the earthy hops and the sweet breadiness of the malt.
Nay, it is the twinkle of sunlight off a photographer’s telephoto lens that holds the answer.
for we all go through times of mini-crucifixion when awful things happen in our lives and in which we experience horror and agony and darkness and often the absence of God.
Dogizilla Black IPA
I made one a few years ago and while I liked it, it didn't have enough space to draw or add in notes. With all the conference applications I'm sending out, I really needed something that I could keep track of everything in. I like using a digital calender for day to day stuff, but I tend to be very visual (no big surprise) and it's just hard to see due-dates and schedules in the digital format.
Between this sunny afternoon and the date for the auditions, my recovery continued with a few blips here and there. For some reason though, the thought of the play filled me with a determination to go forward. It felt like something to aim for. Something to grasp.
After that we went up and over the mountains behind Santa Barbara to the Santa Ynez river canyon. NOTE: Gibraltar Road is CLOSED, apparently always the case at this time of year. I like driving over those concrete things to go through the river so I was a little disappointed, not to mention that the Red Rock area is pretty cool. But still, the Oso campgrounds aren't bad either.
Turning your hallway into a bowling alley
I think I would like to go for something like this:
When one is satisfied with a crumb, why should HaShem bother to give him a steak?
Develop the next generation of
3) You know how I mentioned last week that I was going to tackle 100-calorie cake pops? Yeah. Not so much. People, please just take my word for it: don't try using the cake mix with canned pumpkin trick for cake balls. Please.
Please note that the link to CIDER Sessions has now changed to:
Longtime friend Timerie Gordon said those who knew Collins were “very angry and sad and trying to make sense of something that will never be sensible.”
The last time we were at Phnom Penh, we didn’t try the Butter Beef. I’ve heard a lot of good reviews about the Butter Beef so we had to try it. Served with cilantro, crispy garlic, and their special marinating sauce, it tastes a lot like beef tataki from Japanese restaurants. It was really good (we wound up gettiing a 2nd order) but I was expecting it to taste more buttery given the name.
If lofty glances from lofty people
While the things I listed above are necessary to raise awareness about causes, they are simply not enough to change the world. What happens after you become aware? After you return from your trip? After you buy those TOMS? Once those good feelings fade, do these things change how you live your life? If they do, you will quickly learn that positive change is not as easy as these things make it seem.
Try to play somewhere dark and, preferably, quiet (as per Rule #1). Candlelight or a fireplace is best. Music should be creepy and should fit the mood. If you’re going to order food, make sure it is done and the food is there before the game starts. It’s okay for folks to eat while you are playing, of course, but don’t get interrupted by the pizza guy–it breaks the spell, as it were, for everybody to stand up and fumble around for cash (plus you’ll probably have to turn on the lights). Setting the mood helps Rule #1 actually happen and gets people into the zone. The more they play along, the better things will go.
Okay, someone sent this to me in an email and labeled it Bucket List. Since a bucket list is supposed to be a list of things I want to do before I die, this list doesn't qualify. But it is fun to see what people have experienced. So I put an x by everything I've done. Feel free to copy, answer a few in comments, or whatever to tell me which things you've done.
I chose indulgence.
18I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich; and white raiment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear; and anoint thine eyes with eyesalve, that thou mayest see.
November 6, 2011. Postscript: Just read Sarah Watt, 53, has lost her battle with cancer. A sad, sad, loss.
I love that you love them, Sue! I do as well. And they were all my publisher’s idea (thanks, Faye!). Faye suggested it might be a cool idea to have someone illustrate the eBook version, which I thought was a terrific idea, and then we saw the illustrations we both agreed that we should try to incorporate them into the paperback. And I am thrilled with them (and the cover) because I think they compliment the stories perfectly. It’s definitely worked out wonderfully well.
And so she shall…
Noted the slender and jagged threads of lightning as sudden and fast
I got to open the blinds...cuz it's SUNNY today!
I can guarantee you these amazing products for the special price of only...
The fact that I've been able to stop in January and March without any ill effect shows I’m not physically addicted as such. However, I don’t like the thought that psychologically, my drinking habits are hooking me in, as alcohol insiduously teases me towards the slippery slope. It might be a way of helping me to wind down, but is the increase because it takes more and more alcohol to achieve the same effects, as your body becomes used to it. Because eventually alcohol might become the only way to wind down...
For all his promise, Bland's musical career ignited slowly. He was a founding member of the Beale Streeters, the fabled Memphis aggregation that also included B.B. King and Johnny Ace. Singles for Chess in 1951 (produced by Sam Phillips) and Modern the next year bombed, but that didn't stop local DJ David Mattis from cutting Bland on a couple of 1952 singles for his fledgling Duke logo.
Hope you are all well....and OMG the rain has not stopped..! It rained all day yesterday...and it's still raining now...It feels like we are in the middle of winter still...lets hope it dries up soon....I have forgotten what the sun looks like...lol...!
1982 – 1990: This comprises most of my junior high and high school years. I was pretty fortunate medically here. As a young child, I had several bouts with bronchitis that allowed me to stay home from school. This was okay because dad (your grandpa) always brought me home comic books and magazines. Later on, the bronchitis became strep throat a couple of times. I always got through it with a course of antibiotics, so you should be fine.
And make no mistake, when Arkansas (and former Eastern Kentucky University) Athletics Director Jeff Long fired Petrino, it wasn’t because Petrino was a bad guy. Everybody who knew anything knew Petrino was a bad guy when Arkansas hired him. He proved that with a lot of his behavior at Louisville and with the way he left the Atlanta Falcons. One of the great lines of the past week was, “You can’t hire a snake and be surprised when he acts like a snake.” I wish I could remember where I read it. That’s essentially the Bobby Petrino experience. Although there are similarities (lying to your boss) this isn’t the Jim Tressel situation where people had the (ridiculous) idea that they were dealing with a coach with integrity.
Appearance (3)Pale golden. Nice thick head.
2. I do unto myself as I would have myself do unto me.
I am offering at least one scholarship of $100 per semester to at least one student studying in the a field leading to Global Truce and Cease Fire.
Every poor guy does this. A poor man’s hunger rich stomach has greater understanding.
With my one free hand,
Re: “For the very work that the Father has given me to finish, and which I am doing, testifies that the Father has sent me.” I’m unclear on whether Jesus’ “work” is his preaching, like he’s doing now, or his death/resurrection. Or both.
I'm trying to transfer some of the *feel* I have here....
(Dark blurry picture taken by aforementioned son with my phone. You get what you pay for).
My final tour breaks all the assumptions you now have of me. I hit the Candle Café on 3rd near 75th for lunch one day. Now, I’m not vegan, so I was a little hesitant to try this place, but I was really pleasantly surprised. I ended up having the Mezze Plate (the hummus was amazing), but I saw a number of things on the menu that were really appealing. It’s a casual place that does get quite crowded when the lunch hour is in full swing, but no one rushes you out. It’s a great alternative for people who have mixed dietary lifestyles. Now I just wish I could go back to try their stir-fry!
Now I've fallen in love with it all over again.
For our salvation.
Love, She Who Despises Spider Things
The bride's colors are going to be whites, creams and lots of crystal bling!
Food Stamp Use By Race* (as of the 2010 FY)
Are you the expert on bat poop?
One of our core values was joy, more fully stated as, “We celebrate the journey to new life.” I want for my clients to feel as if I’ve been waiting for them. I want to experience joy, I want THEM to experience joy, and I want us to create it together. A tangible of this is I love to laugh and make others laugh.
Anthony, 61, died of a heart attack before his planned March 2012 conservation gala dinner in Durban to raise international awareness of the rhino-poaching crisis, and to launch his new book, The Last of the Rhinos (The Powerful Story of One Man's Battle to Save a Species).
Oil/ghee – 1+1 teaspoons
No looking back as WE board the plane
Jadyn checking out her "map" as we walked around checking out all the food stands.
2.) To accept this award answer 7 random facts about yourself.
Plan didn´t change, except that I had a small detachment going for the archers. When they arrived some of them were being shot down so I got behind the main reserve unit that was already closing in on my futile slaughter attempts. Gabriel had them running but somehow split them up, which was good having a couple of uruks on their backs.
I decided since I had two copies of the magazine it would be nice to share one.
Now, to get the meaning of how this pie chart of rights works, we must understand how something goes from green to red to blue.
My spiritual teacher tells me it is all just an appearance. And I just feel well this horror at the injustice might just be an appearance, yet, it is appearing. I am not separate from the child in a burn ward screaming, screaming, screaming. I am not separate from the mother hearing the screaming and her heart smashing open. And all she can do is hum softly.
turmeric powder- 1/2 tsp
It is hump day of the week and I am looking forward to the weekend at the market,please make that plan for a outing there,it’s a fun time and free!
My annual Cookie Exchange Party is coming up, and I have been getting the house ready. It's been raining and cold in Los Angeles, and it's been pretty cozy weather for baking cookies and getting the house ready for the party.
Just back from two days in Brugge, Belgium, a very sweet medieval town that is just an hour by train from Brussels. It's the season for the Christmas market so it was quite festive with twinkling lights, stalls selling hot wine, and an ice skating rink set up in the market square. We did nothing of redeeming social importance (i.e., no churches, historical monuments, or art museums) but did manage a visit to the chocolate museum. Otherwise, we spent our time wandering the streets and canals and eating a prodigious amount of street food, the main themes being pork, potatoes, and fat. We did not eat any waffles although there were plenty to be had.
f.) A Party held in your honour @ REZ Nightclub on Sunday July 3rd. Time TBA
to the agents.
“It is very stupid of you, but you shall have your way,
As we have seen happen elsewhere in the world, not least in Britain, over the ensuing years, the Asian community in Fiji made heroic and spectacularly successful efforts in terms of increasing their numbers and producing a rapidly growing Fijian Asian population, which, according to the 2007 census now amount to almost 37% of the total Fijian population.
I could have sworn that half an hour passed before I heard from them again, but my son reassured me (while rolling his eyes at me, I’m so proud) that only 1 minute had passed. I then get an answer back from her:
Much has been written recently about the white women’s liberation movement in the United States and the question arises whether there are any parallels between this struggle and the movement on the part of black women for total emancipation. While there are certain comparisons that one can make, simply because we both live under the same exploitative system, there are certain differences, some of which are quite basic. The white women’s movement is far from being monolithic. Any white group that does not have an anti-imperialist and anti-racist ideology has absolutely nothing in common with the black women’ t struggle. Are white women asking to be equal to white men in their pernicious treatment of third world peoples? What assurances have black women that white women will be any less racist and exploitative if they had the power and were in a position to do so? These are serious questions that the white women’s liberation movement has failed to address itself to.
"Hello, it's 11 at night, can I help you?"
Last year, during our latest excursion to San Francisco’s Bohemian and strip club enclave of North Beach it seemed I was continually encountering the ghost of Treasure Island author Robert Louis Stevenson. Here’s a snippet from a July 28, 2011, blog post at Kerouac Drank Here:
I made this advent calendar with our family in mind, and considering our child's age, but of course you can personalize it to suit your family's needs. I printed the labels on the computer and taped them to the tags with Japanese tape.
out came the boobies!! (More specifically, the dreaded annual squishy test otherwise known as the mammogram!) Yes, I know it saves lives - my own mother is a 21 year survivor. :) Still, the contraption scares the heebie jeebies out of me.
Maybe his parents were home early? But they wouldn’t be. He was big enough to be left alone, they would not be home until well after midnight. Downstairs, the grandfather clock chimed twelve times.
Yobe state. Benue’s
(H/T MMDave)
So, we are beginning a new journey. Adoption is the new pregnancy in the Asbery household. Yes, you read correctly. Dave, the boys, and I are adopting a baby girl. We don't know where she will come from, or when she will come, but we are in the beginning of the process. We have an agency. We have sent off our fingerprints. We have instigated a home study. We have a name. We have a few sleepers, a package of diapers, a diaper bag, but no baby. This is one of the craziest things I have ever done.
Didn’t that occur to anyone? Or…is it that they really have no value?
I’ll try to move all my stuff to Blogger and provide you a link very soon. So any blog post you visit will have a link to my upcoming Blogspot.
No. No one is perfect, but I need all three for me to dive in again. And I’m not going to settle for less.
Format: FLAC (Tracks)
Michael said the alligator ran at him, so he started hitting it with sticks. He said at one point he jumped on the back of the beast.
I served three flavors, which I'll cover in three different blog posts. First up: Carrot Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting. I originally found the recipe on a food blog, but then I spotted the same cupcake recipe in a past issue of Cooks Illustrated. I was missing one of the spices called for in the recipe, so I substituted pumpkin pie spice -- it contained all of the spices listed in the recipe.
This is how my life has changed since March...I'm not complaining, just stating fact.
All of the drawing has been selected.
Thank you for stopping by today to see what I created. I really appreciate all the wonderful comments that you leave for me to read.
Hi everyone!!!!! Yes, it's me, it's Vivian. It's been forever hasn't it?
So there you go! An alternative to traditional stain that won't give you a fume headache.
I love narwhals and I love toasty warm mittens. These mitts are both! They are lined with another plain knitted mitten. I forgot to take a picture, but it make them amazingly warm :) For yarn and pattern details my Ravelry project page is here.
silver trapeze, and a ring juggler manipulates colored hoops and shaggy hippies
Jay Migliori - Sax
Today, I went at Gold’s Gym. My work out started with a 35 minute cardio on the crosstrainer. It was actually my second time to last that long and it was motivating to see my workout summary: Total Distance 5.39km, Calories burned 340. This maybe something small for other health buffs out there but for a struggling person like me…it is a huge achievement and a step closer in becoming more fit!
NOTE: Just a refresher.
Trine 2 is a side scrolling puzzle platformer. You play as three main characters, Amadeus the wizard, Pontius the knight and Zoya the thief. Amadeus can conjure boxes, planks and can manipulate and levitate objects. Pontius wields a sword, shield and hammer excelling in combat and destroying obstacles. Zoya is equipped with a bow and has a grappling hook she uses to swing off wooden objects. You can switch between the three freely without delay. You level up by finding experience in the level and killing enemies. You gain a skill point for the heroes each level and you can redistribute all points at any time. Certain skills, mana and equipment are removed. Treasure chests now contain artwork and poems revealing more about the sisters.
I’m going to put that video here to imply an ending to this.
1. What is going on with your hair? It's like totally Outrageous.
Another quite sad cue with some sustained strings until things take a turn and we hear a more pleasant guitar. The harmonica is an instrument that blows either hot or cold with me in film music and when it is heard here it is just in the “hot” column. Just.
Leadership: People Serving People is leading by doing, setting a positive example for the city of St. Paul and Minneapolis.
Crawl Space Dehumidifier (crawlspacedehumidifier.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
The story continues…tomorrow.
September 29, 2008- This is all purely hypothetical right? Because if truth be told, I wouldn’t know what to do with an agent right now. I am years away from even attempting a novel, let alone seeking a publisher for one, and it really hasn’t been all that difficult to find potential markets for my personal essays and creative nonfiction so far. I’ve earmarked a few likely markets, and have established a rapport directly with the editors. That being said…
I have been craving lump crabmeat since!!!
Part of the reason for the depth of the Irish parliament’s sectarianism was that in 1692 memories were still alive about the tragedies of 1641, fifty-one years earlier. In that year, many Gaelic Catholics had risen up against their Protestant neighbours and what happened next had been truly horrific. As the historian Jonathan Bardon put it, the events of 1641 were a sign of ‘what a man can do to man when all authority collapses in a climate of fear and want, when people are inflamed by rumour, religious passion and a lust for revenge.’ In the northern county of Cavan, the local Protestants were robbed and stripped naked, then ‘without consideration of their age or sex, and sent into the wild, barren mountains, in the cold air, exposed to all the severity of the winter and left to die.’ Dozens of wealthy Protestant aristocrats who were loyal to the monarchy, like Lord Caulfield, were dragged from their beds and shot; their homes and castles were then burned to the ground. Wealthy Protestant women were often tortured by having their feet dipped in burning oil until they told the rioters where they were hiding their money. In Portadown, nearly one hundred Protestant men, women and children were rounded up by the rebels, taken to a nearby bridge and then hurled ‘off the bridge, into the water and there instantly and most barbarously they were drowned. Those who survived the fall and made it back to the shore
But after a while, you get a feel for which characters are possible suspects. And generally, the less obtrusive the character, the more probable that they've done something heinous. That's why I think Trevor's comment, about anyone who says they worked out who the killer was is either a good guesser or a complete liar, is not fair - you just had to watch a few Poirot stories and put two and two together to work that out if you wanted to.
I always know what I need to know! Amen!
It's a good example of how book design can still be beautiful and interesting, even in this age of InDesign, Photoshop, image libraries and all the rest. And the publisher has even seen fit to extend the design across Atkinson's backlist, repackaging the whole line:
This document provides an overview of the efforts of the regional interagency teams working with local partners. Tremendous work and smart resource allocation are already occurring in these landscapes, whether through local land managers working collaboratively with partners or through federal efforts such as Landscape Conservation Cooperatives (LCCs) or Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Program sites. The goal in developing these strategies is not to supplant existing efforts, but to showcase and highlight successful landscape-scale conservation and demonstrate how additional or better aligned resources can achieve even greater project-level success. The regional interagency teams identified tangible outcomes that they could achieve in calendar year 2012, and steps that can be taken in 2012 to produce on-the-ground accomplishments in 2013 and beyond. They also identified programmatic funding needs and opportunities, within the bounds of budgetary discretion, to align resources in new or creative ways to maximize the value of those investments.
This is a fantastic trail to take the kids as the trail blazers are painted on the red granite and you can make a fun game out of finding and following the blazers. Along the trail there are a number of signs to describe the history and geology of the area and you will also see old moorings for when the area supported a thriving lumber industry.
Active Addiction
Now I must ask, What is your Islam?
Each week on a day designated by you, Graze will send you a box containing four punnets of tasty morsels – all reasonably healthy, in a decent portion, and all totally delicious.
“What kind of music do you like?” he asked.
Life is made up of special moments which make it worth living. Sadly, there are many cherished moments that are missed due to the stress and fast pace of daily living. In order to better cherish life’s precious moments, try these steps.
What we all agree on is that Antjie Somers is a supernatural cross-dresser who used to terrorize travelers and children alike. The old people of all races and cultures used to warn their children to be good or Antjie Somers would GET YOU!
THE OLDER WHEELS ROTATED DOWNWARD AND UPWARD (a). . . . THE MOTHER’S SPAWN FILLED THE WHOLE (Kosmos).* THERE WERE BATTLES FOUGHT BETWEEN THE CREATORS AND THE DESTROYERS, AND BATTLES FOUGHT FOR SPACE; THE SEED APPEARING AND REAPPEARING CONTINUOUSLY (b).†
Ann continued without addressing his question. “Actually, no. It’s more of a relief. I kind of always knew he was doing something behind my back, so really this just kind of confirms it. I’d rather know than live with the constant suspicion.”
The catch ups and most recently the birthday parties.
What if a shark ate the life raft?
Bridal Makeup Looks
I thanked the fish.
That was in 2000 which was when the Cake Man Raven set up shop, so to this day I am a little behind on my Cake Man knowledge. To improve that I basically try to eat as much Cake Man Raven Red Velvet cake as I can (to see if it improves my historical awareness) but the only thing getting bigger is this Brooklyn Born belly of mine.
Always emphasize that the offer is time or quantity limited. Keep reminding them of the fact and drill into them that it’s urgent for them to act right now.
Division: Duluth Regional Technology Center
Emo boy quickly made it his own and named his plane "iLRAYo"
So, lets take a real look at the June kits. How about we start with the Good Eats Recipe Mini album kit? The love the old fashioned feel of this book and the fact that it is the perfect size to have out while baking. How many times I've had out a large cookbook that just kept getting in the way! I love the fact you just flip to the page you want and start cooking one of your favorite recipes. My book is a collection of recipes from my grandmother, mom, and friends. So many yummy and treasured recipes are in this book.
Us - A husband's bedside vigil as he begs for more time with his wife. A heartbreaking look at saying goodbye that reminds you to appreciate those you have, because you never do know how long they will be around.
The only picture I really have of her is this one, at her mare inspection. She was also the Champion foal at her foal inspection, and was the highest bonited foal in the country that year. A truly remarkable waste of a wonderful, talented mare.
Ephesians 2:1-7
Dominique Dunne wrote a profile of Beistegui for Vanity Fair in 1998 entitled All That Glittered.
½ cup cashews, soaked for at least 1 hour
11 Darkness on the Edge of Town
Let's just say you happen to be leafing through a comic while you happen to be standing in one of the locations that figures heavily in the story. At the same time on the stage, a musician who appears as a character in that selfsame comic is performing the very song he is depicted as performing in the story and comes to the lyrics quoted in the text at the exact same moment that you are reading them.
The Wise County Drug Task Force and SWAT Team surrounded the residence of this suspected Drug Trafficker early in the evening of Nov 28th. As instructed the Officers knocked three times, shoved the prescribed amount of marked currency through the mail slot, and then watched as a large burly gray/red-haired fellow opened the door…… to reveal the large baggie of white powder that he was holding in his hands.
Welcome to my dining room:
08 So Much To Say, So Much To Give 1:02
To make the pops:
Writer Dan Abnett has a word or two to say also AND a competition to mark the occasion so do be sure to check out his blog here.
and the animals grew iambic pentameter tails
Beyan just starts crazy crying, asking what was wrong with her, thinking about her messed up parents, then swearing like crazy. Fuck. I hated watching it. Not just because she felt bad, but because I knew Ben was watching it. The only thing that cheered me up was Swimsuit Issues making the “oopsies” face when Beyan got cut. It’s in someone’s worst moment that Courtney shines. KILL SHOT.
Champagne is best served as cold as you can get it without putting it in the freezer, although that can be strictly a matter of individual taste. The coldness helps maintain the bubbles after opening.
I would much rather hear him say, "I did not feel well," or "I was having a bad day," or "I just did not perform that day."
Pour the custard mixture over the vegetables in the pie dish. Oh, and the quiche is much easier to get in and out of the oven if it's on a baking dish, so I put it on there before pouring in the liquidy custard mixture.
We now find Jonah and Stiletta walking across the Washington state desert. Stiletta mentions that Falcon told her about a cave that had clean water in it about twelve miles from where they are. They slowly head for the cave when Stiletta says that there is something that she should tell Hex. She explains that Reinhold Borsten is her father.
And free baby magazines. And free baby coupons.
Rolf Norfolk
Don’t take my word for it.
sabin started riding lessons about two months ago. we go every saturday to a big riding school near where we live. sabin started out with the very beginners and has already "graduated" to the next level. she's absolutely loving it. this makes her mom, who grew up with horses, very happy. and grandma in south dakota is ecstatic! grandpa in south dakota is warning against small girls who will soon want a horse of their own. he says it's a slippery slope. he's probably right.
For convenience and ease I have used ready made puff pastry. But if you prefer the painstaking process of making your own, I applaud you!
After pausing to straighten the collar of his deep green jacket, Lucian walked on. Despite his rage, he needed to remain presentable for the upcoming conference – as presentable as he was for every event he attended. He tried slicking back that unruly strand of hair that hung over his right eye, but it remained untamable as ever, doing nothing to help his mood. Frowning, the general stepped onto the main staircase and murmured, “Tenth floor.”
are out, but do not leave.
Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have been flying over Iraq and Afghanistan for some time now. This is to be expected in a war zone. But now, the Bush administration wants to use them for domestic surveillance (of course). Israel does this; but Israel also has a draft, a state-sponsored religion, and no Bill Of Rights. We should not look to Israel as an example to follow.
After many long discussions at night in their crowded bed, the two boys finally worked out a pact. They would toss a coin. The loser would go down into the nearby mines and, with his earnings, support his brother while he attended the academy. Then, when that brother who won the toss completed his studies, in four years, he would support the other brother at the academy, either with sales of his artwork or, if necessary, also by laboring in the mines.
Also there are watercolor pencils out there. We have those too, but the cheap kind that I can afford seem to break off so easily. I've researched these a bit, and it seems even some of the expensive types break off easily. Just be ready to do lot's of sharpening. It is not so easy to mix colors, but the larger sets give you lot's of color variety.
If I did not fully experience each moment as it comes I would not have been able to see all that I do have in the middle of such a devastating loss, and this practice of living in the moment becomes ever more precious and important to me.
Russell Hoban's seminal masterpiece Riddley Walker was published 30 years ago this year. To celebrate this, SA4QE invites fans of the novel to participate in a special SA4QE on 5 November, by leaving your favourite quote(s) from the book in a public place, and/or sharing it online such as by posting it as your Facebook status update for the day, or tweeting or blogging it.
First things first, I have to start this blog by saying it’s good to hear that DT Mike Patterson is going to be okay. I was in attendance and it was a scary site. After the team was done practicing FG’s and Extra Points, the offensive and defensive lineman were in the process of walking from that field to a different field when Patterson dropped and started having a seizure. The lineman huddled around with their arms locked together, and Trent Cole was visibly upset, as well as some other lineman. Danny Watkins looked to be a big help from where I was, running around getting involved any way he could; remember, he was a firefighter before getting into football and knows how to handle a situation like this.
That the man who could not stop laughing into his cell phone
The Guards removed the camp for the most pitiful reason: they didn’t want it to spoil the St Patrick’s Day parade. This eleventh-rate former-colonial basket case of a bourgeois state! They’ll stamp out protest if there’s a risk the tourists and the (now semi-mythical) investors may see it. I remember seeing a poor bored Guard walking doggedly from lamp-post to signpost to lamp-post last April before the Queen of England’s visit, studiously tearing off all the anarchist stickers with his hands.
Today I am going to review my new favourite eyeliner. I have been wearing this everyday to school the past two weeks! That's how much I like it..ngeee...
Maybe in wrestling within yourself – about your desires, ambitions and feelings – you haven’t yet resorted to killing a man. But what about your own soul? James says, “But each person is tempted when he is lured and enticed by his own desire. Then desire when it has conceived gives birth to sin, and sin when it is fully grown brings forth death.”
Tonight, I achieved my desired pizza on the grill. crunchy edges, good crust, and browned cheese bubbles. All on the GRILL! But what I am certain made all the difference is my new, handcrafted pizza peel.My friend Rich is a bit of a curmudgeon on a good day (really- while we were having dinner he said “I like individuals, I don’t like people”). He is truly a sweet man underneath that surly exterior (I may get in trouble for admitting that), so sweet that he MADE me this beautiful peel! It is a blend of cherry and basswood and on the underside, has an insignia that he made it. I can’t be more pleased with this beautiful gift!
The day came and he seemed fine, a little nervous but I sat with him and watched some science programmes on tv (his fav) so that seemed to distract him. He had to go on a bus to college as it is a couple of villages away, I was fighting back the tears as it drove past (we looked out at it from our house as of course it is rather uncool for Mum & Dad to take you to the bus stop :-)) . It looked like he went to wave and then decided that was not cool and put his hand through his hair instead lol (he insists he did wave and this wasn't the case :-)).
All for to catch the silv'ry fish
2. Add the stock and the corn to the pot, bring to the boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes till tender if you’re using fresh corn, or for about 5 minutes if you’re using frozen corn.
"You must be really glad you did White Strips, with all these people taking pictures of you."
It’s interesting how Bu Yong loves the prince – who’s supposed to be her husband if the accident didn’t happen – and even though he fancies talking to her he doesn’t even know how she looks like. The prince wants a beautiful princess but what if aside from looks he also wants someone witty to talk to. It gives us a better standing in comparing the two sisters.
I need to remind myself of this often.
I have, slowly, learned how to make a video on Windows Movie Maker.
We have also been through AISD's special education referral process. In February, we went to see the district's audiologist who gave Alex and Elle a good score on their hearing report. Good thing those long-term tubes are working. Elle was referred for speech as well, but didn't qualify since she was labeled "average." Never thought I'd be so happy to have an "average" kid! We went to have a formal evaluation at a place called Kooken which is AISD's early childhood special education center. Elle was great, and was dismissed from their services. Alex was consistent with his testing through my ECI therapy and qualified. I am very excited about this (not the fact that I have a kid who qualifies for these services, but estatic that I have the chance to help my kid who needs these services). He will now have a daily PPCD (Preschool Programs for Children with Disabilities) program from 8:05 to 11:05. He will then be bussed to CLC (Alex and Elle's church preschool). During his daily class he will receive speech. The lady will work with Alex two days a week. Next year, he will be evaluated for OT (Occupation Therapy), PT (Physcial Therapy) and MT (Music Therapy). Made that last one up...not sure if it is MT or just music therapy. Here is the cool part. He gets to start next week. Since the twins are turing 3 on Saturday, he will have the opprotunity to start right after his 3rd birthday. So we get to begin all these wonderful services right away. Yeah!
Gulab jamun is a dessert often eaten at festivals or major celebrations such as marriages, Diwali (the Indian festival of light) and the Muslim celebrations of Eid ul-Fitr and Eid al-Adha. There are various types of Gulab jamun and every variety has a distinct taste and appearance.
Yeah, I've got tension on the brain.
June 26th - Baby Party Started
I never said that I was fine.
Then comes the Obliviously Evil. This character is interesting in that according to THEIR moral compass, they are in the right. Most people have a good grasp of what is good and what is evil, though there is a large gray area in between. The Obliviously Evil skew those beliefs and what the majority population believes as good and evil may not necessarily be so in their minds. They plan, they act, they formulate ideas - all based on their own moral code that, in their mind, is the right thing to do based on what they mean to accomplish.
Happy Friday All!! The weekend is upon us!! Wags n Whiskers is having a new digi release beginning today and they are kicking off the weekend with a blog hop!! If you came here from Darlene's blog you are in the right place. If you happened upon this hop, by chance, you can click here to begin the hop at Jeanette's blog.
sugar blend
However, before the meeting she circulated a letter to the press, announcing she was quitting the BNP – even though she stood by its core principles.
Such an irreal scene demonstrates that the women of the Buendía family are more in touch with reality, undyingly supporting the men as they pursue their harebrained schemes. The stoicism of women in the face of male inertia is summed up by Pilar Ternera’s thoughts: “She had become tired of waiting for the man who would stay, of the men who left, of the countless men who missed the road to her house …”
When the “Day of Jacob’s Trouble” (Jeremiah 3:7) called the “Great Tribulation” (Matthew 24:21) takes place, the Christians of this Dispensation (which began when Paul began preaching to the Gentiles) will NOT be involved in any way.
My Mom is moving back to the Big Horn Basin to be closer to family while my dad is gone.
Walls we couldn't move came crashing down
“Execute against Japan”: The U.S. Decision to Conduct Unrestricted Submarine Warfare, by Joel Ira Holwitt
Part of the reason is that we are finally getting closer and closer to the time that we can start trying again. I only have a few more weeks to wait and I am thrilled and terrified at the idea of trying again. I am thrilled because I want nothing more than a baby in my arms, a sibling for the one we lost, and to see my husband talking to my belly, to his baby, once again. I am terrified because I don’t know how I will handle another loss. Before my loss I didn’t even anticipate what it would really be like to lose a baby. I knew, intellectually, that it was possible, but I didn’t think it would happen to me. I didn’t know the pain would be so overwhelming, that I would feel so much love for my baby so early on and feel the loss so intensely.
yellow tape and construction signs, and felt a pang of
Hi my lovely Friends!
Findings of fact v setting of legal principle
The Man Who Loved Beer – Lampchop
I know if my family hears this they are gonna kill me.
As we always get with Tarantino flicks, there are plenty of homages and influences seen here and they all work perfectly. The whole film is basically one big kung-fu movie that reminded me of the days when I would just sit home and watch all of these Bruce Lee flicks where he would be either taking on 50 dudes at once (no homo), or he would be getting kicked in the chest by one of Lew Alcindor’s big feet. I can definitely tell that Tarantino did the same thing when he was a little kiddy and his inspiration just runs throughout this whole flick with a giddy and original feel to it. However, it’s not just kung-fu movies that this flick seems to be harking back to, you get a bunch of blaxploitation homages, spaghetti western moments where the score is just over-powering, a random ass anime scene that may seem weird but is just as brutal as the rest of the flick, and even a little bit of nods to his own previous work such as Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction. I don’t know how he does it but Tarantino is the master at taking everything he knows and loves about movies, and putting them all into one crazy and madly original flick.
I love breakfasts above all other meals, so Mike took me out for a brunch (and as the baby has too early a bedtime for any romantic dinners out.)
The jury of the 5th International Fine Arts Prize, presided by Felipa Jove Santos, consists of renown figures from the art world, such as Rafael Doctor Roncero, historian and art critic; Antón Lamazares, artist; Iñaki Martínez Antelo, Director of the Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Vigo (MARCO); and Vicente Blanco, winner of the previous iteration. Marta García-Fajardo, Director of the María José Jove Art Collection, rounds off the panel of judges.
I chose to elaborate on this one story because this is a clear example where God rescued me from myself, in a way that I would not recognize until much later.
He said the matter would be decided after Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak and Deputy Prime Minister Muhyiddin Yassin visit Johor, Negeri Sembilan, Melaka, Sabah and Sarawak.
One wonders if it was normal procedure to put a centurion in charge of mere prisoners. I say, “mere” for most, if not all of them were murderers, arch enemies of Roman society. They were going to Rome, not for trial, but to be used in the arenas, to fight the lions, to be sport for the Roman citizenry. No one would really care if they made it there or not. It would be no great loss if they fell overboard or were lost at sea.
Since he's learned to grasp he accidentally pulls his own hair. He likes to take big handfuls of it. I'm so worried he's going to make himself bald.
The fine-tuning of the universe is therefore plausibly due neither to physical necessity nor to chance. It follows that the fine-tuning is therefore due to design unless the design hypothesis can be shown to be even more implausible than its competitors.
These books will be either ordered or pre-ordered from Fishpondworld.com which ships ANYWHERE in the world for free.
It is impossible not to admit that there is much morality in this people. (This at first glance seems hard to reconcile with what precedes) but I explain. Morals there are extremely pure. A woman who does not conduct herself well is cited as an extreme rarity. To tell the truth, you meet only happy households. People get together often in winter; but everything in the last analysis comes down to family life. Unmarried men pay attention only to girls; these once married think only of their husbands. So long as they are not engaged, they exercise an extreme freedom in their relations. One sees them out walking alone, for example. A young man accosts them, goes to the country with them, and this is considered quite natural. They receive at home without their parents finding fault. But this life of freedom ends for them the day they get married. In short, the happiness which seems to reign in their families has something tempting in it. Doubtless I should never want to marry in a foreign country, because such a union entails a host of unpleasant consequences. But Tocqueville and I, glimpsing the happiness so common here and so rare in other countries, were unable to keep from saying that, if we should ever be victimized by political circumstances in France, we would come to live here with our wives and children.
Press the slices of the tofu or tempeh into the spice blend and cover both sides with it.
The God who formed me, my body, the mind that I am aware of, and the soul that I am often not, ever so slowly pulls me closer to Himself. He gently pries my soul open, places an irritant there, and closes it back up. It isn’t cruel; it’s actually the most loving thing in the world He could do. There is nothing this oyster needs more than God, and each moment of crisis, when my world is invaded by some foreign thing, pulls me closer to Him. Even though it can be painful, my life is being transformed into a strand of pearls, one moment at a time, that loops around my Creator. And if I can’t see their beauty yet, they’re beautiful to anyone else who can see the working hand of God in my life.
The nurse suggested putting ice packs on the injection sites and giving Sweet Pea Motrin to help with the pain. Sweet Pea has turned down Motrin so far but I am really going to try to get some into her before taking her to school. But the nurse said that tomorrow is when she's really going to feel the pain from this experience. That's why I'm really glad we're not doing anything or going anywhere tomorrow.
On that voyage to Rome, the wind was contrary. Satan the adversary was driving them off course. God was allowing it and the apostle never questioned it. He did not say, “Why me,” for he knew. Even in times of deep distress Jesus Christ was there all the time.
I understand that the following proposal has been prepared for private consideration today, and possible public airing tomorrow:
Their private exploring party came to a sudden halt. She felt the frustration and disappointment in her mother’s shoulders as they sagged slightly, then turned themselves back towards the road in silence. Every row they put behind them brought the road into clearer view: The black of the pavement, the green and red and gray of the cars spotted through the thinning rows. Also the sounds of hectic, busy lives rushing–rushing to the school, to the store, to the daycare, to the doctor, and back home. Rushing past the rustling crop of corn.
Eddie: ...I want to go home.
Before we get into the nut of today’s post, let’s look at what a resume looked like in the fall of 1970:
Whenever I read a review of my books (and believe me, I do read them!) I am struck by how differently two people can read a book. One reviewer will find a book thrilling and action-packed, while another will find it plodding or slow. While this reflects different reviewers' individual taste, I think it also reflects what they're looking for in a book.
Of course, the designers themselves are spotted front row and backstage at the various shows:
and into the black…
An interesting note about durien is that as it ripens, the alcohol content rises in the fruit. If you eat enough of it, you will get a hangover. In some places, it is unseemly for unmarried couples to be seen eating it together. It really is a unique phenomenon, and one that every Westerner visiting Southeast Asia should try. Just hold your nose and be brave.
This will include:
"The city of Sialkot in Pakistan produces as many as 60 million hand-stitched footballs in a World Cup year. The firms here are running out of new workers since child labor was abolished. Western buyers may have a clear conscience, but the children of Sialkot now toil in the local brickworks instead."
I tried something new...
I took a trip to Staveley Beer Hall yesterday courtesy of a cheap advance ticket from Virgin Trains. Inevitably, Virgin ensured that we missed our connection at Oxenholme so we decided that the extra expense of a taxi was a better option than losing two hours drinking time. The compensation form is on its way.
Prod from director.
Instead, it is clear that that not only is the Obama White House more of the same, but it has gotten even worse, and it is clear to everyone that the way to get policies enacted in our nation through an increasingly autocratic White House is to give President Obama his money, to pay up the bribe to get your policies enacted, and to engage systematically in the sort of corruption that- while quite common in the Chicago machine that Obama comes from- should not be tolerated at the national level.
Of course, with self-destruction comes a craven appetite. I need more readers, more Likes on Facebook, Art patrons who purchase my prints at Deviantart and Cafepress. Above all, I need millions of people who buy my books. When that happens, I will continue to write and my stories will get better. My mythology of monsters will become roots of popular culture.
All of this prompts me to provide a little more clarity about what this site is about, given another regret I now have: the title of the blog and my blogging identity. I am not German. I am not German-speaking. I have visited Germany, but that’s it. I am not an anti-German. I don’t really know any anti-Germans. I’ve not read more than a few articles in Bahamas.
Use single line spacing. Block the first paragraph to the left and indent all subsequent paragraphs. Write only in the present tense, using the third person. Each time you introduce a new character, put their name in capitals, but revert to lower case thereafter.
“Rotate this, here, can you feel that? Ummm, like that,” he’d say, as his fingers pressed into her even more deeply, twisting her further and further into the pose. “Beautiful.” His hair brushed across her open palm, as her hand floated further skyward. “Beautiful,” he’d say as her face flushed with the heat of his nearness; and a tiny quiver rippled from deep inside, her lips already parting for his fingers, so close, so close. His hands liked to linger over her in odd ways. “Don’t forget to breathe,” he’d say sometimes, as his fingers moved over her with the softness of dove’s wings.
Anything I ever did, however, like play the flute in orchestra, join the drama club and act in school plays, sing in the church choir – my parents were just too tired to get involved in going to see. Getting my parents to actually attend something I was doing was like pulling teeth. They just seemed to be kind of at the end of their parental journey, even though I was just beginning my journey, they didn’t have the interest or energy to invest. I thought it was me for years (about 55 actually). While I grew up I was though of as my mothers invisible daughter. My brothers told me regularly they didn’t want a sister, they wanted a dog.
on the building inside and out and use it.
A story in the chapter called "The Treasure of Your Heart" really got me thinking about my own self. She said we have the potential to affect others around us and leave an imprint on their life. She asked if we smile often enough...then she shared a letter from a reader who was afraid to smile. She had lost her two front teeth and didn't have the money to fix them. Darlene's response to her was amazing. I will let you read it for yourself. We all struggle with flaws at times. But, after reading Darlene's response and examples and being brought to tears...I aim to smile more! Amen!
She walked in the canteen, the first face she saw… James; looking depressed at the notion of being stuck in yet another dead end job. She smiled and walked over to him. Sitting down opposite, James moved his eyes from the table to whoever it was that just sat down opposite. He had never been so surprised in all his life. There she was; after over a decade of being apart.
Nielsen BookScan - words that can bring dread to the heart of an author. Or glee. BookScan is a data provider for the publishing industry. It collects sales figures for books from point-of-sale - so the number of books which are actually bought by people, rather than the number shipped to bookshops. It works across the industry, with sales figures from 31,500 bookshops tracked. Although some sales are not included (discount book clubs and supermarkets are key omissions), it has the best data available. Before BookScan, each publisher knew only its own sales. Bestseller lists and charts were compiled by sampling booksellers. Now the data are accurate and nearly universal. Publishers can see not only their own sales but their rivals' sales. It's all open. Unless you're an author...
My form of public transport this week was the plane. This wasn't the one, as I departed just after dark but it was the same size. It might not be very big but it covered the 350 kms (217 miles) from Auckland to New Plymouth in 25 minutes and that's better than a 4 - 5 hour drive.
a reminder of these things?
The following are excerpts from interviews with Islamic scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Al-Jazeera TV (Qatar) on January 1 and 3, 2010.
In fact, a lovely reader who calls herself BrooklynKate commented to my post asking if I'd seen these DIY ones. Oh, Kate, my sweet, I have. Many many times as you can see in the last couple weeks. It seems the universe is trying to tell me something, no? I've resisted this long getting foo dogs, mind you, but this may be a call I can not resist answering.
The story deals with the mafia war between Corleone family and other mafia families who want to enter into drug business. The head of Corleone family is Don Vito Corleone and is “The Godfather”. This character is shown as extremely ruthless but at the same time very loyal to his friends. This was the depiction of good mafia don versus bad mafia don. I guess that is what made this crime thriller different from what we had till that time. The ascension of Don’s son Michael to the head of family when his father is shot is another masterpiece in the story. Michael gets involved in the family business unwillingly but then he takes up complete control and is shown to be really cold-blooded and ruthless. The stark contrast between Michael and his elder brother Santino was another highlight of the movie and it helps to put Michael’s cold aggression in right perspective.
Rick has been a dear to help me. Corey has helped immensely by painting it. We have to carry stuff up the stairs, carry other stuff down stairs....and we haven't even started on the stuff that needs to come up from the basement - fabric, patterns,
When I abruptly lost that job, I felt like someone stripped my identity from me. I experienced a huge void that I never fully restored. Many of the parents I had been helping called numbers in the phone book with the same last name as mine, trying to find me, until we were able to reconnect and they asked me to continue to help them. As recently as last year a mother called me and told me I’d helped her son years ago and she needed my help again.
I was just reflecting on how in the past, any behavior that was considered not socially acceptable was labeled a mental illness. Of note: Back in the days of United States slavery, drapetomania, characterized by a slave’s desire to escape his/her master (and considered treatable by beating); Soviet Russia had sluggish schizophrenia, characterized by political dissent; Until relatively recently, homosexuality was considered a mental illness. Facts like these give the anti-psychiatry movement ammunition. I mean, it was enough to make me wonder: where do we draw the line between socially unacceptable behavior and mental illness?
To enter the quest for this coveted prize, please read on:
I was able to wash my hair this morning, and what a difference. Too bad I didn't get a picture of the after! Other than being on the flat side (I can't experiment too much until 3-4 days have passed and everything has set), my hair was silky smooth, shiny, and straight. It took me about 10 minutes to blow dry, and I was done...no flat iron. This thing is amazing. Billy said the time it cut down was worth it alone.
Jordan and Rhoda Baruch
Lower left: cantaloupe & grapes; kale & veggie sausage; carrot; pickle; brownie; mini muffin.
The one I had didn't get along with me. I tried baking cookies with that a couple of times and they always turned out burnt at the bottom. So I wanted a new one which I believed would yield better results. And boy was I right!
Meanwhile, I can't resist this question, even though it's brand new and there are older questions to answer.
Seated there, her foot up, she picked up her phone.
There was a good article in this weekend’s Parade magazine. They interviewed 3 well known chefs and asked them how they manage to keep themselves slim even though they are constantly around delicious foods.
With that said, the following is our e-Christmas card, for which I refused to pose, by always walking toward the camera. Maybe I’ll change my mind when I am amidst all the wrapping paper that once covered the gifts.
both good friends living in different places.
Watch and love and live
to have way more of my images for you to play with..
“There is a big demand for baby monkeys as pets. But for traffickers to catch a baby monkey, they will have to kill on average five adult monkeys – the mother, who usually carries the baby when it is young, and then the adult males who will retaliate if they see the mother under threat.
I wonder why people always touch or grab a part of their body that’s in pain. It’s like an automatic impluse. We can’t help it, if we have a nasty headache we have to grab our head, if we stub our toe we have to grab our foot. Do our hands have some kind of healing property? Or are we just making sure that our body part is still there, despite the searing or throbbing pain?
Some of WHBIPA I've sampled has been simply out of this world. The State Bar, for example, presented a stunning and well looked after, fantastic example of this beer. It was full of intense hop nose and creamy roast malt served at a temperature that allowed each of the flavours in the beer to be savoured and enjoyed in a beautifully balanced pint.
So, before coming to the punchline at the end of this video, I was already thinking to myself, “Well, I think I’m talking about a slightly different kind of forgiveness here, but this is really good advice for someone looking to correct their own errors of body and soul.” And so it occurred to me as I reflected even briefly upon the harm I have done people in my life, and what I needed to put myself through in order to make sure I committed myself fully to never acting in such a way again, that the advice Laura gives on forgiveness, while not necessarily in alignment with my views on forgiving others, is perfectly in alignment with my views on what a person needs to go through to forgive themself.
off i go to the world!
And then 6 months ago, he crossed my path. Like a ton of bricks, I was helpless and my attempts to resist were futile. My eyes finally opened to possibility. It was the reconnection of an old friendship gone intense. When I saw my future, I saw security, peace, and the love that had always been what I envisioned. I know it happened in the wrong order, but it happened. This person brought something exceptionally special into my life.
In my closet I have some amazing items I have bought throughout the years at the Magic Jacket, dreamy linen pieces from Heart's Desire, and a few other fashion treasures.
To prep, I preheated my oven to 250 degrees and sprayed some non-stick spray into six foil cupcake liners. I combined egg whites and sugar in my metal Kitchen Aid mixing bowl and set it over a saucepan of simmering water, whisking it until the mixture was warm and the sugar had dissolved. I put the mixing bowl on the mixer stand, and used the whip attachment to beat the egg whites and sugar until they formed soft peaks.
American Airlines said its surcharge had “no specific purpose.” But it could help offset an expected shortfall of nearly 570,000 permits costing about €4.5 million.
The scientists definition of heavy drinking is worth considering. ' The students were normal healthy teenagers who drank socially and might have four or five drinks at a weekend party and then not drink again for some weeks.' So that includes you and me.
The Sony Cyber-Shot DSC-TX10 16.2 MP Waterproof Digital Still camera isn’t really durable but it is still attractive. It will take impressive photos and videos, which is in all probability what you would like, but if you are a rugged outdoor person, you might want one that’s more tough.
In the morning I noticed Bucephalas still had every single long black hair of his mane, so I knew this must be true. Some of us are just born more beautiful than others… only don’t tell Bucephalas I said that, will you? I do so hate violence.
It’s as if Jesus said to her heart, “I know you were part of this ruse but you have now seem me for Who I AM, the Light. Your eyes are opened. You are free.”
11/24/2007 9.73
I pulled a placemat, some silverware, and a napkin from various drawers.
Maternity Clothes: Sometimes... they are more comfortable
Many people don’t like to think about issues, be alone and face their demons…it is not easy to talk to people either…(I know that, believe it or not…you can talk and say nothing…).
Mint Julep
There’s this one time where you have to loosen the straps on a Minotaur head hanging over your victim’s favourite chair, while he’s sitting in it. Another time is where you have to kill everyone in the sanctuary you’ve gotten so many quests in, and I discovered the fantastic way of killing with poisoned apples. Yet another time you get to kill a retired imperial officer, who’s taking a swim, with a special arrow and later put his severed finger+ring into his successor’s desk.
In Grails , there are 2 ways of doing it
Take a look at how big companies operate and know which ones are the best fit for you and your company. If you know someone on the inside, have them put in a good word for you and persist. Gaining bigger clients is all about persistence. “No” doesn’t mean “No”- it just means, “Not now.” It’s your job to persist and ask, “If not now, then when.”
Our table mates were all Americans, this wasn't their first time as it was ours and they were a blast to be with. The steins of beer kept coming and the band kept playing and all of a sudden we realized we had committed the biggest sin at Oktoberfest, we hadn't ordered or eaten our 1/2 chickens! Our lunch was long gone and as day turned to night there would be no opportunity to eat with every person now on their benches and tables. Duh! Rookie mistake.
3 cloves minced garlic
My husband and I commenced our married lives here in Buffalo. It was also the first time in 25 years that I was away from my family. It was a blissful 18 months; and an experience I will never forget. It is here that I discovered I could be more than a graphic designer. I am grateful to this great city for its warmth and love.
Too much and I don't buy -- but also, if too little, just pennies, I am suspicious too. Why so cheap? What's wrong here?
Fate is a funny thing, I thought I was doing the right thing by changing my career choice but somehow fate directed me back to the path I wanted to be on all along.
"Kowabunga!!!"
Blue Eyes – The International Submarine Band
Not sure Garfield is best qualified to handle such a task. Sure, he’s got experience and familiarity with the ad game. But Garfield has occasionally demonstrated oversensitivity. He saw racist undertones when American Idol judge Randy Jackson hawked Oreos. And Garfield cried homophobia over a series of Omnicom commercials including Mr. T shooting Snickers at a speed walker.
Cooler than the flip side
So after some liquid courage in the form of several 4 oz. pours of pretty strong beer, I asked him flat out what the deal was. In the middle of Nassau Coliseum. I was being a bitch. I couldn’t help it. I was fuming. He was an hour late. Part of me wished that I had not bought the tickets beforehand and I probably would have just told him to take me out to dinner. But $100 is a lot to just throw away.
My parents, Jude’s great grandparents, feed off of my Jude stories. They just adore him and are not able to see him as often as I do, so the stories keep them going. Naturally I take lots of pictures, and thanks to email and iPhones, my daughter shares many of his special moments with me on almost a daily basis. I share the pictures and relay the milestones and funny moments to them. Once in a while we do FaceTime where they can see him in real time. We all get a charge out of that.
Suicide is a huge problem in this country. I've experienced in my immediate family. Twice. I consider it a call to arms - for those of us who battle for the souls of those who are confused, ill, heart broken, crazed and/or depressed and need help. Make no mistake - it is a matter of life or death. I'd suggest we strategize.
Pop star Pink has also spoken openly about her experimentation.
again this year.
white pearl card
Art requires that he who practises it should be immolated to art, should become other, not another, not transformed from the human being he was into the artist with artistic duties, satisfactions and interests, but into nobody, the empty animated space where art’s summons is heard. What must a writer do in order to inhabit this space? If we search these letters in the hope of finding Beckett’s secret, we betray our admiration and need. The question assumes the mastery it must divest to discern an answer. One of the final letters in this volume is to a young writer seeking guidance and consolation from a writer he revered: “Don't lose heart” he tells Robert Pinget, “plug yourself into despair and sing it for us.”
To get excused (read FMLA for known issues) time figured out so that I am NOT on a warning the very first time EVER in any working situation. (My time figuring says I have a bit of wiggle room – Managers, didn’t).
I also have a fantasy of being in a mmf threesome. One where the woman is still in control. I am not sure if I would do anything bisexual but I sometimes wonder if I was sitting in front of a cock, would I actually suck it.
His cockroach whiskers leer
or been able to find it, yet,
Painting: Vincent van Gogh's "Willows"
We were out so long, I tube fed him in the car 3 times.
Some of our kleshas can be quite clever and convince us that we are justified and even egg us on to find those descriptive words — the one’s I used in my last blog were… well, there you see? I’m being tested again to go to those words, reproduce them and once again the klesha pattern gets triggered and those old resentments and aversions become alive. When that happens, I’ve taken many steps backwards or the Buddhist would say it is loosing merit.
Suddenly Menma turns upset.
Such claims of copyright infringement against big-banner Bollywood movies have become routine these days and the only possible difference in this case is the fact that this time Bollywood has been sued by an outsider. (Yes! Tamil movies are not a part of Bollywood!) The story lines of “Naan Avan Illai” & ‘Ladies v. Ricky Bahl’ can be read over here and here on Wikipedia and though both movies revolve around ‘conmen’ who seduce and then dupe unsuspecting women, the story lines of both movies appear to be quite different. The Tamil movie appears to be more of a court-room drama, while the promotional video of the Bollywood movie does not seem to indicate any court room drama. At least, that’s the impression that one gets from the promos and Wikipedia entries. I’ll admit to the fact that I’m yet to see either one of these movies.
If you're having problems right now with bills, homework, or anything else to do with writing, please take some heart in knowing that there's fuckin' millions like you!
In a survey of offenders, 41 per cent reported witnessing violence in their home as a child and 29 per cent – or almost a third – reported emotional, sexual or physical abuse as a child.
Hollyoaks: Ashley Taylor Dawson and Jessica Fox (Darren and Nancy Osborne)
Salt- a pinch
So how can we have a proper discussion about how white people are the ones destroying ourselves, and the memes driving it? Well, clearly we'll have to send anyone in Nazi uniform or anyone obsessing about goblins out of the room. Even someone obsessing about Muslims or Hispanics will be useless and disruptive in this discussion. Quite as those obsessing about the Jews. But the last one is worse since it will take the whole room into red alert mode (as described above).
The script of the "Story and Song from the Haunted Mansion" album is also suggestive in this regard. Karen says, "It's a coffin, and something's trying to get out!" Shortly thereafter, the narrator says, "From each door they passed, natural and unnatural sounds came from within. Each sounded as if it were trying to get out into the hall." Again, it's not hard to connect the dots.
Until now, I never truly understood the far-reaching implications of my company’s expansion. Bear with me while I try to explain it.
Went to visit Helen Pearce in the morning. We had a look at her lovely townhouse then she took us to her daughter Merry’s house. They have 2 children so the kids had a good time while we had a good chat. Merry is lovely and it was a very relaxing visit. We left later than we expected and went to a great park in Burnside for lunch and a play before doing a cook’s tour of Dad’s places in Adelaide. We couldn’t go past PAC as the roads were closed for WOMADelaide but we went past his house, which was a nicer house and closer to the ABC building than I’d remembered. Auntie Bar’s original house at no. 17 was also a lovely old Adeliade-style house but no 1. looked dated and very run down but still with the same low mesh fence. We went past The Wilderness, which was very close by and then drove around the parklands (lovely and all labelled with Aboriginal names) past the river and the Adelaide Oval. The next morning we went back past the uni and saw the Chemistry building.
We are like the wave travelling across the ocean. Even though the atoms that make up the wave change from moment to moment, the energy has a momentum that keeps it moving in a direction until eventually it runs out of steam, or hits something and is dispersed. But while it is moving, it creates the illusion of being an object.
Barn Red, Desert Sand & Black ink
I'd been wound up for a few days over meeting people whose blogs and research
You are the one that needs to believe in yourself, then you can conquer anything!
Again at 8:00 I called, things seemed to be picking up so she said to call again at 9 and let her know.
I have been looking forward to my business trip this week for many reasons but my NUMBER ONE reason was my chance to FINALLY see the cherry blossoms in DC... IN FULL BLOOM. But thanks to Mother Nature, her wacky humor and 80 degree days in early March they bloomed and peaked last week. Then due to freezing temperatures and wind this week they were mostly gone by the time I arrived.
P.S. Have you met Henri, the existentialist cat?
Faith is found in flourishing and flight.
Here are some pictures of the hilarity that ensued -
I knew love, long before I knew you,
I really love my birds. I see them almost every day and can completely discern them from each other. They have their own "pigeonalities," you could say. It's not supposed to be that way, but it is what it is.
I must confess I've never been a Stevie Wonder fan. I always like his songs when they start but, after about a minute, I'm always starting to lose the will to live.
world evangelization. Learn to join forces with others to make greater impact
And it is my first gig as a Design Team member at CAS-ual friday as well. I am excited :)
And, as it happens, in the roller skating rink, too. That’s where, at Doug’s birthday party later in 2010, I heard a song that I identified with my song-identifying phone app as “21 Guns” by Green Day. I added it to my iPod, and now, two years later, “21 Guns” has become just one more piece of music that I listen to to the exclusion of new stuff.
Because Defy is the first book in the Firstborn trilogy, it begins the stories of the children of the daughters of Saraqael. Many of the characters from the Daughters of Saraqael trilogy make an appearance in this new trilogy, though the stories center on entirely new characters. The idea behind Defy really started when a few readers said that they’d like to see a male protagonist who was entirely different from the male leads in Becoming, Central and Foretold. Zachariah is that character. Everything sort of built from there.
This past Sunday was our first "quiet Sunday afternoon at home after church" to spend together in 2 months so we wanted to do something together outside. The only problem was that I have cross-country skis and David doesn't...the snow shoes decided they wanted to retire after 40 some years of being on this earth... yet the snow was 3 feet deep. We walked in our snow boots down our road to a trail but discovered there was 3-4 feet of snow instead of a trail. As we walked back into our driveway somewhat disheartened at our lack of options, we both had the same idea. "How long has it been since you made a snow fort?!"
More you. I love reader spaces. I find so much inspiration from you. I love that you take ideas you see here and run with them. I love that you share your ideas with me and the readers. I love it all. And I love to do link parties to see what all you are up too and to be in awe of all of your ideas and talent. I would love to begin to have more formal link parties. Maybe one for re-purposing an item in your home to organize? Like a monthly challenge?
Mostly, enjoy it. It’s so easy to get hung up on the whole business side of writing. If you enjoy writing, your reader will know because it will be seamless.
So. Montreal.
I think Dad did a couple more after that too. And then felt so bad for the salesman that we ended up buying a set. Butterfly gold pattern... We had that set a super long time and only broke one or two in actual use.
These are your bright ideas? Wonder Woman via Zeus (ZEUS) OF ALL DAMN Grecian Deities - I can smell the built in fail in any future intimate relationships Diana could attempt with male characters from here) and Supergirl via the lens of how she's not Superman? How different she is?
Personal Injury is Romantic adventure, Chick-lit. It is complete at 90,000 words.
JJ: Here’s a perfect example of how it happens in dialogue, because Joel Lovell and I have been going back and forth, the last couple of weeks; “what’s gonna be the next thing?” I’m supposed to go to Rio to write about the slums that are in the hills around that city. There’s a Cuba story…But then there’s also this R.E.M. thing, which would be totally different. So, there you have the two channels in the book, one “pop” and one not.
We call all our Greek readers and followers to embrace it, and we only hope that you enjoy reading it, as much as we enjoyed building it!
Covered with cushiony clover
These past months have been so busy that I’ve not had time to read much, but Robert J Sawyer’s Illegal Alien was quite interesting. I also enjoyed reading Otsuichi’s Goth. It was wonderful.
The Father delights in exerting complete control over the Twins. The Mother just keeps out of the way, letting the girls suffer rather than standing up for them and herself. To outsiders they present the façade of a normal-ish family, inquisitive or well-meaning neighbours are met by a blank wall, and the only person to query this is the girls' grandmother.
had hoped to go to the maternity ward for some reassurance, a doppler,
'I don’t feel I can properly accede to those pleas put forward for leniency to avoid an immediate custodial sentence.'
And I know not all of you can sew, or even own a sewing machine.
Alan Klapmeier, company founder, chairman and CEO of Kestrel Aircraft Co., is “quite confident” that his eight-place Kestrel single-engine turboprop will raise the bar for cabin comfort, payload, range, speed and docile handling characteristics in this class of business aircraft. The Kestrel is a major rework of the 2002 Farnborough Aircraft F1 design, incorporating a 1,000 shp Honeywell TPE331-14GR turboprop in place of the F1′s PWC PT6A-67A, along with a wider and longer cabin, larger windows, redesigned flight controls to reduce effort and straight leading edges for the wings.
tar: read error: unexpected EOF
Anyways.......haha
1. Visit a state I've never been to: Wisconsin! Mike, Susannah and I ventured up to Milwaukee when we were in Chicago in January! It was a fun little trip and it was such a quaint little city!
I ♥ you mom!
Have you ever forgotten you loved a food, and were only reminded of it, when you had it again? Well, that's what happened to me with Rice Pudding. I went to a meeting and they served rice pudding. I liked it so much, I had two servings!
Thanks for stopping by....see you tomorrow...
Do it, because a girl who reads understands syntax. Literature has taught her that moments of tenderness come in sporadic but knowable intervals. A girl who reads knows that life is not planar; she knows, and rightly demands, that the ebb comes along with the flow of disappointment. A girl who has read up on her syntax senses the irregular pauses—the hesitation of breath—endemic to a lie. A girl who reads perceives the difference between a parenthetical moment of anger and the entrenched habits of someone whose bitter cynicism will run on, run on well past any point of reason, or purpose, run on far after she has packed a suitcase and said a reluctant goodbye and she has decided that I am an ellipsis and not a period and run on and run on. Syntax that knows the rhythm and cadence of a life well lived.
While on the edge of the monocoque is a round adjuster for the torsion springs. This has been reported as a ‘ride height adjuster’, but a similar pair of adjusters has been on the top of the Ferrari moncooque for years. I suspect these are simply the same preload adjusters, re-sited to suit the ”V” nose.
Fortunately for those on the boat, God was giving them time to think, to consider and to remember. The tempestuous wind was just beginning to blow. This whole thing would last for over two weeks for we read in verse 27, “But when the fourteenth night was come.” Two weeks to remember, to think, to consider. They would think, “Paul was right in that. Is he right in other things as well?”
Place 1 Tbs Xylitol, 2 tsp. water and orange blossom water (or honey) in small pot over medium-low heat. Bring to a simmer. Add the blueberries. Toss to coat and remove from heat.
Then there is one contestant who surprised me by his strong showing this week: Anthony Ryan. He talks too much smack about other designers to be likable, but his dress this week was very nice. I am rooting against him based on personality alone. He's not over the top enough to be a good villain, and comes across as a bit of an annoyingly arrogant ass instead. (Viktor has a bit of arrogance going as well, but he seems so up and down with it that I haven't yet decided if I dislike him). This is what Anthony made:
There is no difference between the Johnnies
And Peter Weller made a name for himself here as the doomed Murphy, wanting only to prove himself a good cop where crime is the status quo. Oh, don't get me wrong: Weller's star shone bright in films as diverse as 1984's Firstborn and that same year's inestimable classic The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across The Eighth Dimension. Yet with this film he reached beyond dramatic powerhouses and quirky cult films to what can be classified as "The Accessible Action Hero". His Murphy's struggle in being a mechanical supercop, yet still retaining his innate humanity is a tough struggle to emote with the crutch of being emotionless, but a scene late in the movie in a warehouse where he sees his face in full for the first time since his death says everything with only a blank stare.
Many of you may be wondering what happened to FUNooze. April 26, 2011, was my last post until now... for good reason.
Pretty awesome prize if you ask me, so what are you waiting for, get out those stamps and start creating your tag or pocket somethings! To enter this challenge, please use the linky feature below and provide a DIRECT link to your NEW project by 7pm EST on Thursday December 30th.
Let’s move forward! On to the hens!
As covered in last week’s disturbing BBC2 documentary This World: The Shame of the Catholic Church, in 1975, a young boy by the name of Brendan Boland accused Roman Catholic priest Fr Brendan Smyth of sexually abusing him. As a result, the boy was taken with his father to the intimidating surroundings of a monastery for questioning. He was then separated from his father and subjected to what can only be described as an inquisition, consisting of a gruelling cross-examination by three priests in the presence of canon lawyer John (now Cardinal Seán) Brady. Brendan Boland says in the documentary that he was alone and scared: he didn't know what was going to happen; he didn't know what questions they were going to ask him. He was just 14 years old. Cardinal Brady noted down the answers and the transcript is available to view (excerpt above and below; or forward to 32:50 on BBC iPlayer).
Words: 1000
Even some of the 29 percent of Insiders who said the Obama administration should be involved argued that it is not legally necessary but noted that it is politically important.
Sweet Mother is updated daily. You can follow by clicking the “follow” button at the top right of the page.
Fifty three-year-old Paolo from Turin in North Italy had been staying in Puri since the past 23 years on a tourist visa with multiple-entry (into India) facility. Going by multiple-entry visa rules, one can stay for 180 days at a stretch in India. After the time period one has to exit the country for some time and then return for a valid stay.
This one’s for you, Toph.
One day, while I was shopping at Day's Market for dinner ingredients, an elderly but unusually energetic woman stopped at the end of the aisle and unabashedly stared at me. I noticed, but pretended to stay focused on my search for Garbanzo Beans. She walked down the aisle toward me.
Author: John Scalzi
was actually the title of the last song written by Kilmister, while
During the stage greeting, the three actresses also held a Christmas lighting ceremony at Yokohama World Porters. “It’s already beautiful, but it’s become even more beautiful,” mused Kitagawa, while Maya stated, “It’s like a winter fireworks show.”
Place all ingredients into a heavy saucepan. Turn on the heat and stir. Bring to a slow boil, and boil the sauce for two or three minutes. Either add to your meat immediately, or cool and refrigerate for up to a week. Uhhhh, yeah it's that easy.
Carmina Burana – Memphis Symphony May 19 and 20th. Go!
So much of the appeal of Homeland has been the level of uncertainty about the motives and trustworthiness of both the central characters. Carrie is psychologically unstable, impulsive, and so driven that it compromises her career. Brody may be a traitor, but in some ways that’s the least of his problems: he’s traumatised by his experiences, confused about his place in the world, and being manipulated by most of the people around him. They’re both deeply ambiguous characters – but what is ambiguity?
Mark C. Toner, State Department Deputy Spokesperson, stated Sri Lankan journalist Ekneligoda’s disappearance has had no arrests to date.
Like her, Joseph was taken away from his home, and it is in him that Asenath comes to find solace…and love. But just as they are beginning to form a bond, Joseph is betrayed by his master’s wife and thrown into prison.
Mann J did not strike out the claim, but he did order the claimant to provide a statement of case and an expert report explaining it. Most unusually the judge also awarded the defendant costs on the higher, indemnity, basis, on the ground that the claimant had wilfully refused to disclose its case until compelled to do so at the hearing. Said the judge
485410 School & employee bus transportation
Anyway, some 68% think that would be a good thing, but mark that 73% thought so back in 1997. The skew for better off is strongly weighted to the less educated and marginally so to Democrats.
D = ii
And then I need to tell you seven random things about me...
“Did the king just give that to you, miss?”
With a skills gap, our economy suffers. We need better education.
and, i might add, that i'm not super hardcore with all this.
Summary: Victor Frankenstein is close to his twin Konrad, yet secretly envies his brother’s talents and good nature. When Konrad falls ill with a mysterious and dangerous sickness, Victor is willing to resort to ancient dark arts that his father has forbidden him to explore. Along with his friends Elizabeth and Henry, Victor’s search for the Elixir of Life will cause him to encounter deadly creatures, gloomy forests and caverns, and personal sacrifice. Despite this, the most frightening things Victor discover may be within himself.
-be in a race (cars)
Anyway, after settling in to the hotel and making sure everything worked, we went to the Grand Place for beer (when in Lille...) and to the rue de Gand for dinner. The Grand Place in Lille, and the surrounding streets and buildings, is beautiful. (Smells slightly of drains, at least when we went, but beautiful.)
you are the cause
drinks? Can I get you anything to eat?” While she is doing all this,
It is very important to be familiar with the Silent Heart and Sacred Heart meditations. If you follow this link http://bookofmarysacredheart.blogspot.com/2011/09/blue-cloak-of-protection-from-divine.html you can read how to receive the Blue Cloak of Protection directly from Her.
Im going through a bit of a LOTV phase at the mo, but you've only got to have a bit of a trawl around the land of Blog to see im not the only one. Coloured with my beloved pro's, cut and layered onto scalloped circle nestie and then doily, buttons ribbon and pearls from stash, the yummy gingham is once again a Bev Rochester freebie and have printed the sentiment using Tempus Sans font.
Van Wyk said, if the figures relied on information from the provinces, “I can say without a doubt that they are wrong”.
“But, because every team is so dialled in to the track, even having a well-sorted car isn’t necessarily the answer because it’s sometimes the smallest differences that determine the order.
They're all with me, over at the Walmart.
So we stay just a few more minutes.
Retail fraud can be classified as either a misdemeanor or a felony depending on the amount stolen and involves stealing from a store that is open for business. It can also include someone who tries to switch prices on items or tries to get a refund from a store when it is not warranted.
Ok, back to the start. I said that I didn’t want to bring negativity to my blog, but then again I want people to see the reality of living with a mental health problem.
This new course introduces a series of mini-workshops on the vital topic of personal character and the implementation of moral sensitivity into our daily lives. Featuring Rabbi Hanoch Teller at his best, these short 20 minute lectures are sure to add an inspirational lift to your day!
A caveat: If any of your guests had family or friends directly impacted by 9/11/01 (i.e., they or any loved ones were working at the Pentagon or in downtown Manhattan that day), that might mitigate against a 9/11 wedding for you. Otherwise, consider it. You'll find greater venue and vendor availability on that date than on any other Saturday in late summer or early fall, and possibly at a discount.
The Secret Journeys of Jack London: The Sea Wolves is my MMGM pick for this week. This book made me feel excited and full of adrenaline. It made me feel that way because Jack London is on a ship full of sea wolves (violent creatures that are kind of like werewolves) and he is desperately trying to get off.
The second of the two Snow White films this year, this one proves to be the darker, more action packed version of the two. With Kristen Stewart and Charlize Theron playing the titular character and the Evil Queen at war with one another, this takes Snow White to a whole other level. Making it look more like Gladiator than a fairy tale (which seems to be quite a trend lately) we shall see if people really want to see a bad-ass Snow White film. I am quite sick of fairy tale adaptations turned into dark brooding films. Some are meant to be, but Snow White I don’t think was ever intended as a battle film. That being said, it might beat it’s competitor, Mirror Mirror, which had a minor run in theaters. We shall see indeed who is the fairest of them all.
Here's the cool new steeping cup I got from the Tea Spot (fancy photo of it, long story; thanks, D.), a shop I like and not just because they use the word "steepware." It's a well-made, three-piece set — cup, steeping basket and lid — all made of glazed porcelain. It's proven wonderful for tastings as well as those one-cup cravings.
Wong’s article is must reading and I’ve dropped “Monkeysphere” consciousness into my philosopher’s bag in order to further understand the nature of the world I live in.
All of the above is true.
The Christmas Child ... TBN ... 11:30 AM
I am resentment that plots revenge
Last night the local branch of CAMRA had their monthly “Stagger” – in this case a wander round one of the less affluent, but still well-pubbed, parts of Stockport. Two of the pubs visited were ones that, after a long time selling only keg beers, had fairly recently restored cask beer. Both, perhaps surprisingly, had Black Sheep Bitter: one also had Greene King IPA and the other Marston’s Pedigree.
When they finished it they all had gigantic grins on their faces and all the hard work - writing the script, teaching them the words, directing, choreographing, organising, meeting with parents, rehearsing, costuming, face painting ..... well it was all worth it.
It was a fun day!
Something else unexpected is the advent of one Pierre Kirby; he has average leading man looks, can kick and jump reasonably well, doesn't look like he's breaking too awful much of a sweat in the action scenes and at least makes it appear that he's interested in the goings-on. In SPITE of the fact that 70% of his dialogue scenes are taking place against footage to be added later. Still, he looks comfortable in his ridiculously colorful ninja suit, swinging his katana about and voicing dialogue like "The dragon's fire burns HOT!" or "You should help him...it would seem a worthy effort", making his dialogue, even if it's not all that necessary-sounding, at least necessary in order to bridge scenes together between the previously-shot film and the newly-shot scenes. Heck, it would appear that he did this in most of the nine films he has to his credit. If Richard Harrison could do it, why not?
Nunc quoque vos feriam!’ percussis anguibus isdem
Mostly about my motivation, or lack of it on occasion.. I want to do the best I can for my horses, and I think they have a pretty good life, but my expectations are high and although I say/think, even, that the horse comes first, and I always try to be fair, that's not always the case, as it is, in fact, about me.
The Outcome:
I recommend using points and picas as a measurement preference. as opposed to inches or the metric system
and it was a fun way to spend time with all her cousins.
too late to look deeper inside
(literally) eye-to-eye with a garden spider. I welcome spiders into my garden
SWEET time at the
I am a former sex worker. My several years of work experience in the business included escorting, sensual massage, porn, fetish work and working as a phone girl at a dungeon. During much of the time I was working, I also engaged in activism in support of sex workers’ rights. In particular, I was an editor at $preadmagazine for three years and I organized art shows, performances and other public events to raise funds for the magazine.
Now there is a fifth week in May, and that fifth week is called spring. You may think spring is in April, but this year it is in May. And it’s at the end of May, it’s new growth. You’ll feel it everywhere, you’ll smell it in the air, and there will be new activity happening, in every sphere. New senses of hope. This is a very powerful month this pivotal month.
IF (a big if) the blind Chinese human rights lawyer Chen Guangchen is indeed under protection in the United States Embassy, this will mark the first time since the 1989 Fang Lizhi Incident (Fang was a prominent astrophysicist and an intellectual leader of the pro-democracy movement) that the U.S. government decided to provide sanctuary to a prominent and clearly persecuted Chinese political dissident in its embassy and inserted itself in domestic Chinese political struggle. The reasons for the U.S. decision include: (1) Chen’s case was very clear-cut: a repressive regime used heavy-handed intimidation against a courageous lawyer who spoke for the victims of official corruption and abuse. Chen had been under house arrest, and his dramatic escape showed that there were many sympathizers who assisted him along the way and that he faces clear and present danger anywhere in the mainland. The only possible safe heaven is the U.S. embassy. If the U.S. turned him away, he would surely be severely punished by the Chinese authorities and the U.S. would certainly be criticized. (2) For the past two decades, under the banner of “engagement,” the U.S. has attempted to help China strengthen its rule of law. The emergence of human rights lawyers, such as Chen, who face official harassment or worse, are a bright spot in this regard. However, China’s rule of law rights records in recent years have deteriorated, as more rights lawyers and NGOs are targeted and mistreated. So the decision to protect Chen may send a strong message of U.S.’s dissatisfaction of China’s rule of law (lack of ) progress. (3) Some people may compare Chen’s case with the case of Wang Lijun, the former henchman of former Chongqing party boss Bo Xilai, who apparently sought refuge at U.S. Consulate in Chengdu in February. But these two cases are different. Wang did not qualify as a potential prisoner of conscience and giving him asylum would have unwisely inserted the U.S. in Chinese succession politics and complicated US-China relations. Chen clearly qualifies under US asylum law, so this decision may help the U.S. deflect some potential criticisms on the ground of the distinctions between the two cases.
I seriously adore Greek Yogurt, seriously. I eat it on baked potatoes, I make dips with it, I add Splenda and fresh berries, and now…
And...um...
Telephone: 845-452-5327 Fax: 480-247-5626 E-Mail: Admin@UltimatePetResort.com
Spending so much time on the album a lot of things changed in the process. Some songs were rewritten or changed around back and forth and quite a lot of them ended up as completely different beasts to what we thought we were recording to start with. We feel that the Doctor has opened up his world a bit and we have a better understanding of what is going on. For one we now realize that the band is actually more of a soap-opera than it is a band and that as members of the band we are actually channelling characters from a bitter place in a different time. All of this is somehow connected to a hospital named 'Falcon Christ General'. It might all come clear one of these days if we give it time.
First, you should look around to see what you like. I have several artists in mind that I would love to have commissioned pieces from. Unfortunately, we have a long list of things we want to accomplish and finish with the house this year commissioned artwork is not on that list.
“Oh, no, it’s not B. This is A.”
HAPPY HALLOWEEN ALL!
VERWEIJ M, VAN DEN HOVEN M. De griepprik in het verpleeghuis. Ethische analyse en aanbevelingen. ISBN 90-72920-18. Centrum voor Bio-ethiek en Gezondheidsrecht, Utrecht, 2001.
Okay, there is no way Karen is going to let me purchase any more electronics soon, given that I recently purchased a new Macbook Air. Nonetheless, bookworm that I am, and the fact that I already love my Kindle app on my iPhone and Kindle device, I’m wondering how I’ll be able to convince her that the new Amazon Kindle Fire is worth buying sometime. After all, I am 49 and reading all my books on the iPhone does induce eyestrain (iStrain?) after a while.
But amid a highly fractured GOP field, Mr. Paul has held the lead in three of the last four publicly available polls of GOP voters in Iowa, with support ranging from 20% to 28%.
But if you do, make sure you choose the right one: No 133
finalizar coloca ahdesivo dimensional en la flor y la pegas.
Yes, I wish Christmas was more about Christ and less about gifts. Yes, I will forever hate voice activated automated phone directories, and yes, my husband can be irritating when I am in a bad mood. Still, I have a good life. Even if people have to discipline my kids in Walmart. And hey- the underware I blew my nose on WAS clean! It doesn't get much better than that.
The weather here has improved so much since this morning - we now have brilliant sunshine and it's over 70F!! Oh yes, the hotel have upgraded our room too. We are now in a two-bedroomed suite which is so much easier for us. It means that Kathryn has her own bedroom and doesn't have to use the sofa bed! Bliss! Anyway, that's all for today, Jonathan will be home from work soon and then we can go shopping and get some dinner. I'll write again tomorrow once we've been to the house! Oh, I should add that I've been into Joanne's - it's magic, but I restrained myself and only got the Heidi Grace stamp that I used in the card!! I'm sure I'll be back again soon.
Post your draft titles and the date you intend to do them. Remember, your blog should have a format; your articles should fit into this format. My articles, for instance, (including this one) are 3 single-spaced pages in length, about 1,500 words. A lively, timely article of this length and substance anchors your blog and gives it “heft”, the feeling of importance and “must read” value.
See every man in forced labor
After all… if all this was scheduled… I have pondered a lot about this, finding it strange that accessories of our daily existence have a surprisingly short life span. It seems that I never get my money’s worth. Don’t you find it irritating that the coffee maker or the DVD player stop working just a few days after the end of the legal warranty?
Lift jalousie.
Such reports are considered significant because there has been little information about the distribution and movement of radiation in the north Pacific and independent confirmation of whether the levels raise significant health concerns.
The floor installation is done! Woohoo! It took us about 4 hours, and really was pretty simple once you got the first row that lays against the wall in place. We finished up when it was dark yesterday, so I will snap some pics and show you tomorrow.
I don't know about the rest of you, but I learned a thing or two about a subject that interests me! (Which is kinda the point of this whole project, conveniently enough!) If you have any questions for Andrea, feel free to pop on over to her blog, or address her right here in the comments section.
As sharp as ice and flame in me,
Does this comparison not have a touch of the apples and oranges about it? As I've said, I remember the Cadbury's advert and I knew it was for chocolate, but maybe—just maybe—I wouldn't have remembered the fucking thing if I had been five years old when it was last broadcast.
There is an hotel/pub in Marble Arch, London, which used to have a gallows adjacent to it. Prisoners were taken to the gallows (after a fair trial, of course) to be hung.
Back in May of 2010 we quietly launched our very first every WILK Friday BeerBuzz show. I remember my emotions for that show being somewhere between excitement and complete fear. Jump ahead 2 years later, and I can’t believe we’re celebrating our 2nd Year Anniversary.
wheresoever this gospel shall be preached
On one occasion as the date approached, I prayed in my boyish way that it wouldn’t rain. I would have viewed a rained-out picnic a tragedy.
Let me first list my one complaint about this book. Robie would yammer on and on about these friggin' seabirds! I mean, pages and pages of explanations on their mating habits, egg laying, eggs hatching, birds learning to fly, getting eaten up by sharks, making nests, yadda yadda yadda! I mean, it just went on and on and on. I wanted to skip ahead because it was just too much. It didn't really have a point either.
Interviewer: So you don’t have a problem with a Copt running for president in Egypt?
Last night I went out to Sushi Lounge, a good, local place with my friend and fellow wine lover, Sharon. Sushi Lounge does not have a great wine list, but they have a few of the more interesting varietals such as Torrontes. Torrontes is a lovely, medium bodied, floral white that is grown in the North Argentina. Moreover, since it's a lot less expensive to make wine in Argentina and since the varietal is not well known (and thus not over planted - yet), it tends to be one of the bigger values on a wine menu.
for the gods’ wanting revenge
chesterfield and spats.
Now, I could go on and on about the women in “School Days”. The fact that the women seem so overly attached to this one guy and how that’s an incredibly unhealthy relationship. However, I can’t look at this through a feminist lens. This is a story from a dating sim. Dating sims are largely geared towards a male audience… and it’s a Japanese dating sim on top of it that’s about 7 years old. While Japan has made some forward steps as far as women’s rights are concerned, it’s still an entirely different society from what we’re used to.
There are many Old Testament references, and it was an important part of early Jewish rituals as well.
Drizzle with Tokatsu sauce over and serve immediately.
On Good Friday nobody would work or cook a meal. We wouldn't even throw water outdoors until after sunset. Saturday was a solemn day as well, thinking of our Lord's death, but Sunday was a day of rejoicing, remembering the Lord's Resurrection. Eggs were a treat for us children. We had a couple of hens and sometimes we watched them to find out where they laid their eggs. We were sure to save up enough so that everyone had one on Easter Sunday morning. We boiled them and put them in egg cups. Of course, Easter Monday was a big day. There were soup suppers and teas, and dancing at the school house. Valentine's Day was another day we enjoyed. We didn't send cards like children of today. Our tradition was to make a request for something in the form of a rhyme. We didn't ask for anything big, just small things, as we knew we were more likely to get them. I used to watch my mother making bread and begged her to let me do it. She wouldn't, but one day I went to Newport to visit my Aunt Elsie. She was in her sick bed and needed bread made. Her children were all younger than me, so I offered to make it. I placed the pan on a little chair and made my first bread. I had a problem putting it in the pans and couldn't see how I could manage it. I did my best and the children enjoyed it anyway. Summertime we would play outside. We would cover the top of the woodhorse and make a tent. We would chew hard bread and make cakes from it, then enjoy eating them. Wintertime I would watch my father knit or mend nets. Sometimes he would make a casting net for casting caplin. We used caplin for fertilizer on our gardens in the summer. Dad and Uncle Bill would build boats together in the wintertime, either motorboats or rowboats. The rowboat had a sail, and depending on the size, paddles or an oar. When the wind was in the right direction you could sit in the boat and have a nice time along. Sometimes I would watch Dad and Uncle Bill saw plank with a crosscut saw. One man stood in the stage while the other stood up in the stage loft and they pulled the saw up and down until the planks were sawed. When the boat was built it was caulked and painted. It was fun watching the boats being launched and given names. The motorboat had an old-fashioned engine. Before I got out of bed in the morning, I would hear the boats all around the harbour, with the click click click of the engines. Everyone was on the move as soon as the ice moved out in the spring, getting their firewood home. It had been cut in the winter and hauled out by rope and hand slide to the shoreline, ready to be loaded aboard the boat in the spring. Sometimes they would tow a small, full boat behind. They had to have enough to last until fall. It was hard bringing it all uphill to the house and sawing it up and packing it away. The women would be busy in spring also. Most everyone owned sheep. They would shear the sheep, wash, card, and spin the wool. There were plenty of mitts and socks to be knit, making sure everyone had enough for the winter. Everyone had vegetable gardens. Before starting gardening, they had to take the sheep away, as no gardens were fenced. Names were put around the sheep's necks with leather name tags. Then they were loaded into boats and taken over to Indian Bay where they were free to feed all summer. In the fall, after the vegetables were up, we'd go back for the sheep. Sadly, many of them were never found. The last one I had after I married was never found and I never got another. We would cut grass in summer and make hay to feed the sheep all winter.
When I was writing my first manuscript (ms) I had my best friend (the one person in the world who would tell me if it was crap) beta reading as I went. In as much I did clean up editing along the way. Little did I know how far from the finish line I was; probably a good thing in retrospect.
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co Chico Summerfest beer Pilsner Style Lager
This scenario is the one I am dealing with in this article. The question is how to get great performance out of the technology? Regular browser polling, when implemented naively, can become a troublesome scalability problem very easily, and one that will only show up in some serious load tests / network fail tests (you do these, right?). How to prevent this?
This fear is mostly based on stubbornness and the fear of change. This especially comes up for people who find themselves swept up in someone else’s bid for power where they end up as the focus for the commitment. For example if a boss makes a bid for power for the business that requires everyone to make a change and you value your job, you have a choice; get with the program or leave. If you choose to stay, do it consciously and bid for the change and commit to it. If you don’t, your resentment and denial will limit you to the opportunities to grow and expand in the new configuration. If you are one of these people, always consciously choose what is already in front of you. That way it becomes your conscious commitment and bid for power.
Oh my! I have been SO busy lately that I have completely neglected my blog! :(
We will also announce our winner, with over 300 entries we want to make sure it is a sure favorite this time.
This drama is hilarious. I really had a great time watching it RAW and never did it waver when I finally watched it with subs. Lee Seung Gi is such a.. what’s the right term? Vainglorious? He’s played an arrogant-jerk in Shining Inheritance as a Chaebol. Then as an irresponsible, action-star-wannabe in MGIAG. Now, I feel like its a combination of all the characters he’s played and it fits him to a T. The teasers for this show kinda threw me off.. because I never thought of seeing Seung Gi to be so serious. I mean, military? Then again, drama surprised me since they didn’t really strip off Seung Gi of what I’ve known him to be and what I’ve grown to love about him.
5. Emotionally Involved = 20%
...it’s been...good gawd...over six months since the two hundred hour certification...during which I’ve kinda taught yoga five times...groups of one to three people...only one of whom insisted on drinking a beer while practicing...(as well as assisting with that class of, I’m told, two-hundred and fifty people)....meaning, ya could say, I’ve not been overly ambitious...perhaps lazy....or, maybe, to take a more positive view, simply humble...egoless...just too damned enlightened...
Ouroussoff interjected, perhaps sensing dismay in the audience that the session had tilted toward Brooklyn, "It raises an interesting question. What is your role as an architect, because developments of that same scale are going to happen, and the architect has no control over that. That's not the architect's job."
SCHABAS RE. Mass influenza vaccination in Ontario: a sensible move. JAMC 2001; 164: pp.
I'm off to the local friendly Post Office to mail out not 1, but 2, books sold this past weekend.
If I’m honest, that frightens me a little. It’s much easier to have something holding you back. I think of dear friends who gave up their home and most of their belongings to move to Africa to serve as missionaries a few years ago. At the time I couldn’t imagine doing anything like that. Now I find myself hoping that we find the courage to do some great big thing.
As the mom whose only purpose is to lie in bed and look paler with every scene, Susan Blakely actually deserved the honor of being first to pass on this project. Blakely has been in such worthy films as The Towering Inferno, The Concorde...Airport '79 and the actually-classy 1983 Frances Farmer TV biopic "Will There Really Be A Morning?", which earned her a Golden Globe nomination. I mean, she's an honest-to-goodness actress with talent and everything. Here, all her dramatic highlights consist of her literally phoning in her performance; she has the phone to her ear and is speaking with Lincoln or Michael or both while staring off in the distance looking all pale and sickly. Damn it; Hollywood did the same thing to Faye Dunaway as detective Frank Sinatra's dying wife in 1980's The First Deadly Sin. So, does Blakely at least get a good, dramatic final death throe just to prove what a fantastic actress she really is? Nope, she dies off-screen. Not every movie can be Terms of Endearment, I suppose. Sorry, Susan.
Let me know as soon as you are heading out to the Western union
It is easy to sit on the sidelines and watch things go up in flames, so easy then to commentate. You’ll have a hundred suggestions, Lord of Insight you’ll be. But see how fun it is when you’re the one who’s burning.
Some less appropriate styles of music include the metal love song and the flamingo love song. Some appropriate styles include the slow 6/8 ballad, and the funk.
The Wolfman won best makeup. Just as Cate Blanchett said about her dress "it's gross!"
Congregation Shaarei Torah Hosts David Zasloff Shofar Concert and Workshop, page 2
It's also heartbreaking to try to convey the concern to someone who doesn't understand. It's not an issue of eating. Samuel eats like a normal 2 year old. He eats when he wants, and when he wants, he can eat a LOT. He drinks the "super milk"....as much as 16 ounces of it a day. I make special food for him all the time. He eats cheese with every meal. Milkshakes about 3 evenings a week. I can't make him eat any more.
After a 1966 disputed sighting in Texas, 84,550 acres became the Big Thicket National Preserve. When the ivory-bill was sighted/not sighted in a South Carolina swamp in 1971, the outcome was the creation of Congaree National Park. Alex Sanders, who as a member of South Carolina’s House of Representatives fought to preserve the land, told me that when people ask him where the ivory-bill is, he says, “I don’t know where he is now, but I know where he was when we needed him.”
I painted the wood hanging plaque in Brushed Corduroy Distress Crack Paint, but did NOT like how it turned out, so after it dried, I just added some gold Alcohol Ink Mixative. Perfect!!!
After having solved the mystery of Gideon, slaying Knorlo Knossos and acquiring the ”Aurora” Tablet, our adventurers were wondering what leads they had left to continue their quest.
J: G-pop, J, and Teet-teet came to the house
Yours, in confidence
The owners are equally well groomed, equally 'fashion'. The champagne is flowing, the free gifts are flying off the shelves and everyone is beautiful, having a lovely time, darling.
But behold, this is not all; these are not the only ones who have spoken concerning the Son of God. Behold, he was spoken of by Moses; yea, and behold a type was raised up in the wilderness, that whosoever would look upon it might live. And many did look and live. But few understood the meaning of those things, and this because of the hardness of their hearts. But there were many who were so hardened that they would not look, therefore they perished. Now the reason they would not look is because they did not believe that it would heal them. O my brethren, if ye could be healed by merely casting about your eyes that ye might be healed, would ye not behold quickly, or would ye rather harden your hearts in unbelief, and be slothful, that ye would not cast about your eyes, that ye might perish? If so, wo shall come upon you; but if not so, then cast about your eyes and begin to believe in the Son of God, that he will come to redeem his people, and that he shall suffer and die to atone for their sins; and that he shall rise again from the dead, which shall bring to pass the resurrection, that all men shall stand before him, to be judged at the last and judgment day, according to their works. (Alma 33:18-22)
Well, Hubby finally had enough of the mess in the garage... and frankly so had I. So, I have set to work cleaning it up. It's been on my "To Do" list for... FOREVER! First thing I did was gather up some paint. Being frugal or cheap, which ever you choose to call it, as much paint as I had sitting around, I wasn't about to buy more to paint a garage. So, out came the five gallon bucket with about two gallons remaining of my living room color (Behr's "Sensible Hue"). I knew two gallons wasn't going to be nearly enough because that garage is big and the walls were in terrible shape. Plus, they'd never been painted, meaning they were going to suck the paint up fastt!
Now, one may assume that given Dabney's background, this segment would be music-related ... but (rubs hands together in fiendish manner) we actually did something a little different. In fact we may or may not have gotten way ambitious. That's because we filmed an interview, some Oscar predictions, AND a fashion montage. That's right -- a fashion montage.
It is absurdist comedy of the very blackest kind, informed by a love of James Joyce, Samuel Beckett, Peter Cook and The Goon Show. Featuring the Fibonacci sequence, floors that open up without warning, a powerful laxative, and a duvet that periodically changes colour, Verruca Music charts the narrator’s emergence from a state of fearful near-immobility assisted only by entertainments of his own devising.
Demographics.
“This competition is one of the toughest competitions I’ve ever been a part of,” Solo said. “It was an amazing opportunity. We have the most amazing fan base and instead of the winning the mirrorball trophy, I’m going to try to win a gold medal this summer at the Olympics.”
Reserve for distributors: December 20, 2011
Secretly, my aunt let me read a very good book which explained conception to birth in terms I could understand (Mama’s belief was “ignorance is bliss” when it came to the facts of life). My aunt was there for me when I started having my periods and helped me with all the wonderful trappings that came with “becoming a woman.” She was my confidant about boys when I started showing interest (WAY to young!!!) and tried to guide me as best she could in spite of Mama’s desire that I be kept ignorant, especially about boys, dating, relationships and .. and… and SEX!!!!! (There, I’ve said the forbidden, and I didn’t die!) God forbid I should get the correct information – better not to know or learn misinformation in the girls bathroom. So it sort of went like this: “Here’s good information; if you have any questions I’m here.” “Don’t pay attention to her, she’s telling you things you’re too young to know.” But somehow I knew my aunt was on the right track when it came to being open and honest (at least as open and honest as possible in my dad’s family).
It is a typical movie, but as I watched it I got the feeling that I had seen it before. First, “savages” attack a homestead and kidnap a young girl. Second, her uncle, a hardened veteran and old “savage” fighter goes after her. Third, a young sidekick who cares for the girl travels by his side. Fourth, the uncle says he will kill her if she has turned “savage”.
“…However, the worst act of terrorism in the nation’s history occurred on September 11, 2001. Yhat morning, terrorists hijacked, or illegally took control of, four American commercial airplanes. Again, terrorists targeted the World Trade Center. Two of the hijacked planes were flown directly into the center’s twin towers, causing tremendous explosions. The third plane was flown into the side of the Pentagon, the nation’s military headquarters, near Washington, D.C. The fourth plane crashed in an empty field in Pennsylania. Authorities believe that several passengers, acting heroically, prevented the plane from hitting another building.
The only thing I can think of is “A Bad Goodbye”. It’s a duet with Wynonna. However, I really don’t think it’s what you’re looking for.
