18) COFFEE OR ENERGY DRINKS?
And if you've ever had to have your work signed off by a committee, then you'll be interested to hear what actor Kevin Eldon has to say about the future of comedy online.
So this layout is dedicated to her and her man James and it is my CT example for this months challenge over at Kraft It Up we would love for you to join in the challenge.....this month is all about LOVE of course but Love in a different kind of way so you will have to head on over and find out what kind of love.
2 cups white wine vinegar
Unfortunately, my eating habits have back slid a bit. A few too many treats and a bit too much junk food has been consumed lately. I am still eating mainly healthy meals, however I tend to punctuate them with chocolate far too often these days. So, it's time to clean up the diet as I go forward.
"It is alleged that commuters that were onboard the train that were caught without valid train tickets set the train alight."
Now for the really good stuff. What the playroom is all about. TOYS! Toy storage can be a crazy chaotic conundrum, but not in this space. And do I ever have a chore when I walk into this room? Nopers! My fantastic threesome couldn't be better at keeping this space neat and tidy all on their own, because I made it easy for them to do so.
When Jelly Bellies first appeared on the market, there were only eight flavors: Very Cherry, Lemon, Cream Soda, Tangerine, Green Apple, Root Beer, Grape, and Licorice, which was reportedly President Reagan's favorite.
I’m only 120lbs on a good day.
Ova hea inside da world,
In another scene Yuri sits stranded in a desolate spot in Africa, while watching his plane being stripped down to its bare bones by a horde of Africans – exactly like Zimbabweans do to a dead elephant!
James II's coronation feast in Westminster Hall was superintended by the king's master cook Patrick Lamb. The table at which Pepys dined was furnished with one hundred and forty four dishes. Most of these were meat and fish dishes, including lots of pies, but there were eighteen salads on the table and luxury items like asparagus, mango, bamboo, truffles and morels. Scattered among the dishes of puffins, pallets rago'd, whole roasted fawns and pettitoes, were tarts, jellies, blancmanges and other sweet dishes. The king and queen's table was lavishly embellished en ambigu with three tall pyramids of sweetmeats and fruit. Sam's table had twenty-seven dishes of sweetmeats ranging down the table, so like the salads they were easily accessible to the diners. In the table plan below, the green dots represent the position of the salads; the red ones the dessert sweetmeats. The centre of the table must have been a riot of colour.
This is quite a fun and engaging heist film that’s only let down by its overabundant tropes – the evil property developer, the getting-past-security-via-the-aircon-ducts. And how gooey is that ending? (Ha! You’ll have to find out.) 7/10
February 28, 2008. Kristoff from the New York Times: Mr. Obama
And we still got to light the candle.
'You have got to be kidding me.'
Catholics showed the largest gains in 11 states, including in Nevada, Colorado and Texas, and the Assemblies of God While LDS growth rates may be impressive, Mormons remain a small part (2 percent) of the U.S. population.
Whitefly - there’s a Cabbage White Fly with a partial circle of eggs and the waxy smudge she’s leaving on the leaf as she swivels round to lay them. And moths! Moths you can hardly make out because they are so well camouflaged. And moths with their caterpillars beneath them on the same page. It doesn’t go ‘here’s a moth of one thing’ and ‘here’s a caterpillar of another’ - if they go together, they are put together. You get a male Gypsy Moth, female Gypsy Moth and Caterpillar Gypsy moth placed as a group along with more than half a page of information - their history and their future! Admittedly it doesn’t have chrysalis Gypsy Moth - but you can’t have everything I suppose - just nearly.
Mt. Hood Pale Ale 5.3%
Once I began thinking about the women who’d been portrayed as victims, the rest came very easily. Sylvia Plath was the obvious one after Elizabeth Smart, and I’d read and reviewed her journals and remembered very well her complex and often compromising relationship with Ted Hughes. I’d also recently read Martha Gellhorn’s letters, and her relationship with Ernest Hemingway seemed like an appropriate one here too, given how their marriage ended. Soon, I had about half a dozen – Rebecca West, like Gellhorn, was a feminist and pioneering journalist, yet entered into an often demeaning relationship with H G Wells which lasted for years – why? Anais Nin and Henry Miller were my last additions, possibly because I was never a huge fan of Nin’s – with projects like this, the names of writers you like tend to come to the fore first.
- Core Constructed
I used the mixed bunch stamp set--which by the way will carry over into the new catalog!--with the matching punch. After laying the punched out flowers on the background I embossed the entire thing using the Square Lattice embossing folder. Makes it almost look like it is a piece of textured designer paper and not separate elements. Of course I did add the extra element of the sentiment since I didn't think you would be able to read the sentiment through the embossing.
I've decided that the best sales people in the world are the ladies who do the waxing in nail salons.
He said he just got himself a new place and the rent was paid
In 2010, though, the menu underwent a re-launch, propelling the restaurant into one of the top dining experiences in Chiang Mai.
But no, I'm not going to show you anything from the class since I've been waiting for the weekend to play. Instead, I'm going to show you a card I made with one of my Sweet 'N' Sassy Stamps digi images:
Don't be afraid to take this one to the pool: it's got lifeguards, water, and mermaids, er, men. Merpeople. Sheesh.
Well, as much as I would give my right leg to save the pirate bay unfortunately the Queen will have my head if I even hint at such a thing. As such, under British law I am required to ‘keep my trap shut’ or ‘sod off’, but there’s England for you.
Once your satisfied with the taste of the tester patty, generously fill mushroom caps with the stuffing mixture and arrange them on a rimmed baking sheet. Pout 1/4 to 1/3 cup water into the pan to keep the mushrooms moist. Bake until the filling is cooked through and brown and crispy on the top. Transfer to serving platters and enjoy!
He still thinks you’re to die for.
"It's all about your determination, I think, as much as anything. There are a lot of people with talent, but it's that determination. I mean, you know, I would cry when the rejections came in — the first couple of times, anyway — and I would go to sleep feeling down, but I would wake up in the morning optimistic and saying, 'Well, maybe they didn't like that one, but wait till they see what I'm going to do next.' And I think you just have to keep going.
ROOT ROOT ROOT FOR THE WHITE SOX
Sewing on the inside of the belt resulted in something odd. It was longer than it should have been. At the time nothing seemed wrong because of the hem allowance fix that just “lengthened” the other part of the belt by two whole inches. As I continued it looked like it would unravel in the wash so the inside edge was hemmed and then folded in to the skirt. It wouldn’t stay flat, so it was ironed and sewed down like I had done on a couple of the previous skirts. The extra parts at the ends were folded in and sewed down.
So, that said, here's what I did. I went back to Ye Olde Blog Homestead and updated it. Culinary Vagabonding is slowly but surely getting back on its feet. For any of you who remember that blog, it was an experiment in cooking my way around the world. That idea and passion has not left me. What I lacked was focus and it's here, finally, just waiting for a bit more tweaking on my part.
I miss my sister.
When Bowser’s Abysmal is still in the advancing area, arch over to one of the aback propellers. It is just hardly aloft the water. While underwater, jump up beneath it afresh bound Arena Pound. Your appearance will abatement fast through the baptize and acreage at the bottom. You can now airing underwater, so you can calmly grab several of the Stars that lie there. This abandoned works while Bowser’s Abysmal is there.
That about sums up my day, except for the usual odds and ends. The laundry and the dishes and changing the bed, etc.
Although having a highly active, motivated, strong willed toddler can be a challenge, I find myself enjoying our time together immensely. He keeps me on the tips of my toes (literally!).
The pages brown, breaking
So, I may not be "one of you" (aka: my greats) but you all inspire me so much that I have the courage to keep puking all over this little, not-at-all-enlightening space. And maybe someday I won't be so cold in your shadow and have sunlight on my face.
But as I lay there in my hospital bed awaiting a scan which would finally diagnose me; tell me why I was suffering the most crippling stomach pains, why I felt listless, why I was being sick every time so much as a glass of water passed my lips and why it felt like something inside me was BURSTING, as I lay there so miserable I couldn't even bear one of my loveliest friends visiting from the ward she was working on at the same hospital, I hit rock bottom.
Total Time: 55:47
???? - May 5, 2012
A few weeks before the party, I started brainstorming and sketching. I finally decided to just do a simple pink cake with the pink and white owl logo, a white shell border, and vertical piped pink sides (sides similar to the carnival birthday cake that I did a while back).
Don’t even ask me how it happens. I don’t know, like, suddenly Don Cheadle Is Magic Beans or something. But next thing NC knows, he’s waking up next to a girlfriend he’s pretty sure he broke up with thirteen years ago and there are children. And it is Christmas. And the whole things pans out like a depressing look into what would have happened to you if you married the first Tea Leoni you met.
Family-run Italian restaurant Vittoria has become an Edinburgh institution since opening on the city’s Leith Walk almost 40 years ago. The city centre branch opened on George IV Bridge in May 2007.
* Customs authorities and police agencies can only do so much – seized tusks, carvings, chopsticks and jewellery represent a small percentage of all the illegal ivory in trade at any point in time. It has been estimated that in order to supply this total amount, 38,000 elephants – at least 8% of the entire African elephant population – are being killed annually.
right now there are several options available
1, Cut the pork into large cubes. Turn the burner on medium-high and using a heavy bottom pot to brown the pork. Brown the pork on all sides. *No need to put oil in the pan, start with the fat side down.*
- We started playing in 2006, Me and Jeff had been in bands together growing up on Long Island and we were both buddies with Tia so we asked her to join. Then we all kind of knew Rachel from other bands and shows around LI so we figured we would all just try and get together and play. It was cool because most of us had kind of different musical interests that all overlapped a little. The name took a bit, basically "Bridge and Tunnel" is what they call people that come into the city from outer places...like Long Island because they need to take the bridge or tunnel to get there. Being how we all grew up outside the city and now all live in either Brooklyn or Queens, it kind of made sense.
Modern Office Technology
- is experiencing physical or psychological suffering.
1 possesses
― Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You
No he didn't. At that point, this is 2 years before Don Caballero did anything. Pittsburgh was a small, really fruitful scene, but everyone thought Damon was a weirdo and nobody could be in a band with him. I was like, "you guys are kinda fucking up because clearly this is an enormously talented drummer beyond anything." If you want to be in a band with your best friend who's maybe not that great a musician, well that's fine, but don't you want to do this to do it, don't you want to get the best shit you can get going, and hopefully it all works? I didn't get that. Damon had to form his own band, and yeah, it worked out alright.
As I began this short story, I knew it would involve a vampire (of course), and a teenager who meets him, and there would be a rival. The rival would be her friend. But, after I lingered over this idea, I liked the old jealousy rage story less and less.
Tom: combination…
You laugh
tenderly unfurled.
Creepy crazy filthy truck drivers.
Only if available immediately and the rate is suitable, send CVs to: william@caglobalint.com; with the following docs:
Kat
and be held in my arms,
The fans are really coming around in the MLS. The Orange block in the end zone was going crazy and even managed to set off a few orange smoke bombs. Watching the poor guy try to get it off the field was worth the price of admission whether you like soccer or not.
Luckily, pop music came to my rescue, and I commanded my legs to just.keep.moving.
VISUALS: A gargoyle is only actually shown on screen for maybe 10 seconds of the entire movie. Very disappointing.
For the purple flowers I didn't put anything in the centers. They looked just fine how they were. For other ones I put jewels, half pearls, or white flower stamens that I found at Michael's.
Poison; meditation; skiing; ants—nothing worked. –Edward Albee
Don't waste ammunition.
we will understand, Winter has gone, Spring is our now.
My Grafico are giving away a digital stamp set (winner's choice) --- to one lucky randomly chosen winner.
6. Do interval training. When you are working out, add a minute or so of high intensity, all effort pushes and then recover. This will help you burn more calories and increase your anaerobic threshold.
Iron Stylus: Is there any legitimate reason why this skin isn’t improved yet?
Christmas Eve was the date for a planned party for the kids at the centre. They were allowed to invite a couple of friends/cousins/family members. Some of the children still have parents (or one parent), but it’s just not safe for them at home, due to a range of circumstances. There are two main traditions in a Kenyan christmas, before it became butchered by the Western influence of commercialism. New outfits for the day, and a good meal. The good meal to be eaten depends on the budget/wealth of the family. For some poor families, it means their ugali is able to be served with salt. At the centre, it meant choma. Barbeque. In anticipation, 2 goats were purchased a month prior. Unfortunately, the boy from the centre given the task of buying these goats, in all his excitement, bought a pregnant one. Now don’t stress, it’s not like we were going to eat a pregnant goat, or even a new mother. Apparently the right decision was to buy a sheep also, to accompany the first goat. There were fears the sheep was also pregnant, but it wasn’t. A week before Christmas, a selection of knives and machetes are chosen and taken into Ngong town to be sharpened, in preparation.
just to get a tiller to the farm.
The titular Gentlemen are Amran and Zelikman, a mismatched duo of comrades travelling the road, living day to day, seemingly lacking any greater plan. That is until they meet the young Filaq, a displaced Khazar prince, and they join the rebellion to return him to the throne.
As Mr Shashi Tharoor, the former External Affairs Minister and contestant for the post of Secretary General for the United Nations pointed out a few months ago, China is far far ahead of India in terms of its growth, economic achievements and importance on the world stage. Mr Tharoor said it like it is, but this was too much for so-called Indian patriots who slammed him for his remarks.
Finally, I want to let y'all know that I didn't pay dime one to check my luggage. You see, I flew Southwest Airlines, and they are (I think) the only airline that doesn't charge you to check your luggage. Add to that, their flight attendants are quite alot of fun. So, if there is upcoming air travel in any of y'all's future, I highly recommend Southwest Airlines. They fly to about 70 U.S. cities, so there is a good chance they are in an airport near you.
There are many public relations firms throughout Florida. There are also several major firms in the Tampa Bay area. Most of these firms provide service to various areas of public relations including: government, businesses and non-profit organizations. They provide different services depending on the needs of the different clients they serve.
“Yeah, give me the information. I’ll solve this. I mean, this isn’t right. I’ll get to the bottom of it.”
In middle school, there was this dumb chanting song we used to sing, probably at camp or something, that went like this:
11And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war.
As this is a Hummingbird cake I am entering it into this month's Alphabakes challenge that I am hosting as the magic letter is H. I baked this several months ago before I had started this blog, and kept meaning to add it as a new post, so now seems as good a time as any!
"They never tell me anything."
The revelation of this surplus highlights the betrayal of the Labour councillors, who shed crocodile tears over the cuts they voted for whilst all along leaving the council with an incredible surplus. In reality it just confirms what we already knew - Labour don't represent us anymore!
1 TB raw agave
The Ishpeming School District has submitted a third proposal on Eric’s behalf, which is pending. The committee has the choice to deny it, or allow schools around the state to vote on it. If there is a vote, a two-thirds majority is required to change the age rule. A decision on if there’s a vote is expected to be made at the committee’s next meeting scheduled in May.
(Reporting by Dan Levine in San Francisco and Carlyn Kolker in New York; Additional reporting by Jeremy Pelofsky in Washington; Editing by Martha Graybow and John Wallace)
You are a cat. You are outside. Excellent.
The original recipe is for a potato, pea and cauliflower curry, so I usually make it when we have a cauliflower plus our usual glut of potatoes in our weekly fruit and veg box (we always have frozen peas, not petit pois but the slightly larger ones, which you can get in excellent quality here in Britain). But as you can see from my pictures below, you can modify it to feature other vegetables.
I like them. Enjoy.
My reply: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA seriously, girl, you're hilarious!!! THAT would make a very interesting post, wouldn't it?? I don't know whether I'd laugh or cry if she did intentionally draw daddy falling off the boat and smiling about it. ROTF
It warned that trends were especially worrying in Europe, where nearly two-thirds of countries had seen unemployment go up since 2010. It said labor market recovery had also stalled in major economies such as Japan and the U.S. Torres, the report’s lead author, came down hard on Europe, accusing it of “ill-conceived fiscal austerity.”
The other morning before going out to breakfast, I tried this. I am not a morning person, and when I am tired, what's happening in my stomach is even more indecipherable to me. Then anxiety can take over and interpret the "strange" / unidentifiable feeling as fullness, or worse, nausea. But having just woken up, I know logically I must be hungry, since I haven't eaten for about twelve hours. I tried the visualization exercise, and it seemed to work after only ten to twenty minutes. I wouldn't say I was ravenous, but I began to feel like I could eat without there being any danger. I began to get a sense that the "strange" feeling was one of emptiness.
When we first met, he wanted to kill me, but now that obey him totally he loves me. When I get good things they’re from Him. Bad things too. And that’s OK. Sometimes I really feel like he’s near me, sometimes I feel like he is very far away.
April 11 TBA, Boston MA
Blame it on the rich. That’s the popular thing to do now. The reality is that most millionaires actually pay more tax, about a 30 percent tax rate. But there are loopholes that I personally would like to see dealt with, loopholes put in by our self-serving congress. Personally I would like to see a flat tax with no loopholes.
Didn’t want to be greedy, neither. Not so much to make him think too hard, not so little to leave us short.
No parent ever really recovers from that kind of loss. Over the years, Gilmore wrote two novels containing a character who has lost a son, and began a memoir, none of them published. A year and a half ago, he decided to try his hand at a mystery.
But I don’t believe in any nationwide media conspiracy. I believe that the mainstream media is astoundingly biased and largely incompetent but I think that the reason Ron Paul gets so little coverage is because big media outlets only see what they want or expect to see. Robin Koerner explains:
So what I stated was incorrect. I apologize to Steve Simmons, the Danish Defence League, and EFI for posting inaccurate information. Many thanks to the people who drew the error to my attention.
The teacher's unions in Wisconsin are protesting Governor Scott Walker's proposed stripping of their collective bargaining rights. This is due to the contract running out - it's the state's prerogative to not renew it, and it would basically turn Wisconsin into a right to work state overnight. There is also a proposal in the budget that would require union members to contribute to their own pensions and health care plans like the rest of us. Educators have gone so far as to do an illegal "sick-out" two days in a row. Numerous districts have had to close schools for two days running because more than 40% of their teachers called in sick in protest. Thousands of children are having their education neglected by their own teachers so that those teachers can go demand more special treatment at taxpayer's expense (and claim it's for the kids!).
We have a mission here. We did not come to reinforce the madness that we once believed in. Let us not forget the goal that we accepted. It is more than just our happiness alone we came to gain. What we accept as what we are proclaims what everyone must be, along with us. Fail not your brothers, or you fail yourself. Look lovingly on them, that they may know that they are part of you, and you of them.
Labor and New Media
The 1990 season was incredible, but don’t forget all those terrific teams he had in the 1970s and 1980s. A few of those squads were just a break or two away from being DVD-worthy themselves (the 1982 team in particular).
I've been spending quite a bit of time in the garden - it's looking a lot better for some TLC! Now at least you can see the lovely things happening with spring coming:
It made for a great start to the day for us all. Not sure what I am going to do for tomorrow yet but I am sure I will think of something. I am finding a little kindness goes a long way.
If you happen to have a round-up post of your favourite blogs from the day, please let us know. Claire from OT on Wheels put together Archives of tweets for the hashtags #BADD12 / #BADD / #BADD2012 whilst @spiegelmama created a Storify of the day
twelve.point.nine.eight.million people
We turned.
Dianne explained that she had forced all of those emotions on me to see if I could read them and reproduce them. Dori had to be there to see what would happen because that’s how her gift works. And Dori told me that what I felt for Benji and Josh had to be byproducts of what others around me had felt for both of them.
3) Ernie. He’s been my favorite Sesame St. character since I was a kid. For many of the same reasons I love Gerald, in fact. He’s lively, optimistic, fun, and funny. He’s inquisitive. Even if he’s annoying Bert or bothering his neighbors, he’s trying to make life better for them. Plus, he has a band of counting sheep. Does it get cooler? I still remember the mummy skit. It still scares the heck out of me. Ernie is where it’s at.
Aarti: Yes again! It even happens within the same chapter. Morgan makes clear at the start of the chapter on Polk that many historians consider him to be one of our best and most effective presidents (this completely floored me). But then in the same chapter and in later chapters, he makes clear that HE doesn’t like Polk, and then in the Trist chapter talks about how it’s unbelievable that Polk got so much done considering how paranoid and bizarre he was. I think Morgan inserted himself into the narrative of his stories and biographies a little too much. He wasn’t
They offer simple, low-cost access to an asset class without any of the hassle normally associated with property investment. They also offer access to projects that would not normally be open to ordinary investors. Let’s take a closer look at the benefits…
To make it even more interesting, I made it double sided so that it could be viewed from all sides. It also is in separate pieces so it can be tied together in any order or any amount of sections and the little rosettes just tie into the knots between each panel.
Then, Marda at Show your Cake also left me a comment wanting to feature my cake in her blog too. Wow!! It's an AWESOME accomplishment for me and hopefully I can keep up and create more beautiful treats.
I'm not going to specifically tag anyone, but invite you to take this meme on, in either its original or modified form.
Soy Milk replaces Whole or Low Fat Milk.
“please kill me! i want you to stab me right now! i’m such an asshole!”
Thank you for finally going away from my body after stagnantly lingering for over two weeks. I can now officially claim that I have lost a total of 20 pounds. You have truly frustrated me for two weeks. Please don't ever come back.
This recipe uses 3 cups of packed fresh basil, so this is a great way to trim your flourishing basil bush. It also freezes well. I put tablespoonfuls into each compartment of an ice tray and made pesto cubes. Once frozen, I placed all the cubes in a freezer bag. Freeze several batches throughout the summer so you can have fresh pesto during the winter months.
Estate – A council estate is an area of social housing provided by the local government. About to be abolished by current British government as far as I can see. But you can also have an estate of private housing.
Since 1931 when Ernest Raymond Beaumont Gantt aka Don the Beachcomber set up the first tiny tiki joint in Hollywood, this kitschy culture has been injecting a bit of South Pacific fun into cocktails and given birth to some of world’s most notorious rum based drinks like the mai tai and the Zombie. Tiki style bars and drinks have experienced a resurgence over the past several years with hotspots like PKNY (New York) and - my favorite - Smugglers Cove (San Francisco) garnering international attention for their transcendent tiki drinks. This month Paris has finally taken to the trend with its first dedicated tiki bar: Tiki Lounge.
During one of his teaching sessions he decided to do an experiment with his students. He split the young undergraduates into four separate groups around the room — four distinct sections of guys and girls. Half of the groups were told to describe what they looked for in a ‘good date’ while the other half wrote down the attributes they looked for in a ‘Mate’ (the person they wanted to marry).
Like most things, this confection has an interesting history. As a 2006 Ottawa Citizen article reports, “The butter tart was a staple of pioneer cooking. According to Toronto food writer Marion Kane, one of the earliest recipes dates back to 1915. There are a few theories on the origin of the butter tart. Some believe the butter tart is related to the pecan pie brought to Canada by American slaves. It’s also similar to Quebec’s sugar pie.” A 2010 Toronto Sun article goes further: “Toronto culinary historian Mary Williamson, serious collector of historic cookbooks and butter tart sleuth thinks not, and has revealed a very plausible link to Border Tarts from southern Scotland, origin of many 19th century immigrants. The Border Tart filling often contains dried fruit, sugar, eggs and butter – all ingredients our largely rural population would have handy, most from their own farms. She has also sourced the first written reference in a 1900 cookbook compiled by The Women’s Auxiliary of the Royal Victoria Hospital in Barrie. The recipe was labelled (sic) simply, ‘A filling for tarts’.”
6. I have had the same 3 best friends since I was 15.
life would be like a smoothly paved straight flat road to nowhere,
In addition to seismic exploration, MMOs can also be required during oil rig decommissioning where oil platform pilings are removed by the use of explosives, marine construction projects, and military testing of new sonar systems.
the Cat.
Speaking of accomplishing things I have been meaning to have a small give away. I have a small pile of OPKs and HPTs that I won't be needing. Does anyone out there want them? They don't expire until 2014 so even if you aren't planning to ttc for a while they will still work. Leave me a comment if you want me to send them your way.
She has also insisted that the cost is manageable — about €3 on the price of a round-trip ticket between Brussels and Washington, or about €4 for a round trip between Brussels and Beijing.
In addition to the FaithWords blog, Jane will also be appearing at various other blogs around the web this week to celebrate her book’s release. Follow #butternutcreek on Twitter or follow Jane on Twitter or Facebook to see everywhere she visits. If you review the book or have Jane stop by, please leave us the link!
1 lime (zest finely grated off and flesh reserved)
This is one dream that I do not want to come true.
The problems on each page are mixed so the children do not assume that the solution process is the same each time, but have to understand the problem. They are varied in their complexity and are presented in a meaningful, age-appropriate manner with topics the children will find relevant. Each chapter contains six lessons, one for each half term. There are three differentiated worksheets in each chapter, making it easy to use the book in a mixed-ability classroom.
On January 12, 1740, the Empress Maria Theresa gave birth to her third daughter, Maria Carolina, but sadly the child only survived a year and thirteen days. Three months after the death of the little archduchess the empress delivered a baby boy, Joseph. As the oldest son he was destined to rule, an idea he grew up to love, not dissimilar to his mother. Like his mother also, he seemed to inherit her gumption.
The ‘How’ we achieve that is up to each and every one of us who choose to take up the fight on behalf of animals. There is no right way or wrong way. As long as it doesn’t harm animals, humans or the environment, how can a tactic or method be not-vegan.
I am also getting a sense from the rudram and the sri sUktam .. but those are the subjects for another day.
The donation came with a small proviso: Palm was to be provided with a small room next to the UT library, meals, and a job as Assistant Librarian, and so, until his death in 1899, Swante Palm and five assistants worked processing and cataloguing the books he’d spent his long and busy life collecting.
Quilling tools for shaping flower
High divided to the nations their inheritance, when he separated the sons of Adam, he set the bounds of the people according to the number of the children of Israel.”
This is the fron of the card:
Everything can change over night.
And an uncle told the Montana Board of Pardons and Parole that 30 years was too long to wait for justice. William Talks About said the victims’ mothers never got to see justice done before they died.
Dessert was a disaster. I made some ice cream/sorbet you had to put in an ice cream maker. The recipe was large so I cut it down. Well, it tasted like ass. It called for the zest and juice of one lemon, yogurt, no sweetener (I added a bunch of Splenda just because), mix it all up and put it in the ice cream maker. Okay, seems easy enough. Well, the zest was overwhelming and I am convinced there is no chance of me getting scurvy anytime soon. It was so bad even my husband would not eat it. I cannot give you any reason for my eating it other than I was not going to let it get the best of me. I ate my serving, puckering the whole way.
*these can also be baked in a 400 degree oven on a baking sheet for 20 minutes or until cheese is melted and bread is crisp on the outside.
About Guitar Center
Ham and pineapple kabobs, Vanilla yogurt with strawberries, cucumber flowers and orange bell pepper strips with hummus for dipping, and a sesame stick for a treat. The containers with the hummus and the yogurt both have lids and they fit snug in the box.
My effort here is far more parochial, advising how to create a novel that is as important to its creator as it is to the potential reader. Above all, the reader must be engaged, from beginning to end of the writer’s effort. I am assuming, of course, that a pipeline from storyteller to story reader exists. Constructing that pipeline is a related subject that will be dealt with in another time and place. My website is a prime example of finding an alternative road to readership.
~ Isaiah 11:1-2 ~
Couponing has become a burden also. Because I can't stop doing it. It's a pain, it's time-consuming, and I absolutely cannot bear to pay full price for anything.
THE POP COP: You've made our favourite album of the year. Is it your favourite Sigur Rós album?
And, apparently, our plucky, portly little pal, Punxatawny Phil did not see his shadow, which means there will not be six more weeks of winter! Huzzah! I'm sure that makes you guys in the northern tier of the nation feel better, right? That two feet of snow? Didn't happen. Flowers should be blooming any moment now.
Two barren months had passed when it came. “I’m sorry.” It seemed I had waited a lifetime. “I tried to not write. If I don’t hear back from you, I’ll understand. Although, please understand I will have no choice but to write again.” He was a young man of his word. Three weeks later the next email arrived. Less patient, it was only one week after that I read the third. “Please,” is all it said.
In the first week of the new year the distance between us was too much for me. It made me angry. I wanted to poke him and force him to pay attention to me, to notice how much was wrong. I felt like I was encased in an opaque glass box where I was flailing and screaming but nobody could see my pain. I can remember sitting on the couch half watching something on TV. He was doing his usual thing, sitting at the table with his laptop playing endless games of solitaire. I longed for him to be beside me, cuddling like we used to, half watching something and talking. Still a bunch of nothingness but at least we'd be doing it together. I clearly remember wanting to get up, walk over to him and shake him. Shake some sort of sense into him I suppose. His attempts to reach out to me never seemed to happen at the right time. We were so NOT in sync with each other.
A huge thank you to Ashley today for having me...
When I think of how often I let my mind slip into another dimension when I should really be listening and learning, I'm reminded of Romans 10:17. "So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God." If I had approached that church service with the attitude of gleaning all that I possibly could from God's Word that night, just maybe God would have given me the exact answer I needed for my problem.
PS. Enjoy this clip about geocaching from the movie Splinterheads.
from behind
Solomon received the gift of a wise and understanding heart from God, and he became famous for this gift. So it has always amazed me that, in spite of all of his wisdom, we find that, in the end, Solomon's judgment failed him. "Now King Solomon loved many foreign women . . . from the nations concerning which the Lord had said to the people of Israel, 'You shall not enter into marriage with them, neither shall they with you, for surely they will turn away your heart after their gods'; Solomon clung to these in love. He had seven hundred wives, princesses, and three hundred concubines; and his wives turned away his heart. For when Solomon was old his wives turned away his heart after other gods, and his heart was not wholly true to the Lord his God, as was the heart of David his father." (1 Kings 11:1, 2-4)
Abby smirked. "Must be pretty boring."
2) Cream 2 tablespoons of flour into softened butter in a large bowl. Beat eggs in small bowl. Add sugar and combine with flour and butter mixture.
Restoring that relationship became God’s top priority. So God made covenants with people like Abraham and Noah, Moses and David. In those days a covenant was a binding legal agreement. Covenants were sealed with blood. Each party had to keep their end of the bargain. There were lists of ‘blessings’ each party would enjoy if the covenant was kept and ‘curses’ if the covenant was broken. Deuteronomy 28 lists the blessings and curses for the covenant God made with Moses.
children mostly get infected by these parasites, when they mingle and play with other children who may have them in your hair. Their eggs, additionally known as nits, are even less clean and slightly brown color. Since adult lice are immune to chemicals, from time to time it works well to go the old fashioned way.
startled me
This was as far back as I could place this very beneficial food. In Hebrew, almond means "diligence" and happens to be the first tree of the year to flower in Palestine. The ancient Israelites valued the nuts for food and the oil when pressed. Along with olive oil, almond oil was used for burning in lamps and ceremonial oils. Through out Jews customs you will see the almond branches, flowers, and nuts being used.
I’ll have it by some time on Monday, for sure (unless I’m hit by a bus or something), but I’ll try for earlier. I just didn’t want you all to think I’d dropped dead or something, since rarely a weekday goes by without me posting something.
Then I entered seventh grade, where my real education began. I learned that without a Calvin Klein label, my jeans were inferior. I learned that shirts acceptable for public wear required a tiny Izod alligator. I found out I was not one of the cool kids. And I got braces... to complement my glasses.
And Shu wins. He saves the day.
The world has gone bizzaro on me. Its been turned upside down and I'm a mess. Listen to this....they've rearranged my Target. That's right, they've rearranged it. I know...it ain't right. Kitty litter is now in among children's clothing, picture frames are over by the tennis racquets, and I have no clue where to find the panty liners anymore. Perhaps they're in with the snicker bars. I have no idea because THEY REARRANGED MY FRIGGIN' TARGET AND I CAN'T FIND ANYTHING! I'm not sure how I'm going to function properly anymore.
Often the most striking difference is the motivation and desires of the main characters. A fairy godmother didn’t show up to give Cinderella a beautiful dress just in time for the dance. She came to provide her with food. Cinderella, as it turns out, was starving to death. And the Little Mermaid didn’t want to become a human because a prince was waiting for her on the beach. She was distraught over the fact that humans can go to heaven when they died whereas mermaids became nothing more than sea foam.
Barbra Streisand was raised in Brooklyn.
Volume Manager Support Operations
DO NOT FLINCH!
emotions
Like a beautiful light that burns my eyes
"Malvolio's Little Bo-Peep."
The fact that the ANC had applied for leave to appeal against the restriction on singing the song in which the words "dubul' iBhunu" (Shoot the Boer) were used, created the impression the ANC supported this song's cruel message, FF Plus spokesperson Anton Alberts said in a statement.
Our Chief asked if a desire could be fulfilled as soon as it was expressed. Our hostess answered that if the desire were put forth in true form it would be fulfilled. She then went on to say that desire is but a form of prayer, that it was the true form of prayer which Jesus used, as his prayers were answered, that prayer which is always answered must be true prayer, therefore must be scientific and, if scientific, must be according to fixed law.
From the number of public comments submitted to USPTO (65), it is clear that the proposed IDS Rule is at least "significant" under EO 12866. From the contents of these comments, there is a prima facie case that the proposed IDS Rule has effects exceeding $100 million in any one year, and thus is "economically significant." USPTO did not perform a Regulatory Impact Analysis (RIA), nor did it disclose the basis for its determination that the proposed rule is "not significant."
for one lucky winner
Well, over the weekend I finished my buffet/ server but of course I forgot my camera cord to upload. *Dumb*
After Christmas, Dad would have to remove all the stale gingerbread men, and the red & green wreath cookies from the shelves. He brought them back home. He may have received credit for them from the company, or it may have been a loss he had to swallow. Whatever the case, they made a convenient snack, sitting unattended in the barn.
One of the groups in my class was an all-girl group, running a pretend lawn care business.
"I thought he was saying cute gibberish," Stan's dad said."I didn't know that he was speaking in a satanic language."
What a month it has been! I have been struggling to find the words to sum up the emotional roller coaster I have been through after completing our last chance IVF. It is surreal to me that this process, which has taken months to prepare for, is now behind us. As my husband and I went through this process, the world was caught up in its own emotional roller coaster, rooting and praying for the 33 miners in Chile who were trapped a half mile below the earth’s surface for almost ten weeks.
Okay, so here we go...
My Lords, it starts in April and May of 2009, with the alleged transfer to the United Kingdom, to HSBC of a sum of 5 trillion dollars and seven days later, in comes another 5 trillion dollars to HSBC, and then 3 weeks later another 5 trillion. 5 trillion in each case. Sorry. A total of 15 trillion dollars is alleged to have been passed into the hands of HSBC for onward transit to the Royal Bank of Scotland and we need to look at where this came from and what the history of this money is. And I have been trying to sort out the sequence by which this money has been created and from where it has come from for a long time.
Sunrise is on the right side of the jetty. For the early birds, get ready to point your camera in that direction. This is also the direction of Punggol Promenade and Punggol Point Walk.
While the largest parts and pieces of this "stealth" helicopter are almost assuredly crated up and on their way to Beijing right now, I'm not entirely convinced that that is such a horrific turn of events. There are a couple reasons for this.
* 1 ¼ sticks (10 tablespoons) unsalted butter, at room temperature
dentist–whomever–TIME CHANGE!
I love the advantage of truly professional editing. I also adore the fact that I was able to use my own cover artist, giving me full control of the creation of my cover. It’s really special knowing that what you see on the cover was exactly what I wanted- my cover artist worked with me to make my vision come true.
6 Cold Shot 4:05
Make-up: Aimi Duong (better than I ever imagined!!!)
Spring is in the air, we had thunderstorms over the weekend, but the Cardinals were
There are two predominant ways of dealing here in the United States. There is the culture of doubt, and there is the culture of dogma. Both are remedies to the problem of choice.
- Council surveyor Alan Dash notes site
It was the star of the garden so we knew we had to plant again. Our lives seem to be quite a bit busier this fall, and there was a bout of chicken pox at the farm that was keeping us from going with the kids, so we finally got our garlic in last week. We're so lucky with the weather this fall. Everything could be snow-covered by now, but we got everything in like it was a warm October day.
Tomorrow is Wednesday and a new working day. It would be very easy to get used to spending my days at a lesisurely pace with no pressure to get up at 05.30 in the morning and rushing to the tube and the office. These passed few days have indeed been heavenly.
A lot has happened since I last blogged here. Footlocker and NTN came and went. Reed Connor (The Woodlands) and Chelsey Sveinsson (Greenhill Academy) both made Texans proud at Nike Team Nationals. Jordan Hasay won her 2nd Footlocker National Championship over a loaded field while the controversial Soloman Haile (MD) took the boys title.
How was your Thanksgiving? If you did a Thanksgiving post, please leave a link in the comment section so I can come take a peek at your celebration! Tomorrow it's back to work, and I have a feeling this week is going to feel crazy long after having a few days off. But I'm counting down, because the Christmas season is here, and I get to see my family in less than a month. Eeek, I can't wait!
I would like to think Adventure Sports Journal rejected the last couple articles I submitted to them due to artistic differences. But the unfortunate truth is these last couple articles, to put it into literary terms, sucked.
Canson Bristol paper 9x12
You can't grow jackshit in Sand Land--aka Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Libya, Iran, Iraq, UAE and other desert wasteland oil depositories.
"Sarge, is it okay if I get my hair cut? Snack will watch the bubble for me. Is that okay?"
Located right in the heart of Dulan Village, just north of the old sugar factory, this place has quirky character.
If you have any questions, feel free to email me at mailto:heartsandtrees@yahoo.com. Please note, I currently DO NOT have Internet at my house, so it may take me a day to get back to you. Sorry for any inconvenience.
Dennis Cali, University of Texas at Tyler. Mapping McLuhan: How Media Ecology is Taught in College Curricula
In addition to the medal-winners, the Award Committee designated twenty-seven Notable Books of Jewish Content for 2011: thirteen in the Younger Readers Category, seven in the Older Readers Category, and seven for Teens. Notable titles, and more information about the Sydney Taylor Book Award, may be found online at www.SydneyTaylorBookAward.org.
In one year in office he has learned nothing or, if he has, the lessons have been dismissed as irrelevant to his mission of “transforming” a nation that is far more focused on just surviving the worst Recession/Depression since the 1930s.
This is true in salvation for the gospel of Jesus Christ is simple. Christ died for our sins. According to Romans 3:25 we are to put our faith in His shed blood and by God’s grace we are declared righteous. But here is where man begins to reason and bargain with God.
Please, do tell.
You probably know all this already. But when you encounter someone who has this my-own-culture-is-evil attitude, speak up and explain this concept. We need every ally in this fight we can get. Our culture of liberty and equality needs to be defended. As Robert Spencer said, "People who are ashamed of their own culture will not defend it."
Ok, so you have this beer in front of you. It has several flavors that you cannot quite pin-point. Or perhaps several flavors are blending to make it difficult to discern. You like/dis-like this beer because of that one certain flavor, but you can't describe it to someone else...or even yourself.
The job of dismissing Boobenstrausser was given to Smacker Ramrod, so the impostor would get his marching orders from the nearest thing we had to a real physician. Smacker went straight into his trailer and said:
Aliens recruit top, hip-cat scientists from around the globe to help save their dying planet. Thats it in a nutshell...it is'nt a Jesus allegory (Day Earth Stood Still)or a re-imagining of Shakespears-The Tempest (Forbidden Planet)..its just B-movie, sci-fi eye-candy that elevates itself above the other 50's sci-fi drek with its eye-popping colour,great sets charismatic aliens and of course 'the Interocitor'. Cal 'lantern jaw' Meacham first becomes aware of the interocitor when a book arrives at his lab entitled, Electronic Service, Unit #16. Inside is contained a bill of materials for the interocitor, describing it as, "incorporating greater advances than hitherto known in the field of electronics". From the specifications, Meacham opines, "There's no limit to what it could do. Laying a four lane highway at the rate of a mile a minute would be a cinch."...dig that crazy mixed up plumbing!!
So there you have them. Sequels that should never have been made, let alone watched, let alone shown, let alone considered entertainment. Oh there's more to be sure, and I may get to more of them someday, but for now, I need to lie down; that was a lot of pain to recall in one posting.
Doxie General Store - Purchase beds,blankets, harnesses and other hand made doxie-related items
The mission of Wounded Warrior Project (WWP) is to honor and empower wounded warriors. WWP’s purpose is to raise awareness and to enlist the public’s aid for the needs of injured service members,to help injured servicemen and women aid and assist each other, and to provide unique, direct programs and services to meet their needs. WWP is a national, nonpartisan organization headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida. To get involved and learn more, visit woundedwarriorproject.org.
You can test your actual poker skills and poker seitenusing a free online poker test. There are several tests which are now available. It consists of some multiple-choice questions, testing different poker skills areas. Anybody interested to play poker tried to climb the poker ladder during their lifetime, as they learn more and grow each poker skill. .
7 dr
This aerial picture of Mount Kilimanjaro looks like the villain’s base for the new James Bond film. The shot was captured by photographer Kyle Mijlof from an aeroplane window, as he flew past Africa’s highest point.Picture: Kyle Mijlof/Rex Features
Today I want to share a layout that I did for the My Minds Eye Challenge. Here is the sketch below.
each footfall is organic and precise
Side note,has everyone seen the How I meet Your Mother where Marshall talks about brunch??
Good Morning! I hope you're ready for another fun sketch because Kathy created us a fun one to work with. But before we get to all that, a HUGE thanks to Raisin Boat for sponsoring! We'll see them back again later in the year but don't let all that time go by before you visit their store. They are super awesome - I just got my next shipment and I CANNOT wait to play!
"No, I wasn't," he said.
Moving Mary
12. Peace Out 4.21 (48/56)
The package that genius is wrapped in doesn’t necessarily belie what is within but it is the duty of time to reveal that this genius— in whatever forms it takes—speaks to our body, mind and soul in many profound and challenging ways.
Cosmo Cricket Delovely patterned papers, chipboard, stickers.
Whilst I am not convinced that any one decade is musically superior to any other in the history of pop music, there is an undoubted freshness about the 50s, 60s (and possibly 70s) born of charting new unexplored territory that is difficult to replicate now. ‘I Can See For Miles’ has that new-born patina and listening to it even now allows you to feel it.
While some alumni do support the consolidation, most do not. In a September 6 position paper sent to the Board of Trustees, George Likourezos, president of the Alumni Association, called the process “stealth” and the terms “extremely one-sided in favor of NYU, and constitute a waste of Polytechnic’s assets.”
Sometimes depression hits hard.
Some days are just poopy days.
The recession, rising hay costs and irresponsible breeding are thought to be to blame for the rising number of horses being neglected and abandoned.
12/23/2010 BUY 0.02 xauusd 1375.96 12/24/2010 1384.66 +17.38
So, even if you discount all other allegations of fraud, deceit, and outright criminal activity surrounding the promotion and passage of the ordinance, then based only on the actual text that appeared on the ballot and was presented to the public to decide the question, what was “intended” is clearly not at all what we got.
It's concerning to think that industry might be leaving the borough while an influx of intelligentsia creates a real estate and development bubble in parts of the city within quick reach of Manhattan. Lauded areas of Brooklyn boom while others languish. How strong a bond is "cool," and how long does cool linger?
“God hath made that same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ.”
So knowing all this, what beers would THE Jesus Christ be most interested in if he were resurrected today? Here are a few guesses.
The strategy of the organization was to infiltrate their ideas into academia by organizing chapters in as many colleges and universities as possible. And organize they did. Walter Lippmann, later author and director of the Council on Foreign Relations, was the president of the Harvard chapter. Walter
We all know the crazy cat lady stereotype, a kooky character with too many cats and too few (human) friends. But is it generally true that if you can feel socially connected via your pets, you give up on human contact? It appears not.
makes sense...duh
Its time to go get your life. Do not lose another second of unfulfilled life. Blessings and Bliss are waiting for you to believe enough to go after it. Your destiny will begin moving towards you as you go forth believing. No longer talking, complaining, shrinking back because it “looks like” there are others more qualified. It doesn’t matter if you still need resources. If you don’t have enough support. If you started late. It doesn’t matter! Do it anyway! When you are called. When it was designated for you, nothing else is relevant EXCEPT you believing enough to show up and do what you do, how you were created to do it. Be true to yourself and your calling. All the other details will fall into place AS YOU GO FORTH BELIEVING with bulldog tenacity. So I ask you again, “Do you believe?” Bliss and Blessings!
While going through the museums of nizam, I got across a pic which looked familiar to me of black and white cinema era actress, Nilofar. Apparently she was married to the Nizam (That was a news to me).
Passion, fun, enjoyment – these things are contagious. If you’re living from them people can’t help but want to be around you. It shows them that they can trust their passion as well.
Even more devastating are the flash-kidnappings’ – targetting ordinary working-class people without access to expensive security and insurance firms to deal with: people who are kidnapped from their homes, forced to withdraw cash from a cash-point while relatives are held at gunpoint back home.
otherwise known as 'teaching to the test';
Gabriella is a talking machine now. She repeats everything we say and we really need to start watching our mouths. She runs around like a madwoman, loves to sing and dance (she can plie, and when we tell her to be a ballerina she puts her arms over her head and twirls), and is working on a couple incisors (I believe that's what they're called - the fang teeth?). She is such a joy and we adore her so so much.
For his first few seasons Marco struggled with dealing with his sexuality and navigating relationship waters. When he finally came out to his friends, his parents, and the school, there really wasn’t much more for him to do except dole out advice and develop a chronic gambling problem. He was hate crimed until a pre-wheelchair Jimmy saved the day and dated hockey stud and Paige’s big bro Dylan for a while. He was last seen as a student teacher and bearing a similar haircut to Astro Boy.
03.Succession
Shea tells us that it was "to gratify a pious desire pervading the whole United States," that "the Fathers of the Council petitioned the Sovereign Pontiff to ratify their choice of the Blessed Virgin Mary, conceived without sin, as Patroness of the United States, and to transfer the solemnization of the feast to the following Sunday."1
Baby Blue
Through this special offer from Purex, you could be reading hundreds of exciting articles published in O, the Oprah Magazine. Read about health, relationships, books and more! Sign up and receive a 1 year subscription of O Magazine for only $10!
14:30 – 15:30 Presley Johnson
1. It has precisely four ingredients, including the salmon.
Yes, it takes someone to trust. That’s where the chain of meanings merges: the primary meaning of confidence is Full Trust!
+Nice animations
Cream the butter, sugars, vanilla and eggs together. Add the dry ingredients except for the chocolate chips. Add last. Stir with a sturdy wooden spoon until everything is mixed well. Drop by teaspoonfuls on parchment lined sheet. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 10 minutes.
A smarter hat than me.
Anyone panicking yet???
How are your weeks going?
I know I have until fall and it doesn’t even make any sense why I would be worrying about school now but to me it does. The summer was always my break time and in the process a time to figure out who I was and try to mend myself. And unfortantly, mending myself became starving myself.
2. Saturday night I celebrated my good friend’s upcoming wedding with a wedding shower/bachelorette party of sorts. It was a intimate girls dinner held at a friend’s house and the theme was London, Paris and Italy as that’s where she’s headed for her honeymoon. We had dinner, wine, a lingerie party and lots of girl talk. Can you ever go wrong with those things?
As I have mentioned before in this blog, I have never been able to explain what I do. I wish someone could tell me.
For me, I will never forget the smiling faces of many old friends. I will never see again. But I know that my pain is dwarfed by the agony of the suffering families who lost one or more of their loved ones that day.
I really didn’t know what to expect, but I knew that just watching this aircraft take off was going to be exciting! Jay told me later that if this was the only thing that he had seen the entire three days, that the trip was definitely worth it.
4. Mix the phillidelphia cheese with the garlic and parsley and season (I also added chives and basil)
During testing I do one of my most FAVORITE units- poetry. I really wish that I did this unit earlier in the year because I think it helps out SO MUCH with word choice, but it seems like I never fit it in. I like to do it during testing since my kids are so fried and poetry is so much fun. However, it does fit in nicely since April is National Poetry Month. Over the next few days I will share some of my most favorite poetry ideas!
I think it goes without saying that a ____48 clone in each of these countries would be hilarious and freakin’ weird. Consider the cultural influences that would inevitably give each group its own unique homeland flavor:
A t-shirt business in Lexington, Kentucky has drawn the ire of critics after refusing to print shirts for the city’s annual gay pride parade. The company, called Hands On Originals, told parade organizers that its Christian beliefs are the reason that it has declined the Gay and Lesbian Services Organization of Lexington’s (GLSO) request.
Thank You for letting me share this experience with you, and if you know a border agent or any other person of service that's a good person, make sure to give them a smile or an extra hug the next time you see them.
One of the greatest pleasures in my life is having a daughter. I still remember when she was born. I secretly wanted a daughter, though I would have never said it out loud! Many of you will understand how that "secret preference" thing goes. She was born in the seventies. Those of us who came of age in the crazy sixties were determined to raise our girls as strong women who would have careers and the possibility of being president and our boys as sensitive souls who knew "it's all right to cry, crying gets the sad out. (Remember "Free To Be, You and Me"?). Katie* was dressed in overalls and very, very rarely in pink frills, in hopes of creating this perfect androgynous child.
Make sure your positioning and eyelines are consistent, as well as microphone placement.
Today we come together to focus our attention on a very special Prayer Registry child, Jacqueline Laws who passed on April 29, 2010.
We all have been through it at one time or another. We have all wanted to be cool. We have all wanted to be a part of the “In crowd.” We have all wanted to be the hero. Come on, don’t act like you didn’t. The problem is we have been sold a packaged version of cool. The cool you see in the movies, on television or up on stage. We have been sold an image of cool to get us to stand in line to get in a club, or go see a show. The cool we have been sold is a lie. It is a false sense of belonging. To be a part of something that is not real, and so fleeting we can never figure it out. The cool we are being sold comes and goes like the wind. You wake up the next day and it is over. But, how cool would it be to be able to fully know and operate in the truth?
One day you'd be there on that wall.
Well I'm having a quick play with all my baby stamps at the moment as you all know, & included in my baby range is this lovely stork from my favourites, Bugaboo.
When you add to 1 another 1 you come up with TWO ONES. However the 2 ones are now called TWO. Why? Because that is what we call two ones. We just call them TWO.
I have assumed that my children will "inherit" my love of reading and my ease in learning how to. I should know better since I'm a biologist and I know that genetics is far from simplistic. Geekygirl is five and a bit, and will not start school until this fall, as the American school system starts a year later than the UK. I started to get anxious that she would be late in learning to read. One of my friends kids, the same age, is quite proficient at reading already, her mum and grandparents having taught her themselves. I felt a twang of envy when I heard her rattle through her simple books. Geekygirl, though she loves books and being read to was not at all interested in learning how to read herself.
Barack Obama may not be a communist, but his embrace of communist rhetoric and though from the 1920s on technology causing unemployment and his class warfare rhetoric truly make him the most far left President we have had in this country. It also complicates his re-election.
William and I took a field trip after work tonight. I booked his birthday party at a fire station, but the coordinator said I should go there to see the community room and to get an idea of how many people it would hold. I thought William would love to get a chance to see the fire trucks and maybe even get a tour of the fire station. Unfortunately, we got there at a bad time. There were no fire fighters in sight to show us the trucks, and the coordinator showed us the community room and the parking lot, and that was it. I walked William around to the front of the fire house to peek at the trucks again, hoping someone would come out and let William sit in a truck. But no luck. We finally left to find a bathroom and somewhere to eat. Poor William!
Shanghai's leap into modernism is rapid and stunning. The famous buildings across the Huangpu River from the Bund have almost all gone up in the last 20 years. A whole highway system of raised four-lane expressways flies through the city at rooftop height. At some intersections they cross seven levels deep. Many of those motorways were built for the 2010 Expo held in Shanghai.
Hundreds of bunnies lay Easter eggs
There once was a young artist called Karou who drew tales of monsters and demons that delighted and enthralled those around her.
Extended multiple steps (as many as 5 or 6) in single problems
This is the point where I realize I’ve lived in an apartment far too long – I’m thinking of house centipedes in pet terms. Anyway, I told Andy to leave it alone since they eat all the bugs I hate – let’s see a puppy do that. They’re like natural pesticide (whereas puppies need to be litter trained and dewormed and stuff). As I was thinking about how I should take a picture of Larry lapping water so you all could understand his cuteness, Andy reported that he got him out of the sink and he ran under the stove (Larry, not Andy). Probably a lot to eat under there. Live well, darling house centipede, live well.
Recently Fannie Mae has taken yet other measures to ensure that the new mortgage applicant has the capacity to repay the loan. The following has been put into place for the application process...Quality Control/Due Diligence before the loan closes.
Stifle down with a mailed heel its palpitation,
"The visible world isn't the only world, and the writers of fairy tales and ghost stories, mystics and philosophers, have known that for centuries."
6) Washington DC
On writing about the composer's "sonic cosmos", Will Self addresses the perennial questions with which artists (whether writers, painters or film-makers) are faced: how much do I reveal about my unique inner world? And will this chime with the reader/viewer/listener? The answer is: you reveal as much as you like, or as much as your manager/publisher/agent allows you to; and you might or might not care one jot about what your future audience thinks of you work. Which, some of us might say, is almost career suicide.
types of beauty must be sought which do not clash with strong prejudices or desires on the part of future householders. This will often lead to a greater degree of openness in the spacing of the houses than from a purely architectural point of view might be desirable. But here again it may be possible, by grouping buildings, for them all to command a wider outlook ana have a more general sense of space than could be obtained by scattr them ; and it may easily be possible to reconcile those whose first idea would be to secure a detached house in the middle of its own plot of ground, to taking a house forming one of a group, if the grouping is so arranged that there is obviously a considerable gain in the matter of outlook.
I am singing now “Micheal rows the boat ashore..allalhulla”.
4. Because my teeth don’t glow.
The day I left Amway, I did not do it with intent to end all the friendships with my team and other people building the business around me. I did it simply because I saw better opportunities out there, where I could make an honest buck a lot easier and help my friends do the same. But after that day, I never heard from anybody in my upline again! We were all best friends when I was building and buying products every month but once that stops, the friendship kinda stops. Lol.
#732 - El Verdugo (1963) - (#344 on TSPDT) The highest ranked of Luis Garciá Berlanga's three films on the list, yet also my third favourite of these same three films (actually my favourite of the Spanish comic auteur's three list films was kicked off during the last update, but that is another complaint for another day). Still though, a quite funny tale of mishaps and miscreants galore.
My grand-nephew (and he is grand), had his first birthday. I can't believe it has been a year. I have watched him grow and love, love, love being his Auntie-Grandma. I made up that name because I kept telling people that I had a new grandbaby when he was born. Friends kept telling me that he wasn't really my grandbaby, so I started calling myself his Auntie-Grandma.
which you can see framed in the background.
These special cupcakes are actually steamed mantou with Angry Birds character on it. Yes the topping is made from coloured steamed bun dough. Do find out how I transfer this dark brown sugar mantou into cupcakes.
Datta. Dayadhvam. Damyata.
I'm also going to see Jeff Mangum, mastermind behind one of my favorite albums of all time: Neutral Milk Hotel's "In An Aeroplane Over the Sea."
So beat the clerks to the promised beer wells of Clerkenwell..
I feel like I kind of “popped” while in Hawaii. The picture was actually at the beginning of our trip. At the beginning of the trip I looked like I may have just eaten too much, but by the end I think I actually was starting to look pregnant. I need to write about this pregnancy. Soon.
Summer flits by so very fast, and before you know it, TECHknitting blog will be posting new material! For fall 2012, I've planned:
Ask yourself: when do they flower?
A week after Ryan’s boast, the bishops sent letters to Congress saying the Ryan budget, passed by the House, “fails to meet” the moral criteria of the Church, namely its view that any budget should help “the least of these” as the Christian Bible requires: the poor, the hungry, the homeless, the jobless. “A just spending bill cannot rely on disproportionate cuts in essential services to poor and vulnerable persons,” the bishops wrote.
There's clearly a lot of care and attention gone into the book as an object, something you hold in your hands, something tactile, something you'll want to keep and look after. The detailing extends to a subtle bit of embossing on the author's name on the front of the jacket, and even to the endpapers, where there's a nice stone effect instead of the standard flat colour:
Ages 10-14
Therefore we should recognise that person who was foreseen in Gods Plan and was, as those who were written from the beginning, in the Book of Life, already sanctified by God before the first Adam, Cain, Seth, Methusalah, Noach, Sem, Terah, Abraham, Isaac, Samuel, David, Jacob and others where born. Out of Abraham would come a whole generation of which would later come Jesus, out of whom the New Generation would be born.
Ummm thanks? LOL!
Basically, there will be this central bank not controlled by any one country that will suck down three trillion dollars in bad government debts that can never, ever be repaid. The countries that represent these debts will be locked in the exact same ZIRP system as the Japanese workers. That is, wages must always fall, systems must be starved until all inflation is eliminated and thus, the central bank has no ‘haircut’ so it can happily lend to bankers, money at ZIRP rates.
In the back of my mind
As my heart is full of love for this little girl and her parents, I can only wonder what she will look like?
4. Palazzo pants or culottes with tights. Just saying those two words make me nauseous. Let’s stop this fashion trend shall we. Please? thanks. If you want to wear pants, then wear pants. If you want to wear tights wear tailored shorts or a skirt. Let’s burn all remaining palazzo pants and culottes. Preach it.
Ranging from a portable studio that only comes out several months a year to a fully designed professional business workplace, the women in the book have found ways to live a creative life. Luckily right now, I have a separate space. Divided into work stations, there’s one for paper/book binding, one for painting, one for writing, and one for crafting. I’m ready to take my artistic ideas to another level. Ideas are becoming product lines, supplies are at hand, the piles of papers are dwindling. January is about organizing, but also about focusing, reinventing, and visualizing.
I should note that in 2001 election, AL won 40% of votes against BNP’s 41%.
Soon after this event, this blog comment is addressed to me: Political signs are every bit as much a fashion accessory as a pair of cute shoes. Both get appreciated by people with similar taste (and either mocked or ignored by everyone else). There the similarity ends, however, because my cute shoes actually serve a functional purpose.--and of course, as someone who has been physically threatened for carrying signs, I was completely dumbfounded by this comment. (I still am.) When was the last time she was fined for wearing cute shoes?
Saturday mornings just aren’t the same are they?
Greenore 8 year old Single Grain – 40% £31 rrp
It's all give and take.
I used to think I didn't like sweet potatoes. It might be because the only way I'd ever had them was mashed up and covered in brown sugar and marshmallows for Thanksgiving. Sounds like candy, doesn't it, so what's not to like? For me, it's a texture thing. I don't do well with mushy foods, which is why I'm not a fan of mashed potatoes either. I'm weird...I know!
which caught my eye with it's promise of Aji (Spanish mackerel). Aji is
I guess this shouldn't have come as a surprise to me.......
I remember in college I did Weight Watchers. I think at that point I was in the 180s. I always told myself that I would never let my weight get about 200. Well somewhere along the way I stopped paying attention, or stopped caring and by the time I got to AmeriCorps I was at 206. That was a huge shock for me! I’m pretty sure I burst into tears at the doctor’s office.
– She can’t stop smiling and she is very engaged at everything you say
In each mouth the whole bible of barley.
Colorado Convention Center, 700 14th Street, Denver, Colorado
I want the reader to experience, as much as is possible, what it feels like to ‘be’ my character. If I keep jumping out of their point of view and into an authorial voice with loads of objective description, back-story or telling, I not only slow the pace, I yank the reader out of my character’s head.
But there are few surprises in life and there is something so magical & special about not knowing and hearing the doctor say as I birth the baby,
Thanks so much for stopping in today.
Fortress Balham has been quiet for the last month, as long-suffering-Dilly has been jetting around the peripheries of Africa in her guise as consultant-of-choice to safari types and I divide my time between the wonderful world of retail advertising and the considerably more wonderful world of photographing the British butterflies.
She pushed and pushed and pushed some more. First, a white bag appeared.
I understand that Netflix’s runaway success propelled then into a space filled with deep pocketed competitors in the form of cable providers, telecoms, Google, Apple, Amazon, movie studios, TV networks and a slew of other companies all vying for a piece of the pie. I also realize that the company desperately needs cash to pay for the rising cost of content, and has to lower its costs (example postage) to survive and compete.
Eventually I found the hardpack and things improved. Picking up a bit of speed cleared the tyres, brakes and guards of the worst of the mud. Even the firm mud I’d rode on early posed little problem as I approached it uphill this time.
Christopher Stokes of Medicins Frontieres told them,
I don't understand: why it is hard to cure irrational fears when you know they are irrational
*Embellishments: Michael's Bridal flower (coloured with Wisteria Wonder); Kaiser Pearls
It's Jo here and this week I have the pleasure in hosting this weeks Allsorts Challenge.
The sedevacantist rightly sees the obvious contradictions between the modern Magisterium and the previous Magisterium and concludes that the seat is vacant and there are no validly ordained bishops. Because the sedevacantist insists that the Church's Magisterium is an absolute reality that is incapable of contradicting itself, they conclude it must no longer exist.
House Full, a live album recorded in 1970 at the Troubadour in LA, captures the band in peak form. This 12 minute long take on “Sloth” is even more beastly than the album version, with plenty of tense build-ups, jagged, downright frightening guitar improvisations, and apocalyptic drum rolls. Good stuff. Other highlights include a spirited version of “Matty Groves” (to this day their most popular song), a poignant take on the stately pipe song “Battle of the Somme”, and a goofy little exotica track, “Yellow Bird”.
I’m just excited for the opportunity to represent Fiore MMA. Marc has been a great friend to me, and I’m glad that we’ve had an opportunity to continue working together. Also, thanks to all of my training and sparring partners who have helped me prepare for this fight.
- Initial dispatch of several ships and cargo planes full of humanitarian aid and supplies, 6 search/rescue teams (500 personnel), and 265 Department of Health & Human Services personnel for emergency medical and aid support
Remember the Darwin Awards? They are said to be given posthumously to those whose irresponsible antics prevent them from continuing to pollute the gene pool.
From Basilisk by NM BrowneYou may be pleased to know the basilisk is defeated in the end by the positive power of love and the dragon.
It is easy to get psychoanalytic here, considering this is the stuff of Rauch’s own dreams and the structure of the image can be likened to the psychological framework of Sigmund Freud and Jacques Lacan. Can we not see the hidden room as the displaced object of desire -- the place that sings to us and seduces us, the place we always to pursue but never reach? The primal mother. The object of desire for Freud was always present but never overwhelming because of the strictures of the ego. The object for Lacan ultimately was the real, which we can never return to and never fully know. For both men, however, only in neurosis is desire manifest without restriction.
from Author:
One of the key figures in the city’s growing street-food frenzy is Deri Reed (above). He’s a local trader who works to bring better, more sustainable and ethical food to the Welsh public. You can’t step into a vegetarian restaurant without hearing his nickname – The Ethical Chef. During the week, Deri works on Blaencamel Farm in South Wales in exchange for produce to supply his stall at the Riverside Market in Cardiff. His is the first stall in Wales to be accredited by the Sustainable Restaurant Association (SRA) and it’s here that he becomes ‘The Ethical Chef’, cooking up food that is healthy (albeit the Beetroot and Chocolate Cake is a slice of gluttony), vegetarian and sourced within a 50 mile radius. Now he’s getting mobile. By travelling to his customers, he’s generating much less waste and emitting fewer greenhouse gases than if they were all to travel to him.
Taste: 5 (out of 5)
Caller: It happened a year ago, and I said okay once or twice.
TCL We noticed on your bio that you were a stylist for Philly Fashion Week 2010. How was that experience for you?
..."feel-good" measures, in support of an issue or social cause, that have little or no practical effect other than to make the person doing it feel satisfaction. Slacktivist activities include signing Internet petitions, joining a community organization without contributing to the organization's efforts, copying and pasting of Social Network statuses or messages or altering one's personal data or avatar on social network services.
I must admit as much as I love the children, and I really do, I do like to have some time for myself. I think what has been hard for me is that since we have had Ellie she has never really slept properly and it is sometimes quite hard! She would never go to bed and only started sleeping through the night at four and a half. We tried every routine and suggestion but nothing worked and we also had to endure the usual, "she wouldn't be like that if she were mine" and "leave her with me and I'll sort her out" comments! Well, she is twelve now and nothing has changed, she has to be in bed between 9.00 and 9.30 but she is still getting in and out of it at 11 o'clock. We thought our luck had changed with Lydia and Ben as they were angels and slept all night long, Ben started sleeping through the night at 4 weeks old! Just when we were thinking how lucky we were and nobody could sleep as badly as Ellie along came Max and the whole night time performance started again! He is three next month and he is getting better, he will actually go to sleep in his own bed but I think he has only stayed in it all night long about four times. He walks into our room in the middle of the night, says "Hi Mum, Hi Dad" and climbs into bed with us and having been through this once already and sleep being far too important for me to lose out on I let him stay there!
- 1 Cup plain Greek yogurt (do NOT substitute any other kind of yogurt but the Greek variety, if you need to subsitute something else, use sour cream).
All right people, after some drama at home, I decided to review some of the products of one of my personal favorite companies, TYPE MOON.
I'm sure if I did get an explanation from every student, each one would be as equally compelling as this one.
KRIS: Nooooooo.
If you want to run a car on water, you’re going to have to do something more than Stanley Meyer did, because if all you’re doing is separating water into the oxygen and hydrogen that it’s made of, then burning the hydrogen and oxygen to make water again, you’re never going to get any more out when it burns, than you needed to put in to separate them. You just go round in circles, and no work is being done.
The advert in today's Guardian is as much a promotion for the talents of Mr Holland as it is for this revolutionary piece of kit.
I was out early this Mother’s Day to pick up some hay from my favorite farmer. As I drove past his cows towards the barn, I noticed five or six very pregnant ones resting in a small circle in the pasture. Coming back, most had moved on to graze nearby, except for one of the cows, who had given birth in those few minutes and was gently licking her tiny wet calf as the baby wobbled over to begin nursing. It was the perfect reminder for me of the miracle of life.
Now on to crafting, this past weekend there where a few blog hops that I was able to participate in. I love hopping from blog to blog, so much talent. Well here's my project. Thanks as always to stopping by :-)
Seriously though, what would look better in our new home than those beauties?
We've temporarily disabled the transliteration feature until we sort out a few issues with the feature. Engineers are looking into this and hope to have the feature re-enabled shortly.
i've been off again from blogging. so what's new with that?! lol!
And music is always the avenue that reaches me in the strongest way…
So first we moved, and was without internet.
3. “June 4,” Falun Gong, and all groups who have been wrongly persecuted in the process of devoting themselves to China’s realization of democracy will be redressed and receive compensation.
She stood alone on the corner of 42nd and Madison, clutching her sable fur chiffon around her shoulders in one hand, and in the other her thumb stroked the band of her wedding ring: twisting the glistening diamond back and forth in the clouded moonlight. A taxi cab sloshed up to the curb beside her, and the window came down."Taxi?" The man asked with a smile, looking her up, down; and back up again.
There are two works in the ‘Fuckerflies” series
These old photos - the headers and a few family pictures - are from the farm in Vermont that we left in 1971. This photo is from the last Christmas on the place - after breakfast we looked into our Christmas stockings. Yes, even as adults everyone got a stocking full of goodies. We had toboggan rides in deep snow with a full moon and coming back into a warm house with freshly fried home made doughnuts. The presents were a deep pile under the Christmas tree. The brothers and sisters were young adults filled with the positive energy of their early twenties.
As much as automobiles are important to maintaining our way of life, our very lives are dependent on the trucking industry. The heavy concentration of our population in urban and suburban areas has been enabled by the ability to continuously supply food from farms and processing centers far removed. As we noted above, cities typically have a food supply of only several days available on grocery shelves for their customers.
Every effort to divert low-level cases from the justice system is a worthy experiment, in this writer's view, but it remains to be seen how well the idea works in practice, whether HPD uses it, not to mention what criteria will be used to decide that the "sobering center" is more appropriate than the jail. For homeless frequent flyers in particular I can see it becoming a tremendous boon. And it's good to see city leaders spending on diversion programs first instead of automatically sinking more money into the city jail. According to Moran, "The city stands to save millions a year if it can offload a substantial portion of its public drunkenness cases to a facility where the detainees do not have to be fed nor as closely monitored as they would be in jail."
When a government ‘prints’ new citizenships at a rate necessitated by mass immigration, it is attempting to create a new set of criteria for group membership. In effect, it is saying that the old criteria, evolved over a period of centuries, if not millennia, are to be rewritten by bureaucratic fiat, under cover of a smokescreen provided by meaningless boilerplate about ‘shared values,’ and ‘diversity.’ The timescale for this rewriting will be massively compressed relative to the initial evolutionary timescale, making gradual adjustment impossible. As this process advances, two things will become clear: the legal reality of the citizenship of the newcomers, and the utter incompatibility of at least some portion of them with the still deeply-entrenched membership criteria of the natives.
Decker responded, "In my ideal world, you would build only on the railyards. There would be no eminent domain. It would be three 25-, 35-story tall buildings, a central courtyard, New York typology... and I think you'd have a vibrant, active place." (Left unsaid was that an arena cannot be built solely on the railyard, and the scale of the project has been driven in part by the need to include affordable housing, which itself was needed to gain political support.)
And I must finish off with a Christmas layout!! This one was recently published in Scrapbooking Memories and I just love, love the photo of Miss Lily and I love my cluster of embellishments including the gorgeous chipboard swirls from 2Crafty
I wonder if any bottles still containing the now-ruined messages are buried in sand dunes along the coast? I would be interested to know the amount of messages sent and the amount of messages that made it to shore.
Everyone seemed to enjoy themselves, and GO must have had a wonderful time, because she SACKED OUT as soon as I put her in the car for the drive home!
Hey Everyone, I hope you all are enjoying this beautiful rainy. I know I’m not…lol
Your Next Bold Move - Ani Difranco
Last Saturday night we actually got snow in this part of Pennsylvania. We haven't had much snow this year (which has been wonderful) so this was one of the few mini storms we've had. We had dinner plans with my dad but rescheduled to Sunday and instead I made a Pioneer Woman dinner. I love watching her show on Food Network, so I decided to recreate the meal she made last Saturday for our Saturday night dinner.
“you should be out getting laid somewhere,
The mill fire, the second this year, coupled with already lean inventories helped push up the FLCP which has climbed steadily from a low of $252 in early November 2011. But the fire, the result of wood dust from the harvesting of beetle killed timber, also renewed focus on the longer term supply implications of the bug kill. One study estimates the British Columbia Interior timber supply could be reduced by one third over the next 20 years.
For my sins I look after the second-hand uniform cupboard at school. Whilst I love the accounting side of it – counting money and sharing the proceeds of sales between school and parents – I’m not so keen on the cupboard itself. I felt sick at the beginning of term when I opened the doors, imagine a jumble sale which has exploded. I decided that if I was to remain sane and do the job I had to restore order.
2. O may this bounteous God
Vanilla with vanilla buttercream
His assumption, of course, was that the royalty calculation would always be based on list price. But the books had been purchased from a major online retailer. When he contacted the staff at Dodgy to demand that they pay the full 50%, they gave him quite a reasonable explanation of wholesale discounts and net income. He wasn't prepared to accept this, though--not only because of his confusion about the meaning of "sale price," but because he was certain that "wholesale" meant "purchased in bulk," while these books had been bought one at a time.
Anyway, this free wi-fi deal only gives me 45 minutes to go online, and I’ve already taken up at least 10, so let me make this quick.
We want blue and cream to be your main colours on your projects. Below are our DT samples for your inspiration. Click the photos on the right to go to the girlies blogs to see how they were made.
First, I want to share HOW it is that I came to love to write. It was my Fifth grade teacher, Mrs. Gwen Hart from Brookstone School in Columbus, Georgia. Mrs. Hart took me under her wings to teach me that writing is the powerful key to communication. If it is success you want in life, writing is one of the many paths to take.
HORN...
Klobuchar (D-MN)
Well, I hope those who really need the assistance of good medical people get it without red tape considerations, and others who don't need it try not to tie up the system out of foolish paranoia or lack of other hobby. My avoidance is a public service because it frees up the resources for those who need it right now.
The Pub is just down the street from the Shangri-La Hotel ("the old ANA hotel") and also houses the Rocks Brewing Co.
--“3000 new parking spaces, which will “take cars off the streets.” (Not sure how much that helps.)
Like bombs bursting in air, the mighty Mercury awoke this week from its long sleep covering city hall to discover events that stirred the editor to publish two critical editorials.
I wondering why am I here to find you
Remember that annoying dialog that happens when an application crashes, that asks if you want to send a report to Microsoft? Soluto replaces that dialog with a cute little crash dialog that shows you a solution for the problem.
is nailed to the cross,
Make sure you check both Mad For Markers for the current challenge as well as Handmade Halo for some gorgeous new items.
And, okay, some of it might have to do with the fact that I’m leaving London for good this time, which is sort of unbelievable. London is familiar now, and change sucks.
The saving grace for me at this point is that I have absolutely no attachment to results in this event. I do not care one bit how fast I go, as long as I complete the race without walking. There is a certain freedom in that that I don’t have when I do a 5K. I am also really excited about sharing the experience with such an awesome group of people.
Some of you might recall my melancholy over the holidays regarding my singleness....not to worry, I'm still single....but, I've been pondering that a lot over the last few weeks and I'm considering my options.
BRIDGES CB, LIM W, HU-PRIMMER J, et al. Risk of influenza A (H5N1) infection among poultry workers, Hong Kong, 1997-1998. J Infect Dis 2002; 185: 1005-1010.
3:05 – King Edward VII Stakes – Fiorente (12/1) e/w
But look at it from another angle: how must the first set of locals have felt when they moved into the new estate and found a comfortable pub with soft furnishings, soft orange lighting and a lounge that looked out over a panoramic view of Halliwell’s ‘New Jerusalem’ and with the lights of the east side of Bolton twinkling in the distance. That isn’t a sarcastic comment. After a warm, dry house with a small patch out of grass out the front replacing damp Victorian terraces with outside loos, and (relatively) clean tarmac-laid streets instead of the cobbled setts the Spinners must have seemed like the icing on the cake, the tin hat, the final realisation that the long days of post-war austerity were finally behind them. Instead of beers from Magee’s and Walker’s they could drink a pint of keg Red Barrel that tasted the same every time and would never go off and was another facet of this modern world they suddenly found themselves in. Or they could head into the games room to the left of the entry for a game of darts or American pool.
“The income tax created more criminals than any other single act of government.”
Wills said a challenge would be to keep the skills and money in the country once these companies attained success.
Complaints over new financial regulations burdening Wall Street firms are a major reason blamed for the layoffs. Sit down with a hedge fund manager or a top trader and it won't take long before he or she grabs some spreadsheet that shows all the new rules and regulations coming out of the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill.
This somehow tied into NEA panels with himself, John Baldessari and Elizabeth Murray. This part of his argument made very little sense.
You amaze me everyday! I love to see you grow and change but it makes me sad at the because your not my little dependent baby any more your growing into my independent toddler! That's crazy to me! Esp. since right around the corner your going to be two, 2, T-W-O. Still trying to wrap my mind around that! To think I JUST got use to you being ONE! And now your another year older, wiser, crazier, more YOU. Don't ever let anyone change you, and your love for life, fun & laughter. Esp. the little things like you playing with a balloon, you could of played with it all night if we let you but you know you had to go to bed. If not we both would of been not so happy. But I love seeing you with your sissy, you play so well together and how you just plain love her! It warms my heart that you get to have a sister and now a forever best friend. I love you forever more! My crazy, active,toddler of mines! Mommy Loves you dearly!
Place the flour in a shallow dish. Lightly dredge the chicken in the flour and set aside.
My TBR is so not as bad as most, but it feels like a ton for me since I never used to have a TBR pile more than about 10 books until I started blogging. In total I have just under 200 books to read, not counting the books I'm expecting in the mail. The majority of those books are on my Nook though, so it could be worse.
Turns out that aeons ago some crazy autobot tech crash-landed on the moon and it was this which sparked the Space Race. When Optimus Prime (Peter Cullen, who btw is the voice of EYORE!) finds this out, he’s kinda miffed that he was kept in the dark but eventually becomes all smiles again when Sentinel Prime shows up. But, as Elmer Fudd would say, there’s something skwewey going on round here.
"You bring us that pizza, or else!"...)
I have no money, so won’t be giving any away as payment. Sorry, wish I did have money for you. Hell, I wish I had money for me.
Here are some WIP pics. I thought the hull to be heavy enough with lots of ballast and a thick keel to balance the complete weight of the sails and masts: I was wrong. At least the sides don't soak through, three layers of varnish and three layers of paint secure that well enough.
(Our family room before we made some big and very necessary changes to it. More pictures to follow.)
Sharing my passion with like minded individuals does indeed increase my happiness. To listen to your feedback, an opportunity to interact with you through questions, and just general friendly banter online has become such a highlight in my life. Let me put it this way, if the net went away overnight, I'd be at a total loss.
Jaimi
While it is a sensitive subject, awareness is key in preventing the continuance of these crimes. Herzig encapsulated the event’s message by saying, “If we’re not talking about the issue, we’re not solving it.”
pero no quebranta el vidrio.
And now for my report. I did not finish everything I set out to do yesterday, but this doesn't bother me nearly as much as it might because I did two other things, which I'll show you below. I didn't finish sticking the little labels on the floss drawer slots--that proved to be just as hideous as I feared: the little labels began to come off of the things I wanted them to stick to and adhere themselves to things (socks, the couch, various cats) that I didn't. I think some were lost. I did, indeed, have some duplicate slots--in the pale blue drawer, for instance, and also in the purple--there's no real line where one ends and the other begins. And of course I can't keep track of them all--there are what? 454 colors of this stuff? It would be a simple matter of finding the duplicate when I didn't have the appropriate label--that would let me know I'd already used it somewhere else--except for the fact that some of those were not used somewhere else but were carried off on the bottom of my foot. Or a cat's foot. Who knows? So I finally gave up on that for the evening--I have to finish today, as it's nagging at me.
I created this simple layout using the My Memories Digital Scrapbooking software. All of the elements I used for this layout came from a kit from My Memories. Below is a link to the kit for you to download and use yourself -- Free!
I am intensely not-nesting. My refrigerator is a frightening, ugly beast and my baseboards need painting, windows washing, surfaces dusting. The dog hair has come together in whispering masses, chuckling and scuttling under couches and chairs. My bar stools are losing their padded feet and my hardwood is scarred.
I wanted to explain my absence. I have a very full plate to say the least. I was doing all I could for the BLM community to bring peace to hurting families. Im proud of the work I have done and I do it all in the name of my sweet Genesis. Having said that though, I felt that I had got to a place where now I felt like I needed someone to come and comfort me. I was not focusing on my own journey through grief and I sort of lost myself in the process of helping others. Who am I to try to help others when I can't even help myself? I felt I needed to step back for a while. Take a break from it all. I have been mia on Facebook as well and even put the Etsy shop on vacation.
Vanilla essence- 1/4 tsp
but in knowing about the experience of others,
On the one-year anniversary of my Dad’s death – the day, I had decided, that our “year from hell” would end – I found myself in the Intensive Care Unit of the UCLA Medical Center with an inert person, the leukemia sufferer, who could have died in my arms and it would not have surprised me one bit.
Fetuses, infants, kids and teens
We had many long, deep, philosophical conversations which I just loved. Never tired of hearing what he had to say or the challenges he gave me. I ended up life coaching with Peter for almost one year, he had stopped doing the life coaching as a business, but did for a few private clients.
A brunette with green eyes with simple tastes.
Anyway, getting beyond that, the film presents a rather sweet and reasonably intelligent view of how two people get along and do not get along in equal measure, using a supporting cast of comic stock types to shore up the realism of the central pair - a trick that has been used in other Apatow family comedies, but works exceptionally well in this case. It helps matters immensely that Blunt and Segel have crazily good chemistry with one another, and convince us of what is, ultimately, the only thing the film truly needs to work dramatically: that Tom and Violet have not only passion but also comfort and familiarity with each other; there is a lot of little business that implies all of the off-screen romance they've had, and this is vital given that, unlike most American romantic comedies, the quirky "getting to know you" material is left out, save for flashbacks to the night the couple met that are incorporated into the first ten minutes rather energetically.
D.H: I saw it...Manning sacked twice, and too far out for a field goal attempt...Giants kick it away. Tom: Hey, Audi has a headlight commercial with Vampires partying. Cool, kill 'em all! Elton John gets the big heave ho in a Pepsi ad.
Mine didn’t look exactly like the picture in the book so I renamed it “Birds Nest Cake”. This is because the cake ended up looking slightly untidy with a crater in the middle that I filled with Cadbury’s mini eggs. The original recipe had really classy looking mini white chocolate eggs in the middle but I couldn’t find any of those in the shops. So the little pile of coloured chocolate eggs had to do – and looked quite cute.
How dare you put a pissy couple of dollars profit in front of the needs of a customer ?
At the same time as Minardi made her claim a mystery caller to a missing persons programme on Italian TV said the riddle of Emanuela’s kidnap would be solved ‘if De Pedis tomb was opened.’
No longer are people forced to spend time in draughty exhibition halls decorated with tired looking bunting. Today’s events are glamorous, slick affairs that exude the confidence that the property industry has in its products and reflect the high calibre of the exhibitors and their representatives.
But that's always the way: the innovators tend not to have
As most of you know from past stories I’ve told, Ben is notorious for having to go to the bathroom at the most inconvenient times. Every single time we go out to eat he has to go #2. It never fails. The minute I start bagging groceries at Winco he ALWAYS has to go. Standing on 2nd base during his baseball game he starts doing the dance. Basically if there’s not a toilet in a 5 mile radius you can bet that he’ll need one.
1136 **D-IV/24/1992. “The Legislation of Morality and the Law of Abortion.” Law and Morality Panel, A Conference on the Roles of Church and State in Forming the Character of Americans. (With Hadley Arkes, Glen Thurow, and Christopher Wolfe.) The University of Dallas, Irving, Texas. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6), above, pp. 476-84.)
Down on the Farm — novelette, set approximately 2 years after Pimpf. Collected in the short story collection "Wireless".
Light soya sauce, 2 tablespoons
If you really want to immediately improve your financial situation, cease from paying the full price for anything. Stop loyal purchasing of certain brands and buy whatever you have a coupon for. If you always buy Purina Cat Chow, but this week’s online coupons has a coupon for Fancy Feast, you might be able to get the Fancy Feast for less than the Cat Chow for once.
streets smoking dope and getting in gang fights. But in a moment of self-destructive behaviour intent on “punishing” his parents, Peter shoots up some drugs and watches as the moon starts to burn. Then he stumbles into his sister’s room where he starts to tell her two bedtime stories… bedtime stories that focus on death, mutilation, a serial killer, a psychopathic priest and the bowels of Hell!
The sweet ladies of Baby Lifestyles approached me about designing a custom nursery for multiples. I've never done a nursery design for twins and I have to say, it was quite fun! In addition to needing to think through all the items you need two of, I enjoyed the added challenge of trying to do it on a budget (you know that's how I roll!) Double cribs and of course double the comfortable seating were in order.
Team News
My parents arrived just after noon, and we were all starving and ready for lunch. When it comes to most things in life, I am pretty indecisive. I had known for a couple of days that my parents were coming for lunch, but my decision as to where to go was not made until my parents had actually arrived. My decision was to eat at a restaurant called Taste.
Yesterday three women met for a cup of coffee. Let the record show there was housework to be done, meals to be planned, after school activities to manage but these three women met, in spite of these demands, to connect with one another, to share personal experiences with the hope that by doing so others’ lives would be enriched, and that by giving, they might, if they were lucky enough, get something in return. Something that would help ignite their own self worth, something that would reaffirm their place in the world, something that make them feel alive again.
Magic is also finely intrincated throughout the book, although it was too little, in my opinion. I wanted to know more about it! Since the next book, which I'm obviously planning to get my hands on soon, is titled Magic Study, I don't think I'll have to worry that much. The only downfall of this book was that it didn't invest me emotionally. I'm blaming a reading slump or something along those lines, because the story itself was very original and sweet.
I'm pretty sure I prayed to be raptured up after this.....
Authors who've attempted to contact Ms. Dayan about the problems say they've gotten a raft of excuses--financial difficulties, personal and family ill health, religious holidays, trips out of town--along with repeated promises that schedules would be straightened out and monies owed would be forthcoming. As of this writing, none of those promises have been fulfilled. Authors tell me that Ms. Dayan has largely stopped responding to questions and concerns; some haven't heard from her since October.
The cause of our redemption by Christ is to be found in the Lord God Himself and in Him alone. This fact is as plainly revealed in the Word of God as the noonday sun. Yet, it is a fact that is as precious as rubies, as sparkling as diamonds, as deep as the mines from which they come, and as profound as God Himself to those who are enabled by grace to behold it. The cause of our redemption by Christ is and must be found in the love, grace, mercy, and purpose of the triune God.The redemption of our souls by the precious blood of Christ originates in, rises, and flows to us from the everlasting love of God for us (John 3:16; Romans 5:6-8; 1 John 3:16; 4:9-10, 19). The cause of our redemption, the original source from whence it springs and flows is the everlasting love of God for His elect. Indeed, this is the source and spring of every blessing of grace: election and adoption, the new birth and effectual calling, and redemption, justification, sanctification, preservation, and glorification (Ephesians 1:3-6).
“To err is human, to blame someone else shows management potential.” I do not know who I stole this quote from, but I did so for a reason. This is pure unadulterated truth. This is part of what needs to change. And this is a lesson that is good for everyone – it is not just a business problem.
The second half gave us the opportunity to hit back early. Downing crossed from the right and Carroll somehow contrived to miss the target with a header from around six yards out. It was a shocking miss, a howler, all he had to do was get it on target and it signalled the warming up of Bellamy and Kuyt. Just as I was beginning to think it might not be our day we got the break we just about deserved.
Just wanted to let you know my second blog is up and going every day ! I am back in the swing of P90X and fitness and counting calories! You can check out my results and how I'm doing with every thing Fitness!!!
“You get used to it,” one colleague says, following a nasty death sequence.
Man I LOVED those tacos. I remember one occassion where I ordered and ate five of them. The oily crunchy shell, the mystery filling, the melted rubbery 'American' cheese and that salsa. I always asked for extra salsa and they were always piping hot.
The “social conservative” agenda of hardworking lower middle class Americans (3) has been hijacked by the wealthiest and most powerful Americans to serve their purpose (4) of controlling and pillaging (5) the nation until we are bankrupt (6) and enslaved by the tyranny of wealth and privilege. I’d say exactly like France in 1788.
So I suffer with his displeasure for the moment. Frankly, I'm happy. I'm feeling better, and his business is collapsing so fast, there's more or less no work anyway.
Being a national trail, the path was well marked. When in doubt on a national trail, one need only follow the white acorn, which is always posted on signposts, stiles, kissing gates, and other places along the path.
And I didn't manage to leave myself behind this time either.
Here's the thing. I like to fit a lot into my life. I like to take advantage of the opportunities I have to meet people, go places, experience things. I think that's a healthy approach to life.
The big bamboo piece in the middle was my final project for my Drawing I class in college. It is my most favorite thing I have done, so I was proud to have it front and center in the gallery wall. Love how the bamboo ties in so nicely with the Chiang Mai pillows...so chinoiserie chic!
The path to the overlook was almost absurdly labyrinthine, winding through dimly lit off-roads and indistinguishable clumps of suburbia. As we traversed the narrow side streets leading up the hill, we began to notice road blocks and flashing lights. It was mere seconds before we happened across an intersection that was cordoned off by police, where through the red and blue we could make out the figure of a body on the ground covered by a sheet, with a mangled bicycle lying nearby. The scene was obviously fresh: We could still see the remnants of the accident all around. I had never seen a recent death in such close proximity, and the image seared itself into my memory. We quickly turned and found an alternate route, remarking upon the odd circumstances that had brought us to such a scene. The overlook proved well worth the trouble, providing a beautiful view of a small burg nestled under looming mountains and a starry sky, but its majesty was tainted by the bizarre events that had preceded it. I found out later that the accident had actually involved two cyclists, both of whom were killed by an elderly woman driving under the influence of barbituates and morphine. The destruction she had wrought had provided me with one of the strangest and most ineffable sights of my entire year.
One of my friends Jo-Ann suggested that I revisit Taki in Novato as she'd been this spring, amidst a lot of reconstruction chaos and found that the restaurant was going out of its way to give great value meals.
배주연(Bae Ju-yeon)- guitar
When monsoon trees are in blossom, the blossom is usually massive! Right now is a good time to admire the Golden Shower, Cassia fistula. It is a monsoon tree which demands a long period of drought for perfect blossom, i.e. thousands of flowers and no leaves. Specimens that grow near ponds or canals, or trees which get irrigated, usually develop a lot of leaves which hide the majestic blossom. This tree has been selected as the National tree of Thailand. I believe this is a clever choice, as it forms flowers during the Thai New Year (April 13), and the colour (yellow) is the colour of the King. It is also good that the Thais selected a native tree, not a foreign garden ornamental like Plumeria obtusa (South-American frangipani) which is the national tree of Laos. Quite a poor choice, actually.
It's a lesson in human resilience to watch these little beings grow and change over the course of a school year. I've worked at every grade level but the last few years have been focused on second grade. Second graders arrive in September at age seven little, scared, and excited, still carrying first grade anxieties about being full time students but ready to be "big kids" if given half the chance. They come equipped with already strong personalities that suggest nature as well as nurture plays a huge part in who and what they will become. By the end of second grade they read more confidently, write in complete sentences (hopefully), have mastered addition and subtraction, swagger a bit on the playground and speak up more in the classroom.
First time on a plane: Flying to London.
Imogen: Silly like a clown?
I had a wonderful weekend. I spent a lot of time with my family and I ate fantastic food and I drank some good beer and I drank some cheap beer and I went for a walk with some small children and I watched some football and I played a bunch of games.
And look around
Sarah Sarginson was 3rd Lancs Lady overall and 1st V40 Lady
The February attack was part of Anonymous’ action against US law enforcement agencies and copyright holders. Other targeted websites included the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI. Anonymous was quick to claim responsibility then.
If your freezer requires manual de-frosting, defrost it regularly. The more ice your freezer has in it, the more energy it is using – if the ice around the inside is more than 1cm thick, it needs de-frosting.
Just remember next time you’re watching Masterchef, cooking doesn’t get tougher than this...
As Son of Whirl would have it, I’m an “Elemental Mage” rather than a “Sorcerer Savant” or “Bloke With A Ridiculous Bloody Hat”.
It was only in 2011 that the movement subsided after the GJMM signed an agreement with the state government to form the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA).
I choose to follow Jesus today, for this time and in this place.
Ads include the following catchphrases:
If you are new to my blog, thanks for stopping by. Here's what we are doing... I give you a word, you give me a sentence containing that word to add on to our story. If you would like more of an explanation, please
“Exactly. And then if a campaign should finally catch fire and start exploding on you, all of a sudden you start to condescend and rip into us for lack of decorum. Decorum. Hah!” Matt laughed loudly. Heads turned. “On the one hand, you want democracy to be a great popular sport, everybody involved and cheering wildly. But as soon as it starts to happen, you’re horrified. It’s like you want everybody to come to the party but only if they dress just so. You complain about how nobody votes anymore. Big deal! Ninety percent of the people in Italy vote. You want a country like that? And all this BS about how television ads are ruining campaigns! You know why editorial writers don’t like television spots? Because they take power out of their hands! They want a few dinky debates, a polite campaign, and then for everybody to sit at home on Sunday waiting for the editorials to know which way to vote. Instead, some jerk like me can muck things up! You want twenty percent of the people to vote instead of fifty! Just take campaign commercials off the air. You’ll bore everybody to death!”
“I will be in there in a minute, my danged computer keeps redirecting my web search.”
flooded and … much of the
Mr Nainby - Nick Hobbs
4 lobster tails (I used 2 because leftover lobster isn’t my favorite)
"Mulder, look where these footprints lead ... right to that snowman," she said pointing into the yard behind him. "... A snowman that these children made after rolling in the snow. Surely you've made a snowman before."
The quote that I have come to appreciate the most is by Deepak Chopra.
Here again we have the issue about questions concerning “cultures”. One may perceive a “culture” when another would not. Such differences of opinions do not constitute perjury. It is of note that the Scottish Editor of the NotW was willing to express such trenchant views about Parliamentarians and their motivations. It is rather naïve for Mr Bird to complain that a Committee of MP’s might have a political agenda!
The Sonar app can guide my way through a room, and make it easier with just a few clicks to find industry-related people that I can network with in person. It can also be a great conversation starter by letting the person know what friends you have in common.
or maybe not?
As a start, the bottle seemed to contain more than champagne-like pressure. Had I not stayed back when opening the cap, I would definitely have little to celebrate. Eventually the glass was filled with the hazy, deep golden orange-coloured beer. The head was initially huge, but quickly died down. The aroma is very acidic with notes of apples and vanilla. Initially, the flavour is sweetish, but gradually almondy bitterness takes over, ending on a rather dry note. Long aftertaste, good body and fizzy. A really special beer, proving the keeping qualities of an oude g(u)euze. If only the beer-drinker kept equally well, there would be plenty of grounds for a celebration!
Thank you Julie, this has to be the best find you have ever spotted!
Mervyn Hannan has also travelled widely in the search of inspiration to use with his painting, sculpture and music. Locations include Africa, Europe, Arctic Greenland, Canada and Mongolia.
is a very bold idea which always works
“Because here’s what guys don’t do if they can’t live without you: They don’t break up with you.”
branches stretched upwards and out,
3. Another benefit of homeschooling is the fun factor. Can you give us a few examples of some especially fun times you had as a result of homeschooling?
These are the people you are trying to attract. That's the good news. The bad news is, they've got to find you, and that's a bitch, both for them and for you. Once they do find you, they have to be given a reason to take a chance on you, you obscure unknown quantity.
A woman is someone who can be clingy – for the man she is with to feel needed and wanted.
This is Celiac Awareness Month and while I have always said I have self-diagnosed gluten intolerance, I do believe I have Celiac instead. The more reading I do and the more I see the symptoms lined up with my own, they fit more with Celiac, than non-Celiac gluten intolerance. The main distinguishing symptom being diagnosed with another autoimmune disorder. I lay wide awake last night, attempting to sleep but mentally writing out this blog post. Then, I woke up to this post about a scam geared towards people with Celiac Disease. Thanks to Denise O’Deen SanFilippo for sharing Gluten Dude’s emphatic post. And thanks to Gluten Dude for sharing about the false claims of the product, twice.
I’ve asked them what they think, how they feel about it, and to be honest, they are all good with it. It’ll all come together with the flowers.
If I just meet you like a normal human and have a normal human conversation, by the time we say goodbye I’ve half-forgotten your name. …but at least I’m good with faces!! …or at least I was. Blindness has thrown a monkey wrench in my cover plan. Now, second and third meetings have gone from
To get a better picture of the story I've made a timeline with all relevant links included:
Feed the nurturing and creativity of a project for the
“Funny you should ask, “ said Gisela. “I don’t actually visit that library very often. We have a very well-stocked library here at the college and I don’t have any particular reason to visit the New Concord Library—it’s full of trashy novels and self-help books. I was actually looking for books for my four-year-old niece who was coming for a visit. I needed to find something to keep her entertained. When I was done finding the books, I decided to peruse the shelves out of curiosity, and I pulled out one of the few books with serious academic qualifications published by a university press... as opposed to the commercial fare put out by multi-million dollar publishing companies. It was Population in Perils. And I was curious because one of the lessons I had taught that day was about demographics. And I took at look at it and I was quite shocked at the recommendation that sex selection abortions be restricted. Women in the Third World labour under enough constraints that they do not need another law to come tell them what they can or cannot do with their bodies. And of course, the secondary danger in all this is that anti-choice groups seize on this recommendation, issued with academic authority, and use it to advance their misogynist agenda. Consider what they do with obstetric and embryology textbooks. Naturally, they could make use of such suggestions and create a backdoor to antichoice legislation in this country.
The U.S. has tried diplomacy and it has failed. It has tried military intervention and it has failed. To the degree that President Obama has opted to get out, it looks like the right policy for now and the future. To the degree that he has weakened the U.S. military, it is the worst possible choice he has made.
For me, if, as a culture, we'd like a change in the status quo of the lack luster educational system, the worst thing one could do, is jump through the hoops and buy into that, literally. I don't have the answer.
But the point of this post isn't to rag on Walgreens for their return policy.
MAN! Stick to your offer of teaching women how that pussy works. I’ll sign up for the first lesson. XOXO!
I did use a pretty eyelet trim on the top border of this shabby chic quilt, and it turned out real cute. So, that got me to thinking...
It’s not only our own health that may be at risk – a study by scientists in Texas found that barbeques released minute pieces of polyunsaturated fatty acids into the air. The study was carried out in Houston, which is ranked as one of the most polluted regions in the US. However, while BBQs may contribute to the pollution levels, they are surely small compared with pollution caused by industry and motor vehicles. Air pollution is affected by both the burning of lump charcoal and briquettes. While lump charcoal is only made from charred wood, unless you can find a local source that is made from natural wastage, it can help to contribute towards deforestation. Briquettes on the other hand, use sawdust, which is a waste product, but may also contain borax, limestone and sodium nitrate. And in Canada, charcoal briquettes are now labeled as a hazardous product.
She feels like her legs are going to go out from under her. She keeps feeling like there are electric shocks going through her legs. Sounds like a pinched nerve to me... She really is miserable. The physical therapy does not seem to be helping...
In the summer, there are no lunches to make, homework to help with, or strict bedtime schedules. A new routine will begin with Day Camp for Jack and Liv and I'll be able to get some things done around the house that I'm not able to do during the school year. Maybe I can make that art studio in the basement for Liv, since I really couldn't do it last summer; I took two graduate classes last summer and my time was so limited. That won't be happening this summer, so I can do lots of things.
According to the calorie control council:
Through clenched teeth, Rel said, "You're not a Four Knot anymore." It wasn't going to knock her back this time the way it had earlier, but if they were going to stand on the formalities of the law then so was he.
Our guest room is being cleaned up because it'll have it's first occupant this week so our Christmas boxes came out. The tree box was just sitting there... waiting... all alone - all alone because I already unpacked the Nativity scene. I had decided not to erect the tree until there was something to put under it but just couldn't resist the new enormous lights husband bought for it. He put the tree up this afternoon.
The next question is “do we want or care if different communities look, feel and function differently from each other in the United States”? Historically, the local climate and available materials and/or craftsmen strongly influenced the prominent architectural styles and details. For example, historic buildings in the South incorporated large overhangs to block the hot sun, and high ceilings to allow the heat to passively rise out of reach. But buildings in the North would be more concerned about winter cold and snow, and therefore incorporate increased roof pitch to shed snow or use stone walls and floors to absorb and hold the heat of the winter sun. As an architect, I would argue that those differentiations in local architecture should be respected and maintained…even when modern engineering solutions can usually outweigh the need for those conditions. Just as most humans wish to be recognized from other humans, towns and communities should keep and promote their distinguishing character as well.
However I've decided that, as gorgeous as they are - they just don't go with my dress and really wanted something with a bit of gold in. I actually couldn't find anything I wanted but kept going back to the beautiful designs at Mignonne Handmade. I decided to email to see if they could make me a few bespoke hair clips and they can!!! I promptly placed an order and I'm waiting for them to arrive. they are to have pearl and gold centres to tie in with my necklace...
Write first sentence.
Tell, Don't Ask
The Yellow sun was shining bright
DISCOVER HOW TO MANAGE STRESS!
I have allowed myself too much traipsing about in the wastelands of social commentary. I have allowed myself to be entangled far too deeply in the small-mindedness of consumer culture and politics. Politics in particular. Election years in specific tend to be time-sumps, and with the "facilitator of dreams" that is electronic media, the sump is in danger of becoming all-consuming.
I wondered recently what the arrangement was at Wells cathedral. Cat-flaps aren't a thing one readily associates with cathedrals. The question arose because on our UK travels last autumn we spent an hour or two in Wells, mostly in the cathedral. There were many remarkable sights to be seen, none more notable than the main altar in the nave, where, oblivious of the bustling ecclesiastical activity about it, a cat was fast asleep on the richly-worked altar cloth.
The closing of the Emerson branch in 1969, part of the move toward racial integration, provoked a deep sense of sorrow in the black community here, a sense of loss that has not been fully voiced until lately.
My list of thankfulness has to start with God. I am beyond thankful and in awe that He has allowed me to have the life I do. "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me, Philippians 4:13" is a verse that comes to mind often. This life I get to lead is not because of me, it's in spite of me far too often. God keeps letting me screw up and still keep moving forward despite my shortcomings.
Back to the card - I coloured the image with my Copics and applied a little Prismacolor to the background. I've only recently received this October Afternoon paper collection but it's had plenty of use because I love the colour combos and patterns. This combo is fresh and bright - just right for a little 'get well' cheer.
ADDENDUM: President Obama gave a speech this morning that just happened to be filled with class warfare rhetoric. But it is probably not related to tomorrow’s planned protests.
“Loads carried over the Hump were many and verified. The primary load was gasoline, carried in 55 gallon drums and added to by siphoning from tanks of the carrying aircraft. Also carried were: small arms and ammunition, small vehicles, heavy equipment cut up and carried in pieces, truck and aircraft engines, bombs and aircraft machine gun ammunition, mortar shells, hospital equipment, personnel, 20′ lengths of 4″ pipe, etc.” (below, transporting Chinese soldiers to India for the Burma Campaign)
I need to get out tonight –
We drive by them every day, lots of them. We hardly give them any notice. Most are rather ordinary. Some stand out because of some distinctive feature. Most just blend in together as a one big blur as we whiz by, one hardly distinguishable from the next. They are evaluated by bank appraisers and real estate agents based on their physical condition and current market values. Many of us long for a larger one, a higher class one in a better neighborhood to call "my home". Yet there is so much more than brick and mortar to the common family home.
♥ Many exams at schools.. gosh! Every week at least 2! Horrible!
(Bookstores and cinemas have also vanished here, a far cry from the
See if you can do this. Read each line aloud without making any mistakes.If you make a mistake you MUST start over or it won’t work.
This awesome altered tin was created using Graphic 45's Steampunk Debutante Collection. Really proud of this one!! This is a new project created just for this Design Team Call. I love making altered tins and can not believe I have never made one using this collection before. It's perfect!! I had so much fun creating this piece and wanted to create a feel of mystery.
DisneySea is a lot of fun. The benefits I saw was that for families with very young children, Little Mermaid’s Lagoon is a great place to hang out. My 3-year-old has a low tolerance to heat, so she and I spent a lot of time at the Mermaid’s Lagoon indoor park area while my sisters, brother-in-law and my older daughter went to try some other rides. The rides at the Little Mermaid Lagoon are perfect for my 3-year-old and she also enjoyed playing in the play ground. For my 6-year-old, because she’s already above the height for all the rides with a height restriction, she had a lot of options and she enjoyed some scary rides. (Some of them require a height above 117 cm.)
Anyway, I started to rewrite Merry Meet and as I did so I began to think about what my lead character might have been like before she gave up magic. Was she born a witch or did she become one? And as I was thinking this I suddenly knew just what she was like as a girl and even what she sounded like.
Now begin to crawl: allow the head to lead and move on diagonally opposite limbs. You will notice that when you start each step (leading with the head) your body’s weight shifts to the limbs that were in front and are now stationary. After each step, your weight should again be evenly distributed between all fours. Do not rush. Pause. Breathe out gently through an open, soft and wet mouth. Do not gasp but allow the intake of air to happen gently and effortlessly; your abdominal wall and lower back will expand of their own accord.
Let us drink! Let us drink! Let us drink!
Perry Borntrager had been missing from the quiet Amish community of Crittenden, Kentucky, for months when his body was discovered at the bottom of an abandoned well. Everyone had assumed Perry left Crittenden on his own, seduced by the wider world he discovered during his rumspringa, but now the truth has thrown this once-peaceful town into chaos. The first death from mysterious circumstances in Crittenden in more than two decades has invited the scrutiny of the outside world: a police detective arrives to help their local sheriff with the investigation. His questioning begins with Lydia Plank, Perry’s former girlfriend, and Perry’s best friend, the Englisher Walker Anderson.
It also appears that the police are going to pursue this case more aggressively than seemed to be the case when the story first came out:
Then again, am I making things worse by posting the vids in this blog? Damn, having a conscience is tough!!!
2. My Little Corner of The World- http://dlwagner.blogspot.com/ – I had picked David’s blog because of his hilarious post for the letter A, you have to check it out!
Raspberry Strippers
God’s light…she steers me from wrong,
As a mother, I could relate to her worry because…well…that’s just what we do. We know what can happen. But at the same time I didn’t take her fears seriously because I was picturing boys in the sixteen to seventeen year range. Around here, boys of that age with a hunting father are already experienced in wild terrain, so a simple hike on a clear afternoon wouldn’t usually pose any kind of meaningful risk.
Remember back a couple posts when I told you about the clutter-buster MADNESS I went into a few weekends ago? Good news: the house is still clean! It's so nice to wake up in an orderly environment. I don't know how long I can keep it up, but I hope forever! Another upside of that episode was the whole "shopping in your own house" aspect of cleaning out closets. I found SO. MUCH. STUFF. I didn't even know I had some of it! Do you ever buy things and just put them in the closet, not to be seen again for a few years? Well, here are a few treasures unearthed from the detritus:
Hug Ming, Mary!
I am the sword, the wound, the stain.
One thing that remains the same is that Thanksgiving weekend ushers in the holiday season. Ed and I started talking about our holiday cards and last night I took this as a possible image for the card. Ed likes it and so do I. We both appreciate that it seems to welcome the viewer into our home, and for anyone who's ever been here they'll recognize the familiar sight of Ed at the piano. It would have been a perfect shoot if Eddie had been playing Mel Torme's The Christmas Song but that quirky guy chose Easter Parade instead. He is definitely his own person! (You can click on the photo to see it larger.)
I wanted to start off by saying the man who wrote this article, Cal Fussman, is not a journalist. He was not objective, and he was not intelligent in his questions. He was transparent, though, either intentionally or unintentionally because his agenda throughout the piece is clear.
My forever Emmanuel.
I Don’t Want to Miss a Thing
Below are a few questions that can be turned into any form of writing you choose and will help you to open up to your audience and share a part of yourself through your writing.
She’s much more mature than her classmates, especially Kyon, and looks to enjoy the benefits of being underage while she can. I found her conversation with Kyon in Rainy Day about the benefits of middle schoolers quite interesting. Technically they were nearly adults in 6 months as higher education is not mandatory in Japan, so looking at the positives of being undervalued in society, contrasting to Kyon complaining about the monotonous schoolwork was a great decision by Tanigawa. It truly shows in her “subconcious” Closed Space being open and stable.
‘Maybe we could work it out.’
That’s question one. Question two: do we speak this truth so as to be heard?
- I am also writing freelance restaurant reviews for the newpaper; my first one, on Amaya Bar and Grill, is here. (Their links are only available for 30 days, so if you're reading after June 4, 2012, the link may not work. I don't think I can post my reviews here, but I'm thinking I'll do a synopsis once they've been archived.)
'This murder of a newlywed woman has become the symbol of our country'
2 voice
- I combined the tail ends of a couple of bags of unsweetened and sweetened coconut, although I would have rather used all unsweetened.
Thanks for following and go sign up and take a look!
She just back from a 2 day stay at our country vet's office. Gypsy got her shots, her heartworm/parasite tests, and she also was spayed while there. She's a little sore today, but doing so well. I've kept her in the house since yesterday morning, but today she wants out. She's housebroken and all that hair keeps her quite warm so I don't really worry about her being out in the cold. I've seen her lying out in the middle of the pasture sound asleep on some of our cold days (which haven't been many - it's 80 degrees out today!) She loves the water and gets in our pond and loves to just run, just for the sake of running.
- The campaign to save the G train extension into Park Slope, Windsor Terrace, and Kensington is on a roll. Brownstoner
One of the most surprising posters in the bunch is Haymitch Abernathy (Woody Harrelson). I personally was taken back by the decision to go with that long, BLOND hair. It’s a different direction than what anyone was expecting. Also, the clothing looks very snazzy. I like it, although it isn’t what I would have thought an alcoholic like Haymitch would wear. Overall, this poster is unexpected but not unwelcome. I can’t wait to see how he does in the film- especially with that grim, weary countenance he’s got here.
Here's what I think.
According to TechCareers: Wind Energy Technicians, the U.S. has led the world in wind power generation and has hundreds of companies dedicated solely to the production of wind energy.
I just made a mess, didn't I?
2 tsps. groung cumin
Leave a comment under this post...but not just ANY comment. Tell me one Christmas tradition you do each year with your family OR one Christmas tradition that you loved the most growing up as a child. Your comment does not need to be detailed or lengthy, but must contain a a general tradition in order to be entered to win.
But Professor Gingrich doesn’t need a comic book to rewrite history for him. Superman spun the earth backwards on its axis to reset time. Newt does it with a pen. He’s published two alternate universe novels. One reboots the Civil War so the South wins at Gettysburg (thanks, we needed that). The second prevents the U.S. from entering World War II so that Germany can conquer Russia and face the U.S. in a new cold war.
Just got word that Oni Press has teamed up with Fab.com for a big sale. 11 titles in all, one of which is You Have Killed Me. For the next three days, our books is only $12.97!
The problem she has of being beaten she thinks is a preferable problem, to the problem she might have of facing the world without a male protector.
Are you a puppet? Of course we do not want to think that we are a puppet, we have free will, and decide our own future, our own actions. We are not controlled by anyone or anything!
Love Sucks is brimming with love and romance, but aside from the steamy hot vampire kisses, my favorite parts are the fresh takes on life as a vampire. Lauren Hammond shows us a unique kind of vampire community. These vampires are strong, but not indestructible. They drink blood and live in a world that sees them as monsters. They live both hidden, and on the run, all of them trying to figure out their place in society. In a world that doesn't doesn't believe in vampires, can the living and the dead learn to coexist? And did I mention steamy hot vampire kisses???
Yes, I’ve read all the books, and have been a holistic counselor for years. I realize this advice flies in the face of most mainstream Western medicine remedies. But I also know what works and what does not. Layering your problems with an icing of drugs, compounds your problems. Rather than fixing the root of the problem.
I had the sudden urge to write a post and then I realized that I have not been taking pictures of anything!! I am home at my parents because of a dentist appointment (boo) and I didn't even bring my camera. Oh, how things have changed.
In Jove’s fair image Man was shaped at birth.
In my drive to provide people with information to make up their own minds, I have listed more articles and resources on this issue below. The same problems often occur in research that examines these links as I mentioned in an earlier post. Studies are often correlational in nature and therefore causality is almost impossible to infer. And yet these studies are often wrongly portrayed as ‘proving’ links when in fact they do no such thing.
The broken sand dollar. The lost seashell.
Recordings: Harmonia Studio, Forst, 1976
Once an idea takes hold that people like Sarkozy can be voted out, it changes the political dynamic.
Today I’m pleased to present an interview with a Canadian zombie writer, a none-too-subtle reference to Julianne Snow, which should come as no surprise to those of you who follow her (@CdnZmbiRytr) on Twitter.
So I've got to put this chapter of my life behind me. No more reading up on baby gear; from now on I'll read about $1500 strollers as part of social commentary, not for just how awesome and life-changing the features might be. And I'll take every opportunity I have to hold someone else's baby, just to be close to that kind of sweetness again.
25g ready cooked chicken breast (I like tesco chunky flame grilled chicken – but they do a massive range)
Most of his e-mails are funny, many are political but few are worth sharing. I ignored this one until I had a few minutes to spare today. I knew it was something about a Bee Gees song and since I read that Robin Gibb was in the hospital, I thought it would be a good time to finally give it a listen. WOW, am I ever glad I didn’t delete it! This one was too good not to share.
In an attempt to end trivial claims, future claimants will have to show that material has caused them ‘serious harm’. And those from outside the EU will face new hurdles before they can bring a claim in London.
adapted to it to film, but because it sets a standard on par with the great
“Getting a head-start on next year?” I ask.
“Peter (said) to them, ‘Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins; and you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit.’” (Acts 2:38, emphasis added)
In January 2009, local business owner and mother of two, Marina Bosch, was shot in the leg by one of this armed gang attacks and her driver seriously injured. She’d been cashing up during the early hours of Friday morning when three gunmen stormed her home in Fury Street -- shooting her driver Charles Smit, twice in the chest, critically injuring him before opening fire on her.
Well, when we got home from Grand Union that afternoon, guess what I was missing? My mom searched through all her bags and it was nowhere to be found. She even called the store and spoke to the manager, or at least that’s what she told me.
Or being lied about, don’t deal in lies,
I have not worked on the Cousins Recipe Book at all lately..it is on my radar. I had been working on it late at night. I just want to get it over with!
If you forgive without them acknowledging their sin and putting forth effort to repent then they will see no need to change their behavior/attitude, and you will be allowing them to carry one in their sins. That is not what Jesus wants you to do.
It was summer, long drinks, holidays and warmth all rolled into one little (very expensive) bottle. I was addicted. So was one of my friends. We both bought a bottle! It was whilst listening to the gale force winds battering my windows last night and despairing of another day of washed out photography that I had the idea of what I could photograph. Perfume!
Needing to be up and on time every weekday morning.
Not only have I seen a car, I own a nicer one than yours.
i hope you enjoyed this little tutorial of mine!
Clayton - 4
Without my wings, I feel so small
I get dirtied, in thought, in heart, in hope
Castin' out a line
Professor : So, who Created them ?
SWAIN
He or she jumped off the plant quickly and just stared at me. LOL
And the abandoned French orphans of a father who, as the ship was sinking, handed his children to a woman getting in a lifeboat–it turned out he had kidnapped his children from his estranged wife and was traveling to America to start a new life. It wasn’t until their mother in France saw their picture in the paper that she knew where they had gone and traveled to America to bring them home.
"You're good at recruiting. Bring the warforged to the winning side, where they can be with their brethren in arms."
"You're the mother of the children?"
These changes contributed to the success, this year, of a bill written by New York State Assemblyman Hakeem Jeffries changing the way federal dollars, marked for prisoners, are allocated. The federal government allocates funds to localities based on the size of an area's population tabulated by the census. Such funds are earmarked for things like education, roads, and hospitals. When it comes to prisoners, the census counts them as residents of the area of their incarceration, rather than the zip code where they lived prior to their lock-up, and the place to which they most likely return when they're released. Prisoners don't use the local roads, or benefit from the local services, when they're behind bars.
Frank Davis was a MONARCH trauma abuse multiple personality disorder (MPD) layering expert in control of amassing traumatic and ritual sexual abuse experiences to overwhelm Obama’s preteen growth alternative personalities, and then program the alters with layers of Satanism and perversion.
At the latest conference of the National Association of Professional Organizers, these 4-pocket aprons were being displayed by Abundance Organizing, and they are now available for purchase on the web.
'I was called bunny teeth three times today,' she says, not upset, more in a stating a fact kind of way.
We will run errands A and B first because they MUST get done today.
when i was 16 i wanted a car
Lyla is in school for a few days a week which allows me to work but on our days together we keep ourselves very busy. On most days you'll find us at our neighborhood zoo or riding the carousel. Yesterday we happened to ride it 5 times. Yes, you read that right and she wanted to keep going. To her dismay, we (I) had to take breaks in between each ride. This carousel is super fast, or maybe it's just me getting old. But 5 rides was enough to cover me for at least a week.
The award winner won't be announced for a while, but it's truly an honor just to be nominated.
We are sponsored by Di's Digi Downloads & several of the team have used Di's images as they are just adorable!
“Be not overcome by evil, but overcome evil by good.” — Romans 12:21
2. What household product or beauty product do you prefer not to live without?
- (void)settingsChangedAlert1Sound:(NSString*)newSound1 alert2Sound:(NSString*)newSound2 … and so on, and so forth.
Anyway, blood ties aside, I feel that when two or more people are still together, be it being couples or friends, it doesn’t mean that all’s well.
Over and over again I just read that you simply never implode shore in a very multi hull catamaran or trimaran as is also too dangerous. We sailed into Hiva Oa inside the Marquises only to visit a large number of catamarans which have made a similar crossing there were just completed, sitting and waiting comfortably within the anchorage as we arrived. I used to be dumbfounded! How did they arrive here? I wondered. They successfully crossed identical ocean we did and they made the trip unscathed and the majority of which made it happen considerably quicker than we did.
I know it’s 2012.
Do the same with all your needles.
Fire in the Sky
tourist programs
Dreaming of lights through a wintry window
If you don’t recognize her, that’s Marilyn Monroe. An actress, comedienne and the most desired sex symbol during the 50′s to 60′s. Oh, and she was a size 14 (Which means she probably had a 32 -inch waistline).
The authors have made comedy their lives and each have an extensive history within their field. Peter Desberg has even studied the psychology of humor and how to use humor to change lives. He also hosted his own cable show for many years and has done many radio and television interviews. Jeffrey Davis is no slouch either. He has written for A&E, Discovery, and the National Geographic Channel. He’s also a playwright, having his plays produced in New York and Los Angeles, and has comedy experience with many television shows, including “Love Boat” and “America’s Funniest Home Videos.”
As expected, the MSM went all out in their attempts to downplay, demonise and destroy the movement’s credibility.
Perhaps it is too fragile. Perhaps I have had it. It's funny that I once found comfort there, in hiding. It's funny that it has taken me so long to feel urgent. To feel that I must speak. To want to be my own person.
Streamlined Reporting and New Services for Newspapers
Anyways, because I’ve been concentrating on song writing I’ve been keeping a pen and paper or something to write down on with me at all times. Ideas come at the most random of times! I’ve come up with some good stuff to be honest. I only have sentences right now but it’s slowly getting there.
“It is essential to get out of the house. If someone hears voices, and they are trapped at home then it will just get worse. If they can get out of the house they will have support – it’s dreadful if they can’t.”
Anyway– here are your WINNERS!!! I couldn’t name any couple that seemed to “deserve” it more than them! I just fell in love with them! Good luck to you guys– and nice work on winning the race!
That got Diane hooked and in 2008 thru now she has been responsible for the Quilt of Valor booth.
“This is a a great day. Clearly, if the globe is not warming, then there is no reason to discontinue our resource-intensive, unhealthy and wasteful lifestyle. We, and fellow sceptics the world over, look forward to many millenia more of fossil-fuel usage, deforestation, and land-degradation.”
“It’s all a matter of information-format conditioning,” Ernst began, easing back into the lounge chair. I hate it when he waxes professorial. “Take the early Greeks…” he began.”No thanks,” I retorted. “…they were very upset when the written word was discovered. What was going to happen to all those epic story-poems told by heart? And when books first came out, the Romans must have missed unwinding with a good scroll.”
I should note up front that I'm not much of a U2 fan. Sure, I have some of their albums and there is some very good music on them. But the band's - and specifically Bono's - self-righteous sense of purpose has never sat well with me. I like it when I agree with a band's politics, but I don't like people with messiah complexes and Bono has one in spades, something that came through loud and clear back when I saw the band play in 1987 on the Joshua Tree tour.
But is this enough? Can the blood of some goat really satisfy God for our sins? Does the life of some animal reconcile us to God? Hebrews 10:4 tells us no, it is impossible for the blood of bulls and goats to take away sin.
It's both exciting and saddening. Exciting that a Hollywood star is willing to stand up for disabled people's basic right to live outside of an institution. But saddening because you can guarantee that it'd never happen over here.
* a certain little boy in our house turned TWO this month! He has grown into such a goofy, inquisitive, energetic sweetheart. :) His vocabulary is amazing, he loves helping out whenever he can and he adores his baby brother.We celebrated with a party at the Little Gym with twelve of his friends. It was a great time!
Let the unpacking begin!
And finally... 5th step
Finally soon after time when she Finally considers you, you’re going to be a more adherent and satisfied man. As a place clear reaction of which, she is going to absolutely get drawn to you. These guidelines on how to win back ex girlfriend are quick and easy and are not by any means intricate, only if you follow these with precise detail, will they obtain fruit. All the Best!
Sweet 'N Sassy came out with a poppies set, and I just had to get it because the flowers are so delicate. I also like that it's a smaller sized set - the other poppy images that I have are so big. This one is delightful, and I used it on my card yesterday for the Featured Stamper Challenge at SCS.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Spoon the mixture into an 8 cup soufflé dish or pie pan. Place the dish in a roasting pan and transfer to the middle shelf of the oven. Pull the shelf out halfway and pour enough boiling water into the roasting pan to come halfway up the side of the dish, make sure no water comes over the side into the dish.
Jesus warns the Ephesians that unless they repent, He will remove their lampstand from its place.
Eyebrows: Sobe Botanicals Fill Me In Brow Filler - a mixture of Brunette and Raven (applied with MAC 266)
fine artists for the preservation of priceless artwork," says Michelle
I have no energy
I’m really curious, does anyone else out there have a problem controlling their weight while travelling? Because I do, and I just don’t understand! I need someone to explain this to me.
I hope the Swindon Festival continues and that its success inspires other places to follow its example. It is a wonderful way, not just to celebrate reading, but to encourage writers, too.
The nurse then took me to fill out more paperwork and make payment arrangements. Something I didn't know until recently is that they have special financing programs for healthcare related procedures. The doctor that I went thru uses the CareCredit program. They can set you up on any kind of plan from 0% interest for twelve months up to 13.9% interest for 60 months. I think this is great because it is usually the cost of the procedure that is a major player in whether or not people decide to have it done. Not that I am a big proponent of credit in general, mind you. I just think this is a great procedure and, since insurance still finds it optional and won't cover the cost, financing options makes it a viable option for people.
Amelia had so much fun out on the Bidwell's farm! She loved spending time with her cousins, auntie, uncles and of course grandma and grandpa! It is so nice to go back to our home town and see everyone! It is even more fun now that we have Amelia.... I like showing her off! If your a parent you totally get it!
The town again, trailing your legs and crying!
Pink and Burgundy card stock from my stash. White card stock is Georgia Pacific
Notable mention: he’s in a black patent Adidas coverall on roller-skates with the Ghana colours striped across his face peeking out from behind his dreads. Photo description: “When I dance on my skates, I travel to many dimention and back again where I can see all the you Goddesses.”
As I get older, the mountains–I might get to see bears!!!
On the first of March a note from their creditors for 142 million dollars was due, and the Silver Legacy's owners were not able to come up with the money to pay off the note. The casino owners and the creditors have been in negotiations trying to work out an agreement to restructure the debt and to allow the Silver Legacy to continue in business and avoid bankruptcy.
Molly leaned forward so fast she almost knocked Jess over backwards. “You're going to New York? Shit! God, I'm not surprised you'd rather go. Bloomingdale's beats The Trafford Centre. God. You lucky cow.”
Because of the steep terrain, the train can’t run on normal train tracks. It runs on a rack and pinion system designed by a Swiss engineer, Dr Roman Abt. Basically, each small locomotive has toothed pinions (cogwheels) which grab onto the rack, giving it traction for the ascent. During the descent, the rack and pinion system acts as a brake.
3. Katakana Dub
Like: the inevitable nature of sleep and dreams, my pillow sours. A flushed cheek turns cool wondering at the thing, the monster lurking near the drinking glass… a tinge of a dream that singed a lash as it fluttered fully open.
Another week, another Michigan judge caught up in a TV news gotcha story.
And, because I love you all, I'll let you in on my new guilty pleasure... Tophatter.com. I've got 10 invites, let me know if you want one... first come, first served. I'll warn you though, it's ADDICTING! Like Etsy on crack... you've been warned. =)
mr moose is #3 son and married to Miss Nan
Hot Chocolate: You Sexy Thing
I think he is truly beautiful.
Shrieking round obstacles, or hurling them aside like matchsticks, the wind sweeps across the land. Frenzied, lashing rain whites out the day, overflows gutters, fills wells, infiltrates every crack and crevice, creating instant lakes inside, as though it were out.
Their names have become synonymous with love. Thousands visit Juliet’s balcony in Verona, Italy, with their own hopes, dreams and desires. Opera, dance, musical, stage and movie adaptations (particularly Baz Luhrmann’s 1996 film, starring Leonardo di Caprio and Claire Danes) have modernised the story and helped a whole new generation to become enamoured with the tale. The opening of Shakespeare’s Globe Theatre, London, in 1997, only served to highlight the playwright’s achievements.
it keeps in what’s in and it keeps out what’s out
E2 - Power on the E2. From the home screen press the Settings button (the wrench) then press the right arrow four times. Press the last button (the "i" bubble) and you'll find the version info there.
I stood at the door, waiting for what seemed an eternity and then there was Chris ~ coming up my walkway to my front door.
It is rather interesting at this time to compare the calling of Saul with that of Moses. For this we go back to Exodus 3:2-3.
Rustic Tiger Maple Garden Tray goes to Beth Sanchez
7And at their cry, the Lord made it dark between you and the Egyptians, and made the sea go over them, covering them with its waters; your eyes have seen what I did in Egypt: then for a long time you were living in the waste land.
US DATES
Here is an opinion piece from The Tennessean (published while I was away over the weekend) once again highlighting the problems encountered in many states regarding the supposed speedy self-sufficiency refugees are said to attain upon resettlement. Even if we didn’t have the facts and figures, it defies logic that tens of thousands of third-worlders, many with no English and little formal education, are arriving in the US and becoming self-sufficient within months.
Wi' mair o'horrible and awfu',
Here are just a few repro items that I think are amazing and would be happy to add to my wardrobe.
"You're not gonna make fun of..."
The 208 page full colour book is edited by Queensland food writer Natascha Mirosch. She has dispatched more than 25 reviewers all over Brisbane and up to Port Douglas and down to Coolangatta to seek the best places to dine in Queensland. Find out which dining establishments were dished up a coveted Good Food Guide Award chef hat.
Honestly, this is the easiest pizza crust I have ever made and tastes amazing. You have to try it! You will be so proud of yourself for making pizza from scratch and will be thrilled with the results. Your relationship with your local pizza parlor may come to an abrupt end as a result. As Martha would say " It's a Good Thing". Yes, it is.
When a guest in another’s house, you do not lie in bed until late morning in households that rise early – you fall in line with house norms.
Yesterday I had an opportunity to share some coffee and hear some stories from a rock star. Actually it was a rock star couple … and they had tea. This couple are both close to 80 years old. And they are to evangelical Chistiandom as close as it comes to genuine rock stars. It was a real pleasure.
I chose the latter more in hope than expectation, as I felt that building or security considerations on the Olympic Park might mean the Greenway would be closed.
This Thing was the first one that really made me self-conscious about my spot on the generational divide. As someone right on the cusp of the Millennial/Generation X split, I don’t know many people in my age group who don’t have a social media presence of some sort (Facebook came out my senior year of undergrad, but because I was entering Grad School I was able to be an early adopter from that side). I certainly don’t know many people younger than me who don’t have an account on Facebook at the very least. And yet, when I see this Thing repeatedly refer specifically to Facebook as a medium where “young adults” communicate… I thought I felt old when I turned 30 earlier this year, but now I am feeling like a baby again. I may be reading too much into the tone of this one, though.
A: We import all plants fully grown and then just sit around watching them die.
5. DADDYYYYYYYYYYY?????????
She spent the next week in the hospital undergoing a new series of tests, this time focused mostly on neurology. The common denominator appeared to have to do with the motor neurons—the nerves that move muscles. She was not breathing well because the muscles that control breathing and the diaphragm were not moving properly. She was not swallowing or speaking normally because the muscles of the soft palate were not functioning properly. Tests included a swallowing study and tests of the nerves affecting muscular movement, as well as nerve conduction studies. An electromyogram test was performed to help understand what sorts of signals the nerves were sending to the muscles and how the muscles were responding. An extensive panel of cell studies was ordered, but final results of some of those tests were expected to take weeks.
I contacted the person whose account was hacked. He was adamant he hadn't bought the item.
1 lime – cut into quarters. Be sure to slice off the white centers, it adds a bit of unnecessary bitterness.
In Conceptualising Confrontation | Part 3 | The Relationship Between the Four Components of the Conceptual Model I examined the relationship between those four essential ingredients and explored whether ‘confrontation’ was a combination of the four ingredients listed above (so as to form a single, unitary right), or whether the four ingredients were in fact individual separate rights bearing ‘confrontational’ qualities. I concluded that there was an observable interdependency between the four ingredients listed above where publicity, for example, could not be achieved unless the remaining three ingredients were present. Based on that interdependency, I suggested that the four ingredients do in fact combine and interlock to form a single right of confrontation. I then suggested that the four ingredients could be arranaged into a hierarchy of importance based on whether the existence of one of the ingredients of the right was dependant upon the existence of one or more the other three. To cut a long story short, I suggested that the disclosure of the real legal identity of witnesses was the most the important of the four ingredients because the satisfaction of that element could not be achieved by the existence of the any of the remaining three.
Question: You say, “Meet all experiences as they come.” What about such terrible misfortunes as being condemned to lifelong imprisonment, or being burnt alive for holding certain political or religious opinions – misfortunes that have actually been the lot of human beings? Would you ask such people to submit themselves to their misfortunes and not try to overcome them?
11. We Are Alive
He was married to the great rumba singer Zuzana Calzado until her passing several years ago.
as Your son wept for Jerusalem
Yet the agenda my friends is not just here, it is not just we Caucasians under attack, not just the west but all mankind, the juggernaut moves on to other cultures rips through other creeds. Why the west already kneels with few awake to the peril, why the west is owned and debt-ridden so they look to the east, to those other lands, to the lands of other peoples and blood must be split. Ah Tommy, poor Tommy, its you again, led as a fool for the slaughter, pride of family and friend, lover and offspring, resplendent at pass out and bursting with pride, go there Tommy, die there Tommy in a war unjust, unwanted and unneeded, unneeded by us Tommy by yours, by your family and kind, your country and culture.
Today’s song comes from the story. I think this song really is all about conflict and tension building. Slash is great on guitar here. Play it loud. Velvet Revolver’s Slither:
So far, no major confrontation has taken place. The newbies have kept one step ahead of the established flock members, and there has been no coordinated effort to mash them in to the aubiose. But as with all things chicken, I can't exhale just yet. The next few days will be fraught for both human and chickens alike. Hopefully, though, at the end I will be left with a cohesive pekin flock (The serama will stay in their hutch home for the forseeable future due to the pekins' desire to turn them in to scatter cushions given half a chance).
i am very pleased to announce that i will be a contributing artist to their project and in about a month's time will open a solo show out of their gallery space, the carville annex. it's going to be really exciting. expect to hear a lot more about this in the near future! it's time to start building...
2 indistinguishable
As I grow to meet my potential
In a way IBM always did things in a big way. It wasn’t a small company that grew big. It started out with the merger of three companies. In 1911 the Tabulating Machine Company, the International Time Recording Company and the Computing Scale Company of America merged to form the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company (CTR).
Brown has most recently been criticized by special interest immigration groups for sponsoring legislation that would allow 10,000 plus Irish Immigrants work visas. The unmitigated gall of the man for wanting to bring in a specific group who would actually work! The Enterprise, reporting on the criticized Senator Brown, suggest that his detractors are concerned that he did not support the dream act, or support other groups for work visas. Further, his detractors have criticized Brown for pandering to the electorate of Massachusetts, which, as everyone knows, Irish. That may be news to the rest of the Residents, who are from all ethnic backgrounds, but the Irish, especially in Massachusetts, and in New York or any original point of call, were historically – persecuted.
Many of you have already noticed (and commented, thank you!) my new blog design. I absolutely LOVE it! I have to thank Cassie at Primitive & Proper for introducing me to Thais at House09. There are many blog designers out there, but Thais runs a full-service design studio specializing in websites, blogs, stationary and logos. She is incredibly talented...and better yet...insanely patient!!! She worked with me until everything was exactly how I wanted it (even when I didn't know what I wanted!), never once losing her cool (she is in Washington, however, so who knows what she was doing every time she received one of my heavily numbered emails!!)
In a year that the Hangover tried to get another bite of the cherry, by doing the exact same thing, it was Bridesmaids that showed that you can do movies in a similar vein but change it enough to be better. Kristen Wiig and Maya Rudolph share a great chemistry and the movie is damn funny as well as being touching. I liked the relationship between Kristen Wiig and Chris O’Dowd and how it took typical romantic comedy beats and switched them around. A great comedy that managed to find a bigger audience than what you would think.
each other which will end up nominating Mitt
and am so grateful
However you achieve it, when reading Charles Wright, let go of time and space. There is a saying in the South, “Let go and let God.” In this case it should be, “Let go and let Charles.” Regarding Wright’s work in as a spiritual sense is almost necessary. “Scar Tissue” is Wright’s seventeenth book of poetry and most poems in this collection seems to draw on man’s connection with the past and with Nature.
How many specialty appliances do you have in your kitchen, those that are only really intended to do one thing? Chances are you have many, and they take up a relatively large amount of space in your kitchen, either on your counter or in your cupboards.
So what's your favorite drinking song?
Whispers *and then I am never ever ever studying anything ever again*
Rotten Tomatoes’s consensus on CitW blares that the movie is “capable of being funny, strange, and scary-frequently all at the same time”. Funny? I’ll grant in full. Scary? Only if you startle easily or are freaked out by monsters. Personally, I am one of the immune, so the gruesome scenes in CitW didn’t particularly horrify or scare me (they did, however, scare my mom, for what it’s worth). If you like monsters, prepare to be delighted; when all hell breaks loose in CitW, it does so literally.
So those are some of Ryan's favorite things! I hope you've enjoyed them. See the entire series of L'Amour Lists here!
-The boy's faked reluctance to agree? Damn, bitch, get out of the car! Father Knows Best ain't gonna watch itself! (1:04-1:07)
Speaking of her relationship (with Lucas), I think with the AU cover, people will go into the book expecting a lot of romance. It really did take a backseat, or at least in my mind. I liked that the pair thought rationally, that given the forbidden-ness of the relationship they didn't just go full-out and screw everyone over to be with each other.
Tweet loudly about taking part (well ok, that isn’t a rule, but how about if we start a
As Simpleton is a Globalist Free Market Capitalist ( or a Neo-Conservative ) he regards Nationalism with as much contempt as Marxists do.
‘First they throw concrete blocks at the boy’s arms, then at his legs, then the final blow is to his head, and if he is not dead then, they start all over again,’ one person who managed to escape told Al-Akhbar.
I blinked to dislodge my confusion. They had a chinchilla, a parrot and another dog – who was apparently lost also.
And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
You should have come from
Tay's art lesson from Drawing Textbook: She is really starting to improve her shading skill.
I mean my head works better at night, I can see more clearly, be a bit more artistic in the way I work…. I’m trying to think of the word I’m looking for… but it’s gone… seems to happen more and more these days. I think it’s when you reach 40.
Today, tell God you want to choose to honor Him as you wait.
The empty bench we used to sit at
You see, this blog is really about my naivety. Someone promised to return money and they lied and then they made up more lies. And I was shocked. I’m even invoking religion, which is pretty clear on this issue. That’s pretty naive. The last refuge of the desperate man. However, religions’ laws are simply natural laws (in my opinion) which are needed to move out of anarchy and into civilisation, and that’s why people made them up / gods gave them unto us. We’ve got to live by these rules or a small number of people get all the wealth, power and success and everyone else picks up crumbs with iron boots hanging above them like swords of Damocles, but which drop at the whim of the powerful few and not the powerful masses. By not giving me my money, by lying about our stay, by cheating us, Hawkrigg shocked me because the lies were so blatant, so in-your-face, so exasperatingly deceptive; it wasn’t a bending of the truth or something I could brush off as a misunderstanding: it was a lie. A lie created solely to deprive me of money. I know people behave like that, but I expect it from people who are on the breadline or on heroin. When a guesthouse owner behaves like a smack-head, something, surely, is wrong, isn’t it?
Been very busy here at the Ickes homestead. Easter is right around the corner so I thought I'd offer a OOAK prim wool felted rabbit along with his egg tree. Archie is all handmade by my dear friend Kathy. Every rabbit she makes is done with love. He is so realistic and will look fantastic all year long. My egg tree is all primmed and ready to go along with Archie. He's even helping me decorate it! Hope you enjoyed my little gathering.
From time to time we've ventured down to Wellesley to Elm Bank, a 36 acre garden and grounds of the Massachusetts Horticultural Center. It really is a beautiful place when everything is in bloom, and this time it was host to the Massachusetts Marketplace Festival.
In the end, my point is that I love Toronto like I would love my child. If I, heaven forbid, have a disabled child I would still love him or her because of the practice I’ve had loving both the ups and downs of this great city. We currently have a dog, Sailor, who’s an ass. He ruins almost every walk and he’s often poorly behaved (we rescued him, he was abused and had never seen a leash before we got him, much less a hand that was going to pet him and not hit him) but despite the fact that he is both my fiancée and I’s worst dog we’ve ever had, his good points still outweigh the bad by a fair margin.
Not only does my house feel lighter and brighter,
Is my parents’ happiness based on what they perceive as something that brings us joy, or the child’s happiness?
For your ribbons and bows
If the garment is worked in the round, ya swatch in the round!
Faulkner served as Writer-in-Residence at the University of Virginia from 1957 until his death. In 1959, he suffered serious injuries in a horse-riding accident. Faulkner died of a heart attack at the age of 64 on July 6, 1962, at Wright's Sanitorium in Byhalia, Mississippi.
should want them to buy it.
The storage of third-party data for AdWords is part of a process (cf. the discussion of eBay in L’Oreal para 437). Yes, Google holds the advertisers’ copy unchanged but that’s not all it does. It displays that copy at a given time, in a certain order and for a particular purpose. If I put a bicycle wheel on a shelf without altering it, then I am storing it. If I put it on a bicycle and ride it, I may not have altered the wheel, but ‘storage’ would not be the first word that comes to mind to describe what I have done. The website may not be changing the copy but it may be performing other activities around it: processing it, employing it, deploying it.
I confess that I also have never seen the TV show "Glee". Go ahead and take my social security card away.
*Tools: Big Shot; Scrollwork Cuttlebug embossing folder; Heat Tool; Corner Chomper
Toad in the hole has nothing at all to do with toads, thank goodness. It is a simple combination of sausages roasted in a pan, and then covered with a thick pancake- like batter and baked on a high heat until the pancake rises like mountains, and the sasages peek their heads out from the valleys. The batter is yorkshire pudding mixture – the famous accompaniment to roast beef which is a basic mixture of flour, egg and milk. There is always a lot of chat about the best way to make a yorkshire and in Yorkshire itself, there are proper competitions and everyone takes the thing extremely seriously. I think it is a glorified pancake. Other cultures have similar things. I even saw a recipe for ‘Artichokes in the hole’ in an Italian cookery book, but it had the far fancier name of ‘carciofi clafoutis’. You could substitute veggie sausages (recipe to come) for the sausages in this if you are feeding vegetarians. Serve with good old English mustard and gravy
Since several of the top shows (e.g. SGU, Skeptic Zone, Geologic) are posted on Thursday, Friday and Saturday, I think you could do well to do the show assembly on Sunday and post it late Sunday or early Monday morning. That way skeptics can start their week with a review of what they might have missed in the previous week.
I attended Durham University after high school. Obviously, universities have libraries. I have to admit that I only ended up in the library in the third term of my first year to prepare for the exams. The reason I didn't go there earlier was (1) the library was up a freakin' hill (ok, in retrospect, it wasn't too big a hill, but all the students called it "the hill" which made it seem like Mount Everest to me - there was also another hill called "Cardiac Hill", but that's another story); and (2) my college was one of the few lucky enough to have its own small library. I did go to the main library much more often in my second and third years. And I swear - not - that it wasn't only because my younger self had crushes on certain boys who frequented the library more often than me (and they weren't even geeky). For anyone who has a daughter doing this - don't stop them! Had I developed those crushes earlier, my grades would have been much better!!
Shu lost everything. His supporters, his friends, his arm, his power, his belief in Gai as being good and on his side… fucking everything. Even Inori is kinda fucked here. This is the lowest point for Shu in the entire story. He is in deep emotional and physical pain. His cries are absolutely anguished, choked from the shock.
This was the first of the seven eye illustrations. While I was rather confident about creating fear in this eye, I wanted to capture the event in which this moment of distress is felt. I thought about it for a while, interestingly around that same time a friend of mine posted a link to me in regards to the Trayvon case going on in Florida. As I listened to the accounts of what happened I could only imagine what it could have been like in those last few uncertain moments of life, with a gun aimed at one’s self.
Primarily, it gave me an excuse to avoid writing lengthy introductions to each post reviewing key parts of the preceding discussion. Although I usually enjoy writing such introductions, they can become tiresome. In addition to this, the fragmented format allows for easy revision and expansion of the series. Again, this is unlike my previous efforts. Why so? Well, primarily because I found the academic literature on the ethics of cryogenics to be rather sparse. Indeed, I only managed to locate one academic article on this topic (as well as some internet resources):
3. If you could change one thing about your physical appearance, what would it be?
This was my first time cooking with fresh rhubarb. As it reminded me of celery, I thought to remove the outer stringy skin. I lost the reddish color, though I remedied that with a single drop of super red gel paste. I also ended up draining close to 1/4 cup of liquid from the jam.
The show has a lot of been there, done that component to it. It’s not a relatively new concept but it doesn’t really fail in its task. The task to meld the superhumans to crime solvers. The writing is better than most superhuman shows that we have seen in the past. As well as, the characters having depth and intelligence that the other shows lacked. It’s a show that will probably have a cult following in a few years.
I kinda love this portrait because although the space is cheerful and Scott looks great, there's a hint of sadness. That's how life is. Good and bad. Bright and melancholy.
Obama has fired triple the number of drones as his predecessor, and that is NOT enough. It shows that Obama is weak on terrorism that he has not sent 10 times the number of drones into Muslim nations as Bush did.
Also check out Wale’s freestyle with Tim Westwood after the jump
Obviously, due to the length of the book, there is not a lot of time for character development , but this is a story which is plot driven, rather than character driven. The disintegration of normal family life is easy to imagine and well portrayed from the point of view of the youngest son. The writing flowed very easily, and I was never bored. I’ve read The Boy In The Striped Pyjamas, but I think I actually preferred this book. It certainly would encourage me to look out for more work by this author.
I'm sitting here on the couch watching The Bachelor- The Women Tell All...I should be putting finishing touches on my presentation I have to give tomorrow..I should be taking my dog for a walk in the BEAUTIFUL weather outside...I should be doing anything but sitting here blogging and watching tv. I have time...I'll get to it in a minute.
Busby explained: "It was part of the music that was around when I was growing up. My dad was really keen on trad folk and one of my early memories is that he taught me to sing in harmony with him from the Pete Seeger folk book.
Last year, someone I valued very highly came back into my life after a long absence, and she began to ask me the questions that illuminated the labyrinth I had built for myself. She began to gently nudge me towards the light again. She reminded me of what I had once been. She reminded me that I was a writer… and that I still am, no matter how deeply hidden in the shadows it is.
Edit: Since this post is getting a little buzz, i thought i would be fun to showcase black girls doing alternative styles,
If there were ever a shot to get me really annoyed, this would be it. Ladies and gentlemen, this photo does absolutely nothing for you, or your knitting. This applies mainly to photographs of sweaters, but, nonetheless, we are all familiar with this shot: someone is standing in front of the bathroom mirror (occasionally with a toilet in the background) with one arm up, holding a camera in front of their face. Delightful. There are multiple issues with this format of photo, I am going to list 3 of the most offending.
(2) Bring a little bit extra candy, desserts, icing, etc. It is a little tricky because you don't want to over bake/order, but you should give yourself a little room for error. In Whitney's case, the glass bowls broke and she had to throw away the candy that was in that bowl. Luckily, she had extra and none of her guests noticed anything missing.
The term "Craft Beer", its different connotations, the arguments / brawls about its meaning or lack of it have not even remotely entered the radar space of even your most enthusiastic German beer drinkers. If you explain the term to them, the conversation will go "Ah soooo.... well you see here in Germany all beer is brewed like this, because we have our purity law which states that BLAH BLAH BLAH YES SHUT UP PLEASE".
- I think I owe you $188.23?- I asked their Customer Service.
It wasn’t a falling as much as it was a realization
4. Wedge sandals or tennis shoes?
Pardon the crappy cell phone pic. At least I got a before pic this time right?
My son did walk across the stage to graduate, it was just in a different location. He is attending collage now 40 minutes from home. Now that things are getting back to a new normal, I hope to get back to blogging on a regular basis. I have a lot of things to share!
application = Spiritual constipation.
While this naturally afforded Franklin an incredible vantage for commercial power, it would soon place him in the crosshairs of political power as well. In later years he would be most proud of his Exchange days, priding himself in being one of the encouraging voices to tear down the inadequate castle-like Produce Exchange (designed by Leopold Eidlitz) and erecting the larger, more impressive George Post-designed Produce Exchange building near Bowling Green (which itself would be sadly torn down in 1957).
Right after those words I have to start thanking and praising my predecessor, Donna Fiora, who has done big work by sitting us all in the same circle, and helped sharing our secrets among each other. And she somehow got us all to confess that there are no secrets in embroidery, there’s just passion and learning.
Live simply. Love generously. Care deeply. Speak kindly. And enjoy your hot chocolate!
In concert at the intimate Warner, Noel was on top of his game, charging hard through album standouts like “Everybody’s on the Run” and “Dream On,” although he pointedly opened the set with Oasis songs “(It’s Good) To Be Free” and “Mucky Fingers,” a personal favorite of mine.
Apples really don't fall far from the tree :)
One of the best promotional tools any author can use is a personal blog. If you don't have a blog already, set one up. You can use the blog to promote your work, as well as any upcoming work. Link to your sales pages on Amazon from your blog. The higher your blog ranks, the more traffic you will get, and the more referrals are possible for your sales page. You can also write blog posts for Amazon's blog, then link to your book in the signature line. Amazon also has a section of how-to articles on its site. Write an article that is related to the content of your book, then link to it in your signature line.
David was furious with the rich man and said to Nathan, "I swear by the living LORD that the man who did this deserves to die! And because he didn't have any pity on the poor man, he will have to pay four times what the lamb was worth."
These are a few of the amazing designs. I also managed to talk to the designers about their garments and of course I took photos.
I woke up with the intention of getting in a good cardio sesh before work. That didn’t happen. Then I decided I would do it right after work. But that didn’t happen either. Now it’s 9:01 PM and I still haven’t worked out (shout out to CHERYL who hasn’t worked out either). But alas, we aren’t giving up. I changed into my sexxxxxxaaayyyy work out get-up (dirty shorts and two sports bras-because I’m cool like that) and am loading a cardio video I found on YouTube. Despite the horrible living room background, this lady seems to have a pretty decent workout so I’m going to go with it.
At first the two squirrels were as diagrammatic and identical as the rows of dancing mice in a Fleischer brothers cartoon, just ovals heads seen in profile, their necks thrusting out of perfectly circular holes. Tops (on top) had two long hairs, and Button had buckteeth, but otherwise they were twins. The early gags were corny and inoffensive, the better to work their way into a Birmingham paper. Eventually, though, the jokes took on a psychological and philosophical nature, and as Tops and Button found their voices, they also found their look, and gained individual personality and style. The work took on a life of its own.
Atticus O’Sullivan, last of the Druids, lives peacefully in Arizona, running an occult bookshop and shape-shifting in his spare time to hunt with his Irish wolfhound. His neighbors and customers think that this handsome, tattooed Irish dude is about twenty-one years old—when in actuality, he’s twenty-one centuries old. Not to mention: He draws his power from the earth, possesses a sharp wit, and wields an even sharper magical sword known as Fragarach, the Answerer.
3. Subscribe to Frugal Mommy of 2 Girls.
I can’t remember now why I was doing this, whether I’d offered that if they wanted something to let me know because they’d been a big help unloading everything or whether they’d asked. I felt obligated to offer to compensate them, so it was probably my doing, but as I’d had the falling out with the couple on the boat beside ours, it seemed a little inappropriate.
1/2 red pepper, chopped
Meanwhile, boil water in a pot. Add the noodles and stir them first. Cook for about 6 minutes or follow package direction. Rinse them under cold water. Drain the noodles. Cut the noodles if you desire.
I think I’ve had enough of this week. Can it be over now? Please??
#aCentre de Recherche en Neuropsychologie et Cognition, Université de Montréal, Montreal, QC, Canada H3C 3J7;#bCentre de Recherches, Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Sainte-Justine, Montreal, QC, Canada H3T 1C5; and#cUnité de Neuroimagerie Fonctionnelle, Institut Universitaire de Gériatrie de Montréal, Montreal, QC, Canada H3W 1W5
“But others have never told this story,” Hopkins replied.
The weekend was SUPER chill. Friday we just hung at the house and watched a movie. Saturday I woke up INSANELY early for no reason (4 a.m.) and proceeded to work while watching crappy movies (Monte Carlo, The Dilemna) and before I knew it was late. Yes, I had worked all day. SIGH. I got a lot done and felt more prepared
I’m going to be late!!
We started looking for a soft cone. I found one at a pet store a little farther away, called and had them put that sucker on hold. I think I would have driven hours for it.
#1. Cohort review is not an audit in the sense of a junior doctor clinical audit, but falls more in the category of continuous quality improvement, with lessons learned on the hoof, solutions thought of and shared by those on the ground ( the TB case managers) and a process of rolling review to see how improvements have impacted on the outcomes achieved.
Proof?
So, finally I wanted to talk about Young Women's Camp... it was at Eagles Nest and it was HOT! I had a good time but, I'm glad it's over. I was the leader of the 2nd Years and it was interesting to say the least... The theme was "REACH HIGH!" I believe our camp director did a great job integrating that into all the activities. The only thing I would have changed was the food- there was never enough for everyone- The best part of YW Camp was the Rock Wall on the last day-- That was the first time I ever did something like that... I have to admit, I think I'm a adrenaline junkie now ;) So, here are 2 pictures, one from Camp and the other is the new bedroom furniture!
Friend: Why do you have 3 rings?
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to justify my participation in the mind and the experience of rush by telling myself that it doesn’t really matter what I do know because in the evening when I sit down by the computer I will sort it out where i didn’t realize the accumulation effect that my participation in my mind will have
Bamako’s music scene is inextricably linked to its environs. The dusty chaos that defines the city by day is recast every night through shifting rhythms, tempos and timbres. If you want to know the story of Bamako’s citizens, you would do well to examine the music they make.
We had 2 apps the Trout Fingers served with dill sauce and smoked trout filet
What a weekend we had! On Saturday I enjoyed being present with some of my favorite women at an absolutely beautiful Brooklyn brunch in early celebration of Mother's Day (more on that later), and yesterday Taro and the kiddos and I took an impromptu road trip through gorgeous countryside to visit the charming twin towns of New Hope, PA and Lambertville, NJ (they are separated by a little bridge spanning the Delaware River). See more from our adventures, here.
Issue #3 – There’s a good chance the amount of repetition that these players have put in at an early age could lead to “burnout” down the road or a feeling of satisfaction and less of a demand to work hard, because everything came to the player so easily at a young age. This game will eat you up if you don’t continue to get quality repetition over the long haul.
Pakistan’s military and intelligence establishment has not recovered from the embarrassment of failing to detect US Blackhawks crossing unsanctioned into its air space. Its apparent failure to detect bin Laden living a kilometre from its most prestigious military academy is widely seen as either institutional incompetence or terrorist collusion.
colors by percentages?! It helps you
The great thing about the eBook format is that you don't have to print the whole thing out - you can print out one or two pages or none at all. Personally, I printed the whole thing out and put it in a three-ring binder, with special holes punched in it so that it fits into my work notebook/organizer. This way, I can take a few pages with me when I need to come up with my blogging calendars and topics and refer to them if I need something to make it fresh!
In the mean time I hope you all enjoy this podcast and once again thanks for all the comments and questions!
By swing what I mean is mood swing. I never understand it and I don't think I ever will. How could one feels so good and elated one moment, then a short message turns everything upside down to a lingering, sad, disappointment?
I have to ask about What’s Up, Doc? How did you get the role of Frederick Larrabee?
In those two days (Day of hurricane and the next day), my pokewalker-pedometer picked up over 50,000 steps! My feet were killing me so badly! I was thankful they weren't too sore the next few days though; it seemed a long rest in bed helped a lot; ended up sleeping for 14 hours.
Not only do I have great new projects with BBT Projects in Kendal, but I think I made friends for life with Elite Operator and Skills Training in Middelburg as well!
By traveling from one state primary to another, Newt Gingrich is trying to make it impossible for his creditors to track him down.
Like most, I have just one hour for lunch during my work day. Well, today during my lunch hour I shopped Miami, San Francisco, Aspen, Conneticut and Boston! Yep - I visited The Shops at Target. I'm sure you have seen the commercial about Target collaborating with small boutiques across the nation.
If you enjoy reading my posts, feel free to follow me on Twitter and Facebook, I would love to talk to you guys♥ Im on Twitter and Facebook all the time, so please feel free to leave me any questions or requests you might have and I will get back to you, I pinky promise :)
***Note : Milk is added to pound cakes or butter cakes to give them a moist texture.
rate and lasts much longer. That combination makes it perfect for icing good
In the meantime, anything posted on the web is there for eternity, and we invite you to look over our past posts and sample some of the best writing on classical music in cyberspace and, indeed, in the real world too.
Fibromyalgia is an awful thing for the memory and thoughts process. I find myself lacking in focus - even when it's ME that's speaking never mind when someone is trying to explain something to me! It's quite a sickener at times, funny at others - don't worry, I can certainly take the micky out of myself! - but this is just one of those things that i'm having to come to terms with. Pain in one thing, but when it affects the faculties - that's entirely another! There I go again - digressing - which I suppose I was already good at anyway lol!!!
“Yes. A little.”
Whole milk - 1 cup
Last night my hotel, amazingly, had hot water.
The film is the story of a remarkable little boy who goes to a Catholic school in Mumbai where the children bring elaborate and delicious lunches to school (in tall stacked tiffin boxes). Nobody seems to know it—or do anything about it—but Stanley doesn’t have any lunch. The other children are glad to share with Stanley, who is a marvellous storyteller and friend, but a mean teacher (who wants the food they bring himself!) puts a halt to their joyful buffets. He tells Stanley that he can’t come to school if he doesn’t bring his own lunch.
- Salt & Pepper
You try to make more good than bad.
5. Agree together beforehand, that when one of you is sinfully angry and upset the other shall silently and gently bear it until you have come to your sanity. (20)
Before you came to camp came many a welcome gift,
The article was written by Newcastle University researchers Melissa Bateson and Jeri Wright based on their bee study. It appeared in the June issue of Current Biology. To read more on this fascinating topic, GO HERE.
Apparently there is another fellow Chicagoan that is screaming for spring too because within an hour of putting this girl on Craigslist, she was sold!
Because of the risk of opposition supporters “over-remembering” receiving calls directing them to the wrong polling station, Graves used a control group of 1,500 respondents in other ridings, where there were no allegations of misleading calls. Only 14.3% of Liberal supporters in those ridings reported receiving misleading calls.
Then, a few month's back, the boys wanted Tinkerbell to have a birthday, so based on estimations, we calculated her birthday to be sometime in February...why not Valentine's Day!
The first release was 157 cases of 1973 Chardonnay, which like the 1974 Cabernet Sauvignon was made from bought in grapes. It was not until 1976 that the estate produced a small harvest of their own Sauvignon Blanc grapes.
Not only under ground are the brains of men
Mara felt herself creaming in response to the hot stranger. “Nope, we’re gonna take a cab since we thought we might be havin’ more than a few more drinks. Are you?”
Female peer: "Your parents don't let you have any fun. You can't do anything. No good movies. No good music..."
I hope you enjoyed this little peek into my makeup bag! I'll admit, now that I'm working from home I tend not to wear makeup unless we're doing something that would actually involve me changing out of my yoga pants that I seem to be sporting on a daily basis. However, that doesn't mean I don't still absolutely love makeup/beauty products...mine just last a little longer now that I'm not using them every single day!
if you do have a particularly bad infestation, malathion & seven dust are effective.
It's a #writemotivation month again, so every Monday I'll be blogging about how things are coming with meeting my goals for the month.
‘At no point did anyone at the hospital say what my GP did tell me: that there was still plenty of time for the baby to turn by itself and that there was no need to worry. Nobody apart from my antenatal teacher told me that there might be something I could do to help the baby turn.
I really wish sometimes that I could walk around with a sandwich board saying, "Don't judge me! I don't pig out all day! This isn't my fault!"
Am I gonna see you again? he asks. Or is this one of those things? His voice starts to trail off. I never was good at these things. I could tell he was a good kid. Seemed a little fresh off the boat but workable under different circumstances. He lights up a cigarette then offers me one. I reluctantly accept. I don’t know. This seemed nice. Leave me your number and maybe we could do this again some time.
But in the early 60s, I had to content myself with watching all of Bond’s illegitimate children on tv.
Don't get me wrong, the beer is still wonderful and probably more of a crowd pleaser in the NW than mine would be. The color is gorgeous and the nose is spot-on perfect. You get the Challenger hop (super prevalent in British beer nowadays - apparently Fuggles is so old that it has become too susceptible to disease and pests so Challenger is taking its place) aroma immediately and the hop flavor is saturated but restrained. Excellent. Oh, and the label is pretty cool too.
Wayne A. Grudem is a research professor of Bible and theology at Phoenix Seminary in Scottsdale, Arizona. Previously he was chairman of the department of biblical and systematic theology at Trinity Evangelical Divinity School in Deerfield, Illinois, where he taught for twenty years. Dr. Grudem is the author of several books and articles, including the widely used text Systematic Theology: An Introduction to Biblical Doctrine.
Ok, the video's freaking weird, and for some reason the band is dressed like elephants, but man do I love that song. A whole lot. And then, Coldplay performed the song "Every Teardrop is a Waterfall." Yep, Idol gave them two performances. Because they're Coldplay, obviously, and Idol was clearly kissing their asses big time. And guess what? I loved that song too. I love "Paradise" more, but still. -sigh-
Concern for Islah in Bygone Days
Wasserman-Schultz: the GOP borrowed money
Cuff: Alexis Bittar
Our apartment is now completely covered in scaffolding and there is a layer of green netting over it. The light that comes in has a distinct green tinge and it's not exactly enlivening. I makes me just want to stay in bed.
Yesterday's 4Mile race gave me that. The feeling was so intense I ended up pushing myself harder than intended, harder than my training allowed. For the last quarter mile I pushed myself so hard that for the first time ever I crossed the finish line looking for a bucket. Dry-heaving by the side of the road from great exertion was one of those pleasures and a privilege.
Chamille isn't holding her breath. She asked me why it seems that we are the only ones who seem to see that what they are doing isn't going to work. This girl's other friends are all in favor of her playing nice to get her life back. Chamille is, and always has been, 100% about honesty, even if it's painful or uncomfortable. She wonders why her friend doesn't just talk to her mom honestly and tell her exactly how she feels and what she wants, at this point, what would she have to lose?
Stay injury-free
Just like mama and papa
Mom has been having a bad couple of days. She fell on Thursday (and I already gave her my most irritated look for not having me with her) and it has set off a turn for the worst. We are hoping that her doctor will either be able to move p her procedure or speed up the process to get the spinal cord stimulator test done.
The Valentine ticket is from Odds and Ends, stamped in Jet Black Archival ink on red card stock. The edges were distressed with my scissors, Vintage Photo DI was smeared over the ticket. It's attached with the Mini Clip.
Earl Gray - Nursing injured starlings and badgers, "If You Look Good You Feel Good" - the history of British tailoring, Why a brand of tea was named after me.
“I was down in South Carolina when I saw this small town newspaper filled with local mugshots. I decided to replicate the mugshots in zombie form; I called it One Hundred and One Undead Heads. Most of them weren’t too far off.”
I stuck to that practice on Sunday but times have changed; with no threat of a ban many local runners wore Wesham and Blackpool colours as normal.
2. Link directly to your creation with IN-Linkz.
by The Sons of the Pioneers
10 As all persons are held innocent until they shall have been declared guilty, if arrest shall be deemed indispensable, all harshness not essential to the securing of the prisoner’s person shall be severely repressed by law.
This of course implies that the host populations of Europe are behaving in a "Fascist" manner - she could not actually say this openly but the implication is absolutely clear.
Global Youth Service Day (GYSD) was last weekend, April 20-22! Although I’ve worked on other projects this year, GYSD is the central part of my Public Ally term of service. I am, after all, Our Piece of the Pie’s “2012 Global Youth Service Day Coordinator” … or I was. With the big day (April 21st) behind me, I’m experiencing an odd combination of feeling relief and feeling like I lost something very important. On my first day at Our Piece of the Pie, I was handed a massive binder left by last year’s GYSD Coordinator.
A break from my alphabet posts because of an important announcement. The Federal government is going ahead with funding for CCSVI clinical trials. Read about it here http://www.thestar.com/news/canada/politics/article/1016906--ottawa-to-fund-trials-of-controversial-ms-treatment?bn=1
"Hooray," he said, "I know what I'll do, I make the cookies crinkle!"
Simpson was one of the most popular and influential leaders among Populist-minded western and mid-western farmers of the late 19th century. Angered over low crop prices, crippling bank loans, and high shipping rates, farmers began to unite in self-help groups like the Grange and the Farmers' Alliances. Initially, these groups primarily provided mutual assistance to members while agitating for the regulation of railroads and grain elevators. Increasingly, though, they became centers of support for more sweeping political change by uniting to help form the new nationwide third-party movement known as the Populists.
American Airlines lost $1.7 billion in the last quarter. I’m willing to bet they put it in a suitcase and checked it in.
What is at stake in the Afghan government’s efforts to make peace with the Taliban?
I think my one disappointment was my Yorkshire tea, a black blend. It had an undertaste I didn’t like, and bitter or sour aren’t the right words to describe it. Sugar cubes improved it. The tea also got cold, despite the pot being in a cozy, though I’m sure they would have been happy to add more hot water. That said, everyone else appeared to enjoy their teas. I was feeling adventurous, but next time I would have to go back to my old faithful, English breakfast. And yes, I anticipate quite a few next times to this tearoom.
When my daughter was born in September 2008 there was, as you can imagine, very little time for making beads. I kept my glass melting addiction fed by making twistie cane and occasionally blowing some shards. By the end of that year I had graduated on to making my very first simple starburst murrini too and it occurred to me that these elements should all belong together in pretty little colour coordinated collections to dip into from time to time for lampworking inspiration.
The discussion about the Egyptian Heiroglyphs have surfaced once again as the developers try to move into Bambara Road at Kariong in 2010
God gave me a verse for this year which I am wanting to walk in.
I somehow ended up with this really pretty ribbon in my room- I'm sure my family set it in there, thinking I would want to craft with it. Of course, I did! I decided I needed it for a belt this weekend, and didn't want to just tie the ribbon around my waist. So I went with this.
Given by Papa God, December 14, 2009
they have beautiful kits all put together for you!
Lawmakers fear a big drop in investor confidence in U.S. stocks and bonds could start in Asia and sweep toward Europe and the Americas, causing U.S. stock values to plunge on Monday…. – AP, 7-23-11
Breezy is great for a day of shopping and a casual lunch with friends or a picnic in the park with your honey.
Someone he loved,
To my other sweet winners:
I have serious issues with my baking capacities after I failed to bake a cake four times in a row…Four times! And yes, it was just a simple cake. Pfff!
he conducted the Berlin Philharmonic from 1945 to 1952. At that
The fact that the President had to fly into Afghanistan when it was dark and fly out before it got light, that after ten-and-a-half years of fighting there, we can’t be confident of his safety either at Bagram Air Force Base or downtown Kabul, tells us more than his speech.
This wonderment is very alien to a New Yorker, and visiting the reef seemed like one of the best things to do in the Florida Keys - exploring the marine environment. Price competition was cutthroat for excursions to the reef - good news for the consumer. My companion and I chose and reserved space on a spanking clean catamaran for only $27. The fee included round trip fare to the reef, snorkeling equipment rental, instruction on the use of the equipment, and an unlimited open bar (alcohol only on the return trip).
I asked Garrett three questions: the first was about his views on the use of so much crystal malt in US beers. He reckoned it was mainly a West Coast thing and thought perhaps it was because American Craft Brewing is so heavily influenced by formative years of home brewing. He agreed with my proposition that you can't overcome over use of hops, by adding crystal sweetness. My second question was about how he thought his beers might be if slightly reduced in alcoholic strength, particularly the Black Chocolate Stout. His answer was basically that he felt that alcohol adds a layer of complexity and further added that BCS is a beer that develops as it matures. The one we were drinking was fairly young and the alcohol much more up front. Older ones are softer and smoother. So perhaps a tip for those keeping some back in their cellar?
These fiends are worse than we know and they will never be satisfied, until the entire Earth is one big concentration camp and killing floor. They delight in the misery they bring about. They do evil for the sheer joy of it. They take an extreme pleasure in outrage and torment. They have developed a taste for it and there is no reason, rationale or restraining emotion that can be applied in any argument that will have any success, in causing them to cease and desist. They are monsters. They have forfeited every human quality, in order to be what they are. They are beyond reach of anything but the urgings and appetites of the infernal realms.
I grill outdoors year 'round. If you prefer to cook indoors, asparagus can be roasted in the oven, single layer on a sheet pan lined with foil, at a high temp (450 F.) for approx. 15 - 20 mins or until a char crust develops.
It's not about what's occurred in history, it's about what's happened in our own lives every few years. We have to end former versions of ourselves, and begin anew. Grasping this philosophy can make the “death” phases easier to bear, knowing that a job loss or empty nest (or just a deep funk that doesn't seem to have any real cause) is a necessary part of the cycle.
I was also given several tips on how to tighten the prose as a whole, and how to better draw the readers into the story and keep them immersed, rather than unintentionally pulling them out of it. Which is not an easy task to accomplish, especially in the beginning. Yet it’s vital in order to write a compelling story.
And yesterday Joel put them into the ground. He chose a bed between two hoophouses as it is a little more sheltered there and our spring is continuing to be cold and wet.
out the door
the boys had some swim shirts on ..but teacher said they could move their arms easier with out them --so they took em'off..
In the spaces left by all this, I am adding some more of what did great, AND I loved. I will be adding a few more coneflowers, more agapanthas, more area for cleome to reseed, and a few more rose bushes. I have another hydrangea whom I got for 4 dollars in late November and never made it out of its pot. And its out there putting out buds, despite his severe neglect. I have planted a start of blue sky vine (Thunbergia Grandiflora) which was stolen (the cutting) from a neighbor (I hope he forgives me, and cringe if he saw me out there at 7am trying to cut the piece with my keys). And when the time comes in May foxgloves will again be the star of the show around here.
will a penny left?
All this growth has brought me to a place I'd been avoiding most of my life -- being with myself. I've stayed busy, very busy, mostly because I've never been comfortable just being alone with myself. That would require me to be still for a few moments, and I've never been good at that. It would mean I had to acknowledge my own needs - not distractions or indulgences (I'm good that seeing those) -- but my real needs. I'd have to take care of me, honor myself and love myself. Yeah, really not good at that, because first I need to claim my worth. So, what do I do instead? I stay busy, I overbook myself, I avoid being home.
If you’re a fan of craft beer and microbreweries as opposed to say Bud Light or Coors, you should say a little thank you to Jimmy Carter. Carter could very well be the hero of International Beer Day.
So far, Spring has been just lovely here! I worked on freshening up our porch/side entry a couple weeks ago, but had to wait for the local garden center to have the impatiens I needed to share pictures. They finally got them in today, so we headed over and grabbed some to fill our pots. Here is a look at the porch...
Today, there is a little less Joy in our community with the loss of Jessie. Take a moment to see how this AMAZING 12 year has touched people all over the world by searching Jessica Joy Rees on Facebook or on youtube.
One of the suggestions in the preserve's visitor packet:
I met Andrea when she hired me to work at a little wine shop.
I must also mention that these are some of the best fansubs I’ve seen since the old Tomodachi Fushigi Yuugi episodes (ooh, I’m dating myself there). The coding and timing is great, and the sub itself is well-translated and smooth. Also, these are very high-quality copies so if you’re going to watch an anime online, these are the ones you want to start with. Happy watching!
I'm never leaving, motherfuckers.
Whatever living beings there may be;
1970s oil painting
Hugo: Wow, would be nice to see how a wine would evolve over 30 years. (Jeff humbly laughs with a grin, knowing that would be him)
So, you feel not only rejected but you feel in a way, crashed. You feel like your self esteem is down. This happens to everybody, because if every single relationship worked out every time, every person that you like, like you back, what are chances to that, not very good. So here’s what you need to do:
This phrase has been common in my family forever. I have heard it since I was little and it is easily understandable. But since I have moved to Iowa for college I have started to notice that everyone is confused when I say it. I will often here “six of one half dozen of the other” coming from people instead. This phrase is completely lost by me, I understand it but can never remember the correct words or how they are organized in the phrase.
Immersing dresses in water is perhaps a recurring theme on this blog – as a long time ago I featured both a silk river dress, and an Ophelia inspired shoot where I submersed myself completely. I wasn’t willing to be that devoted to the photos this time though, not least because post-surgery I get quite extreme itching radiating out across my back after swimming in very cold river or sea water.
Tongue-tied and twisted just an earth-bound misfit, I
Take my profile picture for example. Here is the full version below-
Here's what I discovered:
This novel is a story largely about identity, and about how far understanding one’s own identity helps one to belong (and vice versa). That is to say, it’s about people in search of a narrative. But it’s also a historical study of another narrative, one of social change, about the reasons why Iris is so much more comfortable in her own skin, and so much more confident, than Marcel ever was. Ambitious, sensitive and graceful, Stray Love is a book that stays quietly with you long after the book is closed.
You don’t have to have a blog to play along with the sketch challenge. If you upload your project to any on-line galleries or forums, please use the keyword of WMSC57. Better yet, why not upload it to your album in the Waltzingmouse Stamps Gallery?
She'll be donating $1 to the American Heart Association for every entry of a heart healthy recipe in commemoration/celebration of her mom's heart transplant.
got up.. walked 1/2 mile on my tread mill at maximum incline.. 3.1 mph and carrying 2- 10 pound weights..
Anyway, what I really wanted to tell my friends out there is this: I’ve decided to go back to architecture school. I’m applying to graduate programs right now and hope I get accepted for the fall, if I don’t maybe I’ll get into the English programs I’ve applied to, those results aren’t in yet. In short, I finally have my ducks in a row and options. Fingers crossed. Sadly, most of you won’t be reading this because I’ve deactivated my Facebook account. I hope you’ll still find a way into my life, but we will see. I’m watching (=P). Don’t worry, if everything goes well and I get a job I’ll be back on, it’s only temporary (you know, jic), and I am still writing my book, so I’ll definitely be around to promote that and the finishing of it. Btw, it is going to be a rather long series, I’ve planned it out now, so don’t expect anything too quickly and too short (like these lovely posts!), okay people?
“If we have enough we should leave it alone. Besides I think that clerk is starting to get suspicious. I think he recognized me from last time. He kept looking at me funny.” Henry starts laughing.
sang it today in celebration of the 70th anniversary.
Beguiling and charming, sweet and fun; TinkerBell and the Great Fairy Rescue shakes off the recent film animation trends to appeal to a wide range of audiences through multi layered languaging and gags – instead focusing on being a great childrens film; one strictly made for kids.
“I can’t remember whether he said Liberal or Independent.”
-The word NO has become the foulest four letter word you ever heard
1 wager
I hope this note finds you well.
10. No Feelings
You know what recovery is?
My baby boy Alex is 8 years old! Wow, we have been SOOO BLESSED with this little boy…THANK YOU GOD for this little boy. What a blessing he is in our family. I can’t believe he is now 8 years old. He is such a happy little boy. Always ready to help us whenever we ask and SO polite! He is the best big brother ever. Always helping out with the boys and being so calm and helping so much with his baby brothers. With matthew, he is always willing to help me with getting whatever I need…medical wise, wow, this little boy is amazing when it comes to drs appts for matthew. Being WONDERFUL there at the different appts and when matthew is in the hospital, he does great there. He has unfortunately had to witness several of matthew’s massive seizures and he has great at getting me the phone to call 911 and going downstairs to open the door for EMS….just such a BRAVE little boy! so proud of him! And for Joshua, he LOVES his baby brother and he LOVES playing with him. Finally, someone who he can play with and run around with and Joshua looks up to him…Joshua follows him everywhere! So cute…wants to do whatever Alex does! And so smart…he is now in the 3rd grade and he loves being homeschooled. He does so well in all his studies and just keeps amazing me on his memory of everything and what he learns. He ‘gets’ it quickly. He needs little if any help with his studies. He usually does it all on his own, only asking for help if he just doesn’t get it. So proud of him. And his belief in God is just amazing to watch. He loves learning all about HIM and he loves that our homeschool curriculum is based on our faith of Catholicism. He probably knows more than we do about it! And such a sponge when it comes to something he loves. And just loves his LEGO’s and his WII games. He is also just amazing when it comes to a computer. Since the age of 4, he has been able to get on, get to where he wants to go and play and get online like a pro! And he sits there and watches YOUTUBE and learns how to make LEGO’s figures and ships and such. Wow, his creations are just amazing.
Right after that, it was time for my sweet friend Betty's graduation party. This Ethiopian native realized a longtime dream and now has her master's degree! Two of my lovely friends reached the grad-degree milestone this year. I am so proud of Betty and Mary!
The students will draw a card, write the number, then draw the tallies that match.
Starin' into the sky, wonderin' why
No doubt the great pro-life witness of Father Michael Williams will inspire more and more clergy to stand on the front-lines of the pro-life movement. Thank you Father Leon for joining us today!
“Did he have any family?” Jacobs voice sounded hollow.
Of course we also had to pass quality control with our final design...
First off, I’d like to apologize for the lack of quality posting around here lately. My bad. Will pick up again hopefully very soon, after the busiest months of the year. You know the drill…I’ve said it before, contest work and school and this weekend is prom and blah blah blah.
online
This story has been run it would seem with some sort of glee to the fact that there is an absence of BNP candidates.
Knowing how to create this silence through words is like knowing how to touch a wild animal to quiet it . . .
Mike and Sam experienced hunger, humiliation, and discomfort like most of us will never know in search of experiencing Paul's state of contentment, "whether with everything or with nothing". And they experienced moments that seemed more like divine appointments like when they played worship songs to help a mentally disabled homeless woman to fall asleep...
30. Kissed more than 4 people in one night? - Only in a New Year's Eve or a party or post performance cheek-kissing way.
Fiona
My thread of choice is a rayon/cotton blend. It's thin and is buried nicely in the fabric. Less chance that your stitches will show!
- I have no news to tell
3. Fridays are my favourite day for no other reason thant they are named after a lady called Frig.
3. For a Few Paintballs More: Very funny episode, but I wouldn’t say I laughed out loud that much at it. It’s this high up because: 1. it’s pretty fresh in my memory, but 2. it was just so damn fun. This one was an absolute joy to watch. I especially loved the turns from the minor characters that inhabit Greendale (Magnitude, Vicki, and particularly Leonard). Great end to the season.
So the laid back boot style is here and I love it! It is all about relaxation and they look super cool and even sexy when done with the right outfit.
I've made the decision to stop doing my blog.
2. Look at the big, sweet puppy yawn.
Where the Erazer falls down – like other gaming machines – is portability. With 389 x 264 x 52mm dimensions and a 123-minute battery life, we doubt you’ll be taking this laptop on a road trip across the country.
I've never read a Stephen King book before this one and, although some crude and graphic scenes were depicted, I was glad that the pure gore and horror wasn't really there. I fell in love with this book because I'm a junkie for apocalyptic style books that present some sort of 'end of the world' vibe.
Jesus never says, “In the name of God, I say do these things,” or, “By the power of the Holy Name do I command you.” He just gives the command and it happens, like at Creation.
‘if it feels good do it’ and America forgot the
Here's my second card with details~
When his last bullet had been fired, the young gunslinger, still laughing, holstered his gun and turned around to go back into the saloon.
london: virago 2011
The lead actors have to be commended – they did well in recreating these real-life stories. Audience members will recognise quite a few of the actors from local television shows. I thought the supporting cast of David James (District 9), Robin Smith (Invictus), Charles Bouguenon and others were just as strong in their portrayals.
“Yes, and let’s get some ice cream”
In the pause to reevaluate value fulfillment,
Finally, we'll make our way through the TEMPLE QUARTER, past some of the most beautiful temples and old churches, including the CHURCH OF THE DIVINE FLESH, which I know some of you are curious about. And then we'll end our tour back here, outside the PILGRIM'S INN, where you can dine if you so desire; tell them Hamesh sent you, and they may even give you a discount.
Cravings: Nothing specific... just trying super hard to eat healthy..I need to eat a bit more veggies and less carbs! Been doing great with protein...
Dit was dus even mijn korte berichtje en gauw terug naar de pyramides...........
Silence your windy bottom by pulling apart your buttocks before you pump. Hey Presto! No embarrassing 'fart' noise
It's really true. He is risen! We have a living hope (1Peter 3:1).
I suspect Occupy is going to get a lot of experience.
Cans have been particularly popular in Colorado. This is partly because one of the nation's largest manufacturers of cans, Ball Corp., is located in Golden, not far from Coors.
Open and ready for a deposit of toothbrush and deodorant, that bag sat waiting on the bathroom counter.
Do something creative each day’ is very much integrated into their teaching philosophy throughout the school and they take great pride in displaying their creativity around the school as well as via exhibitions and public competitions.
“There are many things the private sector does well, but investment in depressed areas is not often one of them,” said Chris Tilly, director of the UCLA Institute for Research on Labor and Employment. “The nature of private-sector investors is to look where the payoff is. If you’ve got large swaths of the city where there are bad schools, poor people and crime, that’s not where private investment will go.”
The origin of the previously described mysterious noisome aromatic residue of a long dead tabby tom in the childhood bedroom of E@L has been sourced. Sleep easy one and all. It used to be that whenever (usually Christmas) E@L arrived from his sojourn in the Far Orient, he would be ensconced in this room and instantly his presence would stir the unmistakable stench of a crusty old cat intent on ensuring his domain was marked with a copious burst of pungent you-rine. Pee-you indeed! The fact that this tom had been long deceased - we are talking many, many years, like six, seven, eight - did little to diminish the olfactory memory of his attraction to E@L's den of repose.
Have a great day and thanks for stopping by!
Hosea 4:6 (KJV)
It's ironic that now I have all the time in the world to write, my blogging has almost ground to a halt. This wasn't supposed to happen. I'd imagined writing posts about the progress of 'Steerforth Books' and my first steps in the precarious world of self-employment.
I hesitate, only to fail
May 15 - Barbara Stuart, actress ("Bachelor Party"), 81
K: “He’s kind of just lying there, looking up at me with this expression like ‘Paint me like one of your French girls.’”
villagers,” says the book. It adds that a nickname
During the autumn, the lotus flowers in the lakes grow in large numbers because of the absence of lilies; both the lilies and the lotus flowers grow by sunshine, but during the autumn season, the scorching sunshine helps only the lotus. This example is given in the case of a country where the king or the government is strong; the rise of unwanted elements like thieves and robbers cannot prosper. When the citizens become confident that they will not be attacked by robbers, they develop very satisfactorily. A strong government is compared to the scorching sunshine in the autumn season; the lilies are compared to unwanted persons like robbers, and the lotus flowers are compared to the satisfied citizens of the government. During autumn, the fields become filled with ripened grains. At that time, the people become happy over the harvest and observe various ceremonies, such as Navānna–the offering of new grains to the Supreme Personality of Godhead. The new grains are first offered to the Deities in various temples, and all are invited to take sweet rice made of these new grains. There are other religious ceremonies and methods of worship, particularly in Bengal, where the greatest of all such ceremonies is held, called Durgā Pūjā.
I try to practise writing, but I´m sad to say it will only take me so far. I. Will. Do. It. On. Lust. On inspiration. Because I love. IloveIloveilove. And that´s it.
…OR…
- Harriet has totally mastered the Falling Asleep By Herself trick. She is seriously a pro. We have fine-tuned the bedtime routine so that it is super consistent every night (bath, books, prayer, sleep) and she actually says, "Time to go night-night" and puts her head on her pillow. I give her a big hug, leave the room, and within five minutes she's asleep. It's a.mazing. And I praise God for this breakthrough.
Rebecca was young then, but she remembered that evening with precise detail. While her mother was massaging her leg, they approached a four way intersection. She didn’t see the blinking red light in time to stop, and as she slammed on the brakes, a semi-truck was passing through. Its loud horn was drowned by the sound of the rainstorm. The truck slammed into the front of the 1988 Pontiac Grand Am, forcing it to go into circles. The steering wheel pushed into Angela’s chest, killing her instantly. Rebecca was pushed into the front seat on top of Mabel. Both Mabel and Rebecca escaped with minor injuries.
The guys are drinking Jack and Coke, and the girls are drinking Jack Honey and Coke.
Our tree after all the little ones were tucked into bed.
Mitt Romney sounds like the type of man that would be more prompt to reward the wealthy with even more wealth than help the poor with little or no wealth. As President, he would focus his energy on giving people more of an incentive to be wealthy and successful, as if being wealthy and successful isn’t its own reward. The more people make, the less they are required to contribute in order to help others who are not successful. The less somebody makes the less help they should receive from the social collective. Mr. Romney doesn’t want to do anything to encourage anyone, to give anybody the impression, that if they don’t have the resources to get ahead on their own merit that there would still be opportunities available for them.
Cook the crust empty for around 12-15 minutes, follow instructions on the package.
this year, we celebrated at frank’s american restaurant with a small group of close friends. the special thing about frank’s is that it’s huge, and the menu is varied and everything (no seriously, everything!) is delicious- oh and they serve fantastic cocktails!
How about the names they slap on the side of the can to sell this overpriced Kool-Aid: Rock Star, Monster, Overdrive, Donkey Kick, Dragon Piss, Hulk's Scrotum Sweat...
with happiness earned
An Australian-made hand-crafted candle, Gascoigne & King minimises their environmental footprint as much as possible throughout the entire manufacturing process: from hand-pouring each candle in their Surrey Hills studio to hand-delivering each order to their Sydney retailers. Unfortunately they can't hand-deliver to Brisbane, but we appreciate the attention to detail and commitment to environmental awareness at Gascoigne & King.
This is the era of news at your fingertips. The touch of newsprint has been replaced by the scroll of the iPads or tablet. News spreads at lightning speed on Twitter, and Facebook is the platform to share your favourite stories. The world is changing and big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow; Rupert Murdoch, take a look!
"People are now more aware of their skin and of the need to see a doctor when they see changes," Dr. Brewer says. "As a result, many cases may be caught before the cancer advances to a deep melanoma, which is harder to treat."
6′s-
Marriage is hard work, nearly every single day. Some parts of it get easier as time passes. Some parts get much harder. If you bring children into the equation, the work gets harder but often feels better.
I'm busy.
So, which story will we choose to love, believe in and build our lives upon? Perhaps our answer is most clearly revealed in the songs we choose to love and believe in. So let us choose wisely. AMEN.
is inspired by Adina’s adorable and seriously perfect looking kitty Tristram’s golden eyes. It’s somewhere between antique and muted yellow gold, so there are greenish leanings. It actually reminds me a bit of dirty 9K gold jewellery!!!!The holo effect is pretty strong on this one, almost linear. It’s a fairly flattering gold on me too, which is not often the case!!! Two coats like the others.
As I sat and watched, I was interested in a couple of things:
KEVIN VAN HENTENRYCK: Yeah, that's true.
Accessories and Beyond
These are just so versatile... I love them for Thank You cards, but they can be used for all occasions.
-Finish laundry
However trust me; it improves after the first glass. After a couple you even start to enjoy it. You may very well fall over, but it won’t be outside on the ice going to or coming from a dumpy pub.
I had planned the shindig for right after school on some random day, like Wednesday. On Tuesday evening, my mom got an angry call from one of the little girl’s moms. She was upset because my mom was throwing a soiree during work hours, and the mom couldn’t get her daughter to the party.
Perhaps the first aspect of this study that should be mentioned when discussing this papers limitations is the fact that this was a pilot study. This means that the actual research gathered was not of utmost importance. Instead the pilot was designed to test how the group could work together and looking at any problems that may arise in this study that might occur in the main study in Antwerp and Rotterdam which will take place later in the semester. (read about the projects here – about)
Slice the jack fruit in to small pieces...
Overlook a space of flowers,
