I have heard there is no greater love then to lay down your own life for someone elses...
“A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops.”
They have a formidable pack in the likes of Cian Healy, Richardt Strauss and Mike Ross, while their lineout options include captain Leo Cullen and World Cup winner Brad Thorn.
Top - also Target $5.00 Op shop
Tapioca desserts are fun to make--a great idea for cooking with children--and probably one of the easiest ways to get a filling dessert on the table in no time.
Ineligible But Interesting
“Fancy dinners, things like that?”
Frederic Whitehurst, a chemist and lawyer who worked in the FBI’s crime lab, testified that he was told by his superiors to ignore findings that did not support the prosecution’s theory of the bombing.
Well, here's the secret weapon:
I've used a LOTV die cut square on this card, so no colouring involved... so you'd think it would've been a quick one, but for some reason it's been hanging around my craft room half finished for days!
screaming of women and laughing all night,
And, lo and behold, my sunflower popped her first petal.
I think ideology and activism can be compared to scientific progress. According to the philosopher of science Thomas Kuhn, science doesn’t smoothly progress, it often has paradigm shifts (example: when classical physics were shown to be an approximation to relativistic physics, or when it was discovered that the Sun didn’t revolve around the Earth). Scientific progress could be describes like this:
Both players are well positioned in Poland – Sikorsky owns PZL Mielec and runs the S70i assembly line in the country while Augusta-Westland have acquired PZL Świdnik, an experienced manufacturer of Sokół helicopters widely used by Polish Army and Navy.
The Good: The family. If it wasn't for the wife and kids I don't know that I could have slogged through the last month. The kids are growing well. Tank, Cakes and Cookie Monster are as fun and as adorable as ever. I love spending time with them, when I can. I am gone 14 or so hours most days, so I never feel like I get enough time with them. I was worried little tank wasn't going to know who I am. But he grins and smiles with me any time I get to spend time with him. I've decided I'm going to take the summer off of school so I can spend some precious time with them all.
Perfect timing for Friday Fragments! I have a jumble of things to unload. For more jumbled thoughts from other fabulous bloggers go visit Mrs. 4444s.
Well it's only 10pm, but feels like 2am to me ( well, I have been awake since 4am this morning !)
In defence of gold auditing policy, Treasury Department Inspector General Eric Thorson maintained that independent annual audits of the U.S. Government’s deep storage gold reserves have been conducted annually since 1993. But his choice of words was weaselly-careful to hide one crucial fact: the auditing firm – KPMG – only audits the Treasury’s audit. In short, KPMG checks the Fed’s sums: it has no more idea than you or I whether the numbers are true or not.
Thus it is possible to a proven way that one could truly change from any shedding gamer to some earning gamer without wanting to optimize your current online game, without having extra effort exactly what thus ever? Properly the immediate answer is. Rake back!
When I first picked it up, I thought it would be a lot of puffery and braggadoccio, but it was actually quite interesting. It's about Amerigo Vespucci, Giovanni Verazzano and Filippo Mazzei. It was particularly interesting to compare Vespucci and Verazzano's explorations, and their reactions to the native people they encountered.
On October 21, 2009, Dave Camp, the car rental bismarck north dakota on the car rental bismarck north dakota will need nursing care including long-term care at some point of their own sets of rules and regulations when it comes time for the car rental bismarck north dakota. More fun can be hard to determine the car rental bismarck north dakota between coverage and cost-then do some shopping on your own. This means that a person receives $200,000 insurance benefits from a partnership policy; therefore, he or she moves to another state.
Nov 02 Bristol Academy Bristol, UK
To achieve a Zero IBU IPA, the brewers agreed upon a list of ingredients – spearmint, bay leaves, rosemary, juniper berries, and elderflower – to replace the bitterness typically imparted by hops.
That sounds tremendously melodramatic.
My absolute favourite word should not be in print, for children to hear. Let’s go with “WOW” because it can summarize so many situations.
Heat a large skilled on medium heat. When hot, spray with cooking spray and reduce heat to medium-low. Drop 1/4 cupfuls of batter, slightly flattening them with the back of a spoon and cook a few minutes or until golden. Turn and cook the other side until golden. Set aside, and repeat with the remaining batter.
Krishnamurti: What do you mean by its being good for them? Is there not something else one can do to help? What can one do for another when that person is suffering? One can give sympathy and affection. Suppose that I am suffering because I love someone who does not love me in return, and that I happen to be your son. Your prayer will not relieve my suffering. What happens? You discuss the matter with me, but the pain still remains because I want that love. What do you want to do when you see someone suffer whom you love? You want to help; you want to take away the suffering from him. But you cannot, because that suffering is his prison. It is the prison that he himself has created, a prison that you cannot take away – but that does not mean that your attitude should be one of indifference.
I’ve given your disc several listens. Interstate and Joan Doanut are my favorites. That’s not a question, obviously, but feel free to respond.
What we are involved in and what I am trying to establish is that the greater context will reveal beyond any reasonable doubt that the church will rule from heaven, not earth. To constantly use the word “kingdom” as the straightedge for your argument is not conclusive. That’s why we have to go elsewhere to make the determination. Really, the word “kingdom” doesn’t tell us anything about location. It’s entirely about “rulership” which naturally involves the actual government or the realm of that government. In and of itself it tells us nothing about location. Using it as straightedge to determine location is ineffective and inconclusive.
As I learn from reading articles, blogs, books and websites regarding my son's evolving developmental/learning needs, I am more convinced than ever that each child's situation is unique. There are many interacting dynamics that come into play to create that certain situation -- factors that need to be considered together yet separately in order to find an appropriate response. I am listing some of my findings here in case they help anybody. Please note that the following are based on my own observations pertaining to my particular circumstance. I do not pretend to be an expert about anyone else's situation and have absolutely no interest in telling anybody how to parent their children.
Only once in my life have I had a similar experience, and that was during childbirth. I don’t think you can compare the two, really. I mean, if you bear down and push hard enough while having a baby, lots of women poop on the table. It just happens. No one talks about it much. Needless to say, if you’ve never gone through the experience, do not eat huge meals before labor. Your medical staff will be so incredibly appreciative.
Luke Kuechly has made a name for himself with his ability to tackle. His production has been unmatched and he shows the ability to finish the job on a consistent basis. He is not overly powerful and he’s not the type of player to lay the wood or stick players and stop them dead in their tracks. Kuechly does a great job of breaking down in space, playing with good pad level and overall form. Staying square to his target Kuechly keeps his head up and does a good job of shooting his arms up through contact. This allows Kuechly to consistently wrap up his ball-carrier and bring them to the turf. Very rarely will you see Kuechly fail to make a tackle. He is a sure as they come and while they might not be the most flashy hits in the world they are effective and even capable of jarring the ball loose from time to time.
Boy, was I wrong! Capital-W wrong.
Speaking of this week, we have some great encouraging articles lined up for you! It's all starting tomorrow! Also, coming up the week before Mother's Day (next week -- can you believe it's already time for Mother's Day?!) we are going to have a week of special posts dedicated to mothers! You aren't going to want to miss that (and there's going to be a beautiful pearl necklace given away as well!)
I just wanted to share some photos of the little bit of progress we are making with our home. Just to refresh your memory, we recently moved back into our house after living abroad for a year. We have done mostly painting but we have also bought some new furnishings and accents. Below is a shot of my home office in Ben Moore's Hale Navy. Other photos show some furniture for our living room and a gallery wall I am working on going up the stairs. Finally, a sneak peek of our bedroom which will be last room to be finished up!
What happened over the years? Seriously, Get away from the computer and the inter-web. Put down the coconut water and go play with your kids. You will learn more in ten minutes watching them move naturally and freely then you would ever learn from this site or an X-Fit ape cert for pose running!!!
You forgot the color film, my Michael
JOHANNESBURG — Brushing aside protests by press-freedom advocates and heroes of South Africa’s anti-apartheid struggle, Parliament overwhelmingly passed a contentious bill on Tuesday that will severely restrict the ability of journalists to report any information deemed to be a government secret.
This morning I took part in a three-way Skype conversation with a couple of other writers about a project we're involved in. Although we know each other a little, I wasn't sure the session would work out. The technology certainly doesn't help, as the slightest cough or "um" (or miouwing cat) cuts out whoever is talking, which makes the discussion rather dislocated. But, as it happened, the session went well and was a really enjoyable chat.
LL: I like the way things are going. The Icelandic scene is divided into the really hard rock, indie and electronica. Some of it’s manufactured, but not that much. Icelandic stuff is really original. At Airwaves, I didn’t get to see as much as I wanted but I thought that the Icelandic bands were excellent, if not better than the foreign ones.
Most of the following donation information is local to our area, but you could find similar organizations in your own town.
Please keep us in your prayers. The transition is still on-going and I feel the enemy continuing to try and press in. God has been so faithful and so kind to us! I feel His presence at every turn very very deeply! I love my Lord so much and am grateful for all that He is doing in me, for refining me, and changing me! I am broken....BUT GOD!!!! He is faithful. He is true. He is so good.
Let's just say that I love love the Sookie universe and can't wait for the book in the fall the Sookie Companion. There are even going to be recipes in that book!
This all leads into writing today about a self paced class I have just started called Shadows. Shadows are so important to be able to created drama and realism in art work. Here are my first two completed assignments.
’Tis Pity
You see, our guide was happy to accompany us on our tour–he was a very nice man–but his mind was really on the bottom line–any money that we spent, from what we had given him, was profit lost.
With that invaluable advice, the hard work really starts for me, but bring it on. Everything happens for a reason. I always knew writing would be my salvation, and as I look back I see that booking the Festival of Romance weekend on a whim was not just a fightback moment, it might well be a defining moment. Life will get better from this point onwards, I just know it…
Would the love of Jesus
Friday the 9th till Saturday the 17th – St Padraig’s Day Festival @ various places in Digbeth, Birmingham – With the parade itself on (helpfully) the 17th. (EDIT: And by ’17th’ I mean ’11th’, obviously).
Living an authentic life, trusting and being willing to take a leap of faith, all come into play when the third chakra is balanced. “When we direct our will fully toward what lies in our heart, the Universe will meet us halfway, leading us to victory.” Pg 97
In my wildest dreams, the kind where I can do ANYTHING...anything in the world and know I'll be awesome at it, I act. But not just any kind of acting, I want to be an actress of musicals. The kind that dances, and cries while they're singing, then plasters on a smile for the finale. (Of course, not all musicals end happily.)
I was shocked at my strong reaction. It was only then that I realized that what I had thought to be an altruistic impulse to go on this volunteer trip turned out to be a purely self-centered one. I was running away from my life, from everything. I couldn’t understand the mad rat-race at home and what I was doing in it. I had felt suffocated from all the expectations heaped upon me by others and by myself, and it slowly drained the joy out of living. I could stand it no longer. Hence, I jumped upon the first opportunity that came my way to get out of Singapore, out of the rat-race, even if it was just for a while, to catch a breather.
God Bless--johnnyb
“Not too much longer. We are almost there.”
Her Son also had a birthday and turned 15 years old! (I don't know about you but that is ALOT of birthdays!!) She is forever saying how she would love to slow down the hands of time! (wouldn't we all) Over this past weekend her son attended his 8th grade formal. Rumor has it boys can keep you guessing until the very day of formal as to what exactly their plans will be. Which just might explain the crazy expression on her face in this picture! ;)
Now in both cases (and these were both probably close to 6 years ago), I had been building my own relationship with these authors through email and phone calls and my own readings of their manuscripts, but still, there was outside confirmation that I wasn’t some total wackadoo in person.
Hen giggled in that way of hers that always won over strangers. “Mom says you’re our neighbor.”
Blouse.
The child was so insistent that the mother thought she had missed something and her child just would not be consoled, so she embarrassingly called the number hoping to get clarity on the situation.
Whatever he does now, he will still lose this election. Because he has left it all too late.
That picture above is you and I at Party City, where we've been twice in the last week getting prepared for your birthday party. Which we just had to cancel. Well, not cancel, postpone. Your parents picked the coldest day in Southern California's recent history for a pool party: a high of 48 degrees with a 70% chance of rain. I have lived here for almost 10 years and have never come across a day like that. BLAST! Good thing you can't quite grasp the concept of days/weeks yet because I keep telling you your party is in 3 more days weeks.
N turned 9 last Sunday. I know these days, hospitals are evicting babies before they are ready but I felt no pressure to have an induction and went into spontaneous labour with him at 42 weeks. It was an exhausting pregnancy but with no morning sickness to speak of, it was at least more bearable than my other pregnancies. We had just moved house and he decided to join us. It was a difficult labour for me, I had a midwife constantly at my side making me feel incredibly uncomfortable. I really wanted her to leave. She discussed baby names and circumcision with my husband and while I was in transition suggested I get dressed. I had a borderline third degree tear and I suffered for the first 6 weeks as if I was nauseated. I was advised to have a c-section with subsequent babies but at the time thought 2 children would be enough.
It’s sixty-five degrees downtown-
By an emotion you never knew existed
But what's not to like?
She has had a few issues with allergies
The MSCI Asia-Pacific Index (MXAP) of shares gained for a third day after reports yesterday showed US manufacturing expanded at the fastest pace since June and production gauges in China and India rose in January. Global funds bought $1.3 billion more …
(this line break represents several weeks)
In our example it is C - E - G, that's the C major chord.
There will be one central town per region. Goal is to have 5-7 regions all together. I have started work on the first region.
It was well past dusk and the streets were clear, save for the sad packs of mongrel dogs. While the strays in Trinidad have a habit of lying down in the middle of the street, only to raise up just before the knowing Trini driver advances with aggression, these dogs chase your car as you leave, sometimes coming so close to the wheels it is understandable why at least one dog in the pack walks and runs on only three legs.
But she's right: through no fault of her own, she failed really to challenge, and in spite of her best efforts, the subject of literature, its political responsibility and its power in the face of terrorism trickled away. Meanwhile, today a Turkish publisher goes on trial for publishing a book 'insulting Turkishness'...
That was an odd day. I had just visited my son's fourth grade class for an authors' party--the kids had written books about endangered animals. We walked around the classroom, read their stories, and signed their fan pages. On my son's page, I wrote that I was proud of him and that he could now say he was published before his mom. A half hour later I arrived home to find the email indicating my novel had been accepted. I jumped, screamed, ran around a bit, and hyperventilated. Later that night, a friend and I went to a book signing for Mary and Carol Higgins Clark. I told them the news and they were so excited for me. It was nice to see that they hadn't forgotten the thrill of that first acceptance.
I took some great pictures of my ridiculously handsome boys... this is Johnny:
judge?
Mwezi Twala was an ANC dissenter who was sent to the ANC’s re-education torture Camp Quatro, without ever being charged with any crime or given any trial. In his book Mbokodo: Inside MK: Mwezi Twala – A Soldier’s Story (see also here), he describes the exiled ANC’s use of political terror:
for kids like us.
What makes the book so entrancing is Rob Ryan and his paper artwork of paper cut-outs that are so detailed, so intrinsically complete (a night scene depicting the girl looking out of her window is done in midnight blue and has stars and smoke from chimneys cut out, with the smoke cutting into the church steeple and trees!), it really has to be seen to be believed. The illustrations “framing” the text of the story adds a very dreamlike quality to the book. It is one of my firm favourites as it ticks all my boxes, and I only hope that one day it will tick all of Sophie’s (my daughter) boxes too.
- About $50 for the beadboard, I think? Another $20 or so for the baseboards and skinny trim around the top.
To say we were exhausted is an understatement.
We’d heard (and read) that it was a major artistic centre, but weren’t quite prepared for how ‘major’ that turned out to be. Being a lover of extravagant jewellery, for one, I was pretty excited to check out the turquoise silverwork the area’s come to be known for, since there are still remnants of ancient mines, particularly in the Cerrillos Hills, where turquoise was the great bounty.
such beautiful creativity.
I am not now, nor have I ever been, the epitome of gracefulness. At age two, I fell out of the car and broke my collar bone. Age three, header into the door jamb, leaving a nice scar on my cheek and inside my lower lip. My first day of third grade? Basketball to the head. Eighth grade? Faceplant into the asphalt track. There's that giant chunk of chin I took out with a sharp new razor, unaccustomed as I am to shaving said chin. Matches the chunk I took out of my ankle going over the handlebars of my bike. MY bike, to be clear. I merely knocked the wind out of myself the other two times I went over other handlebars. My hands and arms and legs are all scarred like a five-year-old's. I have a rather impressive collection.
2. Sittin' and A Watchin'
AND "OH. MY. GAWD." as Katelynn would say.
Hello there! Happy Independence Day to all my American friends! I hope you have something fun planned for today. We'll be going to the local parade this afternoon and grilling this evening. :)
so jeffrey called our 2 closest neighbors and neighbor #1 had also noticed footprints...and neighbor #2 had noticed the window smashed out of their car because unfortunately for them their doors were locked.
And I started smiling too.
She’s on her knees…for 5 Gs in these Slut Tales, oo-oo
Any wild cat.
What are your eating/food habits?
Find the laughter that exists in every single day.
Samantha Hughes...Jocelin Donahue
more interesting when you can crawl inside yourself
F*cking voices make me nuts.
Bear with me on this one.
And this means accepting the material factors that shape the truth of our own experience, accepting our own irreducible non-universality.
This morning I woke up to find his little beaver marks all along the side of the crib. He chomped down on my finger in “good morning” greeting and thought it was hilarious when I yelled out. Blame it on the pervasiveness of vampire culture in current media, but I’m starting to wonder if I should be concerned. I have high hopes for T; his pic under the headline “Vampire Baby Born to Human Parents, Walks During the Day!” is not one of them.
He added: “A lot of clubs are pro-active and there are a lot of junior teams which is great because the more people playing at the bottom levels the more chances there are of getting people through.
Unusually large mysterious flying creatures have long been reported from the Lone Star State. Just as is the case in Papua New Guinea, these seemingly inexplicable sightings are sometimes ascribed to pterosaur-like creatures. Others are sometimes called Thunderbirds, an evidently generic term applied to what appear to be huge birds that are otherwise rarely seen. A high percentage of these sightings originate in the southern part of Texas along the Mexican border. Author Ken Gerhard chronicles these kinds of sightings in his
Is creating a terrible stink
“Where?” Jeff asked, putting his head closer to mine.
You'll need: Popsicle sticks (lots, because some will break while you're doing this), boiling pot of water, rubber bands, something wrist-like to form the sticks around, craft paper, material, yarn, or whatever you want to decorate them with, Modge Podge and/or hot glue.
Friday 22 January
Todd: I dream about recalibration of the DNA and the coherent alignment that allows us to move freely, I guess, as the Pleiadians do in a quantum state from one place to another.
Thank you , God, for this precious, precious gift. May you continue to prepare our hearts for this celebration! May you remind us of just how capable you are, and how you bring your promises to pass. May you help restore faith to those who have lost sight of their hope by reminding them of their heritage and the promises that are found in it. And may you bring peace and restoration to those who have placed their faith in you and belief in your Son. Amen.
money money money buy the best toys and other class beg 4 help n buffs
A = Attitude
I took up writing seriously in my early twenties, while getting over a severe illness. No doubt being reminded how fragile health and therefore life are helped to concentrate my mind. I took (and dropped out of) a correspondence course and started sending stories and articles out to magazines. Practically all of them, of course, were rejected, but I had some success in competitions. I have been writing fairly steadily, with a few breaks, ever since.”
I am currently working as an athletic trainer with a college women’s basketball team. A few weeks ago on a road trip, the girls were reading Suzanne Collins’ “The Hunger Games” and were ooo-ing and oh-ing and OMG-ing over the plot. It was a four day trip, and during that time, most of the team had finished the book (There was one physical copy of the book being passed around. It was THAT good.). I had never heard of the book, so after a brief synopsis by one of the girls, I decided to check it out. I too finished in less than 24 hours. I rarely finish books that fast. The last time that happened was probably “The DaVinci Code” by Dan Brown. It was THAT good.
After the “Don’t Try This At Home” video we go back to the arena and Punk is still celebrating. We get clips of Santino versus Miz from the pre-show, were Santino pinned Miz to retain his US title. That sends us backstage to Eve, who runs into Beth Phoenix and the Bella Twins, Beth says she will take her title back tonight. Eve says Beth is not medically cleared and Beth says when she is cleared she will regain her title. The Bellas decide to go home but Eve she will have a match and will defend the title and the opponent is a surprise. Nikki says she doesn’t like surprises, Eve says not to worry it’s not Kharma, well who’s left then? Nikki asks if it’s Mae Young, as they leave laughing.
I have a great many reservations about what came in Latin America to be called “committed literature” or the novel of social protest. This is mainly because I think its limited view of the world and life does not help achieve anything in political terms. Far from accelerating any process of raising consciousness, it actually slows it down.
which is still ongoing, and also the
Now here come Hawkins and Ryder and they get pasted with a couple of chokeslams but the distraction allows Edge to hit the spear, which gets a cracking near fall. He sets up for another one but Taker drops back and locks in the Hell’s Gate and Edge has nowhere to go and is forced to tap out!
Okay, everyone. That’s enough. Stop singing the Cards’ praises just because they drafted Michael Floyd. Yes, they now have the best receiver in the game (Larry Fitzgerald) and a guy with huge potential in Floyd. Who’s going to throw them the ball? Kevin Kolb? Thanks for the laugh.
I've decided to start sharing other music related resources here. The main focus of this blog will always be to share all the wonderful music blogs available on the internet, but I would also like expand on that idea, and make it a great place for all things music. Next, I plan to make a list of freeware music software. If you have any ideas on music resources that I could add please leave a comment.
At 4 and 6, they understand the value of money. They know where it comes from, how it’s earned, and responsible ways to spend it. No, they don’t yet have a grasp on how the economy works or bigger notions of debt and fiscal responsibility on a large scale, but there’s still time for that.
Very Good.
I have a marvelous magic fence outside of my bathroom window. Well, it used to be more magical a few years ago. There was a lovely ragged bushy tree that stood next to it then. Why did that make my fence magical, you ask?
Alright, enough for now. There’s more to come, but I want to get this posted and go back to Prototype 2 for a spell (which is a lot of fun so far – not “innovative” if you’re looking for that in a game, but it makes me smile in nearly all the right spots)…
* been ashamed of their own race
I’ve had so many fantastic responses to my air guitar classics top ten. People just loving it, and others also offering alternative choices. Exactly what I hoped would happen. So many that I hadn’t thought of, a few I didn’t even know about. And some that just missed out on my original selection. So today I thought, let’s do a Top Ten from all those suggestions.
Camping is causing problems for the organization that go far beyond general discomfort with the book. Key ministry officials, who requested anonymity, told the JOURNAL that he has used the network to promote 1994? without the authorization of Family Radio’s board of directors. “We’ve had battles with him before, during and after this book came out,” offers a ministry insider, “and Harold just won’t listen. He considers himself a modern-day Jonah and feels he has to get his message of Christ’s return in 1994 out to everyone, especially those who are reached by Family Radio.”
But the future postseason structure will bring change. A four-team setup would create two semifinals, which might take place within the current bowl structure, but most likely will not. The semis could take place at on-campus sites belonging to the higher seeds, a plan Delany advocates, or at neutral sites like Indianapolis’ Lucas Oil Stadium and Detroit’s Ford Field. The Edward Jones Dome in St. Louis? Beats facing LSU in NOLA.
I do ask God first, with regard to my dreams and my plans, “If this is not Your will, could you please show me how You want my resources and life used, because I am totally open, as I know Your plans are so much better than mine?”
It's a summer ritual.
My notes: I used my mandoline with the cheese grater slot to shred the carrots and I just rough chopped the broccoli. I like a chunkier soup though. I also noticed that it needed a decent amount of salt and pepper on the first day- so I added a little to the pot, but day 2 was perfect. No need for any additional seasoning. It easily made enough for 4-6 servings.
Glenn Karl Bluff (English Democrats) 535 (13%)
It was in this frontier palace that Lamar received papers from France, England, the US, Belgium, Holland, and the Papal States, recognizing the Republic of Texas as a sovereign nation. Lamar only lived in the house for about two years. When his term ended he returned to his plantation in Richmond.
We'll also be giving you the chance to show off your creativity with character interviews, in which you pick one of your favorite characters from any of Meg's books and do a mock-interview.
10 New Kingdom - Crush Your Enemies (Panama Connection Dub Mix) (4:24)
And finally, the music. If you love musicals, you'll love this book, the songs, the references, it's a pleasure and you find yourself humming and singing along. And digging out old CDs or downloading songs from iTunes. Lockhart has created an iMix list of the tunes to assist.
Hideji kinkan lager
I'm feeling a bit under the weather; body aches, sore throat, stuffy nose, etc. So while I was home today laying on the couch watching Harry Potter DVD's to my hearts content, I made this little necklace to cheer myself up. I am by no means an expert at jewelry making, in fact, I generally just kind of improvise. I tend to end up with stuff that's not half bad though, so I keep at it.
There is just something about a simple blues simple form, the simple harmonic progressions, the reliance on 2 and 4. In that simplicity I feel we can just sing – and sing with abandon.
“Life systems after jettison?”
every inch of him . She totally got lost in him . The only thing in her
”I´ll kill you,” he said. One time, ten times, a hundred times. Over time it lost the desired effect; she no longer believed him.
She replied, “You know, I am trying to figure out what to do about a little girl at school that is being mean to Chloe. Chloe came home from school crying. This girl wont stop calling her names. I tried telling their teacher before that this little girl is mean to Chloe but the teacher keeps saying the girls have to work things out on their own.”
You know…stupid stuff.
And suddenly life makes absolutely perfect sense! I now know why I am constantly getting lost in libraries, no matter how small they are. The world according to the rules of philosophic essence rather than pure science.
A revokable dwelling trust, a way associated with protecting resources above $100,Thousand or higher
The way you can tell art photography from commercial photography is that art photography is incompetent. The way you can tell video art from TV is that video art is incompetent.
The dish features a cut of meat that is not user friendly in its complexity. That is to say, there are many bones to chew here. This is a good thing if the long and slow cooking included spices and peppers that leave you simmering, not scorched; heat that leaves you wanting more. The chunks of sweet potato, not yam, add richness to the sauce and the dish is presented on a bed of kale. The sweet flavors of the meat, the simmer of the spices, richness of the potato and the bitter kale are a complex but highly entertaining combination of flavors.
Behind her is my betrayer
Thorny cactus plant.
I think I’m the only person in the building now. That’s a big building to be alone in! There is a photo of the living room and where we do our group therapy amongst other things. It’s taking a while to settle in to. But it’s nice.
And the secret things I'll never tell
I hope I understood the rules right - and if not, I hope somebody will tell me how to do better.
Now, what to do with the rest?
What I like about his children is that they’re neither cutesy or little adults, but somewhere in-between. And if you get a crying picture, there’s always a smiling one to go with it.
Waiting to hear her first words.
I am soulful
Through all of Europe, the youngest age of consent was 15 except for--
Mattie had always sat in the middle of the bus. It was a tradition born from a lingering moment of heartache and as long years rolled on over miles of bus fare, the position of her place in the middle became her way to reconnect her with lost opportunities, fizzled dreams, and dusty loves. Each trip she placed herself as close to the middle as she could; Mattie would fantasize that her wishes could be delivered just for sincerity of heart alone. Only if Greta would turn up beside her as though nothing had ever happened and that would be the end of the whole regretful affair. But the meaning of life, as Matilda Mathers saw it; was nothing more then a fairly swift kick in the proverbial sack. As the years and miles passed along behind her Mattie became victim to the immediate relegation of the elderly to the front of the bus. She found herself receiving the overly kind company policy which eventually began as a repetitive suggestion that she would be might feel more safe and comfortable in the very front, reserved with a warmly condescending tone reserved for the very young and the very old. Nothing but watching high way and thousands of bumper sticker laden tail ends to ponder. Admitting frailty is a
Yesterday was Finnish culture day here, and although I didn't get to write a post on it, I thought this might be just as good.
Her enthusiasm for our task seemed diminished, hidden below a veneer of experience from years previous. I was as giddy as prom queen with a box of condoms, oh so ready to have my Black Friday cherry popped.
The neighborhood is very safe. I am not saying there’s no crime.
- ‘Pah, knickers to you!’ is a way of telling someone that you don’t care about them or their opinion.
Our house's "fence" went in the other day! It's technically a block wall but saying "our house's wall went in" makes it sound like we're moving to a prison or something haha It's not 100% complete but here's what it looks like:
It's been so cold here and we've had so much snow I've pretty much been house bound with colds and snivels - mine, S's and Em's. The joys of nursery and the collective incubation of germs. I keep being told it's better for her to get it now, but man it's been hard work. I think we're in a lull between infections at the moment, it's been nice. Christmas was quiet, S had the winter vomiting virus which timed itself perfectly for 5am Christmas morning. Yay! I had it the previous week and so far we've managed to avoid Em getting it. Please let that stick.
Everything is viewed in the context of how it affects this country whether it is a natural disaster killing thousands overseas or another country’s government telling the United States they will not go along with whatever foolish, and possibly illegal military adventure that strikes our fancy at the time. Despite this egotistical attitude the truth of the matter is that very little of what Americans worry, argue, and fight about will be remembered a couple of hundred years from now.
I still need to write but can’t seem to put the words, or the story, in any sort of logical order.
So did you see the post Wednesday? We are having a new release on Monday!!!
American States are as bad as Australia---a variety of ages
“How can you bash any one who believes in God as shown above with B, and then say they are closed minded?” I can bash them, because they are stupid and ignorant people that believe in nonsensical things to which exists no evidence for. They are close-minded. I’m sorry though that I’m not as open-minded as you. You are open-minded, L. You are open-minded about a god, evolution, etc. You are so open-minded that your brain has fallen out.
Me: No Mees, not Nikki, Mommy
"And, has thou slain the Jabberwock?
There aren't any rules for this one except to pass it along to some great Fantasy and Science Fiction writing bloggers. Now, since I am writing this in the evening and am too lazy to look up each and every follower site to see who all is fantasy or sci-fi, I'm simply going to name a few that I am absolutely certain about and let the rest of you know that if you are a fantasy and sci-fi blogger, you too can have this shiny new award for your blog. Give thanks to Aubrie for creating it!
How much turmoil did you have to go through before you took that step of faith and said yes to Jesus Christ? Saul had extreme conviction for he knew his acts of blasphemy warranted not only physical death but, much worse, eternal death in the lake of fire.
When not in the craft room, I am constantly seen on my Mac, iPhone or iPad :”) I enjoy taking photos and playing with Photoshop and Illustrator. You can find some free digi paper and printable templates on my blog: http://waffleflower.com
Ravi Dhaliwal, Tribune News Service
14. Rondo. Allegro 3:34
Tom has moved out of Wetherby, to South Milford or some other place near to Sherburn-in-Elmet, so I probably will see him less and less. Tom is my mum’s ex. She was with him for more than 10 years, but finally through Tom’s ‘laziness’ and Mum’s conceitedness they eventually became to hate each other. My mum some how expects a man to pay or look after her? To keep her in luxury, or something. I can’t logically understand why some women expect this. Its like Prostitution. I have a relationship with this man and for me doing so he will pay me x amount and shower me in x things. My mum never told him he’d have to contribute to living @ 42 Braine Road so he never did, but after a while she expected him to contribute – why should he suddenly do this?
Rightly, since it was her annual speech to what are often referred to as the party faithful, she outlined some of the Coalition Government's commitments to Wales since last year - £1 billion investment in rail electrification, £60 million in superfast broadband, 52,000 lower-paid out of income tax altogether already, and lower Corporation Tax as part of a package of help for business. She also spoke of her delivery of a referendum on law making powers last March, something for which I believe Cheryl deserves the highest praise. I just do not think that Peter Hain would have delivered it - or even wanted to deliver it.
We walked for a minute or so and headed back on the other trail that loops right back to the first intersection to the main path that will then lead us home. We took off at a ground covering trot and found Kevin and Starry waiting for us. Kevin said Starry didn’t mind us leaving him at all. We started the long walk home. I didn’t want to wear Starry down. After a while, we saw someone I knew and stopped to talk. Kevin decided to head towards home and I could catch up with him. After about 10 minutes of chatting, Cole and I trotted to catch up with Kevin. He had been doing some trotting, too, so it took a while before we found Starry.
9. Because you are never too old to dream. Age means nothing when we know what we want.
And then he did.
Two years.
Discuss the Issue
There is no god’s eye view in a story.
I have so much honor a respect for you mothers out there.
But Avery uncovers a conspiracy that’s more hazardous to her health than Y-chromosome withdrawals. The terrorist attack was engineered by the CIA to protect one man from an FBI investigation: Nash’s father, chief engineer of an airborne strain of HIV. And he’s still alive. Now she’s hunted by people who believe she’s a threat to their virus project and to the terrorist’s identity. Avery becomes a subject in her own story and she’ll have to trust her life to the man who just might turn out to be the terrorist she’s been hunting.
Unfortunately--and maybe this had something to do with my lack of appreciation for the film--Area 407 has pulled the Great Blunder that has plagued these films for far too long--it ruins the ending by putting it in the trailer! I suppose it's in good company, though. Other movies that have used the final shot in the trailer, or poster image--sometimes both!--include Quarantine, Evil Things, and Paranormal Activity. Before long, publishers will be printing the final sentences of books on the front cover.
One of the most memorable stories here, and sickly funny. A boy mutilates his sister’s toys and turns them into a fearsome monster. If only lightning hadn’t struck the attic on the very same night. The good sort of nasty, with a knowing trickle of molasses-black humour.
I scored rock-star parking and sprinted through the front doors…fortunately, an attentive woman more present than I gently stopped me to complete the requisite paperwork and pay the visitor’s fee (which, at $12, beats all the facilities in Boulder). I was given a brief tour and headed to the locker rooms to switch out jeans for yoga pants.
His head tilted slightly as if to say, “Siz bilirsiniz.”
Tame the Web is written by Michael Stephens, and new professor in the SJSU SLIS program. I want to like this blog. I can appreciate that a lot of effort has gone into its layout and appearance. The layout and appearance, however, are very distracting for me. I have no sense of what this blog focuses on because I am still trying to figure out what all the various widgets are. The features distract me from the message. In this case, I can read this blog through a reader rather than going to the blog itself, but then I miss out on things like photos, blurbs, graphics, colors, etc. that are visually appealing. Again, I like just enough but not too much. Call me Goldilocks.
But no. It's not just any weird woman's face. It's a Legs and Co weird woman's face.
Well I’ve used Random.org and it has chosen a winner
I have sometimes made mention in the Mail about my own tribulations at the hands of the financial services industry. I now have a nice new grievance.
Would love to read your comments on this food for thought! Might even throw out some more itty bitty candy to a lucky comment leaver! Hugs...
Just passing through Baltimore and looking for something good to eat? Or a local looking for some new places to try? We've put together this list of great Baltimore eats, some of which you may have heard of or seen on Food Network/Cooking Channel, and some of which you may have no clue about. That's where we come in: let us be your guide to Charm City noms!
Well tidy!
Luckily there were enough old-style liberals like Raymond Louw to argue that the press could never have just one view because newspapers were necessarily individualist and competitive, and that, a fortiori, the press could never forge a consensus view with government because its job was to stand outside such elite pacts, reporting on them and, if necessary, criticizing them. Even so, it was a close run thing and most of the press was deeply deferential towards the ANC. To the fury of the opposition Democratic Party, it was very difficult to get fair coverage of alternative points of view, and even when there was coverage it was often snide.
Stamps - Orchids (Flourishes)
Since it’s identification in 1906, Alzheimer’s has posed many more questions than it has answered. For doctors who have been studying this and families who have been living with it, this is truly remarkable news.
Enjoy your day!!
Step Three: Gradually add flowers around this center point at a very SUBTLE decline, so as to create the round look. Add the filler as you go. Secret to success: work in odd numbers!
Actually, with outlining, I think more usually is better, because it means more detail, and thus less time spent worrying about plot developments when you're trying to write rounded characters. But there's more to it than that.
Lt. Michael K. Healey, 42, East Patchogue, N.Y.
Brass front zipper with Nomex zipper tape
Dec 3rd – just woke up in Entebbe and am getting a REAL shower, then heading to the village! I am beyond blessed.
We were riding and I didn't want to go back to get another jacket, so I put the jacket on backwards. I must have looked a bit silly but it worked, lol.
Between New England and the tidewater South lay a poorly defined intermediate zone, a scattering of small colonies—New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland—and one very large one, Pennsylvania. Maryland and Delaware were mostly tidewater and might have gone the Southern path, Pennsylvania and New Jersey weren’t and might have gone the New England path, but Pennsylvania and Maryland both enacted religious liberty statutes early on and welcomed all comers, so the middle zone got dealt a couple of wild cards that ended up transforming the entire colonial enterprise: a torrent of religious and political refugees from central Europe, who fled the aftermath of the Thirty Years War, and a torrent of economic and political refugees from northern Ireland, who fled England’s tightening grip on her first and most thoroughly looted imperial colony. West of Chesapeake Bay lay the Potomac valley, one of the few easy routes into the mountains, and it’s likely that somewhere up that way—by the nature of the thing, nobody will ever know when or where—German and Scots-Irish traditions blended with scraps of a dozen other ethnic heritages to create the first draft of American frontier culture. Think log cabins and long rifles, homespun cloth and home-brewed liquor, a fierce habit of local independence and an equally fierce disdain for the cultures of the coast, and all the rest: that’s where it came from, and it spread westward along a wide front from the Great Lakes to the middle South.
Why It’s Working: Reboot Stories is pushing the boundaries of traditional learning by incorporating technology and multimedia into classrooms that lack the resources otherwise. For Lance Weiler and Janine Saunders, creating an inspiring and engaging educational program that integrated digital learning became a major passion. Their first project, Robot Heart Stories, launched in October 2011 on a very minimal budget. Robot Heart Stories brought together two fifth grade classrooms — one in Montreal and the other in Los Angeles — to help power the journey of a small robot who crash-landed onto Earth.
throughout the day,
I cannot love Sunrise.
Anywho, I thought I'd share 2 new blogs with you. This is what I'm doing when I should be packing.....
School is s l u g g i s h !!! We will be working in the summer months. *sigh* I really look forward to not worrying about it in the summer. Just doesn’t always work out. Oh, well. I am beginning lesson plans for next year. Fun, fun, fun!
Stop taking all the money
"and I WANT TO BE BETTER !!!"
Where the Wild Things Are is one of the very first books I can remember reading on my own. It was one of the very first books I bought upon learning that Michi and I would soon be having our first child. I’ve read it countless times to both of my daughters. The book has been described as many things, but I tend to view it as many people do: a wondrous, whimsical romp that illustrates the power of imagination unleashed, and–like other stories Mr. Sendak wrote–also offers insight as to how a child learns to cope with their feelings; in this case, frustration and anger.
"I can't say that."
In November 1952 His Private Secretary, Sir John Colville noted, "He is getting tired and visibly ageing. He finds it hard to compose a speech and ideas no longer flow. (7)
"How on earth...." said I.
For the 30+ years it's been since that song came out, I'm sure I've been singing What you doing on your butt? Lyric sites have informed me that is not correct. Who knew? Is it on your back or in the back? Is it saucy? Oh those Bee Gee boys...
we're back people, and you're caught up.
What more could you want? Close to the Edge, perhaps, but that track had its live debut the next night in Hartford, CT.
Quite a serious nose. A bit of oak on the palate. Quite substantial, smoky fruit. Firm structured and texture and very youthful. James decided to experiment in 2011, with some handpicking and pigeage. And the 2011 tasted from barrel promised well too.
So this is what I decided to do. I tried to look at her house as if I were a potential buyer and was going to do some updating for it myself like it was my own home- keeping in mind her request to keep it on a budget.
she wanted a pink princess bike.
Betty the bottles manager and soul provider smiles and turns away. I light a cigarette and stroke me dogs head. I look up at the stage, Buddy Holly is singing along to the lyrics of Black Sabbaths 'Iron Man'.
it
When I first started my card business, I had many difficulties when it came to sales. When downturns came, I was tempted to think my business was just something I dabbled in while working a full time job. Then I would stick it out, get more advice, make adjustments, and soon found there were more ups than there were downs.
By now, it’s probably worth over RM3million, so do your maths and figure out how much the rentals would run to!
Popcorn itself is healthy – the problem is all the added flavoring, butter and oil that turns this innocent health food into a calorie packing snack.
"This colored version of war life, handled in a comical vein, though barren of novelty...should get a good play in the neighborhoods...It has been well handled in production. Despite that most of the gags have been previously used, the laughs are there and in sufficient quantity...Usual complications. Action slows up too often...Mere idea of a colored regiment at the front should be sufficient to draw business with proper exploitation."
-1 avocado, diced
(5) When you're not writing, what are you doing (hobbies, etc)?
Actually, of this much I am sure: No matter exactly how this country goes down, it will go down never once having given any serious policy thought to the true needs of the least among us. That just isn’t how we roll.
It was also pretty much f-ugly!!
Of course, my planner is always with me, so I still have access to my other coupons if I need them throughout my trip for an unexpected sale or purchase.
It was reported on the Courts Service website this morning that the judgment in the Treasury Holdings and NAMA case which was heard last month, was to be handed down. It is hoped that the judgment will be available here shortly, but meantime, Orla O’Donnell, RTE’s legal affairs correspondent has tweeted the following.
They cant chuck it away fast enough!!
On May 6, we will lay the stone on my mother's grave. Blanche Batnick, April 9, 1954 - June 17, 2011. Beloved mother, wife, sister, aunt, grandmother and friend. Loved always. Let that Loved always echo beyond the confines of perpetual care, let that Loved always clap off the beat, like she did from here until there is no more.
Summer!!! I’d love nothing more than to stumble across someone reading
Blood for Poppies - Garbage
Then with the leftover glaze, I added crushed pineapple & cornstarch and heated it until it thickened. I served it with the ham. I loved the taste and so did my guests.
What I'm looking forward to: Next Dr appt so I can hear this little man again :)
Too often I get caught up in being negative or upset that I forget about all the daily positive things my husband brings into our life. So I thought I would write about some of the things I love and appreciate about him.
A4) Ragga G - Kuff A New Leader
Chop the celery (and fennel and cabbage, if using), set aside as above.
Huge, bright and super organized! My kids would destroy it in no time flat! lol
Jueen mothers lemon shortbread / violet pastry cream / toasted pinenut butter / white chocolate & vanilla mousse / lemon curd / chocolate and violet wafer / white chocolate velvet spray / crystallised lemon
It is written like the tax code--in pure gibberish. My view of it is that it would not affect the wealthiest of people at all. Those who have their money in all sorts of investments and complicated financial instruments, like Buffet, would not even feel this.
But not a tear fell, not even a long-drawn sigh, long, long I gazed,
Despite its wordy title and relative 'smallness' of scope, MY SON, MY SON is awful good. David Lynch produced (note the LOST HIGHWAY bathroom above), Herzog directed and it turns out they share a lot of sinthoms: deep woods, coffee, dwarfs, murder, Piper Laurie, transcending time and space; you can feel their collaborative heat shimmering on the horizon even when nothing else is happening, as it usually isn't.
Place: World Trade Center Seattle, 2200 Alaskan Way, 4th Floor, Seattle, WA
What experience are you creating?
necks;
Third, I despise the institution of segregation, and I would like to point out that the first segregation laws in the South were instituted by Yankee occupiers during the Reconstruction period after the Confederacy was conquered. Segregation began in the North you see, after slavery was eradicated there. This was the way Northerners dealt with "keeping the races apart" once slaves were free. Institutionalised segregation in a slave economy is nearly impossible, for slaves had to work in fields alongside many of their masters, cook in the kitchens with their master's wives, saw in the mills with their overseers and shop in the marketplaces to carry the goods. You just can't have real segregation in a slave economy. However, once the slave economy is eradicated, then you can effectively enforce segregation laws. Such was the case in the Northern states once they eliminated slavery there before the Civil War. Then after the Southern states were conquered, Southern men were no longer allowed to hold political office (see the Fourteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution for details) . So, Northern opportunists (carpetbaggers) came down South to run for elected office. These Yankee carpetbaggers were the men who set up the South's segregation system after slavery was eradicated by the Thirteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. Segregation was foreign to the South prior to the Civil War. Yes, a Southern class system existed, but it was not segregated in the way we understand segregation today. Modern segregation is a Northern invention, exported to the Southern states, as a consequence of losing the Civil War. After a century of segregation in the Southern states, many white Southerners defended it (to their shame), but many white Southerners also opposed it. We must always keep that in mind. The Dixie flag, the Christian cross of St. Andrew, was abused by many racists during that time, but then so was the American flag right along side it. (Such abuse remains to this day.) To associate the Dixie flag with segregation and racism exclusively is intellectually dishonest. For the American flag has been used to represent those things just as much if not more so.
In one of the first season episodes with the new regular star Elinor Donahue, Ellie, Andy, Opie, and Aunt Bee are enjoying a picnic out in the woods. Opie and Aunt Bee decide to go for a walk, while Ellie cleans up and Andy lies back on the blanket, covering himself with the local newspaper.
Studies published in the Australian Journal of Optometry, the British Medical Journal, and the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) have found iridologists’ assessment of patients with diagnosed serious diseases including kidney and gall bladder disease to be inaccurate.
All is not perfect in their world though, with Kate becoming increasingly aware of her mortality versus Vincent’s immortality, but even with the enormity of that particular obstacle we never quite feel the intensity or sense of urgency we would like to so we can overcome our slight disconnect and fully engage in their story. Finally, however, in the final third of the story Ms. Plum kicks things into gear in suspenseful and thrilling fashion, jolting us with certain revelations we had a sense were coming but hadn’t quite fully pieced together and leaving us with an ending that tears our hearts wide open while providing us absolutely no words of comfort to help stanch the bleeding.
Now, I think it's important to understand that I’m not an expert in this area. I've never claimed to be one and I don’t play one on TV. It's Bob Sungenis who claims to be the expert. The fact that I can show that he repeatedly makes such elementary historical blunders and errors of interpretation illustrates how incredibly sloppy and tendentious his work is. He insists that he's "in this for the truth" -- and it's possible he really believes that -- but there's just too much evidence to the contrary. I think the most charitable explanation is that Bob is so completely convinced he's right about geocentrism and so committed to proving it to the world that he sees "proof" where there is none and can't see all the contrary evidence -- even when it's right in front of his eyes. It happens, just as it happened with Bob's mentor, the repeatedly wrong, end of the world, date-setting, Harold Camping. Interestingly, note that the blindness not only affected Camping; it also affected his followers, who continue to listen to him regardless of how many times he was proven to be wrong.
My Mom and I have collected various antique milk-glass vases to combine with family pieces to hold flowers during the reception. I'm so excited about the beautiful milk glass I've acquired – some family heirlooms and some from antiquing with my Mom – and I plan on keeping many of the pieces after the wedding as a reminder of the fun of both the day and the planning that went into it.
Alright, back to work.
I would encourage you to contact WRC-TV to express any comments or concerns regarding this story.
Plus, I got this mysterious thick yellow thread (I thought perhaps I'd use them to handwork some buttonholes on a denim skirt?). I'd heard others mention before that vintage thread (mainly old cotton's and natural fibre based threads I'd guess?) could easily break and be rotten. However, this stuff look thick, stuff and pretty darn strong, so for £2 I took a chance LOL!
As for the pico de gallo, it’s one of those glorious recipes that you don’t have to measure. This is why I prefer “cooking” to “baking”, it’s kind of like having bumpers when you go bowling, there is a certain forgiveness to cooking that isn’t there with baking. See exhibit A- too much of something and not enough of something else, eek! Not that I bowl with bumpers anymore…
I loved being the reader in the library. I took my book and read quietly on a rocking chair till I felt a little presence by my side. It was fun to watch the different personalities of children. There were the outgoing ones who brought the books of their choice to me and wanted me to read them, then there were the shy ones, who wanted to hear a story yet didn’t want to make the first move. At first, I asked them if they wanted to listen to a story, some said yes and came to me, others said no, yet stayed close by. I picked up a book from the table turned the pages and started a soliloquy about the illustrations, characters, words, colors. Slowly, I felt the little body sliding closer to me, I didn’t make eye contact but kept looking at the pictures and talking about them, when the child was next to me looking at the pictures, I went to the first page and started reading the story, he or she stayed. The parents gave me a grateful smile and wandered around looking for books or sat nearby, taking a break.
By this point, it's obvious that there's been a murder, but rather than just unveiling the body, Hitchcock employs a precise, elegant, slow camera move that retains the influence of the silent cinema in its ability to trace a whole narrative in the angle of the camera' arc. The camera moves from Diana's haunted, staring profile, down her arm, to the splatter of blood on the hem of her dress and her hand dangling just above the floor, then moving perpendicularly along the floor, parallel to a fire poker, the murder weapon, which lays pointing directly at the head of the dead woman who now, finally, appears within the frame.
I congratulate each one of you for your efforts and success.
I hired Nicole of On My Agenda to design this space and make it work really hard for our family. As a room I go into at least a dozen times a day, I knew I wanted it to be organized but also pretty. The two really go hand in hand for me - it can't be pretty unless it's organized! I am thrilled with what Nicole was able to design in this space. The color, the layout, the genius use of FLOR tiles...it was all her. I was just the muscle behind the scenes ripping our old shelving and ruthlessly editing down my hoarded collection of serving pieces.
The standouts of the day had to be the daring duo, Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie. These two royal brats' hats were startling to say the least. Beatrice's hat looked like it was inspired by Georgia O'Keefe- if I had to title her hat, I'd call it, "Vaginal Bulls Eye." Oh, and her poor sister Eugenie. An over sized, ultra-marine, pill box hat with everything and the kitchen sink thrown on top! Hmm, were they protesting the fact that their mother, Fergie was not invited? Or don't they own a mirror?
I really wanted to see The Help. No one could go. I sat on my porch, enjoying the warm weather, but missing all of the joys of my Incredible Northwest Vacation. The melancholy mood started to waft over me, enhanced by the lack of people to hang out with. Then the brilliant thought entered my mind, “Go anyway”.
In closing, I was experiencing weird pain at the Fet Gede, although not severe enough to stop my feet from dancing. I will explain this further in my next post.
Here are some more pictures from the mural! I'm HOPING…. it is almost done. It looks almost done to me, but Adrian is a perfectionist - which is why I LOVE this mural. So its hard to tell if he's almost done or not.
Malcolm wasn’t about to see how this went down, so he took off running in the opposite direction.
Back when these cloudy hearts were sunny skies
Traditionally, a mille-feuille is made up of three layers of puff pastry (pâte feuilletée), alternating with two layers of pastry cream!
The president of the honorary police association said they did not want to take any risks with children running around"
Since there are no numbers left by themselves, simply multiply 11 by 6 (the rounded up quotient) to get the sum which is 66.
Remember The In Sound from Way Out?
I miss writing. In between the fuzz of chaos, I think about writing and my projects. For now, I must be content simply with thinking about them. Usually at this time of year I would be picking elderberry’s to make wine, plucking rosehips to dry in the airing cupboard ready for Christmas garlands and pot pourri, thumbing through the charity catalogues for my Christmas cards.
Anyway, I know everyone still might have turkey on the brain, but in honor of me training on the grill station, I thought a nice, juicy steak felt like just the thing to post. Hopefully I'll be back sooner next time, instead of going on a three week hiatus, but who knows what the next week of life has in store for me!
I've renamed our smartphone the funphone. It's really not any more smart than my past phone, it's just a LOT more fun (and more expensive to run) than the archaic model I set aside in August. Even the educational games I've loaded "for the kids" are fun. So fun, in fact, that the same girls who have recently taken an if-it's-educational-it-can't-be-fun attitude ask regularly to "play" with it. They know they're learning math, French and U.S. History, but they're willing to make that sacrifice in the name of entertainment.
Lately, though, another kind of owl medicine has caught on. My mother (Chinook/Euro) has sent me links to her beloved "Molly McGee", a barn owl of worldwide fame. Live cameras have been put into the owl box she and her mate - and two subsequent clutches of owlets - call home.
And where there is control in an effort to achieve a specific result for the most amount of people, there will always be conformity.
Legs; Tan- Almond-Putty
As a teenager, Eri develops the calling—an internal link to the man-eating beasts plaguing the planet. She finds herself repeatedly drawn beyond the safety borders, driven by rage, hoping to satiate the bloodlust flooding her veins.
promise an idea or image that lingers,
are great for absorbing nasty stuff so after spending a stupid amount of time staring at all of them at the super market, I proudly walked away with a 46pack. Turned inside out, I tied one to a string and lowered it down into the bilge, poked it around with a broom stick and pulled it out trying not to drip too much all over the engine(!). After the second diaper I realized this was going nowhere. So I stuck to broom stick down to see how deep the gook is. A good 10 cm! Not wanting to destroy my new diesel hand pump I opted to wait and buy another for the purpose. Conclusion… bilge still full of gook!
Reuters has reported that the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation has committed $1.5 billion over four years to support interventions such as antenatal corticosteroids and to discover new ones. The organization the March of Dimes is spending $20 million a year for research on the causes of prematurity and to improve access to prenatal care.
Add Turmeric, Dried Chilli, a few sprigs of Oregano, a few sprigs of Thyme, 1 Sage leaf and a few Basil leaves, add some Cornflour mixed with a little water and bring to the boil
I started off with some star patterned paper. After covering most of the cardfront with the dotted reverse side of the paper, I used it for the panel on the right side of the card.
Apparently the last two weeks at MDO Ryann hasn't napped. Instead she has sang for nearly the entire 90+ minutes the kiddos are in their cribs. The teachers say it is cute, but I find it hard to believe my kid singing for over an hour while you're trying to get 9 other children to sleep is cute. I worked in childcare. That totally wouldn't fly in my room. It was a gorgeous afternoon, but Ryann pleaded with me when we got home to please please please get out the ball pit. So I did. Later she made a disaster with all her toys. Typical. Also typical is being crazy in the bath.
so shall we not, with Thee for guide,
I could tell by her look that she wondered why I felt the need to have a pager for my 4 1/2 year old. I could read her thoughts ..."Oh, she must be one of THOSE moms."
Well because these ads create the perfect way to determine who is a real conservative.
Marilu
That this was the case should, however, come as no surprise to anyone from the city that celebrates and promotes its own weirdness. The history of our various City Halls has been full of controversy, quarrels, and odd happenings.
Mrs. R. and I snatched up these water buffalo horn frames, in a NY minute. Iridescent and completely unique, horn has been a traditional material for utensils and decor and is re-emerging on the scene with a vengeance.
9. Don’t be tricked into buying natural yoghurts part of by nuts or raisins, as the coating is typically forced of glucose and partly hydrogenated oils.
I know I should wait. I want to wait. But I don't.
5. African Song (Xhol)
To correct this situation, I stopped our game of running up and down the hill by announcing, "It's time for some battery power. Come on, everyone, let's power up!" And with that we ran to the workbench and got to licking.
320vbr
your soul did not feel my faithful tenderness
Classroom management is by far the thing that I struggle the most with. One of my classes really tests me on a daily basis with their behavior and I just feel worn out every time that they leave. I have done lots of reading and found some really great ideas to help me through blogs and Pinterest.
It ain’t yours, it’s actually HIS!
What did you guys think of this episode? Give me your Two Cents!
All I can say is that those two guys had an enormous stroke of luck by committing a fourth degree felony that their own VCSO is going to investigate, much less a possible blood relation. UUUMMMMMM… Let me guess. Nothing worse than a termination was ever visited upon the two individuals involved in this matter?
I guess I tell you all this to say, that Under the Overpass is a. good. book. It's a book that makes you think and contemplate and hopefully move you into action. And it's definitely a book that I think you should read. For more information about Under the Overpass and to download the first chapter for free click here.
Pulling Tupper more comfortably into the crook of his arm, Aurelius shot a sour look at his brother-in-law before remarking, “You’re still rather puny, sprat. Does Frey feed you enough?”
Paul could, and did speak with full authority for he spoke the words of Jesus Christ. I will support that statement by quoting his words from 2 Corinthians 13:3. “Since ye seek a proof of Christ speaking in me.” Add to this 1 Thessalonians 4:15 where we read, “For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord.”
– as in ‘I’m fucked’.
If this blog post depressed you, I’d apologize but instead I’ll say that makes two of us. I’m not on this end of the blog writing cheerfully & carefree about a made up situation.
Who was effected by my choice
Surely this crew’s efforts speak not merely for those who then-sacrificed their lives for their loved ones and their Nation, but also for those before them and those whose turn it is or has been to follow them.
Looking back, I guess there were signs. I think. But we talked about so many things, things we'd each experienced, fears we each had, things we were looking for, so I guess I wasn't expecting something like this. Because he'd been so open with me about so many things, being blindsided has completely floored me. I really don't know what to do other than just given him the space he seems to so desperately want.
These are questions that I've been asking myself for quite some time now. And I can't come up with any good answers. Maybe I should just let things work themselves out? I do value this person's friendship a lot and would be really sad without them in my life, but I need to protect my own sanity and pride because sometimes that's all I feel like I have left (if even). And while on the surface I don't want to make this friend choose sides, I actually really do want that even if it means not choosing me. And I know that's selfish of me and it would never happen because life is more complicated and fucked up than it should be.
Creating the cool.
Ben Silverstone (Get Real)
Also I heard that you can invest money in bands, which you think have the highest potential and get payouts. Check this website, it this it is awesome.
No, it's true, You dont always see the benefits and the massive swings in public attitude that you want to but I can tell you this we are not living in Africa (although it does sometimes feel like it!) and there will be no Facebook, Twitter, Blog in fact any internet revolution here. So the simple fact is that if you want to see and feel those swings then its YOU that is going to have to create them and I'll repeat it again
If it doesn't sound right or feel right, don't do it.
"My dear Mr. Wilson," she gushed,
Just as ethnic groups in this country are considered minority populations with insignificant political and decision making power when compared to the Caucasian or “white” ethnic group, these individual governments are, when compared to the collective power of all of these governments joined together, insignificant.
Peres said that Israel’s amazing achievements have been made because of the sacrifices of the dead.
I used a bat cookie cutter as a stencil to make my felt bat. Once you have your felt bat cut out, all you need to do is hot glue it to your wooden dowel or clip on earring blank, whichever you prefer. I used a little bit of felt to cover the hot glue on the back of the bat, and to make it even more durable.
The article, by Whitney Kisling, is interesting throughout, exposing the massive pessimism still attached to the markets despite this steep recovery. It is well worth a read for anyone who believes (or wants to believe) that behavioral economics has a lot to teach us about real-world investing behavior. The money quote:
Presentation plus with a complete makeover for today’s astute buyers. Seven bedrooms to choose from, plus three generous sized living areas where peace, harmony and relaxation are paramount! Enjoy creating in the ‘up to the minute’ kitchen and dine alfresco in the dining or out on the large decking.
Earlier, traders would import cement through a goods train from Pakistan as the old check post at Attari lacked adequate infrastructure to facilitate its import through road.
Frank: “…..okay… so that’s kind of sketchy…”
The Sarah Jane Adventures brought Lis a whole new generation of fans who grew up to love her alien-busting adventures. The series was hugely popular with fans young and old and won this year's RTS Award for best children's drama.
Running from May 15 through May 29, via www.hsn.com/pinterest, “Pinners” will be asked to submit their dream room pinboard by picking at least 10 items — five items from HSN.com and at least another five from anywhere on the Web — and tag boards with #HSN and #HouseBeautiful.
And the dead President who is worth it:
What would be your favorite super-power?
Transfer dough into a pastry bag (or you can use a large freezer bag) fitted with a large star tip (or if you don't have one, like me, just snip off the end of the bag to pipe, and after piping the churros out, press lightly with the tines of a fork to make the traditional churro ridges).
Oh, she’ll show u no mercy
The third floor, usually closed, is home to a private rental room, and dominated by a beautiful old wooden bar. This bar came from Delmonico's, arguably the most famous restaurant in New York City history. The owner doesn't know which of Delmonico's many locations the bar came from. (The restaurant moved steadily northward over the years.) But my guess would be the final location, at Fifth Avenue and 44th Street—just ten blocks from Bill's. What's more, Delmonico's closed in 1923, one year before Bill's reportedly opened.
To enter just leave a comment on this post...and for another chance to win you can sign up for Heather's inspiring newsletter here....just leave a separate comment letting me know you signed up.
Speaking of the Big D, you know how I knew there was something fishy about Ms. Kuhn (Stéphane Audran), the owner of the hotel Alan ends up staying at? Upon meeting him, she tells Alan that she thinks Dallas is a fascinating city. Fascinating?!? Dallas? It's a lot of things, but fascinating* ain't one of them. Either way, I looked at her with a truckload of suspicion after that. Add the fact that Ms. Kuhn had a creepy demeanor (catatonic with a hint of malaise), presided over a frightfully imprecise set of bangs (you couldn't equalize shelves with those things), rocked an empty baby carriage in a windowless room, and carried around a skinny black cat, and we're talking one unscrupulous landlady.
no browsing, no out of print squint,
Polymer PTC used as Semifuse and the Silistor (Thermally sensitive Silicon Resistor) are two other forms of PTC Thermister.
Anyway, following the session, the team traveled to Bilbao. On the way there, Xabi Alonso read the book “Grupo Salvaje,” as we found out via Álvaro Arbeloa’s twitter. Love the little salute! Once in Bilbao, and according to Raúl Albiol, this woman mistakenly got on the team bus! Let me tell you, she totally did that on purpose, she was just hoping no one would notice and she could hang out with the players. I imagine she’s not the only one to think this up… And since there’s a cameraman in the background, where’s the video?? We also found out through the local media that the team bus pulled up to the hotel blasting music from 50 Cent.
But if you think your interviewer just isn’t seeing your real qualifications, address any concerns upfront. “Calmly look at them, and tell them, ‘I understand how it can appear that way and it makes sense. However, I’m not sure I adequately explained that area of experience. Would you mind if I elaborated a bit?’” says career expert Jeff Gordon.
Two phone calls from topside,
Oh wow! This smells just like maple syrup. It's insane. It's really hard to get anything else aside from this syrup as it smells just disgustingly strong. The applewood bacon follows in the background, but it's not the smell of cooked bacon really, but instead the smell of it right when you cut open a package.
I. Working For the Kingdom
Congrats to all of our winners, our Top 3 Badge can be found on the tab above called "Winner/Top 3 Banners" and other wise our prizes can be claimed by email me at Inky.Impressions@hotmail.com
Two Ways to Avoid the Negative Effects of TV on Your Health
Okay, this is going to be a long one. Maybe I’ll break it into pieces.
The bottle is 500ml and the product is organic and bottle-conditioned. It was quite lively and despite careful pouring, it came out a hazy amber with a medium off-white head. The aroma was moderate levels of ginger; not unappealing, but not as pronounced as I would have guessed.
Of course. “Destroy the old world; Forge the new world.” Along with torture, murder, and public humiliation, Red Guards vandalized or burned down an astonishingly large fraction of China’s heritage. Many temples have been (are being) rebuilt and restored. I lack data but they’re a small bit of what was lost. We look hard to find and visit them, as do many Chinese tourists and pilgrims.
11. Quicksand (Acoustic)
Stamp Set - Happy Birthday
- Water should be changed every few days depending how warm it is. Warmer weather will need frequent change of water.
I was staying at the Premier Inn - my chain of choice, because the beds tend to be very comfortable and the service is of a high quality, but relatively inexpensive - and I chose my favourite, only half an hour from where I live, the Coventry City Centre Premier Inn.
With the London 2012 Olympics edging closer and closer, all elements are drawing together seam by seam. One of which, has unsurprisingly caught my attention.
BUCHHOLZ U, HAAS W, KRAMER M. Influenza-Impfung bei medizinischem Personal: Überraschende Defizite in deutschen Krankenhäusern Influenza vaccination in health-care workers: surprising deficits in German hospitals. Deutsches Ärzteblatt 2002; 99: A2460-A2461.
This week I ran into a old classmate of ours. In fact, when I was a junior and HSSH was a senior, he broke up with me. Dated her. Took her to the prom. And then broke up with her and got back with me at the senior prom. Yes. I should have let her have him. ;)
6. Affable: pleasantly easy to approach and to talk to; friendly; cordial;warmly polite.
In short reply to the lady I shared my training room with, social media is no more dangerous than any other channel. Just as with other channels there needs to be a strategy, a plan for delivery, a series of guidelines, and a mechanism in place in the event of a ‘crisis’ situation.
The hot air fingers it’s way down my sweaty shirt as I step inside the massive bomb suit.
Scout: He’s like Robert Redford out there! Except that he’s African American and, as previously mentioned … checks notes just to be sure … right-handed. Plus he’s already had some big hits for the Phillies!
I would like once again to offer my and the DT's sincerest apologies if we didn't get to comment on your entry. . . I really hope blogger gets its act together very soon!
Warm regards and keep on cooking,
I sent a soil sample in to Florida's Extension Office to be tested and found out that our soil is a little too alkaline and that I would need to add some organic matter to increase the acidity. Okay, I get that but at what ratio? I spoke to a nice guy at the Extension office and he said to mix it half and half with compost. Apparently, you can never have too much compost. Needless to say, I was still feeling a bit unsure about all of this.
DE: Was there anything so over-the-top you had to cut it or tame it, or did you just go for it in any scene?
I of course had an interest in Miss Ginger N. Whiskey because she was wearing my pistol pasties in her Bonnie Parker act and my sheriff stars in her Calamity Jane act, but I would have had to give her a mention even if she hadn’t been because she was absolutely adorable in every way. Her act was very classy and she had such an innocent energy. I was immediately smitten. Check out the pasties! I worked so hard on them and I was bummed that I couldn’t get any good pictures of them on stage. Nothing makes you feel like a pervert quite like attempting to take a picture of something that is nipple-mounted.
Not content with having employed a JCB to dig itself a big hole about alleged insider trading in the senior ranks, Tesco was on course for the centre of the Earth last night as it defended the COO’s hurried share sale, saying he ‘needed to raise cash for family expenditure’. I have it on very good authority that when Ronnie Biggs took part in the Great Train Robbery of 1963, he too faced the wrath of some pretty ruthless gambling club owners. I don’t, however, remember his Brief at the subsequent trial asking this to be considered in mitigation of him having bashed the train-driver’s head in.
since I stopped doing my program. I have learned how to do things more SIMPLY.
Jenny also tried to sell a proposal for a vampire novel called THE ANGEL DISEASE that she had specifically asked me to write. I love that book, too, and hope to write it in full someday soon. But again, nice rejections.
104. “Don’t hate, it’s too big a burden to bear.” – Martin Luther King.
In the U.S. politicians are afraid even to mouth the phrase “climate change,” except to deny its reality. The substitute formulas touted by the administration–”investing in technology,” “all of the above,” and “energy independence”–resolve in practice to using more renewable energy and burning more fossil fuels.
Have you read the Harry Potter series?
Got the hems and gems sewn into the gown yesterday. All that is left is to sew on her belt. She had a breakthrough, she calls it, on what to do for that Saturday. So I'll try and get that wrapped up tonight so she can take it to a friends and try it on for them.
It was pouring today, and so windy the rain was coming down sideways. But it’s getting warmer so the ride to work wasn’t terrible. I really do have to get rain boots (galoshes) and a real raincoat – it’s too tight, and will soon be too warm, to put the thin plastic one over my winter coat. Actually I just need to go shopping and get spring/summer everything. I never needed it in Carmel since basically I was cold all year!
Neu!: Neuschnee
Tools: Punch Bunch - flower punches and leaf punch, Spellbinders - Scalloped Circle
Moving on to the next darker shade, I use R83 coloring each petal from the bottom to just below where I ended with the last color. Here I colored only the top full rose and rose bud so you could see the difference where the new color was added.
Sola Scriptura, are you familiar with this ideology? From my understanding it does indicate that scripture is perfect. I’m not into this paradigm, as it runs on the assumption that our English translations are perfectly accurate. I have a problem with this concept for a number of reasons:
I'm in love with them, but my favourite has to been the Golden Green Beetle Juice.
"Mooooam! The carts aren't big enough for me to sit in! And they don't have good toys!"
13. Jak
And just plain exhausting.
Allow flight.
The use of plastic bottles is also not recommended for long term storage as these might easily affect the silver content. However, if you do decide to opt with this means of storage you should choose containers that are made up of PET, HDPE or PETE plastic.
3) Tomato: this was an excellent sauce with nice smoky flavor throughout.
Healthy Blood Sugar Levels May Be the Secret to Staying Young
Applicant listed the four locations of the Excepted User (and defendant) Hubcap Heaven, Inc., "because user assertedly used the mark HUBCAP HEAVEN in those four locations prior to November 15, 1990, the filing date of the application that matured into applicant's involved Registration." Plaintiff's subject concurrent use application was filed on October 13, 1995.
~Enjoy
"What is that?"
The curry powder mentioned is a mixture of all sorts of spices and powders and we get it here in grocery stores under- mild, medium and strong. I think you can use any meat masala in its place.
1/2 package of bacon, cut into small pieces
This is not in any way an attempt to kill anyone’s dreams. If you are writing and making the income you want to from writing, that’s great. However, if you aren’t making as much income from writing as you would like, perhaps a strategy like that would allow you to hold onto your artistic integrity (however YOU see that) and create more income so that in the long run you can devote more time to the thing that you really love. I’m assuming that at least part of that thing you really love is, in fact, writing.
That I get to make.
~ Misty
hit up one of the 3 restaurants and enjoy a romantic dinner for two
he regularly returns
The vast majority of baseball fans in the US believe that Bonds used steroids, despite the absence of proof of failed drugs teats etc.
Seriously, would love a wall of them just like this entry!
To add insult to injury, Rogers became a critical part in the pitching staff (say what?) in the Detroit Tigers improbable run to the World Series in 2006 that they subsequently lost to the St. Louis Cardinals who beat the…oh never mind.
The batter will be thick but also fluffy, then spoon into the paper cases.
We know more about health and development of our children. We know more about the effect of treating children and others poorly.
Tomorrow, we're going to visit the National Presidential Wax Museum, perhaps take a run down the Alpine Slide in Keystone, check out the Cosmos Mystery Area, and visit Bear Country USA. It's going to be a busy day - stay tuned!
Title says it all. Things are either going to go good today or sadly. If we can talk things through and realize what went wrong with us then we will be together...if he can't promise he will be there for me & be a boyfriend back & not push me away when I have tough times & can't be honest with me then I have to leave. We're meeting at 8pm. I have a letter where I wrote everything down to him. I will read it to him. I'm hoping we don't split but if the facts are not there....
My mother, for instance, when she was married allowed herself to get walked all over, and tolerated really horrible behaviour on the part of my dad, because she was so scared of being left alone. And in the end, all that bending over backwards did absolutely nothing.
4) Underwater Torpedo Silos Take Out The US Navy And Iran Shuts Down The Straight Of Hormuz.
We here in Canada live in that cold freezing weather like its nothin’ eh! Its -30 Degrees Celsius you say? No biggie, our freezer is colder than that! There’s a blizzard out there you say? Oh, it’s probably just the wind!
Additionally, some apparel, baby, camera and photo, electronics, health and personal care, housewares, jewelry, software, sports, and tools and hardware items cannot be shipped to APO, FPO, or DPO addresses. An error message will appear at checkout if you enter an APO, FPO, or DPO address and the item isn’t eligible to be shipped to that address. Check the item’s product detail page for eligibility.
The book she’s offering up today is You’ll Lose the Baby Weight (and other Lies about pregnancy and childbirth), and with six kids, she knows ALL about it.
The guy that the late Molly Ivins called "Governor Goodhair" made a startling admission to the AP this past week: That he'd shot and killed a coyote while jogging last February. OK, that may not be big news in Texas but Perry admitted shooting the animal with his Ruger .380 semi-auto. That had a laser sight. And hollow point rounds. Like that other good-haired adventurer Indiana Jones, apparently the Governor is afraid of snakes.
I noticed it for the first time a few years back. One of the women at work likes to hug people. And she’d come at me with her arms out stretched and I’d actually make this low “eeehhhhhhh” noise as I went in to accept her hug. Then I’d stand there, stuck in this embrace, eyes wide, wondering how long do I keep my arms around her for? Can I let go now? Fuck this is going on forever! OMG should I close my eyes? OMFG is it weird that my eyes are closed? Isn’t that a bit intimate???? Should I let go now? Fuuucccckkkkkk can I let go now?!??!!!! And then me, having about as much tact as a bull in a china shop, says “do we let go now?”.
And it this organic looking “urn” shape has already been nicknamed the “E-Uterus” by Council of the EU officials who will be working in the new building.
They talked on for some time like this, mulling over the old times. More drink was taken. Eventually it was time to go home.
But then, just as Sancha can be considered protagonist, Manna aka Ryan aka Aaron is hero too as it is he who sets the story in motion – of child abuse, of a want for parental novel which is brutally denied, of the dark side of life that lies dormant in each one of us with only the degree varying.
More than 20 years later I look back on that summer and know that when I visit a new place, I’m able to experience it more fully, without the homesick haze. A few years ago I was in Mallorca for a writing retreat, and though at times I really missed my family, I was more than able to find ways to comfort myself so that I could enjoy the experience without the flashes of panic I felt that summer in Belgium. What’s ironic, of course, is that it’s only because I took that first trip to Europe at 18 — barely self-aware, thrilled and terrified — that I can be all kinds of grown up now.
I will interview and share my stories and other students and grads about any and everything about their experiences (not just college, but everything).
Crawl across. The kitchen floor.
Thanks for visiting. Please come back soon!
and are wrapped with decorative paper with the measures of
Approx. 1/4 cup Nutella
02 There Will Never Be Another You 5:40
Since the book cost me nothing at all, I truly was not expecting much. You get what you pay for and all that jazz. Imagine my surprised face when The Christmas Bus wasn't just adequate, but quite good! The book is Christian fiction, which isn't normally my thing, but works quite nicely for a Christmas book. The story centers around a pastor's wife in a tiny town. Christmas won't be the same for her and her husband this year because their children aren't coming home. So, no baking, no huge dinners, no sledding, no fun. Dear Edith takes her husband's sermons to heart - we should welcome people into our homes and share the true spirit of Christmas. For the first time ever, Edith opens up her inn for the holidays.
Temple says: This film is like the very best kind of Easter Egg hunt. Everywhere you look there are sparkly little treats and jokes, and beautiful tributes to other much-loved films. I really enjoyed the nod to every filmi cliche that could possibly be used, and the cheerful ransacking of seminal images from Hindi films of the past. I also loved seeing Pyarelal back up in the credits and on the red carpet! The performances really were very good, from the headline stars to the smallest special appearance and I felt that all the performers shared a love of the 70s film industry and it’s products, so they seemed to give it their best. For all the cheesy fluff, the film-making team also did a very intelligent thing with the Om Shanti equation in the modern era by not making it a romance. Om had no intention of, um, completing his earlier relationship with the newer model, just of seeing justice done for his past life’s true love. It made me a lot more willing to sit through repeated viewings of the slightly draggy second half as there wasn’t that squick factor. I also enjoyed seeing SRK revel in his ability to portray unpleasant characters – he was cold, calculating and quite repellent as OK in some scenes, and got to use more than his lauded five expressions.
“That’s an unusual name.” She looked at Bea expectantly, as though waiting for her to speak, but she didn’t. When it became clear that she wasn’t going to get a response, she spoke again. “I’m Lucy.”
The terrible thing about ethical code is that it is grey. There is never a right or wrong, it is usually context-dependent. Actually, there are two thoughts on ethics: absolutism and relativism (yes, we had to read this crap as part of our training). Absolutism says that killing a man is immoral and wrong in any and all circumstances. Period. Relativism says that killing a man may be justified if the man was Osama bin Laden.
I ordered the Vegetarian Frittata. It had generous portions of mushrooms, tomatoes, onions, spinach, and zucchini. It was smothered with a melted pool of Jack cheese. The wheat toast is covering the home fries, and you can clearly see the housemade strawberry jam, which is so good it can cause swooning.
This guy is a relative of the marmot, groundhog, and woodchuck. We have called them rockchucks in the past, but that could be a local name from the kids.
The best part of getting back to eating real food is rediscovering all of the flavors and tastes I love. It's also exciting to find new and creative ways to enjoy these foods.
Avoid the flame I'm often warned
Don't let the volume of what I've written about the negative stuff make you think it was a bigger deal than it was, though. Most of these things were fairly minor annoyances. The conference was soooo much fun, and I was so happy, and I didn't want to leave. I can't believe it will be a whole year before I get to see some of these people again. I've spent like the last 24 hours friending people on Facebook, making sure I can at least talk to everyone. I can't wait for the next conference!
The annual Gross Domestic Product, the amount assigned to the value of all the goods and services sold, is about $14 trillion dollars. Congress has just voted to raise the “debt ceiling” to about $14 trillion dollars.
The Shoes:
It’s been raining since you left me
What I didn't really take on board though was the groups of mothers who have formed via ante-natal classes. They have shared history of their pregnancies and labours and often meet each other regularly. I didn't really think through what I was going to say about why we were only joining groups at the point Katie was a toddler or what I would say when the labour story comparisons started.
I can’t function with the fear that I am failing, that I am not enough.
I will let you in on a little secret. When I used to get stressed- I would write down why I was stressed and then why I shouldn't be stressed. I find that the mind plays tricks on you, but if you physically write it down you can see where you are really at and not the monsters that your mind is creating.
If you do resistance exercise between 67-85% of your 1 rep max (hypertrophy range), blood flows into the muscles that are contracting making them swell. Once you stop exercising they reduce back to the size they were as the blood flows away.
‘The locals are left to get on with it. They might not be Brits but the reality is that these are lives lost in the British effort.’
In Jill’s room, the throw is more lavender than pink, but I thought pink would look better in my house. And the more I thought about it, the less I really cared if it really looked like Jill’s or not. In truth, I was starting to like the Les Indiennes pillows. I had never gotten used to the plain brown velvet pillows – and I think these add a nice pop. And by a strange stroke of fortuitous luck, I had Hien Lam make me an extra set of pillows in hot pink linen, which I think I can add a few into this mix if I want to get rid of the pink throw.
Mute
a deeper music, the quivering candlelight
So for 2012, I’m doing it again. Yes, I did order components for 4 albums. One of those sets will be my 2012 album. The other 3 are for the extra pictures that I still have in a box. If I can get them in albums and then add the journaling I will actually be caught up on scrapbooking. That would never happen with the way I use to scrapbook.
Christopher Hitchens left me with a broadened sense of my own egotism and self-obsession, the fantasy that my “problems” are even worthy of the word. Compared to the big picture I should be giggling and tossing my head with happy abandon.
These were both Black Hole (imperial stout), one aged in red wine barrels and one not. The barrel aging didn't seem to add anything to the beer. Both were strong but somehow lacking in character.
Storrie goes nowhere near the digital: his delirium remains grounded in the spatial and personal experience of the museum environment. But these tendencies to critique, and more importantly to the expansion of the museum into everyday life are not without their online manifestations. It’s true that net.art remains the great unrealised promise of the internet setting art free, a promise that over-sponsored pixel-pretty shows like Decode fail to redeem. But when with even modest technological means at their disposal museums are capable of opening up photographic archives to the public, teaching science through games, making curatorial processes transparent through blogs and asking the public to contribute to exhibitions years before they open, it seems odd that Google Art Project should feel so like a CD-ROM, the kind of representation of a gallery that those of us who work with museums online for a living had abandoned before the first dotcom bubble even burst. Why has the world’s leading technology company delivered us a ‘virtual museum’ that belongs to the 1930s?
Her name is Robin Potwora, and the website for her "grassroots organization," Main Street Bites Back, features a number of terrifying robot-voiced videos of illustrated political figures, including the hated Barack Obama.Aside from this "grassroots" clown gig? Well, given the Torrington, Connecticut address on "Main Street Bites Back" contact page and the name to go with it... I think it is safe to say that she may just be tied to some very right wing and typical "grasstroots" lobbying money...
The Search for Santa Paws ... Disney (east) ... 1 PM
- Access to the latest Cricut.com deals.- And much, much more!
i'll be doing what i always do when we go...
And, the round ends with Ed Smith on top in Mills guard. I’d definitely give that round to Eddie Smith.
One cannot read this and still believe mainstream media assertions that sharia finance is somehow more ethical and less risky than conventional finance. Without even getting into the moral problems of anti-Semitism and jihadist sympathies of the sharia scholars, this sector—from a purely financial standpoint—is hopelessly marred by corruption, shakedowns, conflicts of interest, nepotism, and lack of oversight. Investors must take note.
Fax: 763-475-6677
DRINK SPECIALS: $3 pints, $5 patron silver & patron XO cafe shots
I wake up to the sound of music, Mother Mary comes to me
Lay out all 24 egg roll skins flat with points facing you (like a diamond). Place 1 heaping tablespoon of meat and cheese mixture in center of each skin.
As I stood back and admired the bright colors and abstract patterns of the canvas, I thought about the definition of art. What truly is considered a piece of art? Does someone in the know have to deem it as such? I've seen art that has moved me to tears as well as pieces that I have wanted to throw in the garbage. I've found that the definition of art is different for each person. My feeling is that it has to be something that you have a reaction to, something that moves you. (Whether positively or negatively.) So I have an oversized painted canvas (by a group of first-time painters) hanging in my living room. Each time I look at the painting, a new pattern emerges. And to me, it's Art
The shop is crammed with books from floor to ceiling, but Joanna Walsh managed to find enough space on the staircase to sketch a series of illustrations. The current owner of the store, Sylvia Whitman, wanted portraits of English language writers and artists who had been connected with Paris, but Joanna Walsh was able to choose her own selection, as well as the James Joyce quotation that snakes around the pictures. The ensemble is a contrast of broad graphic blacks and sensuous swirls tinged with a rococo gold, and is a very evocative addition to the store.
Gagné said his band tries to do justice to Genesis as they performed the album back in the mid-seventies. They looked at photos and video clips, like the one below, which features part of “Back in NYC,” filmed in Bern, Switzerland in 1975:
I always find it funny when I read the names that pattern books have given to their blankets because I find by the time I stitch them they usually have nothing to do with their name. I tend to latch on to a pattern if I like the look of it, then immediately start planning what colours and what kind yarn I'd like to have it stitched in.
I offer this testimony as an attorney experienced in real estate, as an urban planner and as former senior government official who worked for more than a quarter of century in the areas of public finance and development for the state’s finance authorities.
Clarke Osborne, who spoke on behalf of residents, said: "We have needed to mobilise very quickly as this very important news for this part of the Chew Valley came to our notice just ten days ago, despite, as we have learnt, this process being under way for more than a year.
After Innovia was permitted to serve the claim form in the first of these two actions outside the jurisdiction, Frito-Lay contested the court's jurisdiction and issued proceedings of its own against Innovia in Texas, seeking declarations that it was the rightful inventor and owner of all the applications and resulting patents.
Me: ILOVETHATMOVIE! IWILLMAKEMYSTORYJUSTLIKEIT!
“Lisa, you know that if something is wrong, you can always talk to me about it”
Mrs. Arnold Reeli-Bassackwards: Well, she was fine, mostly. Until she started school.
3-Kids have no concept of time or deadlines. They do not care if we have to be somewhere at a certain time. Time is irrelevant to them.
To pass the time until then please enjoy this photo of Spirit Island in Maligne Lake, Jasper National Park in Alberta.
There is a simple beauty to this bleak future.
Aikko
Sadly, my good efforts this week didn't pay off this week, I gained 0.6lbs but that's pretty small in the scheme of things I suppose. I was a little disappointed with it because I thought I had a descent week, lots of activity (running, walking, ultimate frisbee, and Taekwon-do).
Today’s customers have access to an abundance of knowledge.
Wouldn’t you love somebody to love
So I thought it would be a great idea (Thanks Natalie!) to post about what I want instead of what I need. M won't join Pinterest so I'm bringing my Pinterest Wishlist Board to my blog!
Country: USA
Set over three decades, this is the story of Yvonne facing the most challenging issue for a ballerina: how to change herself, her entire creative makeup and outlook, in order to remain more than a blip on
One police source said: “Police are taking a step back and won’t do anything unless the crowd gets out of hand. Maybe it would be like the last time – we arrested them, gave them dinner and released them.”
First the puppies.
Her hair is in a beehive and she has some lipstick too,
The yardstick was carried everywhere he went. He used it to point out items of immense interest, on the chalkboard, during class. He’d also use it to point at the raised hand of a student eager to answer one of his questions.
It is often lamented that the sparrows are vanishing from London, but who dare admit so are the Cockneys?.
Facilities:
- 1/4 tsp ginger
Time for the second post with the party was in full swing, and what did we find for the kidlets to make this year?
That day, Jones also reported hearing that the German Colony, outside the walls, had fallen to Jewish forces and that “Jewish colonies near Hebron” — the settlements of the Etzion Bloc — had been taken by Jordan’s Arab Legion, a major blow to the Jewish war effort.
In 2004, I attended my first Childhood Trauma Practitioner’s Assembly. Back then, sensory intervention was a new concept to me, one that would eventually enhance all that I do in my practice. This year will be my eighth year of attendance at the Assembly. I look forward each year to all four days of training. It is a great time to refresh what I already know, learn new strategies and techniques, as well as network with colleagues.
Bake in preheated oven for 28 minutes. Remove from oven, and cool pastry on the baking sheet.
1,722: Number Of Waivers Granted To Unions And Businesses So That ObamaCare Would Not Outlaw Their Health Care Plans. (HHS.gov, Accessed 4/10/12)
“BAD KIDS GO TO HELL” – Teaser Trailer
So we are finally getting to the point of possibly moving out of my parents house! I know we're thrilled and I know my parents are too (no hard feelings here!)
starting to worry about aging parents.
Go now suffering
Now let’s move a hundred miles or so to the Yorkshire town of Dewsbury. The same sort of thing which happened in Leicester happened there too. But instead of Jamaat al-Islami being imported into the UK, we now have the Tablighi Jamaat. This is a radical proselytising movement – or, as Muslims put it, a da’wah movement.
With one thing and another recently I've had quite alot going on and much to think about. While alot of the thinking has either been preoccupation with something that has been bothering me, or distraction to avoid such reality, I've also had a few moments of relative clarity.
Proving that without cod-reggae written by a middle-aged couple from Exeter they might have been easily lost, the Brothers are still running with the matching outfit theme, this time powder blue ruffled shirts under navy blue bolero jackets and matching trousers with bell bottoms one could hide children under. Innovation? Well, the drummer gets to sing a post-chorus section in a strangulated whine and both guitars seem to be playing rhythm, if that all counts. Lots of Union Jack plastic hats in the audience tonight. Perhaps a shipment was expected for Lynsey and Mike the week before last but got delayed.
move on.
There is a short section on the Technology Strategy Board's Catapult Centres. They sound interesting places and it would be very interesting were they to contain some patent resources. Are there any jobs or even office space going in these organisations? Some SOLO members might find it fun to be based in one.
I got 2 beautiful vintage sheets to make some pretty buntings with:
It does this thing where I try and put foundation on, and the foundation looks like it's sitting on top of the skin, rather than blending properly. I think my skin is too oily. Anyway! Skin is complaining, much in need of TLC. I'll let you know if this does the job and is as 'remarkable' as it says it is!
Somehow a more sensible and rational part of Peter’s brain began to get worried. “Money, you want money?” Peter whispered fighting back the pain that rippled through his body.
Please let me know your full address so Katharina can ship your prize!!
A percentage of increase in business??
Fucking hell: have you even still got your Blackberry, Manish?
Well, you see, praise is connected to value. What we value. And during the formative years - the years we don't separate who we are with what we do - it can become very easily linked to self-value.
Pegboy - Live Amputation (1991. Green vinyl.
9) Feeling a Sacred Trust But the idea that we are separate from our world is a dangerous delusion. Every breath of oxygen we take was first exhaled by a leaf. No animal, even us, can be safer or healthier than its habitat.
CD3
For the record, I think the Common Core is a bad idea.
I’ve been acting in theatre since I was a kid. My mom is a singer – in fact, she was my music teacher in grade school! - and she was always involved in community theatre. So, sure enough, I caught the ‘bug’ and it’s been with me ever since. I started working in the TV and film industry after graduate school. I went to Louisiana State University (LSU). There was so much film and television coming to Louisiana, thanks to a tax incentive passed in 2002, it seemed like the logical next step for me.
The same goes for bad actions.
‘Alongside the illustrious intellectuals and theologians we should not forget the popular movements, the constant existence of humble people who lived out a faith and truth that were different from those proclaimed by the official churches and that found their source directly in the gospel rather than in a collective movement.’
Marion Smith
"An architect," I'd said...
Today (May 3rd) is Van Til’s birthday. Though he was born in the year 1895 and died 1987, his thoughts about theology and apologetics is still important.
Looking for evidence of Obama's past, Fox News contacted 400 Columbia University students from the period when Obama claims to have been there, but not one remembers him. For example,Wayne Allyn Root was (like Obama) a political science major at Columbia , who graduated in 1983. In 2008, Root says of Obama, "I don't know a single person at Columbia that knew him, and they all know me. I don't have a single classmate who ever knew Barack Obama at Columbia ... EVER!
can call you
Here is where I get stuck. In my long lists of description, my freeze-framing of moments in a nearly middle age marriage, I don’t find anything that requires specific gender definitions. I don’t find a single moment that required a man and a woman to make this a marriage. My spouse and I made this a marriage. We stood in front of the worlds we were joining together and said, ”We promise”.
Classic autism, Baron Cohen believes, is such a case of
Wait overnight before baking the financier batter? No problem.
Do I have to explain this one? These two boxers were originally set to face one another, however, with JuanMa Lopez losing to Orlando Salido this slugfest of a fight would have to fight. With the intensity and entertaining styles of these boxers, a fight between the two will surely be FOTY candidate, you can mark that.
Tell me quando quando quando
They were granted R5 000 bail each and required to hand in their service firearms. The case was postponed to August 8.
603 - Jerry Koosman
And as for more sad stories, Gone Away by Safetysuit, The Burn by Framing Hanley, and The Balcony Scene by Pierce The Veil. Racquel once (yesterday) told me that all songs can make stories, and they practically are stories themselves. I've listened to Gone Away so many times, in a way, it already has it's own story, it just needs to be written. Times like these, I wish I could be bothered to write...
I was wandering down a long & well known highways, traffic was surprisingly light. Earlier I had stressed to my S/O how important it was that I take this walk & as I strolled along the road I began to question my own importance & insistence on the matter. It seemed I was walking for hours and not getting very far. I decided that I had made a mistake, crossed the highway and started on my way back home. Once I had crossed & had been walking for some time I happened upon another group of travellers on their own journey, one of which was a very wise & long time friend of mine. She had on one of her bright smiles & from the moment I collided with their group she was pouring insights & advice my way, she said I needed it for my own journey. I was immidiately puzzled as I had already decided my own quest was over and was end route home however she insisted that I had only just begun. There was a path I must take that will lead into the forest, she pointed the way and I started going on the route she showed me. I was surprised the troupe was coming with me, they were all in high spirits, jovial, dancing and very excited for what was about to come. My friend walked along beside me our conversation light & airy, we spoke of getting together for Chai when this was all over.
In the meantime, the new owners of Leeukuil accused those concerned at the animals’ plight of stealing the cattle which had died of thirst!.
The ever-present spectre of ‘evil big business ownership’ was addressed well when Alex explained that, not only has Lion Nathan always had a 37% share of Little Creatures parent company, but they have never exerted an influence when it comes to the integrity of the finished product. This was most notable in the fact that corporate discounts on raw materials have been rejected in favour of staying with smaller, loyal suppliers which served to maintain the essence of the taste profile of the beer.
That's one argument. But if Sir Michael Wilshaw could make it work in Hackney, why can't it happen across the land?
Aromatherapy aids several skin conditions. Use Jojoba oil as it is the nearest thing to natural sebum, found naturally in our skin. If you have dry skin, say goodbye to your flaky complexion by using essential aromatherapy oils. Aromatherapy can help you maintain a moist and youthful skin. Other serious skin conditions such as psoriasis and eczema may be aided too.
Here is some more details of labial and lingual frenectomy. In case the readers have some more questions, dedicated dentists on our panel will be more than happy to offer free dental advice online.
‘What exactly does a library grandparent do?’ I asked, bewildered.
So my inspiration for this came from the fact that breakfast is my favorite meal to cook, coupled with the fact that I love a good breakfast bake that you can make in advance so all you have to do is pull it out in the morning a little while beforehand to take the chill off and throw it in the oven. While this is not entirely the same, it does take some of the hassle out of making a great breakfast for the ones you love and provide them with a fantastic start to their day. Each one of these can be a very, healthy single serving or easily cut in half to serve two along with some bacon or hasbrowns.
“What?! Are you serious? You want me to make you look like a hippie or a druggie, or some Jesus freak?”
David L. Darmofal, MIT AEROASTRO
It was so easy once I had my little assembly line going.
(3) In confidence, as a secret or private matter, not to be divulged or communicated to others; with belief in a person’s sense of discretion: I told him in confidence.
September 13th, 2011
Together, a frame of sculpted, weathered solder and faceted crystal chandelier remnants form a simple, yet elegant cross and provide a beautiful example of the juxtaposition of rustic and refined. Serving as the pedestal for the cross is an embossed antique flask with embedded bubbles which reads, "WARRANTED FLASK'
Of course, we never find this out right away. We have to go through the dance – defiance and/or refusal to do what he’s asked to do, followed by yelling/door slamming/swearing, which dissolves into crying. Eventually, a parent will ask what’s wrong he’ll claim “nothing’s wrong,” and we’ll go back and forth a few time before he spills. There is usually another round of tears and drama before he’s calmed down.
10. Sleepwalker - The Kinks (1977)
PO Kris Aquino: Oh gosh. Sorrrrrry! I’m so mean. Sorry po talaga. I honestly thought you were… never mind. Please proceed.
So we've opted for 50 Shades of Grey in Book Club and I thought I was going to have to order it via the Library and risk being spotted up to no good by the eternal busybodies that make up country life when a friend up and volunteered her copy.
I often tell people that I grew up in a cult, which I did, but maybe I didn’t – since I don’t even know what the word means.
nik
Laughter and our happy cries
And if you are really good, some fun post-op photos!
I know (with some sort of semi-sheepish self-compassion) that I am still in the infertility PTSD mode of worrying I will lose her. Of holding my hand on her back while she sleeps. I can't help it yet. I don't quite believe she is here, and feel, somehow, it is up to me, up to my quiet constant vigilance to stay in this dream. As if I might wake up, find myself without her.
PC&CG Nano chapter one or somewhere in between
Thursday August 14, 2008 - 01:55pm (EDT)
"If some of the more vengeful Zuma supporters have their way, the prospect of some sort of alternative will become real."
Place milk, ream and flour in a large heatproof bowl. Lightly whisk to combine. Add half the cheese and microwave on medium, stirring at regular intervals, until the cheese begins to melt. Stir gently to combine - do not over-mix. Add the pasta, then stir in remaining cheese. Season with sea salt and white pepper. Stir in spinach and transfer to baking dish. Sprinkle with crumbs and bake 30 minutes, until bubbling and golden.
Anyone who wonders why Jews traditionally have leaned toward the socially liberal side need not look farther than the Torah, our major Source Code. The Jews are a people that escaped oppression and slavery, a people that is commanded to “...love thy neighbor as thyself: I am the LORD” (Leviticus 19:18) and warned that “...thou shalt not oppress a stranger: for ye know the heart of a stranger, seeing ye were strangers in the land of Egypt” (Exodus 23:9). Furthermore, the verse above makes it crystal clear that enslavement - for whatever reason - was not to be a permanent status for anyone. Setting free the slaves? A jubilee? That was a pretty radical concept back in the days of the Bible.
Any seasoned writer will tell you that staring at a blank page on a computer screen when the words you so desperately mean to write escape you like a clever fugitive on the run is about the most terrifying state to find yourself in as a writer. The blinking cursor taunting you as it acts as a constant reminder of your current and seemingly endless lack of inspiration. This is a state of torture to be sure. Well as you may have guessed by now, that is the current state this writer finds himself and yet I feel compelled to write something for you anyway. Why you ask?…because in my current state of indecisiveness I’ve stumbled upon an important point that I feel I should share with you.
A voice sounded..at first it seemed to be a
The body scanners, along with bag scanners will be temporarily installed at the entrances to Hyde Park and Victoria Park, where organisers plan to broadcast the games on big screens and hold several music concerts
Right now, we have huge savings going on with our April Tent Event that ends April 30th! Stop by the dealership today four our HUGE tent specials, and if you’re a previous customer, give us a call at 843-725-7000 to take advantage of our $25 off your next service appointment! We’ll see you soon!
I have a hard time describing the style on this disk, other than that it is progressive, with influences from jazz, fusion, symphonic rock, funk and God knows what. No matter what, this is still melodic ear candy that will please a lot of people, such is it’s cross over appeal. It has been a long time ago I got captured so quick and was won over in an instant.
With God, my witness, my reach and my guide,
4 dog
Sayonara
This may involve new kinds of constituent representation on boards. It could involve an ongoing advisory board role or meaningful, regular discussion of issues with stakeholders. There are many forms and tactics that institutions can try to be more conversational. But first, they need to recognize that the days of "broadcast" and "isolation" are over and structure themselves accordingly. What is at stake is not individual grant decisions, but public trust in and the legitimacy of these organizations as a whole.
Jack’s eyes gleam proud
We'll break up the earth, because we know
On this particular day Baby Blue needed a nap and had just fallen asleep in the Ergo (and I knew we'd be there well over an hour).
A man said: “O Allah s Messenger (pbuh)! Inform me of a thing that is equal to Jihad (in Allah’s Cause)!” Allah’s Messenger (pbuh) said, “You cannot (do that). The man said: “Inform me of that. Allah’s Messenger (pbuh) said: “Can you observe Saum (fast) continuously without eating or drinking (at all) and stand continuously in Salat (prayer) from the time the Mujahidin go out for Jihad (till the time they return back home)? The man replied, “No.” Allah’s Messenger said: “That is (the thing) which is equal to Jiha^d. Likewise Allah’s Messenger (pbuh) said:
I didn't check all of the offices, because I haven't yet figured out which keys are which. So if they want me to check them they better tell me in advance. I'm not carrying 30 sets of keys around. Especially in a dang thunderstorm.
1 cup sour cream
We waited until the end of the day to make sure the line was definitely back, called again and cancelled the visit of the technician.
FB: I don't know why they put that but yes, it means a humidifier.
Andrew: I think that pure authentic expression is something that is developed. I was lucky to have an amazing art teacher at school and studied fine art as well. I think you are always learning how to sharpen your creative sword even in other artistic disciplines.
The recipe suppose to be a Vanilla Choc Cupcakes, but I wanted it to be with full of chocolate, so I changed it. Anyway, the topping was exactly from the book!
The second house rule is that the beers I'm to be sampling will be being consumed entirely on their own, and not as accompaniments to a meal. This is another of those 'can of worms' issues in the world of beer adoration, with many aficionados insisting that beer is intended as a partner to food and not as a taste experience in its own right.
Today, I'm sharing a couple of projects that I created for Purple Cows. Have you seen the new CraftGeek line, yet. If not, check it out on the website. I used a PunchIt on both of these layouts.
I got a new job! In addition to my few days a week at the close to home and heart Breukelen Coffee House, I also have my first legit shift at Cornelius, an oyster-centric, artisanal cocktail gastropub, in two hours! It's pretty much all my favorite words squeezed together in perfect synchronicity. Come on: $1 oysters all day every day, killer happy hour until 8, a good price for great food and ample portions, down-to-earth clientele, co-workers and bosses, and good music. It took eight months or so for the stars to align to grant me an opportunity at this gig, and I don't intent to squander it.
Wherever we are, whatever little that we share, redounds to the whole of humanity.
And here are suggestions from the paris experts via Twitter!
Under the doctrine of separation of the powers of government, the law-making functions is assigned exclusively to the legislative, and the legislative branch cannot delegate the power to make laws to any other authority. But it must be borne in mind that what cannot be delegated is that which is purely legislative in nature, not administrative. There are powers so far legislative that may properly be exercised by the legislature, but which may nevertheless be delegated because they may be advantageously exercised in proper cases by persons belonging to the other departments of the government, such as the authority to make rules and regulations of administrative character to carry out an legislative purposes or to effect the operation and enforcement of a law. As illustrations of the proper exercise of the power of Congress to delegate the authority to promulgate rules and regulations with the necessary details to carry into effect a law, are Act No. 3155 empowering the Governor General then, now the President, to suspend or not, at his discretion, the prohibition of the importation of foreign cattle (Cruz vs.Youngberg, 56 Phil., 234; Act No. 3106 authorizing the Commissioner of the Public Service Commission to regulate those engaged in various occupations or business affected with a public interest, and to prescribe what the charges shall be for services rendered in the conduct of such business (Cebu Autobus Co. vs. De Jesus, 56 Phil., 446); and the National Industrial Recovery Act enacted by the Congress of the United States authorizing the President to promulgate administrative rules and regulations to carry out the emergency measure enacted by Congress, though a part thereof was declared unconstitutional for producing a delegation of legislative authority which is unconfined, “and not canalized within banks to keep it from ever flowing.”
B.A. (Honours) Hindi
Both Dragonwife and Spoilboy heavily searched the internet all week looking for a car or truck that was dependable and at the right price but when the former would find something the latter would more than likely shoot it down. All I can say when that happened was thank God for the Carfax internet service. Because without a doubt everyone involved in this car buying quest had an extensive re-education in the fact that private citizens selling some sort of car or truck on their own could lie with professional grade level making the ubiquitous used car salesman green with envy.
You find yourself telling a story you know you've told before, but you don't know if it was to these people. You continue. They let you.
We did open with a short presentation detailing the writing process and the steps we followed to arrive at this point.
As we have seen, white people's criminality has varied greatly over time and space. W.A. Bonger in the 1940s walked us through Jewish, Mediterranean, Alpine, Nordic, Ugro-Finn, and Dinaric (Slavic) crime rates from his time period. Such differences, we've argued, are nothing to wring one's hands over, but a simple reality for policy-makers to take into account.
Tassimo Beverage Maker – Why It’s Different From Your Coffee Maker
“Of course I will…” he smiled. My heart beated so fast everytime I see that smile.
Alright there party people. This is my first post in quite a long time I know! We have had a whirlwind these last few months. I keep meaning to post but it slips by the wayside. But today I am taking a proverbial stand and posting on my blog.
Negative Pegasus
Symptoms Include:
Happy 11/11/11!
I am literally the most powerfully anointed Christian in the body of Christ preparing to open up ONLINE PRAYER MEETINGS.
For those living in the Benelux and Frnace I would like to warn them also to be very carefull in case they want to buy something by Carrefour on the internet.
Now, I'm not sure I'm going to go all out to juice cleanses quite yet, but, you know, I might just get a blender. :)
Norman Tate (English Democrats) 597 18%
Thirdly is one that came up recently in the Independent. Gay people cannot have babies. There are two groups of people who really have an issue with this. The first is that selection of couples who are unable to have any children, for whatever reason. There’s a large group of people like this, and to say that marriage is about babies is, let’s face it, extremely offensive to the people who have to go through life without the ability to bring their own child into the world. Obviously there are alternatives, which is where the second group, which is made up of children in care and their parents. If traditional couples are able to adopt babies and raise a family with them, and not suffer undue stigma as a result of it, why should gay couples be any different?
Co-organized by the
i wish you joy and happiness
A "Dabie" is a dog that serves as a pseudo baby. They are coddled, swaddled and loved as anyone would treat their very own offspring. Except, they have a tail and drool all over you. (Love is blind.)
We both did laps of the house, sniffing, checking switches and electricty outlets, obvious fire hazards like the oven, iron... You get the idea. No smoke or fire to be seen or smelt.
Glamour is not the only one, cuz, I actually have 11 reviews of the band. That's pretty good. And a big one is supposed to arrive soon !!!
We like to home educate because it's - well - just plain good fun.
Southern Tier Oat – NY – 11.0% ABV
-He has also started the Complete Canadian Curriculum for Grade 1 workbook. My goal is for him to be done this by the time he starts his transition into grade 1.
Leauxra did not quit this fiscal year.
All the cards were fabulous, but we can only have one winner.
Like how to make buttonholes that aren't your ordinary button holes and look slick... How to adjust for big bosoms in my sewing, even though that's not really a problem when I sew.for.my.self...
Level 23: Mastery: +67%, Weapon ATT: +23, Minimum Critical Damage: +12%.
How long will this burst of competitive motivation last? Can’t say for sure, but I am taking full advantage of it.
I've been having difficulty fapping in the last few days and it's alarming to me. I can reach the edge but when I try to go over I lose all arousal and progress. So far it's only happened to me three times but it'll likely continue to happen. I just hope it isn't permanent.
The tip-off that swishy then and now came early. While waiting for our table, a man in plaid Bermuda shorts, T-shirt and neon orange sneakers paused outside the restaurant as my nephew observed, “as if reading the menu and wondering if he’d like to come back some time.”
Finally, has Guido been offensive? Obviously yes, if only because someone's bound to have been offended by it. Someone always is these days, but if it isn't Hague, his wife or this Myers bloke it doesn't actually matter. I'd be fucking offended if he said it about me but he didn't, so I'm not. In the same way that I am not responsible for what anyone else says I don't get to feel all offended on their behalf either. And even if one or all of them are offended, tough. Look, if Guido has actually asserted something that is untrue and they're upset enough to sue, fine - that's what legal action is for. But if all he's done is the same kind of shit stirring that the tabloids have been at for decades, mixing a few facts with some questions, a Pythonesque nudge-nudge-wink-wink, and retiring to a safe distance while people draw their own conclusions, then I'd say it's just free speech. We don't have to join in, and personally I wouldn't have made anything of the room and the gay driver bit because I'd have been too incensed about the guy being paid with tax money to have even registered it. We don't have to read it, and personally I didn't because I can't be bothered to read anything that even looks like a who's shagging who story (which is why I didn't get incensed about the guy being paid with tax money - I never got that far). We don't have to like it or agree with it, and personally I'm coming to the conclusion that Guido made a mistake only because all the talk is about bloody Guido being mean instead of Hague hiring a SpAd who doesn't seem particularly Sp and whose ability to Ad was questionable.
Just when I thought my wedding season has ended for 2008, I just took on another one today for New Year's Eve! Yes, 20 days from today! My good friend Debbie of Pacific Event Group mentioned to me that this bride really needed a coordinator to help her on the day of, and since we both work very well together at all of my events, she thought it would be great if I could take on this last minute wedding.
She’ll hug him with breezes
As I passed under the Angel Place installation songs of birds that once inhabited this area filtered down from the canopy of cages. What a wonderful contrast it was to the surrounding urban architecture.
Moreover, I hear it said that there are those in Germany who desire the coming of the Turk and his government, because they would rather be under the Turk than under the emperor or princes. It would be hard to fight against the Turk with such people. Against them I have no better advice to give than that pastors and preachers be exhorted to be diligent in their preaching and faithful in instructing such people, pointing out to them the danger they are in and the wrong that they are doing, how they are making themselves partakers of great and numberless sins and loading themselves down with them in the sight of God, if they are found in this opinion. For it is misery enough to be compelled to suffer the Turk as overlord and to endure his government; but willingly to put oneself under it, or to desire it, when one need not and is not compelled – the man who does that ought to be shown the sin he is committing and how terribly he is going on.
3...
What is their level of competence??
14. Call my mom more.
Olive oil, 2 table spoon
I will put my trust in God at all times! Amen!
We didn't want him to suffer much longer but definitely needed time to say goodbye. We had less than 24 hours to spend with Fritz and make his last day with us special. He was let back upstairs for the night where he enjoyed time walking on my sofas and cuddling up with me in bed for the night. We picked up extra food and made sure the plate was full through the night.
or where i lost my way.
It is now possible to access the new metro UI PC settings by;
I am so sorry; I'm weak and ashamed.
I had my Constitutional Law final today which was three hours long and counts for my entire grade for the semester…no pressure though. I don’t know if there are rules regarding speaking about or transmitting test questions prior to when grades are released so I will air on the side of caution and not go into detail. Grades will not be released for another month and my legal skills grade could even be well into June. I will say though that there were five questions; three 40 minute questions and two 30 minute questions which made for quite a bit of typing.
You may have difficulty believing that giving and a lack of ambition for personal gain can be satisfying. It must be realized and accepted that little long-term satisfaction and happiness is to be gained by rejecting the natural humanitarian inclinations of this path.
Who arrived in the Bugabo Village and found that Maria was still alive but was being starved by her grandfather? This sister.
Framed painting: $300.00 starting bid + S&H
It wasn't until a few weeks ago my 5 year old son's teacher told me how fantastic my son was doing at school and how great he was with Lego. "He must have a great collection at home?", she asked. I said, "no, he doesnt have it". She was in shock. She suggested I get some, so his good behaviour reward for staying out of the Principal's office this first term was a box of Lego. I don't remember having it when I was young but I got such a kick out of helping put together a police van for dogs. My daughter has also shown a great interest in it. I even went out and bought a 3 drawer filing box so he can store it so it doesn't get underfoot.
Just when I started typing; the following words in a song started playing in the background…
Then again, only two (if I recall correctly) of the Friday the 13th films makes any special point of taking place on a Friday the 13th, so we can hardly blame Mother's Day too harshly; besides, the title really was right there for the taking, especially in the heady days of 1980, when the slasher film was still a mewling infant and "event" horror films - the likes of Prom Night, New Year's Evil, and of course Friday the 13th itself, all of them undoubtedly taking their cue from Halloween - were all the rage. So no, not mother's day. Big deal. It's still a horror movie about an insane mother and her insane psycho sons, and I am sure we can all live with that.
I then put her in a shovel and walked to the bottom of the back yard and under the shade of a dogwood tree I dug a small hole and buried her. I fought back tears at the irony as my dad lies sick in his bed downstairs, unable to care for himself any longer.
...that is how I'm taking it right now. Instead of focusing on the 3 BIG things I have to accomplish in the next 6-12 months...
Source: Oracle
All the pancakes that I made were eaten before I remembered to take a picture, so I will just have to add that later for you.
We also read about the company’s commitment to the community, as displayed at the annual Christmas party where gifts were given to over 3,000 children. There are senior citizen appreciation dinners staged by something called “spousal groups,” which were probably called wives clubs until Massey got politically correct. When a flood struck southern West Virginia in early 2009, Massey was kind enough to recall 20 employees it had recently furloughed and put them to work shoveling mud. And for the Fourth of July last year, none other than the socially responsible Motor City Madman Ted Nugent was brought to coal country as the featured performer at the company picnic.
-Angelfire by Courtney Allison Moulton
2. Tidy Mom
I can’t sit down and write much at the moment, but I feel like I need to at least say something about this Florida murder. I’ve heard quite a bit about the Trayvon Martin case and have refrained from posting until now, lest I be forced to eat my words or discover that there was incorrect information upon which my opinion is based. If you don’t know what’s going on in regards to Trayvon Martin, you should. Click the tab about petition updates to follow news stories related to his murder.
With the payments we've stopped,
Amy Winehouse - 06 - Valerie ('68 Version)
In reading the comments thread on one British homosexual newspaper (or campaigning sheet), I was struck by the fact that many anti-Catholic homosexuals - I am well aware that most homosexuals do not actually fall into this angrily anti-religious category, and that many even try their best to 'marry' (no pun intended) their deeply held faith with their sexuality - are keen to use these tragic teen suicides as a means of emotionally blackmailing the rest of society. What some of these commentators seemed to be arguing was that unless homosexuals were allowed the 'right' to marry then all those opposed to 'gay marriage' would have the blood of these unfortunate suicides on their hands. Not only is this type of hysterical argument - or blackmail - obviously immature, but it is also irrational. Needless to say, using the the tragic deaths of these young men (and sometimes women) as political bargaining chips is also highly disrespectful to them and their surviving relatives and friends.
That He may make that which the devil proposeth a temptation for those in whose hearts is a disease, and those whose hearts are hardened –Lo! the evil-doers are in open schism. (22:52,53)
+ 60 km north of White Island
Then they were about to stone Paul when Lysius rescued him and brought him into the barracks. Then Paul was going to be scourged until he appealed unto Caesar. This the second time the apostle did this for we read of similar circumstances in Acts 16:37.
Available online. Priced £15.00
3. A Food Diary Chart to assist you in determining how many servings you will be allowed daily in each food group. (downloadable upon purchase of the EZ Weight Complete Package)
And I shall miss our weather, our unpredictable weather with blue and grey skies, sunshine and snow, that Forrest Gump chocolate box quality. And I shall miss steak pies from Sean's, "Eastenders", fish and chip specials from "Three Steps" and long walks in The Peak District with camera in hand and the banter in our local and visits to Hull to watch my beloved Tigers. Vegetables growing in our garden. There is plenty that I shall miss.
So, what an eerie yet wonderful feeling it is to have, to know that there are those (like our deceased grandparents and other love ones) watching over you from the other side (not on Mt Olympus, but in the fields of Aaru) approving of what we do in life. A powerful feeling overcomes me to think that I am their Hru in this lifetime, as they were mine before I was born and so on.
1/2 cup Classic Coating**
This Cistercian monastery for nuns was named
I’m thinking of organising my own book burning session, of walking in the footsteps of the Reverend Terry Jones, that intellectual giant, defender of mom, apple pie and the American way. But my particular animus is not directed against the Koran, no; it’s another book altogether: it’s Tony Blair’s A Journey.
This is the first step in the inflationary analogy. The second occurs in extreme cases, in which governments, not understanding the relationship between printing money and inflation, start blaming their monetary woes on others, as in Robert Mugabe’s Zimbabwe. The official rate of inflation in Zimbabwe in late 2007, measurable in the thousands of percent per annum, was not, Mr. Mugabe would have us believe, a result of government policies that had predictably destroyed the economy, but of an international conspiracy masterminded by the Blair government. In response, the Mugabe regime responded by criminalizing the perfectly natural, indeed inevitable, price-raising of retailers, introducing price controls that would force them to sell at a loss. The eventual outcome of this saga is not yet clear, but one suspects that Zimbabwe will not be a happier place for it.
1 can condensed cream of potato soup
Don’t Remain Close Friends with Your Exes
I’m in a bit of a nonsense mood and in the humor for nonsense poetry. “The Owl and the Pussycat” is among my favorite nonsense poems, though I feel the terminology does injustice to such a well-wrought little piece of verse. I used to read the lovely, Jan Brett-illustrated The Owl and the Pussycat to my little brother when he was a baby. It was my favorite of his picture books.
BUT… I digress. The only EA-published games I’m remotely interested in are the Sims games and the Mass Effect trio. And since I’ve been in the Sims fandom (or at least, on the outside of it… I think I have one forum post on the TS3 boards?) longer than the ME fandom, I pay more attention to that game and what’s going on with it. As of late, though, bad things have been happening.
- The Louis Vuitton Monogram Inventeur Pouchette bags are here.They feature:
Me(I thought you’d never ask): “It’s this really cool app that Apple and Google supports and it’s what all the cool kids are using to get their photos to look really cool and I want it. So I think I should get this one because I know I’ll have Instagram.”
Michelle Obama thinks it is her business you are fat and we need a national health program. And they just tried to ban kids working on family farms.
Admit it. You see a man in a business suit in the city getting his shoes shined while reading a newspaper; don’t you just get this intense urge to rip the newspaper out of his hands with your teeth and tear it to shreds like a rabid platypus? No? So, it’s just me again I see. Anyway, that’s how I feel. I see a man in business attire and automatically assume he’s a dick. That’s why I feel I never get thanked for holding a door open; people automatically think I’m going to slam the door behind me. They don’t have time to work a “thanks” through their lungs in time.
(We'd go apple picking, buy a couple bushels to store in the basement's cold cellar over the winter. And as Rosh Hashanah would near, my parents would stand at the counter and peel countless apples -- I was always amazed at my father's speed and ability to pare an apple skin in one long, extended strip. When I started helping them out in peeling apples, I would have finished peeling half an apple by the time that my father peeled three apples.)
Some of the better comments were by 'Wayward Son.' Some of these realist commenters seem to be familiar from other blogs.
Bianca
Mr H is having some health issues, he is not good with illness, one of us needs to remain calm and carry on while test results and appointment times need to be waited upon. He also needs to de-brief about work more than usual, I have never been a set of good ears for this. Am trying more lately but still more of my limited head space is filling up.
It has been my dream to own a BMW, not just a toy but a real one. However, with the current financial crisis we are going through, spending for a brand new luxury car is quite impractical and I might add, not an option for me. Although, I might opt for a used bmw car. Buying a secondhand car seems to be a very good choice for me and one that is practical. Now, it's so easy to look and buy for quality used cars . Prices are really competitive and you could also select your own car model. There are a lot of choices to choose from like used ford cars, used volkswagen cars, used vauxhall, used mini and other cars. If you are short of budget or saving your money for other ventures (like me ^_^) go for used cars.
I choose four recipes that covered the spectrum of difficulty and made them back to back. Three of them yielded results worth eating, while one went down the drain.
Last Tuesday I had Inlinkz pick the winner, yet no winner?!?!
I'm not scared of this day any longer. I have no expectations and since Jesus is not my personal savior I am released from the religious aspect as well. I wish the goodwill and love that was practiced at christmas could be spread out through the year. People are hungry on July 19 just as much as December 25. People are homeless everyday of the year. If people were really interested in being like their Christ, they would find a way to embody his ideas of , love, compassion , forgiveness and service to others every day and not just when they need to feel good about themselves. I don't think you get any bonus points for doing service if the reason your are doing it is to be seen doing them or to make yourself feel good. lol
Coming Soon:
Another interesting thing with this beer is that there was no gyling. With such a huge beer it would only make sense to gyle or one would lose a huge amount of sugars and was a lot of the malt. That being said, when you go over the log in detail there was a huge amount of ‘return’ that they took from this beer. Another neat way to save money!
Have a go: Draw. I’m not sure if Bray will have enough to win the match, but Pat Devlin will want to see his side get off the mark on the night be it a win or a draw at the UCD Bowl. It could well happen.
-They do have a nice little wine room, but I did not look at their wine list or prices.
#9 Dan Akerson, CEO of General Motors: "The ’08 recession, which was a credit bubble that manifested itself through primarily the real estate market, that was a serious stress....This is much more serious."
However, I don't own many pieces from her line because since they always have sales most of the time they are always sold out in my size, or they have my size but fits too big. That's the only thing I do not like about her line. Sometimes the size 4 fits more like a 6 or 8.
I have the copy of this book about months ago, and I tried so many times to read it, but I guess I wasn't in the mood those days so I wasn't able to finish it. But since I want to watch the movie of The Last Song (because I'm a fan of Miley :), and I preferred reading the book first before seeing the film, I decided to give it another try. So here it goes...
The first couple sightings of the day were well known to us already, with a Red-breasted Nuthatch working away at a nest hole, and a Northern Flicker calling out to proclaim his territory.
But eventually boys and girls become men and women, and most of us get a little less driven by hormones and physical needs. We become open to more complex relationships, and I think that makes the Friend Zone a place that shouldn’t be considered in a negative light. For one thing, friendship is a pretty big deal, and true friends are invaluable for navigating the stormy waters of life. A friend of the opposite sex can give you valuable perspective on life, on love, on family.
Then it was off to start planting our garden. Jason was unable to help us because he had prior commitments to help clean up the ballpark. But our garden couldn't wait so off me and 2 little boys went to plant a garden - something I didn't have much knowledge of.
1992 was a fairly tumultuous time for Dahlia Seed, but busy and productive none the less with BJ Allen replacing Rosie on bass who left the band to pursue a solo career, and Tracy Wilson joining to take over vocal duties and second guitar duties. BJ's time with Dahlia Seed was sort lived however, as he was replaced by Brian Getkin on bass which solidified the core of Dahlia Seed that would remain intact right up until the very last note of their final sold out show at Maxwells in Hoboken NJ .
Any kid can pick up a hundred pounds if they only have to do it one or two times. But it's the light lifting that does the real damage. Maybe it's just thirty pounds and it starts off slow, but it stays with you all day, and then it hangs around in your arms and your legs even after you leave...It used to surprise our summer student kids...One minute they'd be loud and laughing and tossing the brick around like it was nothing and then, all of a sudden, that little grinding pain would wind up and get a hold of them. You could almost see it tightening around them. It was like they got old all at once. They'd hunch over and get really quiet and start concentrating on the smallest things, trying to figure out what went wrong.
My dad keeps a pellet gun just inside his back door to aid him in his perpetual war with the next door neighbor’s howling dog. They despise each other, my dad and that dog; it’s truly a hate-hate relationship between those two. I grabbed his pellet gun, loaded a pellet in the chamber, and fired once at the already dead female cardinal.
I have been trying to use the time and space they have given me to do something constructive, ie some clearing out. Yesterday I decided to start on the HE 'stuff' - all the 'evidence' I've kept of A's education, waiting for the day when someone wants to check up on us. Tempting as it was to chuck the lot, there are far too many wonderful memories amongst it all, so I went through it all and filed a lot of it away to keep. Quite an emotional afternoon!
I had turned my back for approximately 45 seconds when I heard Laura gasp and turned to see her flailing at Spooky with a Williams-Sonoma dishtowel. He, whiskers covered in cornbread crust, fled the scene, tail held high and went to hide under a couch.
1 save
I did a little calculation… Well, my spreadsheet did the calculation. Since I started this Journey of mine, I have lost 18.5% of my starting body weight. I am thinking that 18.5% is a good number. When I am at my goal weight, I will have lost 31.3%.
A few minutes later, the urology nurse stops in. For a couple minutes, we talk about the bladder issues that happened while he was in the hospital after his last surgery, and she's basically like, "So he really doesn't need to be seen today," and I said we were mainly here to see Dr. T because ... and I lift up the back of his shirt. The nurse covered her face with her hands in horror and says, "I have to get Dr. Tulipan before he leaves!" and bolts out the door. And I said, "That's what I'm sayin!"
The Africa Command’s communication problem remains the same as it has been, and has been mentioned many times across the archives of this blog. The description of the mission does not describe the actual mission. The mission statement has been changed and modified several times. The current mission statement from africom.mil:
Blessed moments crest in orchestral harmony,
Maybe it’s twitter’s fault, when I free myself from the 140 character limit, I just get verbose. I like to think I’m living Bruce Lee’s philosophy of being like water, I shape myself to the available writing space.
Experience implementing back office and web based systems and procedures to parallel overall Business strategies Required 3 Years 2 – Proficient
In 1970 Freddie joined Brian May and Roger Taylor from Smile, talking them into naming the band Queen. Freddie was later quoted as saying of the name:
Writer: Gareth Roberts
In the middle of one of my running intervals - D, while sitting in the recliner (his favorite place to be while I bust my ass, obviously) says, "WOW babe I can so tell you've lost weight! Your stomach almost sticks out less than your boobs again!"............omfgcijsyitf (oh my freaking gosh can i just slap you in the face)!!!!!!!!!! If that isn't the most back handed compliment. Except in his poor, measly little man-brain, that was a SUPER sweet compliment for his baby. OMG.... ok, anywhoozle!!
What I do know matters about making pizza dough (or any dough) is USE FRESH YEAST. If you think it isn't fresh, hasn't been stored properly or is past it's best then don't bother. The other thing I do when I use yeast is add it to warm water - I do this when making bread in the bread machine too - not BOILING water but warm, because it activates the yeast.
the rest of the percentage gets felted, cleaned, photographed, baked,covered up, stuffed, fed to the squirrels, avoided, walked off, cried about and forgiven and tossed.
As a cloistered nun, Lady Lucy’s perspective is much closer to that of the laity than would be the perspective of a priest. Her ease in speaking to the Father, our Blessed Lord, the Virgin Mary and the Saints is fraught with simple and pure intention, and a familiarity that remains humble and yet awestruck. She speaks with candor to God, but at the same time is filled with the fear of the Lord. She gives us a glimpse into the heart of a pious, sincere soul. While she is a cloistered nun, her insights into the spiritual fruits of the Mass remain practical, perfectly so for the practical everyday lives of the modern laity. This book provides for universal holiness, not in some facial external participation, but by a mystical participation, the kind of full and active participation intended by Pope St. Pius X.
“We are now looking at a very exciting few months ahead. Pakatan Rakyat will be very busy preparing for GE-13 but Umno might be even more busy.That there is infighting between the Umno No. 1 and No. 2 cannot be denied and Budget 2012 plays into the hands of Najib’s rivals.”
wouldn’t it be amazing to have the contentment of heart to be able to just look at a new car or a new article of furniture or the latest piece of electronic equipment and simply delight in it’s existence…
Cherry tomatoes on the vine
Tomorrow morning (on Monday), just after 8am, on BBC Radio Leeds, I've been asked to do come in and do an interview about the closure of Leeds' Tetleys brewery, and what that means for the beer scene in the city. I'm very much looking forward to it.
I think I’ll opt for the 5-7-8-12-13-17-22 combo. This will give me a monthly income of $5,000, a house, my own business, world travel, enough money to share with my family, some wealthy friends and another house.
Wolf and Minnie climbed the ladder to the roof and walked around looking for damage. They were soaking wet and grumbling. The wind picked up and you guessed it, the ladder fell to the ground.
Now while I can't testify to it right for another 19week when Baby Z makes his grand appearance, I'm excited to see if its true.
Whaddya think?
I've often wondered what it is about knitting that captured me all those years ago, and has held me ever since. No doubt there's an element of pride in making something myself, a genuine pleasure in taking months to make a gift for someone else. There's the way the continuous action relaxes and soothes, even the knowledge that I'm continuing a craft that's been around for hundreds of years.
Chef - Pushpa Taneja
I tasted through their fruit infused sakes, the Moonstone line, which are intended to introduce newcomers to sake, to be a gateway to other sake. I would agree these are very consumer friendly products, and would also be great used in cocktails. These flavors include Asian Pear, Raspberry, Plum and Coconut Lemongrass. The Momokawa Silver is the base for these sakes, and they are generally sweet, though not overly so. My favorite was the Coconut Lemongrass, and I would love to try it in some Pina Colada style cocktails.
My point here is, there comes a point where their very lives no longer matter, where dying would seem like a welcome reprieve. When that limit has been breached, no “normal” human rule applies anymore. And our inability to recognize this fact ENSURES that the misunderstandings will continue.
Matching wooden refrigerator magnet!
The book is organized in four parts: The Call, The Commission, The Community, and The Charge. After laying the groundwork for the discussion in The Call, he unfolds the theological framework and goal in The Commission. My favorite section was probably The Community, as he dissects six imperatives from Ephesians on how the church (people) is called to live unfashionably. The final section is a single chapter that packs a powerful punch, a final manifesto challenging Christians to live as disciples in the world God is seeking to redeem through our witness.
The mobile billboards manned by Apprentice Prophets are supplementing the 1,200 or so stationary giant billboards all over the US … and the 2,000 billboards overseas: India, Russia, Taiwan, Europe, South America, and Africa.
and they seem really selfish.
A Saudi law firm has demanded apologies, abasement, and reparations from Danish publishers because of the infamous Turban Bomb cartoon. What should the Danish response be?
“She said, ‘Congratulations! Greyhounds are the best dogs.’ Isn’t that awesome?”
Tonight I wanna cry
But they in their turn had their heads filled up
This week the prosecutor Mr JP Marais argued for a guilty verdict because the two accused were part of a gang that invaded the deceased’s house and murdered him. The defence argued that the two accused’s guilt could not be proven and that they were wrongly pointed out during an identity parade.
thought and patience.
and those legs on the chair are pretty incredible too!
My super cute, trendy hair stylist with the purple highlights and the bedazzled eyelashes convinced me.
Its essential message is the condemnation of present-day man as a weakling and the announcement of the next species, the Superman, who lives by “master morality” instead of “slave morality.” God is dead, long live the new god!
A group of kindergartners were trying very hard to become accustomed to the first grade.
So up top, what you see pictured is the one and only good idea I had last week. In order to take my makeup kit with me to photoshoots, and to have a place to put my camera too, I got the idea to go to the art supply store to see what they might have. Makeup artist cases, even the ones on wheels, are extremely heavy and really take a toll on your hands and wrists. I took my original kit to New York for a job and the lovely Nigerian cab driver asked me if the case was full of gold bars as he tried to heave it into the trunk of his cab. When I told him the case had lipsticks in it (the equivalent of gold bars to a makeup artist), he looked at me like I was kidding him or out of my mind.
So I saved $68.28 today and paid $0 at RCSS - a successful shopping day, I would say! How did you do, and what did you get? Share, won't you? :)
K: Speaking of coming out of Georgia; one of the things I wanted to ask you about, as someone who spent half my life in Chicago and the other half in Texas; I’m curious as to whether you think of yourself as more of a northerner or southerner.
Well, I'm mostly finished. The layout plan I chose (with my husband's help, since this quilt is going to be for our living room) emphasizes the secondary patterns using different colors, so I'm a quarter-yard short for the red and orange.
Taking a Survey on Movies
Everywhere we traveled, the vistas were stunning and the people were friendly. I can’t remember a time or place when I felt so at home in a place so foreign to me. Singing praises of thanksgiving to the Lord came naturally to me in this land. Even in the popular, tourist-infested locales, the pace of life was laid back and inviting…well, except for the roadways! But then, that is the subject of a future post.
5. I'm left handed and so is my husband!
Several articles were published about the talk; some supportive and some not. I'm going to address one particular criticism - that we should not even discuss the possibility that differences between the sexes account for some of the underrepresentation. To do so, it is claimed, propagates stereotypes which are harmful to women considering or already involved in science.
Singin’ in the Rain is set in the 1920′s, during the transition to sound in film. The “talkies,” among many changes, brought about a new perception of who was considered a good film actor. SITR portrays three film industry characters – a successful silent movie star (played by Gene Kelly, Cover Girl, 1944; The Three Musketeers, 1948); a young, naive up-and-comer (Debbie Reynolds – a schmillion musicals, How the West Was Won, 1962 and mother of Carrie Fisher) and Donald O’Connor’s (That’s Entertainment, 1972; Toys, 1992) piano-playing, prat-falling genius of a side man. This is hilarious comedy – physical, spoken, sung and danced, as well as a somewhat historical perspective on Hollywood. I don’t mind the musical numbers as much in SITR because they don’t stop the story. The lyrics to many of the songs are funny. All the songs are accompanied by dance numbers that are amazing feats of super human athleticism and grace by Kelly, O’Connor, and one terrifically stylized number with classically-trained dancer Cyd Charisse (Brigadoon, 1954 and Silk Stockings with Fred Astaire, 1957).
Nobody bothered to check the oil.
Gabe talks about SAPS: status, access, power and stuff (free shit). Imagine this: the choices are get a Free cup of coffee or get a Superpower to get your cup of coffee, but for the regular price. This superpower enables you to get pass the line of people waiting for coffee and thereby saves you precious time. Apparently the Choice is to get superpower, so people are not rational!! So free shit is not(!) the issue. The reward is!!!
For more information: 626-797-1163
Once I covered my face completely, I did a second layer with what was left. I then took a paper plate and fanned my face to help it dry. I let it sit for about 10-15 minutes and then grabbed a wash cloth and started to take it off with warm water. The feeling was really creepy- The top layered dried but underneath was still a bit moist so it felt like a second skin was cracking ( the milk layer ) but I couldn't feel it. I think you'll see what I mean. Its was funky feeling.
And on one occasion I saw a full LP featuring this line-up. The design of the album cover looked similar to the single shown here. The LP was in a shop in Marrakech in Riad Zitoun. If you've ever looked for vinyl in Morocco, you know that most stores that own vinyl will not sell it to you, but are happy to record it onto cassette for you.
Mining of roads by guerrilla forces has always been problematic, but one of the early and most extensive examples stems from the Rhodesian "Bush War" of 1966 to around 1980.
Please keep this intention in your prayers.
Shock Corridor concludes with an contradictory unworkable/workable configuration – the only way to find a concordance of opposites at the films ending is to acknowledge that an acceptance of the paradoxes and contradictions of American life ultimately – and in Johnny’s case, literally – requires a schizophrenic perspective. These skills to be able to “read” fundamental narrative duality – albeit in a much more pleasant way – are not dissimilar to those required for audiences of the musical. For Altman, the musical is centred around a dual-focus narrative, “built around parallel stars of opposite sex and radically divergent values. This dual-focus structure requires the viewer to be sensitive not so much to chronology and progression…but to simultaneity and comparison”. Progression is narratively weakened to some degree in Shock Corridor if only because we know where we are going – Johnny states from the outset that things do not end well. Chronology is thus also less important, but, like the musical, an awareness of this dual-focus dominates. It is a film about schizophrenia that requires a certain degree of schizophrenic (or at least split or divided) spectatorial understanding. If Shock Corridor is a “crazy” film about “crazy” people, it is therefore perhaps reasonable to propose a certain amount of “craziness” (establishing a non-classical viewer position) is required to follow the dual strands of narrative action and broader meaning within the film.
The collection ends with a short tale about Cockswain, an adventurer whom Broadmore says is "like Homer Simpson – he's not aspirational. He's an object of ridicule. He's the great white hunter, the white male superhero who can conquer the world. It's a love/hate thing. He represents everything awesome about being a man, and everything that's retarded as well." When Cockswain goes to Venus, for instance, it's just to kill the local wildlife. "He has a very human-centric view of the universe," Broadmore laughed. "He's a classic colonizer." When Cockswain meets a native Venusian, he refuses to call him by his real name and gives him an insulting nickname. Broadmore added, "Venus for Cockswain is what Africa was for the English" in the classic pulp era.
At various times she peed on me and my brand new pillow-top mattress, barfed all over, and insisted on putting me in the middle with absolutely no concern for my cloying claustrophobia.
Kim Logan I get into the ‘creative groove’ by listening to favourite music, and drinking copious amounts of coffee..!!!....if stuck, I just go visiting museums and galleries, and hit my art books, sadly of which I have a huge collection... I am fortunate to have London on my doorstep and visit regularly, each month brings a new exhibition somewhere in the city and I find myself compelled to go..!!.....Its my professional duty you understand..!!!
-I am sad because I will never have anyone protect me the way you did
In questo caso vado a segnalare il disco degli australiani Mercy Arms, che nel 2008 pubblicarono un disco magnifico a dire poco.
The same thing is true for me, as a pastor. I am good enough for God because of my connection to God’s sacrifice for me. I am connected to Christ in his Word, and in the Sacraments of Baptism and Holy Communion.
We should pray for their families comfort, strength, and peace.
Unlike the 1998 Cerro Azul eruption in which several giant tortoise were destroyed by molten lava, despite a rescue operation by helicopters, it is thought that the current eruption poses no danger to the animals.
The young boy stood with George and faced the crowd of people. He knew them all but somehow they were all more daunting when they were faced en masse. He tried valiantly to keep the nervous tremor out of his voice, but he was determined to participate in the grown-up talk. “I just think that we work so hard on the farms, and that-- that—we shouldn’t let anyone take that away from us.”
I'm not. What I'm looking for is a character whose level of intelligence I can predict reliably.
Poor Carrie, trying to hold it all together working at the fish-plant when the kids were small while Jack spent every bit of it on booze and VLTs. Awful life.
So after I tried the blogging thing, and it didn’t work the first time, I have mustered up this one and am doing it again. I know you all must be thrilled to have to back.
Being the know-it-all that I am, I have an uncontrollable urge to grab the guy by the lapels and holler, "Schmuck, you want to make money? Play songs, not scales."
I’m not singling out any one of the numerous articles on this subject, because the problem isn’t any one of them but rather the media pile-on that has occurred over the course of the past week. I firmly believe that individually, any given writer is entitled to write or post on whatever subject that moves them. But in total, this media firestorm makes it look as if Dunham has committed some kind of crime in casting the show the way she did — when there’s nothing unusual about it in the least except that it’s full of women.
ND - We’ve actually got a new deal from this summer where the long forma agreement is yet to be signed so actually what the detail of that agreement is remains to be seen but…
*Wrap vase "Doug" from porcelain pressed into Mike's Douglas Fir bark mold. The inside bottom is textured, too!
Our awesome teacher could be yours too! Eileen Thomas is so sweet, informative, encouraging...everything you need/want in an instructor. Not to mention she brought chocolate! Can't beat that!
It is a common idea that men care only for beauty, and are to be attracted by no lesser virtue--if virtue it may be called. This is a most gross error that even the earliest of our thinkers has laid bare. What says Thomas Carew:
I always dreamed of a house full of kids, not all mine, borrowed ones.
After publication, the story didn't sell well at first. She kicked herself for giving the book that title. But then, of course, it was nominated for a Pulitzer, boosting sales, and then awarded the Pulitzer, and the rest is bestseller history.
Here’s a bit of the day:
families of banking perversion to the Everytown, USA municipal traffic
This can sometimes amount to virtual brainwashing disguised as critical thinking. Fonte mentions that at Columbia University, “new students are encouraged to get rid of ‘their own social and personal beliefs that foster inequality.’ To accomplish this, the assistant dean for freshmen, Katherine Balmer, insists that ‘training’ is needed. At the end of freshmen orientation at Bryn Mawr in the early 1990s, according to the school program, students were ‘breaking free’ of ‘the cycle of oppression’ and becoming ‘change agents.’ Syracuse University’s multicultural program is designed to teach students that they live ‘in a world impacted by various oppression issues, including racism.’”
Alexander, sounding a bit bored, takes care of business with the College of Cardinals, concluding with the appointment of the new cardinals. Meanwhile, Micheletto sends all of della Rovere’s servants away for the day, telling them the cardinal wants the house empty and quiet. Once they’re gone, he’s joined in the kitchen by the servant girl, who starts to get flirty with him.
The sound of me playing around with a mate’s acoustic Eko guitar tuned to open G. Well, he left it lying around, what else was I supposed to do? The bass is my trusty Chinese built black Fender Squire P-bass through my equally trusty Trace Elliot Boxer 15 practice amp both bought super cheap through Loot way back when. I don’t know frak all about basses or bass sound or bass playing but the combination sounds great and works just fine for me. I did two takes for the bass, one for everything else. The second bass take kinda clicked for me though.
Ooi alleged that the officer was instrumental in leaking the story to Utusan.
The menu featured one meat from every category — pan seared chicken breast with chorizo and cornbread stuffing, an IPA brined pork chop, and a pan seared filet mignon with a bacon and potato hash. There were a couple of pastas — lobster mac and cheese, gnocchi with truffles and short rib — and a handful of fish dishes, including salmon, cod, trout and tuna.
This is a beer that's been in the works for quite some time, and has been in the fermentor for quite some time as well. Peach beer has always been something that I avoided, as the first time I attempted to make one it turned out terrible. There was absolutely no peach flavor and the beer was thin and insipid. Normally I'm not one to let something beat me, but it seemed at the time that using peaches in beer just really didn't work. In fact reading others accounts and even in Radical Brewing, peaches didn't seem to be a good idea.
When August 13th 1pm
For four years he travelled, working in mines, repairing steam cranes on docks, crewing square-riggers across the oceans, until he was paid off in Valparaiso, in Chile, where his uncle was a shipwright. He stayed there, working for his uncle, using his engineering skills, learning new ones. The uncle was childless, talked of John being his heir and successor.
Sprouted Seeds
How many stories do you currently have swirling around in your head?
in Abuja, fraudulently sold Chief
Please be warned I have documentary provenance, receipts and witnesses to substantiate every single fact that I have led in the interest of cleaning up UKIP, in the hope of making it electable for decent patriots one day.
How mature
Declutter house and home with the following highly effective declutter technique.
- be sure to use #vampartnow on Twitter to make sure your entry gets counted!
You are playing the guitar? Why you chose this?
2. Knife friendly: Plastic also has this advantage over glass and stone cutting surfaces, but I prefer wooden cutting boards because they are easier on your knives. Your knives will keep there sharpness longer and you will have to make less trips to the sharpener or the emergency room. A dull knife is extremely dangerous as you tend to put more pressure increasing the possibility of a kitchen injury and a potential missing finger.
It's telling that the most popular Scorsese films remain, after all these years, "Mean Streets," "Raging Bull" and "Goodfellas" -- the Italian-American trifecta, with "Taxi Driver" more respected than loved. That's because mooky violence is an easier sell than, say, Edith Wharton or the temptations of Christ. And, armed with the information that Scorsese was an asthmatic child in a neighborhood full of belligerent Italian-American males, it's easy to correlate his greatest successes with "personal filmmaking."
When she texted me that she would go to Jakarta last week, i'm so surprise and excited!! I think that's my happiest moment during this month.. LOL. We met each other on last Saturday Jul 10th. We went shopping together in Mangdu and both of us introduce the guys in our life (my DH Widya, Vera's DH: Viva and DS: Steven).. I especially adore Steven, he's so cute saying that i'm still young and he likes me.. LOL :)
8. Messianic Myths and Ancient Peoples: Shirley and Abed are the dream team. There need to be more storylines about the two of them. Shirley gets to be a hero and I get to laugh at annoying film students. Plus, Pierce acts like he’s Jeff’s rebellious teenage son and seeing Jeff act like Pierce’s father is awesome.
Instead, it would be a rookie scoring his first NHL goal that would make the biggest difference tonight.
Next, as each meeting had a particular theme, someone else read from a piece of literature pertaining to that theme and then took the first turn to speak.
Desperate times need desperate measures.
That, in short, is why I think studying The Phantom is worthwhile. And I look forward to hearing from those readers in Australia, India and Sweden who volunteer to complete my online survey, and hopefully discovering why they, too, find The Phantom a fascinating example of global comic-book culture. (Image of The Phantom courtesy of the King Features website)
If his mother hadn't bundled him up so snugly in winter clothes. Edgar was positive he could have dodged the snowball that was coming right at him.
Last but definitely not least, creating a cozy sitting area in a playroom, is a for sure must! And it can be as easy as tossing some pillows in a corner! It gives your little ones a place to snuggle up with a good book, or to take some quiet down time. They will appreciate it as much as you will! The biggest benefit is that it encourages them to pick up a book, which circles us back to easy peasy step number 1.
with her barbies in her room while
Sometimes it’s comforting for bully victims to know that a star has also had a problem with bullying. Disney actress Demi Lovato, who has starring roles in “Camp Rock” and “Sonny with a Chance” has recently confided about her bullying experiences on the Ellen Degeneres show.
You get a crazy one. Oh yes, you do.
Abigail and I went for a nice long walk before dinner, after putting away the groceries. Mali had already taken Jonathan and Rosie on a walk (with Jon riding his bike, he LOVED that), so I didn't have to feel guilty for not bringing Dum-Dum with me. It was so beautiful out, still sunny and mild and so green and pretty.
The British Columbia New Democrat Official Opposition is submitting this letter to the Joint
Banana Pancakes
All homes have potential so don’t move, remodel! This is how the house looked when our realtor took us through way back in April 2006. I kept telling myself, “the house has good bones…..we can change all this…..”
First thing I did was got to my pair of Skate, and I’m on the free flow. Life from there on wards was so damm good and I roamed the etiar city with my wheels in like three to four hours. The Srface is much much better for the wheels and I just had the most amazing Skating experience of my life in Cheltenham Spa. Okay that’s about it, you should head to the city site and read more for some interesting ideas, and pack you bags and head there. Oh the night life is crazy.
since half past nowhere.
"At the time I had been reviewing crime fiction and military history for a number of years for The Oxford Times' sister paper, The Oxford Mail. I had been interested in military history ever since I had read History at Oxford, and interested in crime fiction long before that, so I'd struck lucky there. Also the Mail's literary editor, Brian Aldiss, was a great friend who had always encouraged me to write. So anyway, I suppose my books are simply a distillation of all that military history and crime fiction interbreeding. Plus the fact that I have lived for many years in a cottage in the country, and crime-writing is one of the last cottage industries."
In keeping with the “S” theme again today for little A, she has a whole wheat pita STOP sign sandwich. On the right are green grapes with a plum and watermelon heart on top and on the bottom right is a peeled clementine packed in her LunchBots Duo. Both girls have ice water with their lunches.
These bracelets were old by Lance Coist and today it gives jillions of fill to use it as a trend and also to substantiation their make.
I hope you enjoy my Simple White Tea
The one thing that wasn't great while away was sleep. I slept poorly/not enough both nights. Yesterday, my sleep deprived body did not bump up well against the Summery temps and extreme pollen count. The kids and I made it to the twice-a-year Craft and Bake Sale in the park, but we didn't hang out long.
12 Brigitte Swenson W Castaic, CA 10:44.8 33:23.09
Outfit details:
(Whimsie Doodles ~ Bubble Leah)
On Thursday evening, Mark Duggan was shot dead by police officers in Tottenham. The IPCC immediately announced they would investigate; unusual for an organisation known for its inefficiency and regular failures to get to the truth. The media were told that a non-police issue firearm had been recovered from the scene, and that one of the police officers had been injured. Later reports revealed a bullet found lodged in a police radio. The obvious conclusions were drawn.
I booked a trip on a plane from Jakarta to Yogyakarta. I took Garuda Indonesia because that’s the only Indonesian airline I tried so far. I was lucky to get cheap (ish) tickets which only set me back about 100 USD both ways. I planned to go on a Saturday then leave on a Tuesday, giving me two whole days for my adventurous vacay.
Cosatu's national spokesman, Patrick Craven, said the strike would now be in the second week of May.
Can I say though, I am pretty fucking pumped to watch him in TC2000 with Billy Blanks
chana dal - 1 cup.
3. Think of your karmic ‘loading’ or account. (Just know that you have one, and feel out for it.)
I had so much fun making my card this time, cause i really love to use more than one image on my cards, but hardly ever do so. Dont know why. Maybe its becouse it for sure takes a bit longer to finisch it of since you have more images to color. (Well, mostly, but not this time, youll see what i meen), and im still kinda struggeling with my coloring from time to time, if not al of the time.
This life holds so many mysteries for us. And while we all may have one destination in mind, there are a thousand different ways to get there and shouldn’t that be the fun of it? When we all reach our final destination and share how we got there?
bordered red geraniums
This far into Saturn's transit of Libra, we start to see the social and professional results of having put this groundwork in. We also see the results of not having put it in, as well as the areas that contain hazardous holes and breaks in structure. This is especially apparent when we relate with those who have shirked the full effort.
Today’s writer, Jonathan Bennett, is the author of five books including the critically acclaimed novels, Entitlement and After Battersea Park, two collections of poetry, Civil and Civic, and Here is my street, this tree I planted, and a collection of short stories, Verandah People, which was runner up for the Danuta Gleed Literary Award. He is a winner of the K.M. Hunter Artists’ Award in Literature.
This pink thing is my Gymboss. It's my timer that I've mentioned before and this thing is the best. It does all the time keeping for you and all you have to do is program it for how many sets you want to do, then put in how long you want each set to be and how long you want your 'rest' time to be. For example, from the left, the BL is the beep level (low), the 12 is my total reps (4 exercises, 3 times each), the 0:50 in the top right is my 50 sec workout and the 0:10 below is my rest time. After you've done your 50 secs it beats letting you know to begin your rest/get into position for next exercise. Then after the 10 secs it beats again telling you to start your next exercise. And so on it goes. Each time you start a new 50 sec the number in the box counts down for you so when you have completed you workout it lets off a series of beeps notifying you that your time of torture has commenced. It changed my workouts completely when I got this little gem. I'll get the website for you and post the link tomorrow along with the dip station we'll be doing.
Beth: After the rain hit in the beginning of mile 7 I knew a sub two half was mine that day I just had work to do to in this last half! The rain was completely exhilarating to me and from there on out I was running happy! I thanked as many police officers and volunteers as I could. I also high fived as many little kids as I could! I just felt awesome so I picked up the pace! Go time!
Thankfully the works in both Strathkinness and Cupar now appear to be finished which will make the next 6 months of no Dairsie Bridge slightly easier but I still wanted to get that off my chest.
They’re old enough now where they’re simply curious. They’re not actually confusing the videos with reality…meaning they don’t really think the trees are out to get them. But they do love their questions, and I just don’t have the energy.
Brittany
Here's a conversation over fake IM that I had with myself. I think I am so FUNNY! Note the number of LOL's. Genius.
The pilonidal cyst is dying a slow death, and I'm praying that it will NEVER come back. I still have a second hole in my bungcrack that continues to drain, but it hasn't become inflamed or abscessed again. I'm taking it easier at work and not on my feet as much, so I think that is helping with the healing process.
Audience Award for Most Popular Show LES MISERABLES
It's not easy to get organized or get things done (or make hay) if you depend on these 'outside' factors. I did read some Amanda Quick books, out of desperation. (Sis's fault for bringing them home!)
ConservativeTruth.org
Sensei Seguin told an interesting story once of a holy man who walks to the banks of the Ganges. On the way he picks up followers. Once he reaches the river, he takes off his clothes, digs a hole on the bank, buries the clothes so they do not fly away in the wind and takes a dip. When he emerges all his followers have done the same, and there are several mounds of freshly dug earth and he does not know which hole contains his own clothes. The lessons are for both the students and the teacher.
The restaurateur meant “mousse.” That is the word for a dessert — and for the foam that people put in their hair in the 1980s.
Agriculture's like an artificial Black Hole that sucks the life out of everyone, out of every earthling it comes into relation with, into a very, very abusive relation with...
Nicholas: CHAIR! (drags a kitchen chair over)
Stitch.
Furthermore, the bodywork being tested in this area may not include any component which is capable of allowing more than the permitted amount of deflection under the test load (including any linear deflection above the test load), such components could include, but are not limited to :
Queen of the Harvest.
So, off to the store I went. I bought Cambria a big White Board and created a Calendar on it. We have the days of the week, and then the daily activities she needs to complete. The activities we put on the board are:
Talk about scared. I was a teen-ager who was engaged to be married to my life partner in five short months. We were in the midst of wedding preparations. We’d bought a bungalow and were fixing it up. I was in college. It was all a bit much.
Calling all hot and spicy food lovers! This recipe is easy to prepare. Taste good if eaten with steam rice.
"Brand walked along the yellow crime scene tape that cordoned off the dilapidated building. His gaze wandered over the stained brick wall and broken windows. He remembered when the building was new, how modern it had seemed rising out of the barren landscape. The abandoned industrial complex south of downtown had deteriorated from a Denver landmark into a crumbling eyesore over the last several decades. Glare from the bright, early winter sun prevented him from seeing inside the dim structure.
we each guessed what their names were, just for fun.
We’ve now posted the first six chapters of Rubicon Ranch, the latest one by Christine Husom, author of the Winnebago Mystery Series. The most fun of a project such as this is that we do not yet know who killed the little girl (if in fact, she was killed) and we won’t know until all but the final chapter has been written. I hope you will enjoy following our story as we write it.
Hour 5 (6pm)
The pasture
Remember that when you’re in the home and all your family wants to do is make you wish you weren’t there.
I loved this line from the 80′s movie Wall Street, but is it accurate? I tend to believe the majority of the time that greed is good as it is at the core of the human desire for material gain. The following was an excerpt from the Dallas Fed that I found really interesting about the banks and Too Big To Fail that talked about Greed:
3 Dead Ed 4:23
Available at most locations of the popular fast-food outlet for as little as $1.49, it’s practically a meal in itself. A soft flour tortilla wraps around rice, beans, a blend of three cheeses, lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream and guacamole, like a protective mother wraps her arms around her children. Spicy scamps that they are, the ingredients try to ooze free as you eat the burrito. But they are doomed instead to satisfy even the heartiest hunger, except maybe for that glob that landed on your shirt.
In my opinion, this is the single best local food and folk art event in Mexico. Probably 99% of expo visitors are Mexicans (and most Mexicans from Mexico City), and they are on to something. The expo is a trip around the country under one roof.
It has been one of those weeks for Mom. She is learning how to live in a wheelchair rather than using her legs and it is a BIG change for her. Whether you have 2 legs or 4, learning to use wheels instead of legs take time. We have to get used to it too, because first Mom had a manual wheelchair, but that hurt her arms too much, so someone loaned her an electric one, and that one moves different and makes weird noises. We also had to have a ramp built, since every entrance to our house has stairs, and Mom can't walk up stairs any more. We are all adjusting, but it has been a little hard.
Justice Scalia: Paul, Tony here. I know you are starting your own firm since leaving King and Spalding. How would like to land some government contracts?
Mix the masa harina with the warm water until well combined and set aside. Combine flour, baking powder and salt. Add to prepared masa. Knead in the lard. If the masa feels a little dry, add a couple more teaspoons of water. Divide dough into 12 pieces and roll each piece into a ball. Place each masa ball on a plate or cutting board lined with parchment paper and cover with plastic wrap. Allow to rest for 20 minutes.
John Dewey, American philosopher and educational reformer, believed that “democracy is more than a form of government; it is primarily a mode of associated living, of conjoint communicated experience.” We are not autonomous individuals, we live within a society. As a society we must evaluate what we collectively value. Are highways and schools important? Yes, then the people should build highways and schools. If we value the humanities, sciences, and arts, then our society should have programs in place that foster their development. America doesn’t have a strong tradition of supporting the arts and changing this won’t happen over night. That is why organizations like the Junior Committee are so important. We engage our demographic, give voice to those who often feel marginalized, and take action. When we work together we can build a brighter future.
MINUSES - I still hate facsimile signatures, even more so on modern products because of the abundance of certified autos. There is some unused space on the back under the small photo. If they had moved the team logo there and reformatted the personal info it would be a nearly card back.
IP Issue: Inadequate trademark and licensing program and controls that capture the intangible value of their specialty coffees.
It is through ‘bersih’, a movement towards fair and accountable election, can our collective ‘kotor’ conscience be made clean.
So begin by placing the butter in a pan over the lowest heat to melt, then crush the digestive biscuits.
If anyone finds my inspiration floating around - would you please send it home? I'm really missing it.
Accessories-
It was really fun to make this, and then eat what we made. We then toured the rest of the facility and listened to how they make tofu on a very large scale (which I might add isn’t too different that how we made our tofu. It’s just more mechanized and efficient.)
6lost/stolen
Above all, I've found that I can sit at my desk and work. But it can't last. The fiction-writing part of my brain is impatient to get to work on a new novel.
The origins of the Liebster Blog award are somewhat unclear but general consensus is that the originated in Germany, Liebster meaning favorite or dearest to showcase bloggers with fewer than 200 followers. Upon accepting this award the recipient must then pass it on to five more blogs of note.
We’ll see, this year I suppose.
Buzzword 2012.1 - Data
Than leave her in the bliss of time
Ok so the light is behind my curtain. Concentrate on that. The curtains are drawn over white venetian blinds. The curtain has light and sharp brush strokes of pink, pale gray, pale brown, and little hints of blue and violet. They all form little patches of paint that look like they can be flowers.
Like all other Presidents, Obama swore to "preserve, protect and defend the Constitution" (Art II Sec 1 CL 8), and he is bound by that oath to support the Constitution (Art VI CL 3). By declaring that the Senate is not in Session, and disregarding its content regarding Appointments, the President committed perjury which is a high crime or misdemeanor as defined by the source quoted below.
I cooked tonight. I haven't cooked very much, and nothing that requires any reduction of wine or coating of meat. Just opening cans, making sandwiches. Friday I did make ribs. Not the best; I messed up the recipe. But tonight I cooked a sauce to put over egg noodles. I reduced chicken broth. So I am pretty happy with myself. I think it's the Valium.
“We pay attention to direction. That is how I run my practices. This workout gave the guys a chance to grow and shine tonight. We will focus a lot on defense this season. Combined with the fact that I hate turnovers, I am looking for players that will do both for us. Playing hard is the first thing I assess. It is not about just one guy. I would love to build a team of 10. There is talent out there as reflected in this tryout. And we are looking for more. We want more competition and more guys. Taking this to a new level will be fun for us and for the fans. The season starts today!”
CR: The book is written in Voice, from different points of view. Jamie tells the story, Rob makes podcasts (you can see an extract at: http://youtu.be/akiiy8io968 ) and Caro keeps a notebook. The quotations head up her chapters. I decided to do this because she seemed like the kind of girl who choose pretentious quotations and write them down in her notebooks as statements. I chose them carefully to give an insight into her thinking; the range and diversity of her interests; her depth and her shallowness. The Peter Sansom quotation is more serendipitous. I was at a poetry reading and he read his poem, My Brother’s Vespa. I liked it because my brother had a Vespa, and then I thought the last two lines would be perfect for This is Not Forgiveness. I asked him if I could use them and he said, ‘yes’.
Saving Seniors, Contacts, referrals and help if you suspect anything that might be abuse.
which is soror and which is
My contact person (in charge of this group, but today was her last day as the lady in charge) went over items of interest. I sat by politely while she spoke and I was given a newsletter, even though I wasn’t part of the group. I thought that was very nice.
From one of the long sides, start slowly rolling the dough across. Be careful to make sure the filling stays evenly distributed. Roll all the way across until you have a long, thin loaf.
I did, however, take some time to update Nathan's Caringbridge website. We have had a lot going on (some good some not so good) the past few months. He is having surgery on his hips and feet on April 11th. Ryan is meeting with the surgeon tomorrow. You can catch up with things by clicking on the Caringbridge button on the right. At least it's a start!
Roads have become wider, hearts smaller. the high-rise buildings, the swanky malls and the development to make it a great modern city has made holes in the very fabric of Delhi that was .
By concentrating on the positive I already have and can channel from my ancestors, then over time there’s less room for the negative and it has no choice but to leave because there’s no longer any room for it in my life (and on my thighs.)
I am an huge fan of the brilliant movie by Mel Brooks, Young Frankenstein. Like in the movie, I wish someone would hand me this:
As I reflected, I thought about how women tend to lose touch with their girlfriends (or male friends), once they are in a relationship or are married. It seems like the easiest thing to do. Focus your time, attention, and devote yourself to that other person, other than your friends. I continue to ponder why this is the case. I think women "keep" their friendships, but they do not nurture them. They stop spending time, talking on the phone, sharing quality time with those friends who have impacted their lives. We are the first ones to let the friendships we worked so hard to build slip away when we become involved in a new relationship. I have heard or read somewhere... too bad I can't remember... that a woman's health depends on the friendships she has with other women.
In the if… else structure it has two parts. If the condition is true if block of statements get executed and if the condition is false the else block of statements get executed
Adjust the size of your images.
-1 tbsp. olive oil
Saturday we went on a bike ride with Maddy and Eric from Hermosa to Venice Beach. Round trip that's about a 20 mile bike ride. When we finished Chad told me how proud he was that I finished it, thanks babe for literally pushing me through some rough spots. Venice Beach has the best people watching ever. There are so many oddballs up there its crazy. It really is pretty dirty though and a little sad, so many young homeless kids strung out on drugs trying to make some money. But then you also have your street performers and freak shows that are great entertainment.
It is unfortunate that the DOJ decided to use the stories of a few sensationalize the process of the Consent Decree negotiations that the DOJ is trying to force upon the Sheriff’s Office, Gusman said. I am also disappointed that the DOJ chose to share their sensationalized comments with the press before they presented them to our office.
"Are you all seated comfortable, too square on your botty? Then I'll begin..." Here the 'concept' starts on side two (see Sell Out), being the story of Happiness Stan's 'trip' to find the missing half of the moon. Hmm.
Caroline xo
Over The Rainbow - Harry Nilsson (Judy Garland W’39)
The driver reportedly removed a .22-caliber handgun and three bags of cannabis from her bra. A search of the car revealed more bags of marijuana.
In 2010, there were 35 new posts, not bad for the first year! There were 41 pictures uploaded, taking up a total of 11mb. That’s about 3 pictures per month.
But I'm not in the U.S. I'm in France, where it's not offensive, it's "charming" and expected. Get used to some banter that would be deemed inappropriate according to American standards. Although many expect this will evolve and become less frequent due to the DSK incident, I think it's ingrained in their culture and fully expect it to continue on the sly.
When I was first married, I raided my mother's linen closet.
As for tomorrow’s post on Fantasy In Motion, I have something really special lined up for you. Check back tomorrow to find out what it is!
He said China's regulations are created after fully considering the ability of the environment to ensure effective supplies of
There was a mix-up. I was supposed to have been at her other hospital. Not the one I'd had the previous two appointments in. No, one that I didn't have an address for or even a written appointment confirmation for - she'd just looked at her diary on-screen and given me a date to be there next. Only there was evidently not here, it was actually there. The receptionist took 20 minutes to decide to tell me I was in the wrong place, and hopes of progress fell through the floor. My assertive bolshy streak took over - was there not a way to ensure that the psychiatrist and I could have this meeting, albeit over the phone? There had to be a room I could use? Seeing as I couldn't get there now in such a short time, and she wasn't going to get over here? Phone call arranged, I was put into a room full of open files. Which I did not peek at. I just read a wallchart detailing what they do if parents refused to medicate their ADHD children.
9. This was the first Dolls song I ever heard.
As Matt puts it, his book is “Simple and direct.” I agree. Use the link and read a little about it.
Some reasons why I believe home is better are :
The idea that a design can be intuited by Really Smart Elite Engineers™ and then implemented by less smart, less elite engineers, is very European. It's also very wrong, and why I really don't like flying on airbus. If everything goes to plan, it's not a problem. If something unforeseen comes up, well the designers just assume that everything will go to plan.
The question is more, what is causing Africa's failure? Where its population have to migrate out of sheer desperation to elsewhere in the world? And why have the immigrants the ANC so willingly let into South Africa (thinking that they'd vote them in) voted against the ANC, following them getting voting rights!
"Big Ranga!" "Fat Yak!"
It is, to a spectacular degree, a horror film about faith, and particularly about the conflict between a modern scienced-driven world of normality and reason and the realm of faith, religion, God, Satan, the soul. And there are many scenes and individual shots that play into this, of which the one that has always impressed me the most is the cringe-inducing examination scene, where poor little Regan MacNeil (Linda Blair) is being poked and prodded in the most squirmy, painful-looking ways in the hopes of finding an explanation for her strange affliction. The subtext, of course, is that all of this modern medical suffering she undergoes is completely pointless: no doctor can diagnose what Regan suffers from.
"And then they grow up and cannot deal with a world that requires a degree of organization. They cannot hold a job where they need to do specific tasks at specific times. We wonder why the U S falls further and further behind in math, science, etc. while we champion goofy ideas like this"
4. Layer chicken in pot. Raise temperature and stir occasionally for about 5 minutes
Flashpacking refers to a wave of techno-fuelled back-packers who, while still seeing the world on a budget with limited belongings on their back, are likely to shell out a little more for a decent hostel/hotel and expect nothing less than wifi to connect their laptops/iPads/iPhones to their digital SLRs to report in real-time about their journeys and keep in touch with the world from almost anywhere.
of these dudes
WHAT: Rally against proposed DOE phase-out of M.S. 571 and co-locations of charter schools
Since I have no photos to post of the "project", I thought I would take a little blogging time today to hang out with Patrice at Everyday Ruralty and spend some time chatting on her farmhouse porch. This is a fun thing to do each week and it gives us a little extra insight into everyone else's day.....
Frontiers have the Giant comeback album ‘Promise Land’ featuring new vocalist Terry Brock (ex-Strangeways/The Sign) and it is very good. Some great hard rock moments, a couple of decent ballads although original member Dan Huff only lends a helping hand here and there. This is the main bone of contention for some fans of the band.
Supplies used: Basically Bare bird embellishment, Paper Loft cardstock and clock, espresso alcohol ink, brads of various metal finishes, a gear style bit from the hardware store, black Memento ink, a stamp, TH Tags die, distress ink in Spiced marmalade, mustard seed, vintage photo, and walnut stain.
In spite of numerous organizational and financial difficulties in Italian theaters, La Scala remains one of the world's leading opera houses, and so not only because of its tradition and prestige but also because of the genuinely good quality of its operatic offer. Teatro Regio in Turin manages to keep up a high level too.
I think if this trend continues the biggest loser in all of this will be retail. They need a BIG discount (around 40%) to cover their bricks and mortar costs. This is basically how it works. If a traditional publisher sets the retail price at 6.99 with a discount price of 55% (which is required for wholesale and distribution, sometimes more), the retailers will need to buy the book from wholesale at 40% discount to make any money at all. Anything less than that and they’re not really interested, which is why it’s difficult to get POD books into retail. There’s nothing in it for them.
– Akamai accelerates innovation in our hyperconnected world.
And it's style central which I adore ... I could spend a full day gazing at the deliciously-styled shop windows and taking in the incredible street fashion while sipping a café au lait at one of the many bistros that dot the Champs-Élysées.
Great for teams, or individuals, looks great, wears fun.
“Yes, how are you, Isis?” Rayna smiled sweetly while sizing up her competition. Isis was a very beautiful woman. Buttermilk skin that gave way to her mixed heritage covered her tall, slender body.
It is important that you draw forth the maximum amount of Adamantine Particles of Creator Light into your physical vessel so the Sacred Fire of Creation may be ignited with your pure intention, and so you may then radiate this wondrous gift out into the world. However, ponder this: when was the last time you sought to experience the exquisite feeling of Sacred Love by turning inward into the sanctity of your Sacred Heart? Radiate love to your Mother/Father God inwardly, and feel your Solar Power Center expand with the most profound feeling of love that you have ever experienced. Go inward, beloveds, for your God Parents await you there. In actuality, it is the Sacred Love of our Father/Mother God that activates/ignites the Adamantine Particles of God Light that you draw forth from the River of Life.
Five members have walked out and now they are fighting with the party leader, William Mawan, over who should contest which seat for BN at the coming Federal Election.
Written-By - A. Cyrille
Tamarind juice or Lemon Juice, to taste
lettuce, to top
That’s a fairly big claim to make as someone who has been playing games for over 25 years.
Linda Moncada
1/4 cup dry roasted peanuts, crushed
One year more, and springtime begins again,
I'll never forget the day he tried to do a little work on me without the shot and things were doing nicely until he hit a sweet spot and the first thing I did was to use my tongue to try to stop the Drill, which worked real good except now the Drill was lodged into my Tongue and we were both crackin up.
I knew Glasgow SNP won’t take the City of Glasgow, because I know Glasgow SNP.
Meanwhile there’s still no real “punk” audience. There’s the occasional new pressing of upper tier hardcore bands and the irreverent Killed By Death series which has always been hit or miss but far too many hardcore bands have been lost in the shuffle. Is this partly because that target audience might be making that same music themselves? Possibly but I suspect it will remain that way because it’s just not marketable in the same way Metal is. Metal will always be a juvenile dream that is dopey but ultimately timeless while hardcore places too much value on reality so it’s shelf life is built in. It’s always of the here and now and it rarely lives on past that. Add this to the fact that hardcore, while it seems rigid and codified, is somewhat more pliable than metal. It has gone on to change and take different forms while metal only seems to change slightly over time especially in regards to lyrical content. This is an especially unusual development because time was that hardcore was stubborn and unchanging while metal was more accepting of new developments ie. thrash, death, speed. All I know is Doom Snake Cult have a super nice repress that came out this year and they have a sizable internet presence in the form of multiple reviews through multiple blogs. No other underground Vegas band has anything which compares. Maybe the metalheads are more obsessed? Maybe the hardcore heads are always moving forward instead of running in place? Band's today borrow effusively from punk and metal so the lines are totally blurred. It sometimes seems like the worst elements of each are cropping up to taint it all but I know there's still good bands out there. You just have to be more selective in what you find I suppose.
Don’t get me wrong. . .my husband is genuinely a gorgeous man at 6’2, 248 pounds of pure vocational muscle, and he knows this. At times Julian can be conceited, but I figured his conceitedness derives from the mere fact of being self-employed and having to compete against other Arborists, so a bit of cockiness was in order.
Whatever type of cloud blew off.. its now coming across the pacific ocean as of FIVE days ago (april 22, 2012).. putting the current “projected” path of this cloud to be somewhere just northwest of Hawaii.. heading east across the pacific ocean towards the west coast USA.
Well, not immediately. It does take me 2-3 years to write one of the big OUTLANDER novels, and about a year to write a Lord John novel (and I do work on more than one project at once; keeps me from having writer's block, and makes me much more productive. So I've been working on both Book Eight _and_ LORD JOHN AND THE SCOTTISH PRISONER). It'll be a little while.
He gets that consistency is important. He's always consistent with our discipline rules. He doesn't lose his temper with the girls like I do sometimes.
i want nothing more than to be with him endlessly.
All images for the web will be in a different format to those for printing offline. They are in a jpeg, gif or png and tend to have a lower resolution than those for print, otherwise it may take too long to load the web page. With web design, as the pages are more fluid and dynamic, you will need to ensure the site or graphic you are designing looks good on all monitors and resolutions. Colours are displayed in RGB, so check there is a CMYK equivalent so that you can use the same colour offline.
A couple of weekends ago I had the honour of attending the open garden of Paul Bangay's amazing home "Stonefields " near Woodend in Victoria ..... I was totally inspired (as was to be expected) by the caliber of his design and the beauty of the garden, I simply had to share the stunning images with you.......
Most people, whether consciously or not, associate food with enjoyment of life. It’s sensuous, it marks occasion, and like sex, it literally keeps us going. The more you seem to like it, the more you seem to like life.
The way this is starting to happen is through independent films.
400 meters in 2:05 = 8:22/mile = 7.2 mph
PL: “Well now you just go to the bar and have a drink. The time goes by much faster.”
20. What Does It Take (To Win Your Love)—Jr. Walker and The All Stars
A: Years ago, self-pubbing was called "vanity publishing" because it existed to appeal to the writer's ego.
We’ll always be together
We ordered some food and decided to bring it home because we cannot stay any longer due to the fact that it is already late. We went out of the store and I notice a beggar outside. I …can’t remember if it is a boy or a girl but I know that s/he is hungry. I instantly gave my burger steak and smile at her/him and leave. Just like that. I ended that day, hungry, went to bed and slept..
the minds essential peace is disturbed to no avail.
I won’t look for you again
If the right-brain is the key to psychic and soul-awareness then these things are obviously a massive threat to Illuminati rule because the Loomies have worked so very desperately to shut it down. In fact the shutting down of the right-brain is their ultimate and central objective and all the other things, like 9/11, the UFO cover-up, the financial system etc, are merely auxiliary to the prime purpose and goal: keeping us left-brain prisoners. Their work begins at the moment of birth with newborn babies being given up to fifteen vaccines almost as soon as they first enter the world; of course a certain number don’t survive that experience, but the Loomies don’t care. The use of vaccines to control the masses was predicted by a very wise and clever man, Rudolf Steiner, long before vaccination was in common usage. The agenda carries on in school with left-brain indoctrination and feeding children bad food like MacDonalds and Monsanto’s GM range. Also “antidepressant” drugs like Ritalin; if this lasts until adulthood it becomes SSRI drugs like Prozac. I’ve already mentioned TV. Fluoride in the water plays a major role because, among other effects, fluoride calcifies the pineal gland. As people like Graham Hancock (See Links column) and Dr Rick Strassman have discovered, the pineal gland is essential to soul-connection, as Rene Descartes guessed… or maybe didn’t just guess… it was centuries ago. Mobile phones are a nasty way of changing the nature of the brain to one more compliant to Illuminati rule; as with vaccines it kills many of the unfortunates who are subjected to it, and the perpetrators are no more concerned. Chemtrails are also a part of this operation, but how this works I will come to later. It’s sad to note that Birmingham is the most heavily fluoridated city in Britain and maybe this is one of the reasons why I feel so uncomfortable there. As Ustane and I walked back to the railway station after the event we both noticed the way that everybody we passed in the street was walking very quickly; we kept having to step aside to let speed-marching pedestrians go ahead of us. The need to rush from one place to another, like fear, requires a sense of the passing of time and so is therefore a left-brain feature. Do the people of Birmingham have especially atrophied right-brains because of the extra fluoride they consume? The ultimate expression of the left-brain prisoner is what has become known as the Skeptic… with a K. Regular HPANWO-readers hardly need reminding about my interest in this subject, but just in case, see: http://hpanwo.blogspot.co.uk/2011/11/london-skeptics-in-pub-141111.html. Skeptics have even categorized their attempt to explain away right-brain activity with a very sibilant acronym that will surely become a classic: the “RSME”, Religious, Spiritual and Mystical Experience.
Why April is the cruellest month—well,
Usually I take the author’s original query pitch as the genesis—the jumping off point for creating my pitch. That way I’m doing a blending of the author’s tone and approach with my own. I didn’t have that for this letter and I wanted to point that out.
let us dance in the brilliance of star-studded night
Unfortunately for me, I didn’t get the day off like I had requested for tomorrow. That means I will miss move-in day. That also means I have to arrive super early on Friday to claim my parking spot and move all my inventory into the hall. I haven’t moved in on a Friday before and it is causing me some anxiety. The show officially opens at 1 pm on Friday May 4th. That gives me about 2 or 3 hours max to prep my booth with my booth-mates.
Hello again! It's been so long I haven't been making any altered art so today I spent a couple of hours finishing off my decorative box. I'm a very "green" person, I save useful things I know can use for crafting some day.
i thought i'd share with you guys a little project i tackled yesterday while sprucing up the ol' living room and kitchen. i've been dying to make some changes around here, and yesterday, some of those changes happened. i'll share more of them with you later, (i haven't had time to take proper "after" pics, and i have a few more things to do!) but let's just say that most of the "making over" involved spraypaint. ahhh, nothing like the instant gratification of spray-on paint.
Mr Justice Norris dismissed Ebden's claim for the cash. In the first place, there was no contract in which News International agreed to pay Ebden £150,000 for publication of his story. The parties had been negotiating over use of the video but did not contemplate any legal relationship arising out of the right to run the story as such. Payment was to be made for use of the video only (i) if its quality could be improved and (ii) it was actually used. However, the video itself was never published.
Makes 32 cookies
It was another windy day in the desert today, and there were very few wildflowers blooming because there hasn't been enough rain this season. So we saw very few live bugs today. Jerry was lucky enough to get a bee in his ear, inside his hoodie! It didn't sting him, but you never saw someone pull off a sweatshirt so fast!
Nowhere is there a person without some level of grief or fear that the oil will wash its way upon our beaches. If not by natural tides, then surely by the next hurricane. I, personally am a "hope for the best prepare for the worst" kind of person. There is always hope. So, I will be heading to the beach with my kids today - as soon as I check my hurricane insurance to see if it covers oil-laden flood water.
There is my scrapbook designing & my photography. Both are a great passion to me. How do I go about making it all work in my favor? How do I go about moving things in the direction of success? I know that I must begin doing something every single day to work toward the new goal. Its just a matter of "what" do I do?
The episodes on Volume 2 will include:
celebrate our 2nd birthday in style with either a birthday card or by using
Usually not kicking and screaming
The church,built in the Dutch style,was founded in 1688. It is the Royal family's local church when
But the story hasn’t ended yet… When the guy comes back, she asks him what queue was that and where she has to take the flight to – guess what – another destination! Everyone was looking at her.. and still not happy with all the mess she has caused, she still passes with heels and hand luggage on the wine again, just to spread it around a bit more, causing a snappy reaction of the attendant and even more people staring at her…
Inequality – Equality
I have loved ATCs since I discovered them. The size of a standard playing card...2.5" x 3.5" is such a fun size to work with. Other than size the possibilities are endless for artistic expression.
April 5 = National Caramel Day -- you can have chocolate with your caramel or inside your caramel
HermEdwards37 days ago
John: The photograph of Clark’s mother you state is the only known existing picture of her. You can certainly see the resemblance, how did you uncover it?
In his other writings, Solzhenitsyn, like many realistic thinkers today, speaks of specific reasons, quite apart from the spiritual ones, why he thinks that such a period of great crisis is facing humanity. He mentions things that you will find in any serious analysis of today’s news: namely, such things as the nearness of the exhaustion of the earth’s resources (if they are used at the present rates); the disastrous pollution of air and water and soil (which is much worse in Russia than in America); the overpopulation of the world and the approaching disastrous shortage of food which seems to be coming; and, of course, the development of weapons in the last few decades, which makes the virtual annihilation of human life possible.
Although many teachers will say that they do not give grades, students earn them. I take pride in not even owning their successes. When they pass state tests or get A’s or B’s in class, I tell them that they did that not me. I guess I could take that credit and congratulations because I did teach them and help them to improve and prepare, but why. I feel better putting it into another’s hands.
Thank you for all the well wishes for Hunter! He continues to be on the mend being his usual happy, spunky self.
There were 183 seats up for the taking and the breakdown of seats I have found is:-
A guy came into the exhibition and wandered around and looked and looked some more then he went away and a few days later he came back looked some more and then he pulled me to one side and said this.
Maybe I’m alone on this one, but I always learned more from losing than I did from winning. I came away from failures stronger than I came away from successes. One of the joys in life is knowing that you have to work hard to get ahead. However, in this world, even if you fail, you stand a good chance of still being rewarded, especially if you’re already very well off.
From time to time a ‘safe’ town will be struck again by Zombies and you’ll need to get back to help them out – once a town is overrun (all other survivors die) it is gone forever, so it is worth giving them a hand.
Buy a small whole chicken, and remove it from the packaging. Something around 5 pounds is the perfect size. (Translation for British readers: 5 lbs. = about 2.26 kilograms or .36 stones. I'm assuming the chicken doesn't come weighed in stones, I just wanted an excuse to use the term. Because what is up with British units of measurement anyway?) I guess it goes without saying that it should be thawed if you have something frozen. But I'll say it anyway. Because that's the kind of friend I am. When your bird is all ready, cut a lemon into quarters.
The study is published in this week's issue of the online journal PLoS One.
That’s very fortunate for the consumer, however, and very lucky for blogs like this one, because while their eyes were off the ball, a lot of people had huge fun with the freedom they were afforded. Most of the acts included on “Wallpaper” never got to release a full length album, but instead stuck out a few singles that even now sound like imaginative and even perverse pop. At their best, they rank up there with some of the more popular works of the era, and if it hadn’t been for the market being utterly flooded with so much good material might have stood a chance. At their very worst, they’re still entertainingly absurd.
Makes 6 servings.
One of the first things I remember thinking, that I continued thinking throughout the entire game, was "Wow. That is a LOT of red!" We were sporting our purple pride for SURE, but they had almost DOUBLE the amount of fans in the stands. Now, don't let the lopsided numbers fool you... this comparison might help put things in prospective:
So this is my 3rd installment of recipe reviews. My first two were recipes found on pinterest. Lately, however, I haven't made much time for pinterest. I just go straight to my favorite recipe blogs and search there instead. So I am having to change the title of this little series. But, here are the latest recipes I've tried and my thoughts on them...and where you can find them!
After seeing a few recent pictures of myself at Noella's baptism, I thought, "Ok, Susie, enough. Start losing this weight...Faster."
Add in the Great Recession and its affect on available advertising dollars, and the result is a perfect storm for news organizations.
Our nakedness was not a problem before the fall. We were innocent. When we ate from the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil, that changed.
I first saw Honey Boo Boo Child in a clip my sister showed me. From that moment on I was determined to watch the full episode of T&T. There were 3 little girls feature-Laci, Heaven, and Alana. Laci is an obnoxious 8 year old girl who pulled off a Lady Gaga act. Her mother tried to have the little girl preform in a bikini covered in raw meat but due to time and the risk of her fake tan running she ended up going on and preforming in the outfit Gaga wore in the video Poker Face. She won supreme in personality…I think. Heaven is a 6 year old girl which freckles. She is also the most obnoxious avid gum chewer smacker I have ever seen. I literally wanted to put my hands through the television screen and rip that gum out of her mouth. All in all, besides the gum smacking, Heaven is a good kid. She’s not overly spoiled and seems to have good parents. I say that because her mom refused to give her caffeine or load her up on Pixie Stix and wasn’t insane like you see a lot in that show. Heaven did a Pinocchio type puppet act and ended up winning mini supreme. Last but not least Alana. Alana is a 6 year old girl whoes mother is an extreme coupon-er. Alana is hilarious. This little girl had me laughing every time she was on. She was so fun and flamboyant but man oh man is she Whiskey Tango. Alana didn’t really place per-say in this pageant. She received queen I think, which is like pretty much receiving a participation ribbon in the pageant world. If I were 6 I’d like to hang out with Honey Boo Boo Child. She seems really rad.
Chihungwa. The other woman was called Recha, she was given by Nzvere to Mashonganyika. Madzivanyika gave her to Chandayengerwa. Chandayengerwa was the son of Chinamaringa. These two wives ran away, Recha went back to Mashonganyika and Wandimirwa to Gutu. When Madzivanyika, Charumbira and Chingoma saw this they very angry, and they sent some people to go and take Nzvere and his sons Guhwa, Mashonganyika and Gutu. Nzvere heard this he was afraid. He told his children not to go. Nzvere told that those two women Recha and Wandimirwa must go back. Then Guhwa said they wanted to go with them. Nzvere and Gutu did not go with them because they were afraid but Guhwa, Mashonganyika, Tanhira, Rewu and their cousin Chozariva and other people went with these women.
Damn it again.
So yesterday afternoon I received an Email from the President of 3 Point Entertainment letting me know their subsidiary company (Tavencraft) was offering a new line of high-end beer steins. Tavencraft makes gorgeous, ultra-cool drinking wessels for properties like World of Warcraft, Marvel Comics, The Hobbit, Warhammer Online, and now... The Walking Dead. They also happen to be expensive.
My learned brother Davide, Jr., J., rightly insists that the timber companies, whose concession agreements or TLA’s petitioners demand public respondents should cancel, must be impleaded in the proceedings below. It might be asked that, if petitioners’ entitlement to the relief demanded is not dependent upon proof of breach by the timber companies of one or more of the specific terms and conditions of their concession agreements (and this, petitioners implicitly assume), what will those companies litigate about? The answer I suggest is that they may seek to dispute the existence of the specific legal right petitioners should allege, as well as the reality of the claimed factual nexus between petitioners’ specific legal rights and the claimed wrongful acts or failures to act of public respondent administrative agency. They may also controvert the appropriateness of the remedy or remedies demanded by petitioners, under all the circumstances which exist.
Volomir: When did you decide to become a professional artist? Is miniature painting/sculpting your goal or do you want to shift to something else in the future?
headline questions erotic
Every day, Oldest texts me photos of his tattoo work. Last week he realized he will have to deal with his and his client's emotions when he does memorial work - something he had not counted on.
Even being a candidate for shamanhood would make injuries such as his quite common. For Mesdan– formerly Danni– such a thing was to be a matter of course. His chest had split open– and resplit every time subsequently– the moment he had tapped into Mana. It had been an accident that first time, and the first inkling aside from his black skin that he would be shaman.
Kelder said: “Police management claims to be so worried because so many police-officers are being murdered, but then an SAPS-brigadier leaves a young female constable, armed only with her service pistol, alone amongst a bunch of drunk men and prostitutes”.
-One of these in a beautiful shade of periwinkle
The archive doesn't work. Type what you're looking for into the search bar above and that (should) take you where you want to go.
Cameron spoke about ‘other representative bodies’ other than the MCB. Which other ‘representative bodies’? We’ve already seen that the MAB is, if anything, more extreme and Islamist than the MCB. What about the Muslim Public Affairs Committee (MPACUK)? That group has a history of anti-semitism and encouraging Muslim block-voting. Its logic is simple: vote only for Muslim MPs. This explains why many Muslims vote Labour – because Labour has Muslim and Asian MPs. Thus the Conservative’s ‘first Muslim MP’, according to Cameron, can only be a positive thing in the tribal politics of Islam.
Of the countries the Economist looks at, Egypt, Hungary, Brazil and India have over government debt over 60% of GDP. In Bangladesh, as best as I can tell, government debt is about 30% of GDP — two-thirds of it to foreigners, the rest to domestic lenders.
ALSO William Levy, I want you so bad.
A war that we understood not came over the world and woke
When you eat foods that contain protein, the digestive juices in your stomach and intestine go to work. They break down the protein in food into basic units, called amino acids (say uh-mee-noa-sids). The amino acids then can be reused to make the proteins your body needs to maintain muscles, bones, blood, and body organs.
On that note, the electricity is stable. I don't even think we have voltage fluctuations all that often, if at all. I think last year the power was out for three hours during one day. And that was it. Similar with water - even though it's a desert climate, the city desalinates enough water for its inhabitants, and I never have to worry about water supply in my home. And I pay to have drinking water delivered to my door. Consistently, reliably, timely.
Now, moving on to a different subject. A HUGE THANK YOU to friend of mine. I got a package today. She knows how my dreams are and what they mean to me. I received this in the mail today from her:
But I say the heart advises these goals and lays the foundation for the reader’s emotional attachment. In fact, the heart is the only reason to care whether the character achieves any of their goals. Heart gives humanity to the book. And humanity, not the cleverness of a hook, endears the reader to the story. It gives readers emotional entrance not just mental entanglement.
I wish I wasn’t so stubborn…
In an uncertain world, it’s no surprise that people look backwards. With ancient empires crumbling, rabbles rousing and new powers rising, purveyors of bread and circuses are looking to the ancient Roman Empire for entertainment, if not enlightenment, in these troubled times.
Thank you for loving us and letting us love you with all of our hearts.
I am flummoxed.
Thank you for stopping by. Have a wonderful week!
There is clearly a machines-and-robots theme on the blog this morning. I was fascinated last week to read that New York will soon have "its own subterranean wonder: a 200-ton mechanical serpent’s head" buried "14 stories beneath the well-tended sidewalks of Park Avenue." In other words, a "gargantuan drill that has been hollowing out tunnels for a train station under Grand Central Terminal" will soon become a permanent part of the city, locked forever in the region's bedrock. It will be left underground—"entombed" in the words of Michael Grynbaum, writing for the New York Times— lying "dormant and decayed, within the rocky depths of Midtown Manhattan."
When I first arrived at the admissions office, I sat and read the tiny amount of literature available about the school. I picked up a new book, America’s Best Kept College Secrets. I was happy to read about McDaniel in that book because it is not included in my bible, The Fisk Guide to Colleges, at least not in the edition that I have. Many good schools are omitted. However, after reading the description of McDaniel, I have to say it was pretty thin and devoid of accolades compared to that book’s descriptions of other schools we have visited and really liked. It was hard for that author, as it is for me, to pinpoint what is is that makes McDaniel really special. It's a nice, generous little LAC in a nice area and its acceptance rates are fairly high.
