Last Spring, President Obama announced an ultra-ambitious plan to bring an $8 billion high speed rail project to the U.S. At the time, Obama said that there were ten potential high-speed rail corridors in the works: California, Pacific Northwest, South Central, Gulf Coast, Chicago Hub Network, Florida, Southeast, Keystone, Empire and Northern New England. Amtrak’s Northeast Corridor from Washington to Boston, the only U.S. high-speed rail network already in existence, would also have the chance to compete for funds. Tonight, the president plans to make the plan official.
to those in control -
The problem with this opening scene is that it makes the Doctor’s army seem a bit weak by comparison. I’d have loved to see the Doctor have to compromise his own beliefs and convince the Cybermen to fight for him against the clerics instead of the Doctor going around and grabbing a bunch of people we haven’t ever seen before. There’s a Silurian female living in 19th century London and a Sontaran male forced to serve as a nurse and it really does come off as, “Hey, we’ve got a Silurian and Sontaran costume ready to be used!” instead of needing these people specifically. Captain Avery the Pirate from CURSE OF THE BLACK SPOT and “Danny Boy” from VICTORY OF THE DALEKS show up for a brief scene, but I would rather have seen these characters and Canton Edward Delaware III get the parts the Silurian, Sontaran, and fat, blue guy get here.
Four billionaires are backing a newly unveiled asteroid-mining venture, adding to an impressive list of ultra-rich people trying to reshape spaceflight and exploration in the 21st century. Planetary Resources, Inc. — which on Tuesday (April 24) officially revealed its plans to extract water and metals from near-Earth asteroids — counts Larry Page, Eric Schmidt, Ross Perot Jr. and Charles Simonyi among its investors. Filmmaker James Cameron, worth $700 million or so, is advising the project, which seeks to both turn a profit and spur the further exploration and exploitation of space.
Unlike most connectionless networking protocols, ATM is a deterministic networking system — it provides predictable, guaranteed quality of service. From end to end, every component in an ATM network provides a high level of control. ATM technology includes:
My Bonus Point: Lisa's favorite color growing up was brown because she felt sorry for it, hence my use of browns on the card.
The authors argue that sugar can kill because of its supposed influence on metabolic syndrome (itself a controversial concept), indirectly implicating a WHO Technical Report that draws no such conclusion. There is little consistent effect on the symptoms of this syndrome in people who eat up to three times more sugar than the average Western intake (A. S. Truswell Am. J. Clin. Nutr. 59, 710S–718S; 1994). Neither have any deaths been attributed to dietary sugars in an exhaustive analysis of US mortality figures (G. Danaei et al. PLoS Medicine 6, e100058; 2009).
Date night - A recipe for a date night in with the hubs after Pierce goes to bed
Of course, of primary importance in hokku aesthetics is the overall subject matter of hokku, which we summarize as “Nature and the place of humans within, and as a part of, Nature.”
I'm longing for a laundry room makeover/mud room. The space will do double duty as a laundry room and catch all for us and Lily's (Our sweet doggy) items. Right now the space has boring white walls with black decor. Actually, lack there of cute decor! We need covered storage to house the laundry items, dog collars, leash, and dirty shoes from outside. The only solution is a laundry room overhaul!
UPDATE 6/8/11: Haven't played the game too seriously lately. However, I decided I'll make it a bit easier to find the map or quest help that you want by adding a table of contents so you can simply ctrl+f search to the thing you want. Also included were the wiki map version links for where either my map doesn't give enough detail for you, or mine is too messy to see. With exception of one, only my maps show secret passages and quest solutions.
But the point has been made. Consistently, we turn our faces away from experience, from tried and tested systems that have a track record of working, to embrace something with a poor record of success. We then pursue it well beyond the point where it has become a demonstrable failure ... and express surprise that it does not work.
(Revelation 2:4-5)
Leda: I wish I could answer. All I remember is that my husband, Bob, said something like this: “Somebody should write a story about borscht.” I said, “Good idea.” That was 10 years ago. The dream-come-true part is that Bonnie and I were in a writing group back then, and when I read the draft, she wanted to illustrate it. I still have the drawing she did in 2002 of Ruthie, which she presented to me. And then we dreamed for a long time. A very long time. So long. Until Neal Porter took the manuscripts and called Bonnie. Then—even longer.
Junax was sitting in his chair burning up about it. How do you go to a house party and decide to become a girlfriend? How on earth does that happen?! He made a mental note never to go to mid-Ulster house parties where nothing but bad, bad shit clearly happened. That burnt him. Then there was getting dumped for some fuckwit with a head shaped like a tomato and the facial features of a kiddy-snatcher. He was only a year younger than Junax for crying out loud, thought Junax.
FYI-I still have two session dates open for photoshoots at the monuments in DC surrounded by the famous cherry blossoms so email me if you're interested.
And layered and messy and intentional.
And the light of them all
The barracks provide troops you can use to block advancing mobs.
Fred Vidal Don’t Hesitate To Invite Sarah Palin To Give Him Her Support For The Beginning Of His Career In The 2010′s With His New Name: Mike Fuller!
I think this is the beginning of something really really good.
Pearson's extension request expands that limited scope to include pretty much everything, everywhere. Here's the exact language:
So I studied Buddhism, unapologetically, to keep my grades up. I even won a prize once. No wiser, no more interested, but compelled, for there was no option for marking down uncertainties on that austere typeset form.
Thanks for stopping in friends, I hope you have a fabulous week.
Film critic Geoffrey O’Brien talks about Killer’s Kiss. He compares it to a student film in the sense that it was done for very little money, was an opportunity for the young Kubrick to experiment, and demonstrates his promise as an aspiring filmmaker. He points out that there is a loose, almost improvisational quality that would be less evident in later films as Kubrick became a more skillful director.
Anyway. Doubts. I had 'em. I never really hit my groove; I didn't feel metaphysical or sensual about birth and though I did my reading and cried at the beautiful, powerful stories of natural childbirth, I felt... harried. Too busy. A little too tense and alone and (list, list, list) to really nail that undefinable state of awesome that carries you away to another realm. Did I hit it during practice hypnosis sessions? A few times, sure. Plus I'd been listening to the Positive Birth Affirmations CD multiple times every day for two months.
~Scott Mitchell
I would like to think that in 14,325 days, 20,628,000 minutes, or 39 years, people or places would shift and change and that my impression of them at some time in the past would be subject to improvement.
When driving to our daughter’s house just one street up from this section, I routinely see a group of seven or more deer, usually standing right in the middle of the road. So, I’m always on guard for these lovely creatures . . . and also always have my camera ready . . .
Last night though, was much better. Instead of walking us to a room with a little table and chairs, we were escorted to a sensory room where the floor was covered in pads. With a swing. And trampoline. And tons of therapy balls. In fact, this room was off to the side of a larger room that was stacked (quite literally) with all kinds of sensory and physical therapy activities. The first thing the OT did was put him in a swing, then she started doing those activities I talked about above. The entire evaluation was littered with deep pressure activities to help calm him down and check his physical development as well. And Ayden? Instead of breaking down into a sobbing, screaming, mess by the end because he'd been pushed so much - well, he was running around, laughing, and playing. Did I mention this evaluation took place over Ayden's normal dinner time? And that it's currently Spring Break here so his schedule was already a bit messed up? To put it mildly...Ayden did amazing. Most of that because of the OT performing the evaluation.
Sriracha to taste (about 2 tsp)
It's a bacteria. It is usually found in the intestines of people and animals. There are lots of strains of E.coli. Most are non-pathogenic so they don't cause disease in the intestines. The trick is that if they get outside of the intestine than they can cause disease. If it gets into your urine it can cause a kidney or bladder infection. If it gets into your blood it can cause sepsis.
I never expected how much this house would stretch me… physically, emotionally, and even spiritually. I also never expected the blessings we would receive through the kindness of strangers we now call friends.
6. MAKE NEW FRIENDS: As everyone on this crawl will be intelligent and good looking, this is an excellent place to meet new people. Also, you will note that some people become better looking as the crawl wears on. If this occurs, be sure to consult your Buddy System partner.
intimidate, assassinate and create a
she lay quiet
we go shining our torches down a path..
And then there are Achievements. Doing certain things will earn you Achievements, which increase the number of Achievement points you own. This is addicting as it gives you an incentive to do something that would have otherwise no gameplay value. You are doing it just for the achievement.
Urban vs. rural
Contains:- 2 Avent Feeding Bottles (125ml / 4oz) with extra soft newborn teats
* 1 tsp salt
But kayak here they do, down both the Swift Current Creek, into Duncairn Dam, and down the Frenchman River through Grasslands National Park in Val Marie when water levels allow. An experience Smith says that allows people to enjoy the park in a different way.
Reflecting on all this, I'm not quite sure what I can meaningfully say about the experience, yet I do feel the need to express it somehow. There's the ever-present chance that I could write an extended, convoluted post which could be summed up as I really don't have the words. Also, an account based on my own subjective experience feels like it would be indulgent: yet should I try to open it up into more large-scale observations then I think I would fall flat on my face.
USDA fee: $24
Where my uncle’s piano sat next to the kitchen entrance,
Cracked Wheat Bread adapted from The Bread Bible by Beth Hensperger
1 package Morning Star Farm OR Boca crumbled soy (or use real meat)
The actions of the Lincoln administration in April 1861, which called for troops after Confederate forces fired on Fort Sumter and the establishment of a blockade of Southern ports, solidified North Carolinian’s opinions for secession. North Carolina newspapers that had been pro-Unionist became Secessionist. Governor John W. Ellis took immediate action by ordering the seizure of federal Forts Caswell, Johnston and Macon, the federal arsenal at Fayetteville and the federal mint in Charlotte. He also authorized the seizure of any federal vessels in North Carolina waters. Ellis called for military volunteers and promised the Confederate Secretary of War as many as ten thousand volunteers. On April 17, only two days after President Lincoln’s call for troops, Ellis convened a special session of the General Assembly for May 1, 1861.
“Yep Bud”
Ahh, the northwoods of Minnesota. Nothing like being out on a boat with a cooler of beer catching your sustenance. August Schell Brewery boasts that it is the second oldest operating brewery in America. My only guess is that Yuenling is #1.
The small clique who rule the City dictate to the British Parliament. It tells them what to do, and when. In theory Britain is ruled by a Prime Minister and a Cabinet of close advisers. These ‘fronts’ go to great lengths to create the impression that they are running the show but, in reality, they are mere puppets whose strings are pulled by the shadowy characters who dominate behind the scenes. As the former British Prime Minister of England during the late 1800s Benjamin D’Israeli wrote:
It's a must-have stamp set! There's a pine tree, a tree trunk with branch that can hold a little birdhouse, a bird, verses, and of course the door. It such a beautiful stamp set to work with, my card came together quite quickly.
In an environment where retail has been challenged, one continuing bright spot is the Galleria in Edina. Where to begin? Perhaps with the strollers at each of the many entrances. Galleria knows the customers it serves and the Edina mom. If she decides to make a quick trip inside, she will find a stroller waiting at the doorway to help her manage her child and her shopping.
If his name sounds vaguely familiar, thank your high school history teacher. George Jr. was the son of the ultimately disastrous Civil War general of the same name, a Union general first fired by Lincoln, then defeated by him in the presidential election of 1864. Despite this, George McClellan Sr. did become the governor of New Jersey, providing his son with a model of leadership he would implant into his many civic duties.
I once joked to a fellow Pumpkin Pie, "it's funny that I've never met you in person, yet I know more about your cervix than your husband does." Haha! Eww....
I can no more
for our hearts
We started fixing a mistake on the tile floor in the bathroom. I haven’t shown you this yet. Did you really think we tiled the floor without making a mistake? :) I’ll share what we did wrong and how we fixed it later this week.
Little Baby Boy
Kern was famously uncomfortable writing swing music and it shows. Maybe I was just feeling grumpy, but none of the songs really jumped out at me, even though I love “Just the Way You Look Tonight” — somehow in the film it doesn’t seem as lush as it should be. As a kid I alighted upon “A Fine Romance”; I still hold that this tune is one of the more entertaining songs in the film.
What I think I’m trying to say is this: Pete Carroll probably forgot that his blood tastes like iron and salt, and that tasting it at all is a very potent signal to the rest of your physiology, particularly the nervous system and attached ganglia, that something is very, very wrong. I think I can safely say Carroll is filled with red blood cells pumped from aorta to his farthest capillaries. Only a human being filled with that precious, fragile liquid is capable of looking so numb, hurt… defeated. He certainly looked that way to me in Eugene, against Stanford. Pissed off too but, like me, still very much in shock. Coming down is a hard thing to do, after all. Especially after nine years of charms and glamors and fooling what we both thought of as mere mortals – the rest of college football – into believing our rhymes and tricks, our deceits and our lies: that we were something other, creatures apart from this earth and its shackles, that we were bound by different rules.
"Mum," he yelled, his pure young voice ringing out securing everyone's attention as can only happen when you desperately want to hide. "What's this in my book bag?"
The opening of Thomas Pink Hyde Park is expected to be followed by more store openings in South Africa in the near future. This will further augment the group’s portfolio, which currently includes flagship stores in London’s famous Jermyn Street; Madison Avenue, New York; and Rue Francois Premier, Paris. There are more than 90 Thomas Pink stores around the world, including in the USA, France, Mexico, Dubai, Hong Kong, Australia, China and Canada.
Jonny….
I had a wonderful evening, went out with friends and saw a movie… laughed a lot. LAST DAY OF TAD2012. Was a nice project.
11Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power: for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created.
I was a coffee drinker... in the way that coffee drove my day... I wasn't great without it but I was super charged with it. My mornings, wherever they were spent, revolved around my double shots of espresso... My first thoughts on waking were always the same ... Where will I find my perfect coffee? How I loved those first few sips... and I really think it was a true love... a lifetime's affair...
After what was to be a two year break from comic strip work, he took on drawing half page illustrations for Girl, and other art work. Then Robert returned to Eagle in 1961 to draw ‘The Golden Man’, the story of Sir Walter Raleigh, in a strip scripted by Guy Daniel and Marcus Morris. It was his final work for Eagle.
Today is: Being a ray of sunshine day. Even if the world is raining on my parade.
It's called, it's called, "Crepe Suzette" which is in English "A Flaming Hot Dish", and so is Suzette..."
Some of this morning’s papers, published before today’s events began to unfold, included a report, in small print, and hidden at the far end of the news pages stating that the French police had cleared all three of the now heavily over exposed “Nazi soldiers” of any involvement in the attacks.
Sunday, June 12 2011
Will Allen, author of The Good Food Revolution, Saturday, May 12 ($5 ticket)
With this in mind, ranchers have to weight how many cattle to hold on to when there is a lack of rain and hay along with high prices, while at the same time holding back replacement heifers to rebuild their herd. Dr. Darrel Peel, Oklahoma State Extension livestock economist has said that it will take five to six years to start rebuilding the national cowherd. This represents a great opportunity for young and up and coming ranchers to get involved in the beef industry in years to come.
We made our way through the corn fields (won't be long till we see corn at the farmers markets!) and found a spot with a clear view of the horizon, and set up and waited.
Darkness. I feel my body hitting the ground.
Let me know if you would like to see more music posts like this!
ever know.
I danced on a Friday when the world turned black
MANDEL CW. Influenza vaccination: policy versus evidence. Protection from disease versus disease severity. Br Med J 2006; 333: 1020.
I store it in this adorable container:
In an instant transforming
3. stamping the flower and embossing it with black powder
When German settlers arrived in the 1700s, they brought a tradition known as Candlemas Day, which has an early origin in the pagan celebration of Imbolc. It came at the mid-point between the Winter Solstice and the Spring Equinox. Superstition held that if the weather was fair, the second half of Winter would be stormy and cold. For the early Christians in Europe, it was the custom on Candlemas Day for clergy to bless candles and distribute them to the people in the dark of Winter. A lighted candle was placed in each window of the home. The day’s weather continued to be important. If the sun came out February 2, halfway between Winter and Spring, it meant six more weeks of wintry weather.
I was destined for failure for that reason alone.
The commentary: This is the part where I share with you some of my vulgar not-so-lady-like phrases commonly used or yelled out at the tv screen (sensitive viewers please be advised as this may contain profanities):
Keep in mind that this list is far from all-inclusive. And remember, when in doubt, you can write to Writer Beware and ASK us if a publisher or agent is okay BEFORE you sign on that dotted line. The service is free. The email address is beware@sfwa.org
What I mean is in days of yore, the PCs framed themselves as the only ones who could defend Alberta’s values and resources from the rapacious designs of Eastern federal politicians such as Pierre Trudeau, Brian Mulroney, Jean Chretien or Paul Martin.
Jimmie's Collage--yeah, she's already well-known. But, man, do I love to read her stuff! She's the homeschool blogger I'd most like to meet...and a trip to China wouldn't be bad either! ;)
07. Thought Pattern (Feat. The AbSouljah)
Ginger garlic paste - 2 teaspoons
That rally for clean elections prompted a police crackdown with tear gas and water cannon.
Part my love, she told him
is knowing you are mine
5. Lack of Inspiration. In Barkat’s view, lack of inspiration points not to a problem in creativity, but to a problem in life. “Writing starts with living,” she declares (p. 29). We run out of ideas when we let our world become too small, when we don’t play enough, get out enough, challenge ourselves or try something new. Life well lived is full of inspiration. It has “so many words I can’t collect them all.” (p. 30)
“The yellow ones are OK. But the orange ones look better.”
If I were to bake this again, I would most likely use a bundt pan and give the streusal a more energetic swirl to create a more distinct pattern. Otherwise, there is very little else I could ask from this recipe. It is honestly, plainly outstanding. Book mark this for your next bake-sale event!
Uncle Sam style top hats may get a giggle, but they just won’t do if you want your daughter to look lovely for the parades.
I'm very excited about the strawberries - I think they might be alpine strawberries, but I'm not sure. The sunflowers will be planted on the west end of my root crop bed to shade the vegies from the worst of the afternoon sun. And the chives are going under the roses.
Not that level 20 is as magic as it once was… you can still get a last name at 20, right?… but it is a milestone and we haven’t made a lot of progress since Najena. Or at least it feels that way, though that could just be a case of double experience weekend hang-over.
Yes, I know this seems a little creepy, given one’s relative captivity while in the back seat of a moving vehicle driven by a stranger who knows you have money, and need him to get where you are going.
A: The German state of Baden-Württemberg. Neither me or my husband have lived in Germany before, so this a big first for both of us!
I gave away a few V cards to some of my bloggy & real world friends. I custom-ordered them from Cathy through her Etsy store, CatShy Crafts. Aren't they just adorbs (adorable)? I bought a lot of felt goodies from Cathy but have been hoarding them. These particular ones are cute because not only did they decorate the Valentine's, they are also detachable and re-usable!
in mortal danger... " - Brent Curtis, The Sacred Romance
8. Worship a God of Sleep. Hypnos, Morpheus, and Somnus are just a few ancient gods who govern the universe’s sleep. The next time you find yourself tossing and turning in bed unable to sleep, convert to any one of their religions, build a stone altar in an empty field, sacrifice a live bull or a young goat, smear yourself with that animal’s blood and set the meat offering on fire. Once the smell of the roasting meat reaches their divine noses (and if they are pleased with your offering) I am sure sleep is on its way!
Beloved and I crossed paths today at an enrollment session for the agency I work for. She was meeting with one of our senior staff people, when she asked her, "Are you from New Orleans? Because I recognize your face." It turns out that Beloved came to Austin via Katrina and was one of the evacuees who took shelter in the Austin Convention Center. And my colleague was one of the first responders at the Convention Center, spending several days there listening to people's stories and comforting them. My colleague was stunned that she had been remembered, and it turned out that Beloved and her husband had decided to rebuild their lives in Austin after being plunked down here completely by chance. Her husband was working, and she has been taking classes.
The most extraordinary show no one saw, Dali arranged original, unaltered Mao era photographs next to their propaganda counterparts in popular magazines and newspapers. The pliable truth of photographic presentation and the force with which it can compel belief was on view.
The study of more than 12,000 women who were followed for about 11 years produced powerful evidence that deaths from breast cancer were more common among hormone-users.
The Home Secretary was to ask the Inter Departmental Committee, which was chaired by the Home Office, to look into preventing an increase in the number coming for employment. There is a note to R.J.Guppy of the Home Office in The Prime Ministers papers notifying him that Churchill had seen the report in that day's Daily Telegraph "about what is termed an influx of West Indians. He is considering bringing the matter before the Cabinet and would like to have a report from the Home Secretary about it." (8)
Schulman
In How to Be a Best Friend Forever, Dr. John Townsend explores friendship, and one of the things he opens with is friendship in crisis. Yes, I like to laugh with my friends, I like to travel with them, to celebrate with them, but knowing that my friends are there for me when times are hard bonds us together in a way that a good time never could.
So that's it for this baby book. I can't finish the other one until Stephanie finds out what she's having, which should be next week.
That is by Kirkpatrick Sale. Oops I just made another political post, didn't I? Oh well. So now I shall try and keep track of what I do this week as an unschooler... Just so you know, it'll probably be boring. :-P Most of the the "learning" I do involves thinking, reading, and discussing, which although very fascinating to me, is not so much fun to read about! Oh, and here's a couple of quotes that I've found recently, and loved. They've also been added to my quotes page.
Man, I am really glad she had an awesome time, because I am NOT doing that again. It's two days later, and I am still completely wasted tired. I was barely able to raise my head during the Academy Awards, which is one of the most sacred evenings of the year for me. (So sad this year that all I saw was "Slumdog" and "The Dark Knight," and almost nothing else that wasn't animated. But, I thought the show was great. Hugh Jackman? Consider yourself on my list.)
I found a new apartment a few blocks away. This is the worst part about leaving places: I am sure I do not even recognize what I will miss most yet.
We decided to have an early night and headed back to the hotel. We were pretty tired after a pretty fantastic day!
"I think he's had a very big influence on the music business.
And naturally this explains the advent of the Public Private Partnership…
I just did some light distressing on this layout and then inked with Distress Black soot. The white circle is punched with MS Deco Fans corner punch, one of my favorite techniques and I think Deco Fans is my favorite MS punch.
It is fun to do outfit posts when clients send me pictures but in Michelle's case I went on-line and grabbed other pictures for you to see too. I want you to really get the scope of how daring this girl can be. These are just a few. This is a girl who dresses like this every day.
My first real adventure was in my first year of University. I’d seen somebody advertising a charity running a hitchhike from Nottingham to Morocco and was hooked straight away. The trip took about 5 days (including a day off in northern Spain) while I encountered crazy Romanian Truck Drivers, blagged a lift from an OAP coach tour and even got a lift from a French driving school. The trip felt like my first real adventure and raised about £600 for Link Community Development supporting education projects in the UK & Africa.
“OK. But first I do fart and I do piss on Enzo’s car.”
Unbelievably he actually won. The last duel with the surviving German was epic, and the game mutates all the time when planes start going down. Below you can see a ton of pics of the game, in chronological order from deployment to the last duel.
Imagine an IPL consisting of some Pakistani players supported by Indian audiences. It would be an eye opener for politicians, who think India and Pakistan cannot gel with one another. They can play an important role in bringing peace to both the countries. Look at the only Pakistan born player plying his trade in IPL, Azhar Mahmood perform. He has been a great asset for Kings XI Punjab. He was very lucky to play in the IPL, as he has a British passport with him. Pakistan players must be envying him, when he whacks the ball for a six in the IPL. A few more Pakistan players could have brought fire in the competition.
6. Smokin'
Just interacting with other people, sharing opinions, inspiring each other and just talking to people I wouldn't have met had it not been for the beauty blogging world.
China is not ready for pluralisation of cultures. Alai believes that the greater the variety of cultures in a society, the more beautiful it will be - as in nature. By 'culture' he means not just the religion but the whole culture, and not just Tibetan but all the minorities in China.
Jesus’ disciples knew that he was not only their leader. He was their example. Before he sent them out in two’s, he traveled with them, showing them the way. At his death, these men had experienced survival because the Lord had sent them out to experience the Holy Spirit’s working through them.
Publicly surrenders to lying politicians and their developer friends.
+1 leave a comment with your email
I cant tell you how many times people tell me they have nothing to take a picture of when just walking around their home.
But while writer's need to be told, "Write what you know," they also need to be told:
Fawaz Farhan was the only medic present in the lecture and he said: “it is unfortunate that the medical association is not hosting this project.” Farhan said that racism already exists in hospitals as non-kuwaitis do not get any medicine as citizens do and also because they are paying fees for each visit and tests needed. Farhan also said that racist segregation already exists in some clinics. He described the project saying “They want steal the money of non-kuwaitis to
Even though I have the first two iterations of Dopesmoker (Jerusalem and Dopesmoker), I am (quite figuratively) dying to hear this one-- it's remastered, there's Arik Roper's new stoner-via-Dune esque cover, there's crazy anecdotes about the recording of the album, e.g.:
It would appear that the volcano under the island of Santorini is showing increasing signs of activity, that might be the prelude to an eruption. This in turn could have a far greater catastrophic effect on Greece and the surrounding area than any Euro default.
In addition, there is still more evidence that has not been tested for DNA, including cigarette butts and at least three drinking glasses found at the crime scene. In 2010, the court ordered that all items that had not been tested be tested, but these items still have not been tested.
Back in more spendy days, I liked to buy purses and shoes. A lot. If I bought a pair of shoes, I usually picked up the matching purse. I still have a lot of those purses, and every few weeks, I like to switch it up. Also I will coordinate a purse to a specific outfit if I am in that sort of mood ... especially in the nicer weather, as I have a number of really brightly coloured purses (fuschia, my favourite colour!).
Near the end of the day, I was installing a plug on the end of one of the fixtures:
In his letter to Mr Brown, Purnell said he owed it to the Labour Party to “say what I believe no matter how hard that may be.”
Biscuits………. and honey
she and her dahlias
There were moments throughout the day, I couldn’t just sit there and relax… I should be doing something, right? Spend this fee time wisely! Throw in a yoga session, wash the windows, start Christmas shopping, write letters to relatives who don’t email, find someone so I am not alone. And then it passed. Quickly.
in the hot August sun on a dog leash
Get out
To button it up
And I think my entire brain exploded.
I am am more than happy to add any last minute entries. Also, watch this space for details of the September Blog Carnival of Mental Health.
Living in a perpetual state of being mad seems to be the place of many souls on this journey and it seems odd for me to encourage such a state.
The Bible. We’ll just talk about the Bible for a second. People often point out that they can’t help with the anti-gay bullying because it says right there in Leviticus, it says right there in Timothy, it says right there in Romans that being gay is wrong.
Why cards?
Rating: TV 14
Recorded at Manhattan Towers, New York, on July 3, 1957, except track 7 recorded on May 8, 1957
I used pic frame app, phonto app and photovado app to put this together.
Continuing my drive up to Wales, I noticed that I had to continually listen for and obey the new instructions the sat-nav issued so as to get to my destination. While it was necessary for me to keep on obeying the sat-nav’s last instruction in the absence of a newer one, I was nonetheless required to obey any new ones as soon as they were received. If I only listened for and obeyed the sat-nav’s previous instruction and obeyed it verbatim and fully, but fail to obey the current and newer instructions that it issues, arriving at my destination will be impossible. This point is quite crucial and important as many of us fail to arrive at God’s destination for our lives as we are living life based on what He ‘said’ and not what He is ‘saying’ now.
The other day, I received a booklet that had a list of 15 celebrates (actors, news reporters, politicians, etc.) and each had selected six books that they'd read that they considered the best books ever written. That made 110 ---some listed 7 books. Oh boy, I thought, let me see how many of these I have read. I check them off. There were 43 that I had read. I won't list them all, but on the list were Winston Churchill's War Memories, Homer's Illiad and Odyssey, Chaucer's Canterbury Tales, War and Peace, For Whom the Bell Tolls, Moby Dick, House of Seven Gables, The Poems of Elizabeth Barret Browning, The Poems of Emily Dickenson, The Poems of Robert Frost, The Plays of William Shakespeare, The Grapes of Wrath, Gone with the Wind, Quo Vadis, The Short Stories of Edgar Allen Poe-------you get the idea.
1. For day make up, keep it as natural as possible. No shimmery powders or bold eyeshadows.
Lately I have been doing a lot of soul searching and praying about my future and career choices. I know I am not doing what I am meant to do, but at the same time I can't really afford to just quit my job and "follow my dreams." I would love to go to school for fashion merchandising and make a career out of something I enjoy so much, but getting the education to do so would cost me about $80,000 at The Art Institute which I of course don't have. I would feel terrible putting us into so much debt if I were to get student loans and pursue this dream.
We also examined the Meaning for justification: It is the act of God, Who, by grace, declares sinners who have believed on Jesus Christ to be righteous.
TBL provides the following as examples: someone 'finding their way through the medical websites to find out about cancer or what a lump could be, or an adolescent finding their way through a website about homosexuality when they are wondering what they are and talk to people about it'. Accordingly, for TBL, 'sometimes the internet gets this view of somebody’s life which is incredibly intimate and therefore its abuse is potentially incredibly powerful'. One this basis, the idea that governments 'should routinely record information about people is obviously very dangerous' because such information can be stolen or acquired by corrupt officials which could be used to blackmail others. In TBL's opinion 'if the government feels that it is really necessary to acquire any information about individuals then ... there should be a very strong independent body which has complete oversight and can check for each situation where the government has decided to spy on people'.
Yes that man’s tap water did just catch fire. This and many other problems caused by obtaining natural gas by hydraulic fracturing (fracking) are highlighted in this documentary. It may cause problems but as long as it makes a profit who cares. You can watch this in full at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTYaNWskXtE
I shut down, and wait, for i chose silence…
Banished shall be the darkness of night.
The sauce had a little bitterness that I wasn't fond of, but otherwise had good flavor. The quails were a tad dry but the flavor was decent. They are really hard to eat. You have to work hard for very little meat. Not sure I'll make them again, but I'm glad I did the experiment.
do they stop
a flower sublime
As a result there were many widows and orphans.Many men at that time, either marry the widows or became guardians of these orphans and some subsequently marry their wards.There were also the captives that became slaves whom the men could also marry.What happened was, the men misappropriated the wealth of those widows and orphans and mistreated them, And thus the surah was revealed.
Dogs are an important part of many search and rescue teams. Their “super” scent detection, great hearing, and tracking abilities make them perfect for it. They can also get into areas humans cannot, which is great for getting supplies to people who need it.
All, or the vast majority, in the pub: 13 (20%)
You see... this weekend I learned that my next (or very shortly thereafter) post will be done with the full consent and cooperation of the band I'll be blogging. Not to give any spoilers, but the record I will be blogging has never seen any sort of widescale (or even mediumscale) release, and I'd never heard it - despite seeking it for 20 years - until this weekend when I finally landed my mitts on a copy. This band in question has experienced the trials and tribulations of being on a major label, as well as doing quite well as an independent-label band. They've, suffice it to say, been around the block.
As a ‘homage’ to BritArt and inspired by @infobunny and her recent paintings, I decided to amuse myself last night and late this afternoon. The works reveal absolutely no subtlety of colour, tone, design or, indeed, talent. This is as it should be in ‘The FuckArt’ School’ which I founded late last night after dipping into a second bottle of the Bourbon King’s finest Rioja. Typical of the Fuckart school is the use of spray paint used for repairing scratches on motorcars. Charonaletto is the leading proponent of the ‘let’s get completely pissed and paint’ technique and he told the director of a Gallery in Chelsea (who has expressed interest in these two seminal works) “Vandals and Goths brought Rome down. I’d like to have a crack at a bit of that as well and spray cans of paint as a base seemed an appropriate metaphor.”
How do I know this to be true?
"Meet the Feebles" is a funny spoof on the classic "The Muppet Show" and the face the entertainment industry likes to present via movies about itself, but it is simply too ugly a movie to be enjoyed by anyone.
unceremoniously in
Ray Lankford (Cardinals) vs. Jose Lima (Astros)
Additional Vegan Sides: Fresh Fruit $3.49
Last week I took my pantry makeover one step further and designed some fun and vintage-inspired labels that make me smile every time I look at them! I believe that organizing should be equal parts pretty and practical, and I think this fits the bill! I loved the white baskets for loose kitchen items so much, that I even bought some for the fridge and am head over heels in love with them. Can't beat their $2 price tag either!
If it turns out to be another c-section, I still don't expect to feel
Second place in Amateur Vanilla: Blake Howard
After the Temple, I make my way through the throng toward the most-touted of the city's parks: (whose name I forget!). Even more than People's Park, Guangzhou has come out to enjoy their Saturday. They are gathered around the famous Five-Goats statue. The story is that millenia ago, five celestial goats came from heaven and showed the people how to cultivate rice. The Five Goats are still revered, though ordinary goats are still dinner.
Even in Morgoth’s nethermost hell, Húrin sees something like the clear “shaft of light” that Master Samwise would see in Mordor several thousand years later: there was light and high beauty forever beyond the Shadow’s reach.
I miss her terribly.
b) If you had a weakness for one of the seven deadly sins, which one would it be and why? (pride,
to feel well-disposed
1 apparently
Because you know where else there's bad writing? In memoir. In sci-fi. In crime, both true and fiction. In New York Times-bestsellers. If I have to read about yet another repressed housewife whiiiiining about her husband's affair, I may blow up a suburb my friends don't inhabit. And yet none of these genres get the hate that romance does.
Non-factual reference: The night mare part of the speech is fictional. It was written to convey my feelings about my mom sometimes. I thought it would be more respectful to speak of my mom as a tigress than anything else. Also, I have gotten 10 medals, not 10 trophies on all those things described.
That does not mean, of course, that Palawano and Latin are related. It does show that everyone everywhere knows that food is necessary for life.
I took a lot of pictures on our vacation. I used Instagram, my phone's regular camera, and my "big girl" camera! So for today you all are going to get the Instagram photos and little snippets about the vacation relating to that. If I were to post my pictures from every medium this would be a very long post and I've already got a lot of pictures for today to post!
Somehow or another, I managed to repeat the process 4 more times. Woot! The effort it took to haul *myself* into the van after all the sand was loaded was monumental. My back hurt, my leg hurt, my knee hurt and my kids had started arguing, so my head hurt. I threatened them, "So help me, if you all don't stop your fighting I will take all the sand back into the store and not set up the pool." They all stopped the fighting, but my 12 year old looked at me like, "Right, Mom.... I am sure you are going to unload all this sand..." She wisely said nothing.
The home‘s modern, state of the art kitchen, large center island, granite counters, cherry cabinets, Sub Zero & Wolf Appliances all open to a huge 4 season sunroom with endless possibilities. Stunning hardwood floors through out this 4 bedroom stunner. The large deck invites you to enjoy a dip in the inground pool. There are plenty of options for a gorgeous master bedroom suite on the second floor! Additional square footage in the finished lower level.
Disguise not its traits, patent not its
Daniel and his friends chose the Word of God over the king’s food, even while being gracious toward authority. They were trained for three years in Babylonian beliefs and science and languages. They were examined and scored higher than anyone else.
Benny Greb drums
The song "Lips Like Sugar" is about a very attractive and seductive woman that is a tease. To date Sandee had certainly often played that role. Would she continue to do that? Would she up the ante? Or might I just get lucky?
So I just started screen printing again after a 10 year gap (I specialized in it at college).
"It is the waiting and the the ticking...sometimes it is all you hear."
I pour my favorite detergent on a rag and I inhale deeply and that´s how I get through the day.
Anyway, this anger may be misplaced, and you might be reading this thinking that I’m whining and that these people don’t mean any harm. Its true, I am whining. And I know my parents and doctor don’t mean to make me angry, but they did. Like I said, I don’t like people telling me what to do and making it seem like they think my dreams are hopeless and/or worthless.
Cook on low for 6 hours, high for 3-4 hours.
Christan: Thank you, Jami, for your willingness to talk to Repurposed readers. I'm grateful for your openness about such an incredibly painful part of your life. Tell us about your family.
the gory details:
こんにちは。とか、こんばんは。を、
Hence it is an institution with a considerable amount of English history behind it.
Like a moth to the flames
In many respects they were dark days. The job was awful. Sheer anathema to an obsessively creative type like me. I was spotty and painfully shy around girls. And not much better around blokes I didn’t know (which, let’s face it, was most of them). I lived with the ever-abiding fear that I would die a lonely old social outcast and would never ever have a girlfriend. My best mate at the time, Dave, was probably not much better off socially – though he wasn’t bad looking, could sing and seemed to have a natural flair for learning to play the guitar.
I am officially allergic to Lubbock, I have started taking allergy shots weekly to help me breathe cause I pretty much cant........and I was told today that my allergist doesnt think its working? What? Well Im still congested but I can breathe a bit better, but every time I get a shot my arm swells up like a balloon.....he said we will have to change something.........who knows when or what that will be, (did I mention that I now have to carry around an epi-pen......really im allergic to lubbock)
Amazon or brick and mortar?
What does Carlos Fuentes mean to me? Fearlessness, determination, and an enviable work ethic. I am saddened by his passing, but the clarity of his vision, the ferocity of his words, will continue to keep us honest, but only if we don’t succumb to the deceptive rhetoric of those who call themselves leaders and then lead us straight into the poverty of surrender.
I never dreamed, even then, that grandparenting would define my life quite like it has. Not a day goes by that I do not think about my five grandchildren, now ranging in age from nineteen to twenty-seven. Seldom does a week pass without me talking to or spending time with each one of them, even though they are scattered across the country, working and studying. Judy and I find—and make—time to be with them every chance we get. We are disappointed if we miss their calls; we cancel dinner plans with friends when our grand- children come into town; we delay planning vacations until we know if we will be missing out on a chance to spend time with them. Vacations can be rescheduled and friends can wait, but being with our grandchildren cannot. There is simply no such thing as being with them enough. We are creative, involved grandparents. You can be too—there is no greater privilege.
On June 15, 2011, The National (United Arab Emirates) reported on the escalation of U.S. drone attacks in Yemen. According to The National, an official with the Yemeni Ministry of Defence claims that the U.S. had launched over 15 drone strikes in the country in the first two weeks of June. The newspaper also quoted the deputy governor of Abyan province, Abdullah Luqman, condemning the attacks and stating: “These are the lives of innocent people being killed. At least 130 people have been killed in the last two weeks by U.S. drones”, Mr Luqman said.
We have tried so hard to be a family that is not over-extended/too busy, yet sometimes it just happens. Jacob wanted to play basketball, but I had to make a hard decision and say no. We just need this break. Jack's still in Tae Kwon Do and Emma's in ballet, and they're all in AWANA. That's enough for right now. Nothing that goes past 5:30, allows us to sit down and have dinner together as a family every night.
Alpha stars alongside a sleepy barn owl (named Insomnia), a yellow-billed kite with an impressive catching ability, a disobedient lanner falcon and a pale chanting goshawk that never fails to find a hidden meal in a flight show that leads the way in avian education.
I love her... But she really hates these indignities! Ha ha! Anyway... On to other news, I colored yet another oldie on my new Cintiq. You can see it below; just click on it for a much bigger view on my deviantART page:
Hey Everbudi.
I love books so much that once when I was little, maybe in second grade, my dad grounded me from reading instead of giving me a spanking because he knew taking away my books would make a bigger impression. And it did, because here I am a few decades later, still remembering what I felt like as I sat on the staircase while he took my book out of my hands. I don’t even remember what I did, but I remember how I felt. Needless to say, I have never taken books away from my kids.
I read, once, that the true measure of a garden is in the delight it gives you as you notice daily changes. The slow ticking turning of the year. Today I admired new shoots on the scarlet runner beans (maybe another crop is coming) and enjoyed my rustic wooden trellis, the red flowers all tied up with scraps of gingham red-and-white fabric. I delighted in snapdragons pushing out second shoots short but fat with flowers, seed pods rattling dry - break them open to gather next summer's colour. Zucchini for dinner, round ones the size of a tennis ball and two little long dark, dark green ones. Black beauty, they're called. Grilled. The sweetness of tomatoes from the bottom of the bucket.
Why the return? Dunno. Got to thinkin', I guess.
I could easily have approached my response in one of these ways, and if I looked hard enough I'm sure that I have written about each one of them in depth before. But these issues were not what struck me; what struck me most was this:
So I took it.
I stayed with Sara the first night and we have a pretty good night. She eats the last time at 6am. Then around 8:30 the nurse comes in, asks when she ate last, and then tells me not to feed her again. I ask - is something planned? Well she doesn't know, just don't feed her. I quickly find out that surgery had a 2pm scheduled surgery for shunt revision. We see our doctor at 2 who said we had been pushed back because of an emergency. He suspected the end of the shunt tubing had become clogged from protein deposits that occur naturally in your abdomen. He planned to removed them with a small incision and irrigation and motion. If that did not work, he would pull out all the tubing and put in new tubing from her neck to the abdomen. Thankfully, the first, least invasive procedure worked. The plan now is to watch her for a time (days?? weeks??) to make sure all is working.
So, what exactly are these extra ingredients? Well, there are as many as 6,000 chemicals and additives put into ready-made processed foods. These foods, if you wanna call ‘em that, are also made with the likes of trans fats, high fructose corn syrup, saccharin or monosodium glutamte (MSG) just to name a few.
Because, of course, you'll die of malnutrition. But you'll keep doing it, and doing it, like a rat with a way to self-administer cocaine. Giving up carbs is really hard to do. Even before I was sick, I'd get the shakes, and intense cravings. Then there are the visual cues, which are constant. As somebody in marketing and advertising, I know just how helpless we can be in the face of $5.99 single-topping pizza specials, particularly when you're exhausted after work, haven't eaten in six hours, and are faced with the prospect of an hour's cooking time before food ingestion.
You can see that with the airbrush it becomes much easier to color irregular shaped items, unusual surfaces (in the case of the metal star, if I had tried to color the red directly it would ahve probably been streaky and look uneven). When I buy embellishments, ribbon, or lace, I tend to always get clear or white/pale colors, since I can color them to match whatever I'm working on. If you have an airbrush you should try spraying something unusual- you might be surprized at your results (more on airbrushing tomorrow).
Let's go back in time 6 maybe 7 years. That is when I first dipped my toes into the waters known as social media. It started with a few blogs. (reading them, not writing them) Most notably the famed and ever fabulous Miss Snark.
Last night, I asked students to do a google search and find some ideas for silhouettes that they would like to do. We talked about what would make a good silhouette – animals, nature, etc., and we talked about how their choice in colors would change the mood of their picture. Students had to decide what colors they would use to dye their paper.
and the secrets will be no more.
Do I have to pay them to read my work?
Once you’ve roasted the onions, you add them to a lettuce medley, add a balsamic vinaigrette and you’re done.
The economic philosopher Frederic Bastiat called their mistake the “broken window fallacy.” If I break your window, it’s easy to see that I gave work to a glass-maker. But what we don’t see is this: You would have improved your circumstances with the money you paid the glass-maker. He merely restored your previous condition. That money could have created different jobs, perhaps more productive ones. They’re unseen.
The metaphor upon which this theme is suspended is one of a dress rehearsal (hence the title – Cohen’s songs usually take one of the repeating lines as their name), but that does not become apparent until the crescendo, and he shows you where to hit has been reached; the remainder of the song diminishes the melodrama of the previous verses, undermining the heightened emotions in the imagery of performance, nostalgia and addiction by dismissing it all as a “dress rehearsal rag”. This bathetic ending reinforces the sense of disgust and contempt apparent in Cohen’s tone, the implication being that the protagonist of the poem is not even up to this final “performance”.
With the recent trend movies turned into musicals, now musicals turned into movies, turned into movie musicals (try and follow here) are all the rage. Here we have an adaptation of the broadway musical of the same name. Tom Cruise stars as Stacee Jaxx, a superstar rocker of the late 1980s who belts out great 80′s rock hits like “Wanted Dead or Alive” and “Paradise City.” The rest of the cast include: Alec Baldwin, Julianne Hough, Russell Brand, Catherine Zeta Jones, Paul Giamatti and Bryan Cranston just to name a few. Even with the impressive ensemble, “Ages” looks to be a slew of 80s rock songs and a cast that looks confused and in the wrong era. Adam Shankman directs this film as he did the 2007 movie musical version of Hairspray, which was met with mixed reviews. Was Rock of Ages ever meant to be a film? I say probably not, but hey studios make up their mind whether you like it or not.
But the News of the World, unknown to anyone else, had secretly set up a hidden camera in the grotto where filming took place. They took their own photos and ran a single-page ’spoiler’ about “sickening footage” in the “vile and degrading hardcore porn film” in which Alex had been involved in a “disgusting rape”.
Being a child, waiting pointlessly wasn't something I could comprehend. My waitings at those times were very pointfull, usually consisting of waiting for a treat of some sort. But I must have really wanted to comprehend the meaning of this play because pretty soon, waiting pointlessly became a way of life for me. I waited pointlessly for my parents to be the parents I needed them to be. I waited pointlessly for my friends to stop being cruel and mean to me. I waited pointlessly for my relatives and other adults to stop behaving irresponsibly.
We start with Maria Menounos who, has somehow acclaimed notoriety and a house bigger than yours despite a terrible and paralyzing affliction… her laugh. Yeah, it’s bad. Google it. However, she makes up for it with some charisma, a killer ‘bod’ (which she gets because she’s ‘sporty’) and the Ace in the hole… Derek and his army of grandmothers who will vote for him no matter WHO he gets as a partner. She was good. She’ll get better, and she’s easy to throw around and dance around.
and yesterday, sabin rode milton for the first time
Their marriage only last two years for Tracy and my dad but she has remained my step mom forever.The divorce between them was messy and I was not allowed to speak to Tracy or her daughter for about two years. My dad and I were homeless and living in a hotel before he finally allowed me to move back in with Tracy and Jillian, I was 15. The day I moved in I made the decision I would not leave there again. And, my mom, dad and Tracy came to an agreement that I would be allowed to stay in Tracy’s home, which I did until I was 19.
You must keep in mind that I earn my living (or a salary that one day will be enough to consider a living) through reading programs and creative writing workshops so I must read a lot. These books I read in May and June.
After our meeting, I left with a feeling of love and gratitude. I listened to the recording of the read a few times at home and emailed it to my mom. She, too, is a skeptic - but after listening to my reading, I know her mind is open now.
Kusama’s exhibit is the largest retrospective collection of her work to date and yet it is still only composed of a small window into her fanatical world. She is a well-received contemporary artist in Japan to this day- having made her name in New York in the 60′s after a twenty year period of slowly building one in Tokyo, she moved back to her homeland following the death of Joseph Cornell who she was very close with. The hall outside of the exhibition has a screen consistently re-screening a 7 minute snippet of a documentary on her modern life. Voluntarily committed to a psychiatric institution: she leaves this abode every day to cross the road and begin work on some more paintings in the studio building opposite. The documentarian believes that while Kusama has definitely had a troubled life she has found the most sane way of coping with it.
Cash - Wealth
Hello all! How are you this pretty spring morning? It's lovely here, I hope the sun is shining and the birds are singing where you live.
- Hat and all with the feather in the brim.
1 hit
Deepak Chopra
Oh, wait. So Tvlakv actually takes the slaves to the Shattered Plains, where Kaladin initially wanted to go. Hurrah.
Be proud of each other and proud of yourselves babies.
We have read all the books, yet presently have just 2 with us. The favorite these days is
I’m not entirely convinced by that line of argument, and neither do I think Mancini is that manager either.
Surely we should encourage more swearing and more creative descriptive use of the language?
Santorum: nominating a flip-flopping
My Daughter Jade goes to a performing arts class on Saturdays run by a lovely lady called Laura ....it was her birthday yesterday so I made this card for her...!!!
To make your appointment call Vito Mazza, Salon & Spa at 732-636-0119 – they are located at 114 Main Street in Woodbridge, NJ. Please let them know you heard about sugaring from the jersey it girl.
Marley lit up the joint.
Like the weather, golf is heating up. And today, we’re discussing some of the hottest golf stories on the internet! What’s your favorite golf related story from the past week?
It's partly because I'm lazy and don't feel like cooking. I really should go to Picard (everyone loves Picard; I still haven’t been) or, better yet, stop by the poissonerie on rue Montorgueil and make some fresh fish for dinner. But it’s also partly indulgent. I feel like I can eat as much bread, cheese and fruit as I want since it’s not a big gnuddi dinner at Centro Vinoteca or something. I can fix a handful of bread and cheese canapés and then go back for seconds. And I just can’t get over how delicious the cantaloupe is here. It’s so sweet, it almost tastes like perfume. Potent. Gorgeous.
Enter Fifty Shades of Grey. Written by E.L. James, this book is everywhere at the moment. EVERYWHERE. If you haven't seen it advertised, you've perhaps been hiding under that 1000-thread-count sheet too long. Tantilized by the marketing I bought a copy on the weekend. I read 252 pages in one evening. The prose was so dense though, that at 2AM I had to put it down and go find a Nurofen.
My main criticism would be that people who are unfamiliar with the DC universe might find the story confusing at times, though I doubt that many people who even visit comic book stores will not know who Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman are. My other criticism, and the source of my frustration, would be that the writer seems to mention and then promptly skim over several really interesting stories that are probably deserving of their own books. Overall Earth 2 is worth a read though #1 did seem to be an exercise in just going through the motions in order to get to the bigger story.
39There stern religion quench'd th' unwilling flame,
Well. Lets talk about that. When you were carrying around that extra 40 pounds you had extra muscle to deal with trucking it around. You changed your diet on the short term and messed with your metabolism, ripping up some muscle and bone on the way; but did nothing for your sedentary lifestyle. As you lost the weight your body had less to carry, only encouraging it to shed more lean tissue…. and then as the pounds came back on you had less metabolically active lean tissue and more fat.
I recently posted this:
Are you interested in HR, Marketing & Fundraising, or Retail?
My daughter's dad has a friend from high school whom I never liked much, and it was a mutual dislike. Recently, and for reasons unknown to me, Kaylee mentioned her and I said that I never really cared for her. Kaylee asked me why, and I looked at my nearly 14-year-old daughter and determined that honesty was called for in this conversation. I said, "Because she's had multiple abortions. Four that I know of. She felt like it was an acceptable method of birth control."
If you don't have Flickr, then just email them to me instead (mscurlypops (at) gmail (dot) com), and I'll upload your photos for you!
These photos are of June's Tappan Deluxe with a model number of TV-6219. Her stove is original to her 1950's house and she is only the 3rd owner of the Tappan! June sent the photos with a few questions.
Thanks to the lovely interweb, the set list from last night was posted somewhere almost immediately. Perhaps the thing to do is just amend that list with my observations? (Note: Every song not annotated should include the default statement "I was totally blissed out when they played THAT one.")
Creole Red Gravy:
nae mameul kkok damaseo
Until Next Time!
This is a boy's adventure I post, in honor of my soon-to-be-born grandson. Dylan Thomas's fantastically and mythically detailed descriptions should prompt us all to get our own memories of Christmas down, and giggle again and again. OK, on with the master.
But it’s the combination of all four categories that suggests another purpose to the junta’s crackdown this week, and I suspect I know what that purpose was.
So she can take care of the nest,
Sometimes it helps to get my inspiration going by seeing some of the different elements I might want to work with just thrown on a page, and I can come back and delete things I don't want to use later.
Stinky (cat)
I don't think it's the teething that's bothering him - he's been wearing some amber beads of Vicki's, and I'm hoping that the two things are related.
Best of all, I'm home with Carissa until 9th Jan. I'm delighted with this. She's not as impressed but meh, what can you do. Carissa likes her own company and likes to have the house to herself. She's also working alot now so I'm home alone a bit - delighted, again.
Q. Where are you based?
Here is the story behind it if you are interested:
2.Missing You
Finds a streetlight, steps out of the shade
The ADL attempted to portray Bullock as a free-lance investigator, but no one was convinced, because since 1954 Bullock had been paid through a cutout, an ADL lawyer in Beverly Hills. After his exposure, Bullock was put directly on the ADL's payroll. ADL's position on the ANC was identical to that of the South African government - they considered it to be a "terrorist", "communist" organization. At the time, Israel was furnishing arms to maintain the apartheid regime in power.
areas that Benue can focus
Thursday, September 25, 2008 @ 8pm
This weekend was hot again, so even though it is Fall, I got to wear another summer outfit. I love summer dresses, and this is one of my favorites. It is sweet and girlie and also very comfortable -- all my favs! I kept the comfort by pairing it with my gold peep toe flats.
Then we continued on to Wijk bij Duurstede, our main destination of the day. We just had to show them the world's only drive-through windmill, which we saw in April of 2010.
“I see us finishing our season in New Orleans and I don’t mean playing the New Orleans Saints,’’ Davis said. “I’m looking forward to getting a healthy team back together and everyone gelling. I think that we can make a strong push to the playoffs and possibly to the Super Bowl.”
It was around this time that I discovered the world of blogging in its fullness... I was completely sucked in by the inspiration, the community, and the craftiness! This stay-at-home momma suddenly wasn't completely alone, and in the quiet moments while Trace was on the road I found that some of these communities and relationships kept me from a complete fog. It was around this time that I began to dream for my blog, I think. I felt like God was crafting in me a story that He wanted me to tell. I began to share more about the goings on in our home and my heart, and while I gained some readers, the healing I gained simply in the telling was miraculous.
That system certainly favours people who's savings or family money can keep them running. But people who have to work to keep themselves afloat can only do that so long. That can't be a good thing if we want a job in advertising to be purely on merit. And if we want to make it attainable for as broad a range of people as possible.
Remember they are frauds.
“URBAN SHOTS – BRIGHT LIGHTS” is a compilation of 28 short-stories. Twenty-two talented writers have come together to lift your mood, to tickle your funny bones and to rekindle some kind of bitter sweet memories. Paritosh Uttam is the editor of this anthology that gives you a glimpse of a wide array of talents the Indian Literary Scene has come to possess. Sample this in editor’s own words in the preamble of this book, “The resounding success of Urban Shots only reinforced our belief that the readers are out there: we just need to reach them with well-told, heartfelt stories of people and places they are familiar with.”
its this one secret 2 getn evrthn yu
What always attracted me to Southern Living were the decorating stories – but with the small pictures and their typical one or two page stories, they usually left me wishing for more. This month – the decorating section showcases much longer stories along with the new larger pictures. My favorite decorating story this month was five pages long!
Looking at the little pictures here, remembering the great works that I had so recently wondered at -- it all made me think I hadn't been paying enough attention while we were in the museum. After all, it was the chance of a lifetime, and I had been so casual, strolling around dully as though I could just hop over to Vienna anytime I wanted and see the paintings again.
Do ya'll have any fun weekend plans? Tonight we are going to dinner with my family, and then we are ALL going to see The Hunger Games! I'm excited to see it again...plus it will be the first time for my Dad & Hubby. I hope ya'll have a great weekend, and I'll see you back here on Monday!
He also allowed himself to be challenged and to change, a point which Steer brings out very well. In early years, his self-discipline was perhaps in danger of leading him to an individualistic private pietism. He was challenged to learn to really listen and ultimately developed the notion of “double listening” as a model of faithful biblical preaching. His vision for setting up organisations and evangelical bodies (e.g. , EFAC, CEEC, Langham Partnership), and critical and costly intervention in the 60’s tension between Anglican Evangelicals and the Westminster Fellowship under Martyn Lloyd Jones, has implications even for today.
Goede Doel Vriendschap x NL
Dear Momma J-
84. In the last years of the Seventeenth Century there was to be found among the fops and fools of the London coffee-houses one rangy, gangling flitch called Ebenezer Cooke, more ambitious than talented, and yet more talented than prudent, who, like his friends-in-folly, all of whom were supposed to be educating at Oxford or Cambridge, had found the sound of Mother English more fun to game with than her sense to labor over, and so rather than applying himself to the pains of scholarship, had learned the knack of versifying, and ground out quires of couplets after the fashion of the day, afroth with Joves and Jupiters, aclang with jarring rhymes, and string-taut with similes stretched to the snapping-point. —John Barth, The Sot-Weed Factor (1960)
It is a dangerous world out there and then add the anonymous and ubiquitous nature of the internet to that. I hope to be able to teach my child about the dangers of the internet so that they can view each and every interaction with suspicion and not invest much in them. It's sad that we have to do that, but we must in order keep ourselves safe or to avoid getting scammed.
The performances in Small Pond aren't bad, though some of them are a little bit broad. It seems like there's an intent to render some of the characters in the film as types rather than as real people. Lynn (Susan Burke), for instance, is never anything other than the "uptight roommate," while other characters are slightly broad renditions of the kinds of people you meet in a college town. They're filtered through the slightly condescending point of view of a central character, and her attitude also tends to color how they're presented. Hari Leigh as Kirsten is charged with holding the screen for the entire movie, and she's mostly up to it. Alone of all the characters in the movie, she is provided with a character arc. She's a different person at the end of the movie, which is all for the good, given that, as I mentioned, who she is at the beginning is kind of annoying.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!!" I plead. I mutter, "Stupid, stupid..." under my breath as I wonder what I could have been thinking.
And beautiful.
You love to sing and know the song your loved one likes the most?
We had had a long day....
All of Christmas is taken down and packed away in the Kitchen now. I have to finish taking Christmas down in the Den then the entire downstairs will be done and I will start decorating for Valentine's Day.
Martin Cruz Smith, Three Stations – one of the series with the Russian detective
Aug. 28 – Sept. 24, 2011
Of course, the concept itself is awesome, but one of the many things I really like about these, is the way they demonstrate that aesthetic beauty can be found beyond the scope of what is commonly accepted as such. Science is undoubtedly one of the many ways an observer can achieve a different appreciation of the world around us.
Was having a moral value with inconvenient consequences worth the trouble? It seemed like the right time to ask if it was really a moral value at all. Or if it was just something that made her feel good. It did make her feel good about herself to stick to her principles. That seemed to be the main purpose of having them: to have integrity and self-respect in one’s eyes.
I read reviews for restaurants and my mouth starts to drool.
Secondly, the Psalmist reminds himself (and us) that the joy God gives is for today. He doesn’t say ‘You will’ or ‘You did in the past’. He states plainly, You ‘have’. Present tense. For today, not tomorrow or some point in the future.
As a blogger, I have had some wonderful experiences. I get to share what I love with so many incredible people each week, and every day that I write on this blog is so fulfilling. On a gorgeous day in June I got to celebrate how wonderful it is to be a blogger with a group of bloggers from the Bay Area. We met at the Thomas Fogarty Winery in Woodside, CA for an afternoon retreat and photo shoot for Nesting Newbies Magazine. The day was one I will never forget, and it is featured in the new issue of Nesting Newbies!
We are seeking a Membership Coordinator to help us grow our organizational membership from 1700 in 2012 to 5,000 members by 2015. The position requires a self-starter who has database management, some accounting background, and customer service experience. The Membership Coordinator is responsible for administering NOFA-NY’s membership program, augmenting development efforts, and otherwise supporting NOFA-NY operations. The person must be passionate about organic farming and gardening and able to excite people about NOFA-NY and encourage them to join the organization. This position is full-time (40 hrs/week) and includes our full benefits package ($5,000 value). The position must be based at the NOFA-NY office in Rochester, NY.
Always apply lipstick or lip gloss all over the pencil. Lip pencil showing around the edges is aging, not attractive, and draws the wrong kind of attention to the lips. Select a shade that blends with your lips and/or lipstick.
“I think the unfortunate thing is that this will take attention and resources away from focusing on other things like growth,” Kerzner said. “If we did begin to grow faster, it could spur the industry to hire more people and deploy more capital that could be put back into the economy. So I’m not certain how that’s going to play out—except for its being a drain on focus and resource.”
Debs and the DT xx
**Squoval- (2nd red nail) The squoval nail is essentially a conservative square with the length of a square nail but the softer edges of an oval. Squoval nails add versatility, enabling short, wide nail beds to carry the length without appearing oversized.
Here is the good news - I feel better already. Better enough to walk up to the 3rd floor of our apartment to my office this morning and sit upright and type for a few hours. I'm not ready for a Zoomba class, shit I'm not even allowed to drive a car yet, but there are no more cramps, no more bleeding, no more worries about OD-ing on Tylenol.
Separated sometimes, never
I have been told that perhaps my inability to cross the road ‘normally’ is because I am from the countryside. There is perhaps some truth in this potential diagnosis, however I resent those comments! In my opinion the wider public are taking unnecessary risks! The green man is an expert in the field of road crossing! Let’s face it, it’s the only job he has ever had and will ever have! It’s a thankless job with no employee benefits, no Christmas bonus and NO pension (despite working in the public sector!). Quite frankly, it’s an insult to his years of voluntary service to cross at your leisure.
*Share six non-important things/habits/quirks about yourself.
For the record, I have always had a fascination with the paranormal, but my interests have been rooted in its more mundane aspects: horror movies, scary novels, and the occasional worthwhile TV documentary. My wife Jane, on the other hand, has always been a more willing participant in the pursuit of such topics and, as a result of her forays into the world of "ghost hunting", boasts a collection of self-taken spirit photographs to complement her library archives of EVP (Electronic Voice Phenomenon) audio recordings. The phenomena of ghost photography--a pursuit that's been around since the invention of the camera itself- -is something that, to my practical and reasoning mind, can often be dismissed as nothing more than double-exposure, the reflection of light, or water spots on a camera lens. What really captured my imagination, however, were the audio recordings. Some of the anomalies that I have heard on these tapes could easily be written off using more earthbound than otherworldly explanations, yet there are some that even a rational mind must admit are beyond the scope of common experience and understanding. In any case, beyond having heard or read about such occurrences, I had never had a personal experience with the paranormal. Not until the weekend that we spent at my wife's grandparents' home, in July of 1997.
I really enjoyed this book and highly recommend this to anyone looking for an exciting book to read. I also greatly look forward to the next two installments in the series, Tiger’s Quest and Tiger’s Voyage, both due out later this year.
I have been oogling cards around the web that have used oms & colored pencils on kraft paper. I LOVE the look of that technique! Now, an artist I'm not, so don't get your hopes up! But this is my first attempt at coloring on kraft paper using oms & colored pencils...
Zoo manager Mark Challis said the latest birth is “a wonderful achievement for the whole Belfast Zoo team and for the Malayan tapir breeding programme”.
5. Bruce Springsteen often shows up in LA!
And finally - the figures don't work. The amount of PLR you can earn is capped at £6,600, and this year (2010-11), 263 authors earned the maximum. Now, if you're earning £6,600 in PLR you are earning a lot from your books - your tax bill is going to be a LOT more than £6,600. Actually, it would be interesting to compare tax bills and PLR income: ignoring payments on account, my PLR this year is around an eighth of my tax liability - so it wouldn't be a lot of help. Most PLR payments (nearly 15,000 out of a total of 23,000) are for under £50, so that's not going to go far in anyone's tax bill. I assume, though, that these trifling payments aren't going to professional authors but to people who've written the odd one or two books, probably some time ago, and maybe on obscure topics.
3. Line your cookie sheets with parchment paper and preheat the oven to 350F/170C. Using approximately 2 tablespoons of batter, make attractive heaps 2 inches apart on the lined cookie sheets. Dust dough with cinnamon. Bake for about 5 minutes, just until the coconut tips begin to color, rotating the pans from top to bottom and from front to back halfway through the baking time to ensure even baking.
"RAMALLAH, West Bank, Aug. 28 (UPI) -- The Palestinian Authority refuses to recognize Israel as a Jewish state, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian officials in Ramallah.
Join in or read and vote!
9. What’s your favorite vice?
Catniss Everdeen isn't your average heroine! At sixteen, she faces a test that places her life, her loved ones, her city, and even her soul in peril. Despite the burdens, she remains strong, clever, brave, and honorable. I felt like Catniss was a real girl. She wasn't too perfect, and she wasn't too flawed. She wasn't too cynical, and she wasn't overly sentimental. It wil never be said of Catniss that she was dependent on anyone, but she never exhibited the "stupid independence" that many heroines do when they ignore sage advice and genuine offers of assistance. This character shirked every worn-out plot device and stereotype of the literary heroine, emerging as something intriguing, respectable, and unique. Writers of adult fiction could learn a lot from this book about developing believable female protagonists
History & Science:
Now this weeks Challenge we want too see some
Now, I’m not being critical. Someone is obliged by strict league rules to manage expectations of the fairer gender and head off at the pass potential insurgencies that could lead to global, domino-effect demands for “grand gestures.” You know, like train station flash mobs that effectively set the stage for a heartfelt outpouring of true love. I get it. Really.
Mom: I don’t even understand what S/M is. What is S/M?
Why is this all top of mind? I have a close family member with Parkinson’s disease. It’s a constant struggle to get him to focus on all of the positive things in his life. Every phone call turns into complaints about how he doesn’t feel well. I have sympathy. But he’s in his 70′s and has had a wonderful life. He still has the ability to walk and he doesn’t shake too badly. He was diagnosed in his mid 60′s. I keep thinking what Michael J. Fox wouldn’t have done for 30 extra year’s of normalcy. And somehow Michael J. Fox gets his chin up and accomplishes things. So did Christopher Reeves. And Bethany Hamilton (the teenage surfer who lost her arm in a shark attack) - how many people would have her positive attitude and keep surfing? How many would lead a life of “poor me?”
The next day we arrived in Portland. Portland is simply beerlovers’ heaven. I can’t stress that enough. It is known as Beervana, or Beertown, and according to Oregon Beer it has no less than 34 breweries in the city alone – more than any other city in the world - and lots more in the metro area. It’s the microbrewery capital of the world, as well as being a really friendly, green city with an incredible public transport system which for the most part is free. My kind of place! Why haven’t more people caught onto coming to Portland?
the part of the hangle that swings is missing.
your busy schedule to read a good book and discuss it with your fellow mommies! The LakeNormanMommies Book Club is a great way to tickle your brain cells and meet new moms! This month, we are reading and discussing Fracture by Megan Miranda.
Night Stalker
So we're home now. And he's back to not telling me if he's not feeling well.
We eventually made it over to the dam, and on our way I actually took a picture of how many people were gathered there because I was shocked there were so many. When we arrived to that side of the river we actually stood for about five minutes before we realized what everyone was looking at.
28.Brendan Kelly-Like a Record Player
Happy feet1 - We have a new addition in our family, I'm aunt again, my sis delivered a baby Boy two weeks ago, a new welcoming change has been best so far! He is darling sleeping day in and out. can't wait to see him! Not sure when I will go but my thoughts are completely there!
If you are a follower of my blog, then you know that once a month I do a Fun Christmas Blog Hop showing 2 Christmas cards (yesterday's post, check it out), so this month I will be completing 3 Christmas cards to add to my collection thanks to the SSD challenge this week. Man I am just knocking so many cards off my Christmas card list for this year! Whoo Hoo, Yeah Me! So far in total, counting this post I have 7 cards completed for Christmas, how many do you have made so far?
quote: "a boo is louder than a cheer" - lance armstrong
There are many factors which affect the health of the body. Nutrition, as we just discussed is one major component. Another very important part of health is nerve function. Your nervous system (the spine and all of the nerves) is what keeps you alive. The communication between the brain and vital organs and tissues is what tells your heart to beat, your lungs to expand and your kidneys to filter. If there is an interruption in the flow of this information it disrupts the delicate balance of the body systems. Getting chiropractic adjustments will keep this flow of information unobstructed.
Not long after that the contractions changed – they seemed to develop a downward force and I was feeling a lot of pressure in my bottom. I voiced this and shortly after Lisa appeared having changed into scrubs and I saw her lay out 3 crocheted baby hats. “Welcome to the second stage, Rebecca.”
The child wants a Milky Way. He has it in his hand, and will not put it down. Mum does not want him to have it, perhaps because he should not pick it off the display, but is happy to buy him another. She has one in her hand, and no, she will not put hers down either. The child is shouting inarticulately, and crying, and stamping his feet. The silent father looks at his son with an expression of utter perplexity. And I think, oh, that child has such wonderful spontaneous energy! How I wish I could let rip like that!
Potato Canederlo (dumpling) filled with home-made Malga cheese and served on a bed of beetroot
Another day was spent ‘relaxing’ (code for ‘all the girls want to have a sleep in’) and shopping (‘the girls want to find chocolate to take home for their friends’). We were successful on both counts – I think the Frajs’ took home around 8kg of the Swiss stuff at the risk of blowing out their luggage limit as well as their waist bands.
I know there’s always a way.
Method-
line dried purity
Being skeptical sorts here at NAC, we've looked past the performance of the attending mayors and focused instead on the current state of temporary/temporary 1Si "leadership" in the absence of permanent/temporary top-salary-garnering:
Well, where do we start; our history? We’ve been around since 1983 selling and servicing small to medium sized businesses in northern Illinois and southern Wisconsin.
Hearing her cries for help, neighbours called Shakti Vahini to help save her because they could not reach her. Carried down from the third-floor apartment, Shanti was taken to a shelter run by Shakti Vahini.
It's in our history to be grubby and selfish when it comes to fine crafts and skills, but it doesn't have to be this way.
Engineered by: David Rowe & Mikey Riley
There is neither Jew nor Gentile, neither slave nor free, nor is there male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus.
then we pinned a dam around it. as you can see I stuck with my favourite colours, blues, greens aqua and almond.
and he brought a down-to-earth conviction to any role he played;
Overall it was a big success, if you don’t count the time when Marko asked Nicky to give him back his non-deflated ball that he did not want to have in the decorations, and Nicky said no, and Marko forcibly removed it, and Nicky hit him, and then Marko’s friends started shouting “fight! fight!”, and it continued downhill from there for a bit. Other than that, it was all good.
Here is an article describing what's coming from the Mail Online:
I am so excited to have been given the opportunity to be a Guest Designer here at Anything Goes, it is a wonderful challenge blog!!
Unfortunately, politicians benefit more from having two polarized, angry movements than they do from having two less polarized, less angry movements.
Today was the first day I have braved riding with them on my own without Mark. Usually when we go, Mark and I ride with the kids sandwhiched between us. I have to say they did a marvelous job! They stayed to the left and rode in single file behind me and listened to everything I said. I'm so proud of them!
The valiant Roland weeps for him and laments,
Fixed the gaping holes with small pieces of drywall. Wow, that was not fun to do alone. I still really can't even talk about it....that's how traumatizing it was. ;-) Insulated and insulated and insulated.
This post is not about good Muslims. It is concerned with the fact that Western freedoms and the sanctity of the individual, which are principles which derive from (a)Judaism, (b)Christianity, and (c)Platonist ideals as digested and formed by Christian belief.
“Anything!”
“Sure thing” she replied before checking her computer. “Let's see. Ah, at this time he's supposed to be in his office. You can find it on the second floor, I think Geoff knows the way anyway, don't you Geoff?”. It took another quick pat on the back by Trent to bring Geoff back into the world.
On June 20th, Tim and I signed a contract on our new home. We got word that our financing was approved and that we will be closing on July 29th. We are so very excited about our new adventure in our new home!
Paella, spaghetti bolognese, chicken with sun dried tomato, rosemary and bacon,
“I first had craft beer in a can six or seven years ago while visiting my sister in Colorado,” he explains. “Not surprisingly, it was Oskar Blues Dale's Pale Ale. I remember thinking, ‘Pale Ale in a can?’ Then I bought some just to see what it was all about. I was amazed at its freshness and depth of flavor, so from that point I was hooked.”
The reader can see, feel and smell the sacred places, the homes, and the pilgrim pathways. We hear waves smash on the coastline of Vancouver Island, taste the dust of a prairie graveyard, and ache for the solitude of a Yukon peak. Sibley writes dialogue naturally and captures the characters of the people he meets.
“No. That guy just frightened me,” I said, as calmly as possible.
Pulled from Uncle Mo’s “Told Ya So” Series here at CultFit HQ…(This is assuming you did the program on Wednesday)
Think back in your life. How many times have you come within a breath of leaving this earthly life? Why are you still here? There is but one answer. God still has a plan for you. If you are a believer He has a work for you to do as an ambassador of Christ. On the other hand if you are as yet an unbeliever God is giving you more time, more grace, another opportunity to accept the Lord Jesus Christ as your personal Saviour.
The bipartisan panel was formed following the July 9, 2011 rally for free and fair elections that saw tens of thousands flood into the streets of the capital.
The Twilight Zone had a standard format. Each episode began with a prologue, usually with the host, Rod Serling doing the voice over introducing the characters and setting. At the end of the show, Serling would offer up a final narration of what the viewer just witnessed.
So, yesterday I went down to the old studio, a huge building holding the remnants of the 36 years my husband has lived here (I've only been here 4) but a building no longer used for much. There are boxes of nails that have rusted with years under a leaky roof, bits of wood and metal, a couple rooms full of excess art, and then lo and behold!....a find....right under my nose.
Jazzhuset
Faced with the crisis, I admit I feel the urge to drink G&T’s and play bad, on-line, video games. I don’t know if I need a shot of good news, or simply time to get past it, or maybe hope to be overcome with a new idea that is so insistent and wonderful(at the time) that it drives all this debate from my head. (I’m not holding my breath on the last one as I’ve come to find I don’t look all that good in purple).
From time to time we need a deeper sense of how awesome it is to be alive. Yeah, that sounds corny but it’s true. Take a moment to watch this video today and if you take nothing more than witnessing the pure joy in these athletes actions and how effortlessly they go about having fun? Time well spent in our book.
Since angels are spirits rather than physical beings, they don’t have to be visible at all (Colossians 1:16). Elisha once prayed that his servant would see the armies of angels surrounding the city, and the young man discovered that he had overlooked a lot of invisible beings (2 Kings 6:17)!
Televising NFL games is a lucrative business. One of the policies of this business is for blackouts — the NFL imposes this very strict policy to ensure that stadiums are filled and sold out, to maximize telecast ratings, and to help leverage content on the networks. The league has imposed this policy since 1973. But if one organization representing fans of all sports has its way, that policy could be changed, or banned completely.
What about other books where chance plays a big part? Do you know any?
Some people have a difficult time letting go and some even go back after leaving the institutional church. Whether you leave altogether or continue to attend Sunday meetings, your main priorities are loving God with your heart, soul, mind, and strength…and loving your neighbor as yourself. There may be times when you sincerely miss the contact with brothers and sisters in Christ from your previous church connection; so why not drop in from time to time, join them in praising God corporately, and linger over the fellowship time. However, you may find it more painful or frustrating to re-engage people in that particular context and, if so, perhaps you can still maintain those relationships in more neutral surroundings. Invite them over for dessert or a meal. Let them know you treasure their friendship and that you have no intentions of giving that up, just because you no longer attend their Sunday meetings. Some may not understand, no matter how hard you try to explain the way you feel.
My co-workers pointed out that I am not at my best at 0500 in morning traffic. So I went back online and filled out my personality profile. It told me I was 12% done and it wanted me to list my "passions..." So I listed how I'm "passionate about how I tend to hate other drivers. It told me to list some facts about what I wanted my potential matches to know about me. (Obviously, they didn't read my personality profile!!)
Police said six people, aged 14 to 18, robbed passengers on a train between Central and Rockdale about 12.30am yesterday.
This tub photo was taken during our June tour of the house.
what was lost will be found. So I put on my black-white
Their books contain poetry, thought, essays, interviews, recipes, art, stories, histories, futures, all beautifully written. I was honoured to be asked to paint the skin of this endeavour. It's an important and resonant thing, and I urge you to buy a copy for yourself. It also coincides with and celebrates the 200th anniversary of the Luddite rebellion. Throughout the book, there's a focus on an honest acceptance of death, and a hopeful forward-looking, there's earthiness and lyricism. And who could not cheer on a project that promises to write with dirt under its fingernails?
families want, what they deserve, is that we listen to them and act in
all dressed up and at church.
You should have hand-written a card to me. You have never written to thank me when you have stayed.
I bought my first car with my own money at 16.
I'm going to move this over the Irish Channel. And look at Guinness, applying the same logic that condemns Greene King IPA. Does Guinness match up to its 19th-century ancestors? How strong was Guinness Extra Stout in, say 1870? Or 1880? Or 1914?
Moira’s light touch on my arm bade me remain in place as she stepped forward at Finn’s offering of milk and spilled the creamy substance from a cup I was unaware she held. The offering spent and cup empty, she stepped back to my side, still holding the cup reverently in both hands. The cup, a short stemmed goblet, was not ornately decorated. Tracings of Celtic patterns at the rim and base were the sole decorations on the sterling silver vessel.
By default, the “short date” display format for Windows (and thus Excel) is “M/d/yyyy.” For example, June 1, 2011 would be displayed as 6/1/2011. For varying reasons, you may want to zero-fill your dates and have June 1, 2011 read as 06/01/2011. Doing this actually involves a Windows setting, not an Excel setting. So, be prepared to have your dates displayed accordingly across the whole operating system and many other programs.
Watchman Nee’s “Normal Christian Life” is a longer version of it (based on Romans).
A post from Becky’s husband:
To everyone on Team LOST: the creators, the writers,and producers, directors, editing-post team, crew and cast. Thank you for this amazing story and adventure. My entire LOST journey and experience goes way beyond the simple enjoyment of a TV show and its music and you all already know that. You extended yourselves beyond the words on a page, the images on the screen and music notes on a staff. You have changed my life, renewed my hope and showed me I’m not too old to believe in a “magic box”.
I am back in Arizona for a few days helping out my Memere. She hasn't been feeling super hot and misses family, so she has decided to move back to NH where she will be closer to family.
Last month, the Mission Council, met for a day-long retreat at Point Pleasant Presbyterian Church. After some thoughtful and bold conversation about the blessings and challenges of the presbytery, the Council agreed that we, as a presbytery, need to focus on Building Trust and Building Community over the next year or more.
Sorry, I need to eliminate the possibility that he accidentally sees some key words that will give it away -- I don't know why exactly, but I've decided to go with near-mystery on how I will look the day we get married. Except for my shoes and that I'm wearing a big-ass flower in my hair because...well, of course!! on the latter; not wearing a flower would just be silly!!!
1. Organic Fuji apples, .77/lb. at H-E-B (through 3/8/11)
Yes, it's Memento.
6. Jesus is the Firstborn from the dead.
1. “The death of bin Laden marks the most significant achievement to date in our nation’s effort to defeat Al Qaeda. … Today’s achievement is a testament to the greatness of our country and the determination of the American people. – President Barack Obama, announcing bin Laden’s death in East Room of the White House (May 1, 2011)
It was a remarkable achievement insomuch that my editor was located in South Africa. My co-writer and publisher were based in Australia, and I was living in Canada. The book is well over 500 pages and represented a couple of years labor during which I interviewed members of the “WarBirds” community, the game’s developers, real WWII pilots and gathered information on the many squadrons that made up the game. I also wrote about the game’s development history and the gaming conventions that constituted a major source of fun and barely fit-to-print shenanigans.
Our yummy-in-the-tummy food options no longer include buffets, ice cream or biscuits.
Sharshar sat happily on a smooth stone ledge, cooling his feet in the stream. He had his little fishing rod with him. He wasn’t into fishing; he just enjoyed the peace and quiet up here in the mountain. The seclusion of the place helped to sooth his senses, and provided him with the time to take stocks and pat himself on the back. Sharshar was a content man today, he reflected: the business was flourishing. He now had three assistants. And no one in the village seemed to have caught on his scam. He felt protected. He felt revered.
Sites affected by this change might not be easily recognizable as spamming without deep analysis or expertise, but the common thread is that these sites are doing much more than white hat SEO; we believe they are engaging in webspam tactics to manipulate search engine rankings.
While Bruno may lay claim to my ability to be, it is London who is my Jedi Master. The city I love so.
But the problem is, caterpillars don't stay caterpillars forever.
Last Monday afternoon a lorry turned up with our Giant Cable which made us happy, but then we couldn’t get it off the truck which was awful … but then we did something terribly clever with poles and leverage - haha.
“My mother loved you. She would have been happy to have us live with her,” she interjected.
What lies has this Muppet put in your head little darling and What bullshit has he hidden behind your smile,
So a week or so ago I received an email from a girl name Christine, clicked on it and started putting two and two together...HOLY SHIT it's Christine from UNIF! She said she loved my blog and would love to send me another pair of Hellbounds! I felt like a 12 yrs old girl who just got an iPad for Christmas from her extremely rich parents. I truly respect what she does with the UNIF brand so I was extremely thankful! I think my every other sentence was thank you so much. So again thank you soooo much Christine for the shoes boo, mwah!
Its latest Most Requested Songs of 2009 charts are now available for PDF download from DJ Intelligence. These are songs requested for all occasions, wherever a DJ might be spinning, from weddings to parties.
Can- Outside My Door
Angoulême municipal officials proudly provided the organizers with the use of an exhibition hall in the city's Hotel Saint-Simon. The Jerusalem Post said the controversial exhibition of pictures by a French photographer, Frédéric Soutereau, has previously been exhibited and awarded a gold medal at a photojournalism event in the southern French city of Perpignan in 2010. Representatives of France's Jewish community, still reeling from the Toulouse killings (see "3-Apr-12: After Toulouse"), protested vociferously over yet another French exercise in public glorification of the Hamas terrorists, but their voices were ignored. The French public should be given the opportunity to "understand better what Hamas really is” said one of the Hamas promoters, quoted by in a leading French newspaper. He explained that the exhibition shows the daily activities of Hamas and its “active and positive role” in the social, economic and cultural life of the inhabitants of the Gaza Strip.
“I gotta go!” I said. He gave me a hug, and then it happened. He kissed me. It was a really nice kiss. I started to freak out though when he tried to slip his tongue in.
If, like me, you’re not running a marathon any time soon, these bites are also a quick, nutritious breakfast or a satisfying afternoon snack.
To see a video of this blog, please go to the following link:
Meanwhile, I am somehow not only comfortable with all the religious symbols affixed to my car, I am getting a huge creative kick out of recombining them into an optimistic and inclusive art project. The religions theme is subtle, woven through the mosaic, alongside other motifs emerging organically (peace, the cast-off toys from our growing children, art for the sake of art). But though I did not set out with this intention, I see now that my religious interior–complex, colorful, joyous, open to interpretation, simultaneously familiar and incrutable–now has an exterior manifestation, on the hood of my car. If you see my “Bothmobile” at a traffic light, honk for harmony.
Sean is one heavy son of a forge, being all metal, definitely feels like 9 points. To digress, I find it easier to paint a model this size or smaller if it has some weight. A heavy model can rest in my hand, where I have to hold lighter ones. Ok, spiel over.
We examined the difference between the chestnut and the buck eye, as the buck eyes are poisonous to eat. When they are in the shell it is easy to tell them apart as the edible chestnuts have very unfriendly shells. The one on the left is the buck eye, they are smooth all around and shinier, the edible chestnuts have a matte finish and comes to a point with a little "tail" on them.
I think of it like a set of scales now. The most sensitive scales - feather sensitive.
trying various type of Thai food is another great things to do in Thailand.
Medically we have not gone there yet. Heath and I haven’t had the slew of tests done on us or started any type of fertility treatment. I have not felt a peace about going in that direction yet. It might come but as of right now I feel the Lord is telling me to hold off on that.
As soon as I parked up by the church (which you might have seen in Downton Abbey)I knew it was all going to be a resounding success. The little Cotswold stone building (which featured as the cottage hospital in Downton)was draped with bunting made by the local Primary schoolchildren. By the time I got to the entrance, the demonstrators had arrived from the Market Square and were being addressed through the loudhailer.
This award recognizes the best collegiate journalism in the country, and Region 1 spans along the Eastern Seaboard from Maine to Pennsylvania. During this award cycle, SPJ received more than 4,000 submissions from the 12 regions, and the other recipients of this award were from Harvard and Yale.
Well the Ribs kinda overpower the chicken..but that’s not the point..
Even the fickle Goddess of Luck can never withdraw from them.
Mr Murray has displayed many times an unhealthy obsession with nationalists and their politics. We find it strange that he campaigns relentlessly for the extreme left yet privately associates and campaigns for himself with ex-extreme right wing activists.
It's was hard to test and we need a lot of imagepacks,
So there’s one vegetarian and a vegan here this time around, and when you couple that with my GFDF eating (most of the time), it means we’ll be eating INSANELY well while we’re here. So I’m happy about that, because even the junk food here is healthy. We’re officially already eating rice and stir fry tomorrow, and that will be the default food for just after training on most days, since we can set the rice maker before class and then come back to finished rice.
hurt another's heart
We shook our heads.
Pretty much every time I watch TV or mainstream movies, I notice some scripted jab at people who don't drive. In The 40 Year Old Virgin, the filmmakers indicate the main character's incompetence at being an adult, along with his virginity and penchant for collecting toys, through the fact that he rides a bike to get around. Last week I watched an episode of "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" where one character tells another that any adult who does not drive must be "retarded." Jokes built on the subtle or blatant assertion that only driving counts, that people who bike, ride transit, and walk are weirdos, seem to be stock material for writers.
06 Vicious
But they didn't respond to that email, nor to the one after that, or the one after that, or to the phone call by the book's original editor with that line, or—after we'd let the situation sit for a year—to the query after that.
Every time I was feeling down and low, my mom always offered “What comfort food would make you feel better?” My answers ranged anywhere from a candy bar to my mom’s homemade mashed potatoes. I quickly learned that when I was sad (or just wanted to feel sad), I got tasty foods in reward. At this point in my life, I was still fairly active and did not gain too much weight. My weight gain did not truly start until the end of high school and all through college as I developed more independence and had the money to buy my own food, my own comfort.
The wireless modem provided is of inferior quality and breaks down easily.
Smoking Cigarettes: It has been 85 days since I quit smoking. I honestly do not miss it and will rarely ever have a craving. I do have an electronic cigarette that I fall back on here and there but I don’t see a problem with that. I use the lowest level of nicotine mixed in with a no nicotine formula. I haven’t even touched it this week. Most of the time I don’t. I never smoked in my house so the smell there was never an issue but it is really nice not having my hair and clothes smell like it. And it has freed up money for other things, like having to constantly buy smaller clothing to wear!
Fortunately I was released. I continued to see C (toe-feeling-lady) until I didn’t have to anymore. The second my court order expired, I stopped seeing her. I felt better. In hindsight, I know that the feeling of improvement was simply coming from an urge to not do therapy anymore. So my body and mind tricked me into thinking I was better. But not only that. My stay at the horrible state institution had “scared me straight” for a while. In addition to that I am extremely good at pretending, something I now understand is switching, when I feel emotionally cornered. I have the ability to become the person I can sense people want me to be. That being said, the hours I spent in that little “holding cell” next to the court room were terrible. I tried to pretend I was calm, but I really wasn’t. Every fibre of me was in upheaval. I was terrified of the prospect of having to spend two more weeks at that institution – which seems as a very likely outcome. It’s funny; I can recall feeling terrible, but I can’t emotionally recall it. Kind of like child-birth. One can remember the pain mentally but not physically. That’s actually a fairly good description of what it feels like to switch when there is co-consciousness.
I Have Nothing
There’s no turnin’ back.
with our co-workers or work groups.
5. COMMENT here that you've done it AND what your favorite spray paint project is.
On different ships?
To make new and fresh mistakes, carefully read the query letters and comments already on the blog.
These are just way too cool for me to pass up. James White just posted these test images he made a while back. To quote the man himself on the project,
I wanted to show you what else I bought at the flea market
Location: Cobble Hill Cinemas, 265 Court Street @ Butler Street, Brooklyn
Luke 8:17 For nothing is secret that will not be revealed, nor anything hidden that will not be known and come to light.
After 2 days exploring Chester, today we did a shop at Tescos after lunch, and then headed off down through the Northgate staircase locks to Tower Wharf.
I never want that feeling to leave me.
That’s my list. I’m sure there may be some disagreement – means we have more stars in this sport than we spend time talking about! And that’s a good thing. I have a few more things I want to look back on before Christmas gets . Much to look at before we close the door on 2011.
43Then Joshua and all Israel with him went back to their tents at Gilgal.
As I continue to share my REmodeling adventures with many of you this coming year, I look forward to seeing what inspirations that I receive from reading your blogs and hope that I return a few to you as well!
“But no one will know the words,” offered my mother-in-law.
So kids, what have we learnt from all this?
Once we were seated and the waitress took our drink orders, I was expecting the usual round of first date questions and nervous small talk. There was a little of that. The drinks arrived. Then he leaned back in his chair and gave me this… appraising look. You know… the kind that a person gives a horse they are considering buying. This dude has made a “don’t pass go, don’t collect $200″, beeline to the top of my Shit List. And then came the real gem of the evening… he asked me “Soooooo…. What’s your “number”? As he said “number” he made the quotes sign with his fingers.
1 Corinthians 15:12-19
Like I said, this book shakes up a lot of things in regards to the faith. It rearranges the way you’ve maybe looked at things for a long time — it did for me, anyway. But, I like the new way of looking at things, as it makes the reading of certain Bible passages make a lot more sense to me… some that were confusing before now seem more clear.
As I accepted the fact of my hair having another unfortunate day, I was in the mood to pull an Alice band. I can't even remember when I lastly put one on (was it in primary school or was it on a day of "spirit week" during my very last time in hell?). But a hairband can actually be a good thing when you're not willing to fight against your hair when trying to do a perfect ponytail. Or bun. (and obviously both is dramatically failing because it's always like this when you need it). This Alice band is one is one of my Vintage purchases I still love. Oh and in case your recognise the same I did ... no, I actually didn't receive some slaps on both of my cheeks but instead just failed to apply some rouge properly. Something I haven't learned yet. Oh well. Superwhitegirlproblems.com!
Via GoV we learn of an open letter, written by Spanish German (or German Spaniard) Marco Pino, addressed to Helmut Kohl and through him all EUrocrat ideologues. In the letter Mr. Pino argues not for more or less 'Europe', but for a better Europe, a Europe that functions. A Europe for all, nit just the elites.
The Large Bear is grateful for this as it often prevents him from doing something foolish.
It's no secret that I usually do a lot of shopping when I go to the US. I spent my birthday on an outlet outside Salt Lake City last year. When we got back to the hotel I spread out all my new clothes on the bed and crawled up on it and made hubby take an arranged photo where I was supposed to look shocked over all my purchases. But two seconds later my true nature showed and I looked as pleased as ever can be and of course he took another photo.
I’d go further and say the revelations of modern science, thus informing our view of God’s nature, must therefore influence our view of God’s word – not just in areas where the text “contradicts” the scientific evidence but in its entirety.
I thought “Fast Five” was a lot of fun and my favorite in the series. Too bad Jason Statham couldn’t join. Since they’re going more toward the heist movie, let’s have an all out car chase in this one. One that raises the bar.
When I had my consultation, the nurse explained the procedure and gave me a couple different options to prepare for the test. Prepare for the test. This is where the deception starts. In my world, prepare for the test means study and memorize how to conjugate irregular verbs in Spanish. But that's not the kind of preparations or tests they're talking about.
Once I had covered the entire wreath with Easter grass, I began to glue down my eggs. I just put a big blob of glue on the egg and then pressed it firmly on to the grass covered wreath form. I slightly angled my eggs as I glued them all around the wreath. And I just kept on going until I ran out of room.
Netflix doesn’t allow you to rent STAR TREK: INSURRECTION on DVD and so, there is no review for the ninth Star Trek movie, totally sabotaging my efforts to bit you my thoughts on all Star Trek movies. When you combine this with the fact that the Red Envelope has kept me waiting for over a month for Cannonball Run, well, it’s like they exist to torment me.
Sleeping Beauty had no choice but to wait, her life literally on hold until someone was brave enough to reach out into her world and wake her up. Sometimes it’s not up to us but we can’t lose hope.
Seemed to take to us
It gives you voice.
Salmon Farms Kill Wild Salmon
Healing: A gift of the spirit provided to priesthood leaders to make the sick and injured whole. When the person is healed, it is because of the person’s faith; if the person is not healed, it is either a lack of faith or that it wasn’t God’s will that they be healed. Does not apply to amputees.
About the time we, the three of us got pretty good at all walking together like civilized animals, Diesel hit the mother lode.
Sydney bushfire diary from the frontline (English 2 – News – Articles)
Uploaded by thelackeysisters on Jul 15, 2011.
8/17-19: Central Regional Qualifier (Dockdogs)
Tommy and I, assisted by my 10th former Roma, taught the boys about what it means to work as a team, qualities of an ideal leader, and how better to expess our feelings through words. I had 12 Boys give up the most beautiful, warm March Saturday to be inside speaking English and writing feeling poems. But in reality, they were really into all of the lessons and had a blast hanging out in a more causal and relaxed setting with Mr. Benjamin, Senor Tommy, and Roma.
It’s okay that you haven’t found your passion. Keep looking, keep trying, because it’s out there, and you will realize what it is when you are in the middle of it, when you are working harder than you have ever worked, and don’t mind one bit. It won’t announce itself with a bullhorn, but with a sense purpose. These are “little m” moments, and they can pass you by if you don’t pay attention.
Taken: 10/31/2009
Sweet malt, dark roasty malt, and freshly brewed coffee aromas. The flavor is smooth and silky with nice mocha note and a round finish.
This photo was taken at the venue at the
Hope you like it, and fell free to share and comment!!!
Another reason why people dislike Catholicism has to do with psycho-history. Psycho-history is an odd sounding discipline. Rest assured it has nothing to do with Alfred Hitchcock’s Norman Bates or disturbed people going on killing sprees. Instead, it’s about past generations influencing present generations through a possibly genetic and definitely cultural heritage.
Yes, yes I know. I already have the two Urban Decay Naked Palette, but as I said before, I love any makeup palettes with the name “Naked/Nude/Neutral” on it. And this certain palette that I recently had is basically a dupe for the 2 Naked Palettes. I can’t resist. Plus, I actually pre ordered it before I actually had the 2 UD NP, so technically, I want to have it before I own the two UD NP.
always gone the way I had wanted it,
so yeah, you can use ALL the colors... or just some of them; you can go with butterflies and flowers... or not; you can interpret this one ANY way you'd like! awesome, no? here's my card, and YES, it really is *MY* card, i didn't accidentally get it mixed up with someone else's, lol:
My lips have developed insane sensitivities to random chapsticks and lip glosses and when Houston was about a month old, my lips reacted to a new lip gloss and decided to peel off completely, leaving them swollen and burning 24 hours a day for a full week. Though I truly enjoyed the look of my new Angelina Jolie-esque puffy pout, they were unbelievably painful, continually peeling, and made it extremely difficult to eat, drink, or kiss my precious little angel. My mom suggested I try this to heal them. Lo and behold it WORKED! I’m now on the search for actual lanolin based chapstick to make it more convenient for my purse than this large tube.
with that self-abusing best
-- ... the ability to grab a stranger and dance for four minutes emitting the vibes that you're wildly in love, then turn on a heel and walk off. Suddenly, it all begins to make more sense. Dancing tango is ridiculously enjoyable. Partner dances generally are - this is not news - see Jane Austen. Tango delivers particularly well, because it's all about making a certain kind of short-lived music-based physical and mental connection that is a lot of fun. The vibes part is in the Not Even Wrong class - what you should be doing is not bad acting, it's dancing. But the truth of how that's done is complex, interesting, and would not fit in the box provided. And it's normally nearer twelve minutes, unless something has gone badly wrong.
I recommend playing around with this handy web applet that let’s you send waves along a virtual rope. And here’s a picture of some scientists doing the real thing in a classroom:
Let’s set them afloat on the pond, she said. And they sat on the roof of their lodge, and by and by the moon rose and watched too.
When You came, and You turned everything around.
If it snows one more time I will find some one to blame and hang them upside down from their toenails!
Here’s the thing, indeed no one likes a complaining model but in the real world the model and clients has the liberty to choose and decide. No matter how perfect the model is, no platform is bigger than the rejection they will eventually face. Too beautiful is a flaw, to tall is a flaw, too short is also a flaw and that’s why when a client set to search for a model, there’ll always be a criteria to be fulfilled and that justifies a win-win situation for both the model and client. It seems that the real world provides more rationalization than what the show seems to convey to the public. We are sucked into a reality of a dominating industry full of vultures and struggle of the strong for survival which perhaps is contradicting in opposed to the reality.
Most people got married in June because they took their yearly bath in May, and they still smelled pretty good by June. However, since they were starting to smell brides carried a bouquet of flowers to hide the body odour. Hence the custom today of carrying a bouquet when getting married.
Writing an adequate tribute to Sherman's March vexes me because I'm not sure where to draw the line between giving away too many of the film's numerous great moments and risk making the experience of watching the film less enjoyable should this convince anyone to seek McElwee's movie out. On the other hand, I fear that if I don't include enough of the highlights, I won't be successful at selling Sherman's March to potential new viewers either. It's easy to pick out the women that I don't have to go into detail about such as Jackie, Karen or Joy. I think what little I've mentioned about Burt Reynolds leaves enough of an implication that the actor almost becomes a recurring character. It's worth mentioning the odd little incidents such as when McElwee's car breaks down in a small town in the middle of the night and there's no other lodging available so he has to spend it in a jail cell. Of course, I won't give away the film's ending which works as a punchline of sorts, but there are two women who must be discussed, one who becomes a possible romantic interest, the other an old friend and former teacher who really is the film's breakout character.
There are so many things in our projects that are out of our control. If we insist on being ultimately prepared, and controlling all that we possibly can, our projects cannot help but be better executed and more successful.
The only comment, but perhaps that's what we are used in the Netherlands, is that there is that there isn't enough salt in the recipe. But because it's a great bread, really tasteful and airy, I baked another one already and increased the salt to 1 2/3 teaspoon for 2 loaves. That's the amount we like here.
In the Old Covenant, the fulfillment depended on the faithfulness of man………..”if” you – “then”.
Due to my 5pm meeting in Queens being canceled I was running early for once and decided to catch a bus (yes, a bus, I just love looking out the window!) to Flushing's Chinatown so I could try the "best" Zhenzhunaicha, or bubble tea as you laowai know it, as raved to me by a client at Taipan Bakery in Flushing. Ladies and gentlemen, I not only found the under-$2 hamburger, but the mecca of not-too-sweet-with-perfectly-textured-tapioca-balls bubble tea. Just elbow your way through all the old ladies and you're golden.
It is soooo cold out, that BG just had to have matching mittens with her pink zebra dress which will go perfectly with her black overcoat. I took her hands, put space around them, and then cut around it... used that as a base for the mittens. I cut four Cut out some fleece for the inside. It looks very cute.
“That’s me. That’s you mom. That’s the phone. Teacher say you call me everyday. Friends call each other and say hello. You my best friend. You say hello all the time.”
My little narration above is about real people and real events. There seem to be some punishment for every step taken to better one's life in Ghana. I have just spent 30 minutes on the motorway between Action Chapel and the Toll booth, a distance less than 2km. A bad situation is exacerbated by the many drivers that lack proper upbringing ("dzimakpla") as a result, they have no conscience-check when they drive on the shoulders of the roads to avoid a civilized queue.
Statehood is a responsibility to be earned. And so far the Palestinian national movement has hardly proved its willingness to live in peace beside Israel. Palestinian schools and media — those of Fatah as well as of Hamas — routinely portray Israel as an artificial and temporary creation, without any rootedness in the land. All of Jewish history — from the ancient temple in Jerusalem to the Holocaust — is dismissed as a lie. No Palestinian leader has told his people — as Israeli prime ministers since Yitzhak Rabin have told their people — that the land must be shared by two nations. Instead, Palestinian leaders have consistently told their people that the goal is a state on all the land between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea, and they encourage their people to dream of a Middle East without Israel. --YK Halevi
And that tiny little girl with the head the size of an apple (really, ill have to photograph her first beanie, and the jumper she wore home from hospital – i got it at Pumpkin Patch. In the teddy bear clothes section!) showed us the important things.
There could be no such certainty after tonight. It's too much to wrap your head round, so it's as if life is suspended until we see what the next day will bring for us to react to.
Not to get all hippie-preachy or anything, but this is kind of an offensive amount of trash, right? Do normal and reasonable human beings not look at that mess and say, "...maybe we ought to like, I don't know? Take some of this trash with us? To a trash can?" or "Maybe we should bring that coffee table back home?" We've seen our share of litter-y days in Dolores Park and some embarrassing trash pileups in Golden Gate Park, but leaving actual pieces of living room furniture is a whole new level of prickish park use.
Knopf Canada, 2001
The mayor’s top priority isn’t budget proposals or city council meetings. Turns out, he’s using his trusted position as cover, quietly plotting in the shadows. He leads a sleeper cell outraged with what’s happening to their country. The group is ready to change things their way – and ain’t nothing in this world solved without violence.
Oil to cover the bottom of a pan
Me: But I'm going to Drogheda.
3/21/12 – New York, NY @ Spike Hill
I wrote a second epic while I tried to get the first one published. Back then I had no idea about the publishing world. All too quickly I gave up. I kept reading, but I didn't write for ten years. Biggest mistake of my life. However it's that very mistake that keeps me writing now. My advice to anyone who wants to write is keep writing and don't give up.
Well If I am not already I soon will be, in Creative Cardmaking Issue 39.
What do you think? Is it an idea worth pursuing? Any suggestions or ideas for my future bead soup palette posts?
She laughed, "That's nice of you to think of Luke's needs."
My back was very stiff now and I could sense the lack of balance in my hips, but I was in no real pain. All good signs for next time…
That much is clear, but there are many questions with this album…
Cassity from Remodelaholic turned a glass vase she had on hand into a lamp when her search for a "glass bottle" lamp came up empty. The result is not only great but she makes it look easy!
The thing that sucks more than losing this dog (which I've come to view as closely intertwined with my youth) is that my kids are losing this dog. We went to the library and checked out all of their pet loss books. It's going to be a difficult week.
The Night of Hope incorporated some of the local evangelical non-denominational church partners through a string of declaratory “prayers”.
When I came into hospital, I was immediately pumped with litres and litres of contrast dye for a CT scan, then more for an MRI. I mentioned that it made my crohn's flare up.
i've decided to do a list of the members of the coconut krewe because some new friends have stumbled on to the plantation and need to know who i'm talkin about!
And that big number of $36,500? It stayed arbitrary. I just kept plugging away at the number $108, which seemed more manageable and doable.
- Wah??? - Fock Aff! Aye, I gat mah tackat here, so ah do! - and she pulled it outta her cleavage, that elusive (figurative) golden ticket, when one of the popster's from the rabble's arm shoots out, snatches it off her, and this wee anorexic looking bint peels of from the screaming heads, like newborn hatchlings, and takes off down the street with it bawling in a high, helium pitched tonality befitting of her weak looking little frame.
My dad comes from that generation of guys that have a hard time expressing themselves. I can’t believe what a disservice has been done to that generation of men. Sure, some of them got past that whole facade of “men don’t cry” bullshit, but most of them didn’t. My dad didn’t. And I think – a lot of times – that must suck for him, not being able to let stuff out when he needs to. I also think he has a touch of Aspergers, which doesn’t help either, but it does make him a whiz at fixing pretty much anything.
To finish off my mantel I added two candlesticks, poked on a couple of white candles tied with a little green checked ribbon and I was done!
I have a thing for all things British. Not sure what it is, but I’ve always been fascinated with our neighbors across the pond. Perhaps it’s just that charming accent, but I’m smitten. From books to magazines to movies I try and get a daily fix of jolly London.
The bottom tier has the usual baby toiletries, nappies, etc.
If you know of a fix I would love any help you may have..
Our other stockist will be listed soon.
2. We are going to be doing a "Featured at Fashionista" . Once a week for the 3 week the challenge runs we will be picking several projects that we will feature and are offering a "Featured at Fashionista" blinkie badge that you will need to email Suzie sue@tranquilpc.co.uk to get.
There are soooo many captions that I refuse to put on this picture. Ooops, just thought of another one. Wait, how about "Cinnamon flashes gang signs?" ?
Each day of class we were “in” a different region of the world: Japan, Thailand, Spain, Greece and Turkey, Americas, Africa. We started off with lecture, covering a loooong list of terms and discussing the culinary history of the region and how imperialism, wars, and other major world events impacted the food people ate around the world (hint: spain made their mark allllll over the place).
At home, little by little, Ludwig replaced his father. First of all financially, because Johann, often under the influence of drink, was less and less capable of keeping up his role at the court. The young Beethoven felt responsible for his two younger brothers, and idea he kept for the rest of his life, sometimes to the extent of being excessive.
neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.
Shown here is 'My Kind of Cool Aid' which is my personal favorite of theirs. This also just so happens to be the first color they ever created and sold. A beautiful gravender - gorgeous!
Fast forward to 2011. There has been an event like the one at Beermongers nearly every weekend of the spring and summer (sometimes more than one), and breweries are the font of dozens of one-off beers every month. The thing is, mostly these appeal to beer geeks. And, while there are lots of beer geeks, there aren't an infinite supply. We can only drink so many new beers. I know from my own habits that this is a process of selection. Devonshire White Ale, yes. Double gin-barrel aged wit, no. This fest, yes; that one, no. It's not that I'm not interested in all these beers and fests, it's that I can't enjoy them all. So I skip some--and in truth, most.
Am I hesitant when I deal with people I don't know? It depends. How did I come to meet this person. Was I introduced to them through a mutual collector friend? Did I just bump into them at a show? Am I tying a private message to them out of the blue?
It is recommended to avoid touching any mushrooms that are clearly not pine mushrooms (saffron milk caps) nor slippery jacks, particularly to prevent contaminating your hands, knives or edible mushrooms with potentially dangerous spores.
The real question in the sanity check this holiday season, who is keeping who on their toes?
Course, we all know storytellers (and writers) that do this without thinking it through. Some are unaware of the issues involved, and others choose to ignore the issues, claiming that storytellers throughout history change details whenever a story is told again...
What now? Should he even proceed? The fire was gone. Spent on that hapless tree, replaced now only by a lingering sadness, thoughts of his Father.
With me running along behind, still shouting “Tickets? Passport?” etc.
The idea for the new 3 Sisters came to me while staking tomatoes. I love growing tomatoes, but they require a lot of time and energy to stake up each branch because the large fruits can often become too heavy and snap off the branches before they ripen. So I thought, “what if I could get nature to do this job for me?” I looked over to my tall, robust stand of sunchokes with pole beans twining up them. It seemed like a natural next step to use all three plants together.
Just take care my dearest dearest A. Fate, as it turned out gave us a chance to meet again. And what a meeting it was. Too bad we couldn't make it work....
Liberal Democrats have long opposed any new nuclear construction. Conservatives, by contrast, are committed to allowing the replacement of existing nuclear power stations provided that they are subject to the normal planning process for major projects (under a new National Planning Statement), and also provided that they receive no public subsidy.
Here are some of the pictures from the pool. I have a few more I need to get off my phone. They will come, eventually!
new craft ideas (also related to Pinterest)
After that little exhibition, the kids put me back on drums where I rocked out.
Down to tower'd Camelot;
I knew what I was in for from the get go. When Mr. H. and I met, he was in graduate school studying International Affairs and I was putting a few notches on my belt whilst climbing the corporate ladder. We were both 27 years old. He had lived in various countries in Africa by then and I had managed a few short breaks overseas travelling the Club Med circuit. Our perspectives of the world were markedly different. He had recently returned from the Peace Corp in Africa having taught English and mastering the art of building chicken coops and I was strategising my next move within the arena of corporate politics. More on how we met here.
According to the label for this painting, there are 13 different versions around the theme of this painting. In this case, the biblical story is transposed to a village when the tax had to be paid.
It feels in some ways like a deep cut. At first, all you can think about is the pain. Eventually, I know that I’ll be reminded of the cut whenever it hurts. I’ve been through this before and know that the cut is the hardest part…and that all that’s left is the healing.
Beyond these few issues, there is a serious logical problem presented if 2 Peter is a forgery that is literarily dependant on Jude. If 2 Peter was a forgery, one must wonder why the forger would copy Jude, which was a disputed book.[77] Lapham unwittingly agrees that if Peter actually wrote 2 Peter, it would seem strange that the “Prince of Apostles” would borrow from Jude.[78] It would seem strange that anyone pretending to be Peter would think that they needed to derive authority from a less respected, less recognized individual.
Last year, as word had gotten around that Katie is blessed with her mother's voice, they asked if she would like to pick up Jill's tradition on Christmas Eve. She enthusiastically agreed, and she literally blew the doors off the church that night. There was not a dry face in the building by the time she was done singing. This year she'll be doing it again, and every year for as long as she is willing and able.
Substitute
The constable next door, Herbert and his wife had two children, Denis and Marjorie. Denis and I would play with our Dinky toys in our back yard and swap comics. The hero in my weekly comic was Tim McCoy, a cowboy. He was of course better than Denis’s hero! Marjorie was a ginger headed girl who I didn’t like very much. She told tales about her brother and me swinging on a rope in the builder’s hay loft up the yard. We were playing Tarzan in our underpants. Admittedly we should not have been there. I vaguely remember a cart horse belonging to the builder was stabled there in early days but what happened to it I don’t remember. Up the yard on the left was a pair of cottages and in the one nearest to the yard was a boy called Terry who was always making mud pies in the dirty drain outside his home. It smelled awful. A little further up was a building used to garage the superintendent’s car and it was the job of Herbert the police constable to wash the car down periodically. Originally this building housed the police horse and trap used as the superintendent’s transport.
Okay, I digressed. Back to appreciating good health. I know we all deal with life events differently – in my case, I’m emotional – always have been and always will be. I can come off as gruff and grouchy, but underneath all that, I’m emotional and passionate about life.
The text of the e-mail said this:
Another writer on whom you can always rely. All the novels featuring the Casson family are highly recommended. You can collect the whole set. I like this one best for no better reason than that I adore the title.
“We can’t stand by and do nothing as US companies are hemorrhaging from the cyber looting coming from nation states like China and Russia,” said Rogers, co-sponsor of the bill along with Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger (D-Md.). “America will be a little safer and our economy better protected from foreign cyber predators with this legislation. I commend the bipartisan effort on this bill. And I thank Ranking Member Ruppersberger for his leadership in getting 42 Democrats to join this important legislation. I encourage the Senate to take up the bill soon so we can move it to the president’s desk.”
Call me stupid. Call me crazy. But I love the idea of love. I love the idea of being in love. I want to be in love, but every time I do fall in love, I get my heart smashed, beaten and crucified without mercy.
General Siphiwe Nyanda from the ANC's National Executive Committee admitted there were problems in the policing system.
Well...yes and no—mostly no, I'm afraid, though it does have one moment towards the very end that almost makes sitting through the rest worth your trouble.
Pennsylvania’s Dickinson College’s “Climate Action Plan” is striving for climate neutrality by 2020. It intends on achieving this, in part, through conversion of the central energy plant boiler’s to burn Viesel a net-zero carbon bio-fuel made from filtered waste vegetable oil.
So the concept of ROE is useful outside and inside your organization, making it a doubly useful metric.
First chaperoned Vacation.
today we had a small birthday celebration for Savanna. Although her birthday is not until Monday, we wanted to do something small for her to include our closest family and friends. As we sang Happy Birthday the reality of what has actually happened smacked me in the face. It became as real as real can be.. I was not singing to the happy one year old gorging down on some cake, but an angel in heaven watching us from above. And in that moment, the weight of the world and all of my stresses had weighed heavily on my shoulders. And it all made sense. I know before I said I was hiding.. which I think I still kind of am. But more then hiding.. I have been scared.
The Heaven-worshipping ceremony at the Temple of Heaven as pictured in the below picture: The ritual was reconstructed according to paintings and literary records from Emperor Qianlong’s grand ceremony in 1748. All performers were wearing costumes from the Qing Dynasty and carrying props. Seeing the performance was truly a magical experience which brought even more good air into my New Year’s life.
Spencer unknowingly fixed a babe magnet…
God must feel like that belt did. Aside from my strange use of personification – or rather, deification – with regard to functional accoutrement, the parallel is fitting (pun not intended). Our undesirable attractions hinder our awareness God’s presence. He’s there to satisfy the requirements of acceptable standards of religiosity and nothing more. Our relationship with God becomes merely functional and we end up taking his presence for granted.
fracture into the breakfast room or the upper kitchen
The exhibition shows dresses as objects of nostalgia spun into metaphorical meaning for the early 21st century. The artists include Deborah Rael-Buckley (sculptor), Michelle Cook (mixed-media), Nancy Delpero (painting) and Zoe Zimmerman (photographer).
EXAMPLE: The line, “KHAAAAAN!” is uttered by whom?
Oskar Blues Grill & Brewery GUBNA Imperial IPA
Bunnyman stops and gets out of the truck to take a girl out of the back of the truck do a stupid rip-off of one of the death scenes from The Hitcher, right down to actually not showing you death but cutting straight to the corpse afterwards. Then he drives back to the dumb asses. One dumb ass has got out of the car and looked at the engine. He finds some tools among the trash in the trunk and gets under the front of the car to try to fix it. Bunnyman arrives and smacks the truck into back the car twice and leaves again. The dumb asses in the car freak out then slowly realise one dumb ass was under the car. They get and discover that he’s dead and we see a little bit of gore on the ground so we have to take their word for it.
I had an epiphany moment (AGAIN) last Tuesday and decided enough was enough.
About You:
Remember to post your Parisian or Unparisian-ness in comments and tweet it up with mention to @JNSQBLOGPARIS for 2 chances at the draw!
As the law is politicised and Americanised, these travesties are not untypical. In upholding the conviction of a London university student, Mohammed Gul, for disseminating “terrorism” on the internet, Appeal Court judges in London ruled that “acts… against the armed forces of a state anywhere in the world which sought to influence a government and were made for political purposes” were now crimes. Call to the dock Thomas Paine, Aung San Suu Kyi, Nelson Mandela.
The other factor in modern bullying goes to people’s inability to accept happiness. Happiness is all around, you just have to accept it. Trust me, there are great things out there. If you look for something, you will find it. If you are unhappy, look for a reason to be happy. I’m not saying ignore your problems and they will go away, I’m saying, there’s no reason to be permanently unhappy. If you have massive problems with money or a job, or … whatever, that’s different. If you are on the internet reading this, you have a computer (or access to one) or a smart phone… how many people in the world don’t have those things.
image on nellie snellen die cut
"MY SPARKLING MISFORTUNE is a quick and light read that is appropriate for all ages.
I am also attaching a video clip of the peacock feather fan selling boy who knows more languages than I know the names of!
Good morning StitchStealers!
An important part of the broad radical opposition to Islamophobia and the ConDem coalition’s offensive to bring back the welfare of the nineteenth century workhouse, Marie-Angelique lives and agitates in Levenshulme, Manchester.
Even now, nine years later, my anger rises to a level even Paxil can’t control as I think about the Necons’ two Wars of Choice. Now that it’s almost all over, let’s look at the results: [1]2,583 coalition deaths in Afghanistan; and oh yeah, those civilians who don’t matter much: 12,793 dead. In Iraq, the U.S. body count is 4,487 and those pesky civilians died to the tune of 162,000, which of course could be much more. That’s nearly 200,000 dead and countless others maimed and driven crazy. And oh yeah, $1.324 TRILLION was expended by the U.S. on both fronts. For what??
I was on vacation on September 11. I hadn't left town yet. I was working in a video store at the time, and I had taken that week off in order to attend a comic book convention in Maryland. I was planning to leave on Friday and spend the weekend there. I was looking forward to the trip, as I have a lot of cartoonist friends and many of them would be at the show.
Scribble City Central's eighth Fantabulous Friday comes from John Dougherty, author of (among many other wonderful titles) the Bansi O' Hara books. I'm always a sucker for Irish myths, and John has taken many elements from them here and woven his characters into two magically funny and exciting plots.
Also what is very good with beer is salmon poached in beer…
Cheap: He would rather 1 ply toilet paper.
Speculation : What was the religion of the Hebrews prior to Judaism?
She takes dozens of pictures. I miss nothing.
THE CATHOLIC KNIGHT: I am a Southern American man and I proudly define myself as a Dixiean. That term is not a very popular one at this time, but I insist on it, because it truly does define my REAL nationality. It is a nationality suppressed so successfully by the imperial reign of Washington DC that most of my countrymen have no knowledge of it. Many of my countrymen use the term Southerner or Southron instead, and of course there is nothing wrong with that, but in designating a term that is directional in nature, the next question that begs to be asked is "southern to what?" Thus we enter into the hyphenated identity of Southern-American or American-Southron. Again, nothing wrong with that, but I do see a slight problem. By using this terminology, the connection to the United States of America is implied, and thus my countryman identifies himself as an American primarily. If that is what one wants, then fine, but I am not an American by choice. I am an American by circumstance because my people were conquered by Washington DC about 150 years ago. Therefore I am a Dixiean. That is my real nationality. I insist. I look forward to the day when all my fellow countrymen will join me in using that term.
The MSM and assorted talking heads were really spoilt by events in Norway last year when all their Christmas’s came together in the Liberal wet dream of Anders Behring Breivik, the blond and blue eyed bogeyman who will be used to terrify impressionable children for years to come.
Make sure you hop on over to the TGF Blog to start at the beginning and see the complete lineup. They are a lot of people giving the farm some love today so you don't want to miss any of them. There will be a grand prize winner (the entire January release, wow!!!) for a lucky hopper.
“We came and we went to war, and out of these three games we never dropped the South African flag.”
Drink it and instantly regret doing so.
Mahmoud is dismissive regarding the prospect of justice before Israeli courts. “I don’t expect the case to be successful. The Israeli’s are liars; they attack children and are careless in what they target.”
Andi comes over and asks if I am okay? I say I am fine and I think I will leave soon. I look at the watch on my hand stunned. It is eleven - how did it get so late.
My crush has shifted to Hareton. Compare and contrast Heathcliff and Hareton.
Jaela - Mindy the mermaid from Spongebob
11/22 Spokane, WA The Blvd
Really, I feel a heavy burden of responsibility to present my young brood to the immortal world of the Church, preferably not looking like I hoiked them from the garden mud patch two hours before and couldn't be bothered with a flannel. That is our normal state, but it does not seem very respectful, especially when we are bound to stand for several hours under the gaze of judgement day.
All these pretty flowers have me thinking about May Day. Don't you like the thought of leaving little bunches of flowers on the doorsteps of your friends and neighbors to celebrate Spring? Does anyone do that anymore? I think we should bring it back.
Here's a closer look at the embellishments on the flap... I really love these 3D roses. These were made using Sizzix bigz die. After forming the rose, I placed a few drops of glue in the middle then dropped one pearl bead inside. The trick for making the butterfly "float" was to place a transparent plastic strip on the butterfly.
The Arabic chauvinism of Arabs and of Islam itself has long been noted, especially by South Asian Muslims who claim they are given short shrift by Arab Muslims. For a long time, the Koran was not even translated in non-Arabic religions – it could only be read in Arabic. Indonesian Muslims have had similar complaints.
1 From the PGMT Statement of Accounts, for year ending 30th June 2007
Anyway, my batteries died. Notice I said “batteries” not “battery”. There are two of them and they were both toast.
Head to see what the CREW is saying!
Thanks to JJ at Tea Stains, I am now the proud recipient of a Prolific Blogger Award. I'm tired just thinking about it :-) Actually, so many people post blogs more frequently than I do that I'm rather chuffed about this. So now I'm supposed to send you here so you can read all about the award, and I'm supposed to pass this on to seven people. At the risk of offending someone, I think just pointing you in the direction of Advance Booking will go a long way towards "spreading the love." At the end of that post there is a list of over 200 blogs -- do go there, find some that sound interesting for you to check out. And I authorize all of you to add your names to the list. We're all prolific in some way or another (even if it's just the amount of chocolate we eat or naps we take) and let's face it -- we all need an award from time to time.
Unless you are latching on and dunno how much baby is eating, if baby cries and displays hunger signs after 2 hours, feeding him is generally safe. Anything earlier than that, check for other possibilities like diaper, temp, gas etc. Sometimes we realised all Baby O needs is a good burp, lol~
(2) Make the Icing and Decorate!
It's so easy to visit our favorite bloggers and assume that the pictures we see of their homes clean and beautifully decorated are the realities of their everyday life.
“I hear a cat,” Squire announced. “Never lock eyes with a blue-eyed cat.”Her father’s inability to answer her question is part of a secret. Whether the cat is prophetic, or not, requires turning the page. It’s the photo that presents itself as a mystery that I’m hoping will engage the reader and cause her/him to buy the novel.Learn more about the book and author at Jacqueline E. Luckett's website and blog.
Y'all have a promising day and......smile a lot so people will wonder what you are up to.
I have this ongoing issue with pain in my back. You know about that. Also in my groin and in my hips. It sucks. Blah. Blah. And a little more Blah.
My own thoughts are that the borders of the publishing industry are seeing two distinct types of authors. Those who are naive and have little understanding of the industry and how it works, like adolescent teenagers--they look the part, speak the part, but their writing and actions show a distinct lack of streetwise nuisance. They may learn, but then, they may also continue to make the same mistakes and misjudgements over and over again. Then, we have the the new breed of self-published writers--versed in the dreams as well as the realities of being an author. Some of them--just a few--will not tire of the frustration and the rejection and every step along the way will be a seed and something more learned. This paradigm is not an ideal for being an author, but rather a framework to elevate and educate an author enough to become a part of what the publishing world is not at the moment--should be--and one day will be.
Indeed, our new VIP Services program provides everything a traditional publisher can offer. We launched the program to help authors gain more control over their own publishing process and recruited an experienced team of professionals with traditional and bestseller experience to lead the way. We’re extremely honored that Mr. Wideman decided to use Lulu for Briefs and that our VIP Services are part of his journey.
What are some of her favorite things to do?? Hmmm let's see taking marker and drawing on her arms and legs, taking ink stamps and stamping her entire body, jumping off of anything she can, glitter glue on anything she can get it on and the scream. Ugh the scream that gives me migraines. I always find it interesting when people tell me how cute and sweet she is. My response is usually something along the lines of trying living with her for a week and then let's see if you still think that of her.
- Gregory Peck
“Chloe Jennings-White leads a double life. A Ph.D chemist in Salt Lake City, Utah, Chloe lives as a paraplegic in a wheelchair. For the most part, people believe that Chloe is unable to walk, but she has a shocking secret. Chloe isn’t paraplegic at all. She is not a paraplegic, but chooses to live as one.”
It was filled with raspberry jam and whipped cream. To be perfectly frank, it is about the thickness of a kitkat.
""... A venture capital firm run by Mitt Romney created nearly 150 jobs in Gaffney, S.C., in the late 1980s only to eliminate them four years later and earn millions of dollars in profits.
In the last of a trilogy of odd memories, mad inventor John Ward told me another tale yesterday about working as the projectionist for an independent cinema in the 1960s.
The Regulations require that finished cosmetic products must undergo a safety assessment by a suitably qualified person before they can be placed on the market"
They also let us into the world of young people today. One grandmother we know listens to the music of her teen- age grandson. She says, “I just want to know what’s going on in the world, and John helps me stay in touch. He never treats me like an ‘old fogey’ but thinks it’s kind of neat to lend me his CDs and create playlists for my iPod. He even brags to his friends that his grandma likes hip-hop.” As we get older, we may begin to feel isolated from our families and from the mainstream of society. Our grandchildren bring us back. They provide us with an entrance into the world again, a ticket to American culture.
from the mist. It would be easier
But of course, before we can be channels of His Love, His Reign must begin in us through our full surrender to Him and His Holy Spirit so that He might begin the work of His Kingdom in us! The work of His Kingdom in us begins by His Spirit working in our lives to conform us to the image of His Son! Blessed be His Holy Name!
I Love “Pocahontas Samincha ” earrings , consider them wearable art, and I feature them along with blue boy in my new business card which I can’t wait to share with you. I will include the new business card as a picture along with “Pocahontas Samincha ” once they are printed.
We flew out on the Saturday, stayed in a luxurious hotel/apartment, went to the show that night at the Lyric Theatre - the show was fantastic - absolutely loved it and then we spent the morning in Sydney - went to mass at the biggest Cathedral in Australia and then grabbed a bite to eat before we flew home again. I also have to add that Sydney turned on the beautiful weather while we were there too. It was so nice to see the harbour glistening away.
Anyway – you get the point. I like the idea of these glasses, but imagine all that shit going on in my head! I’d go insane. This is just a sample of the most interesting texts… And I was busy so I wasn’t writing back and encouraging flowing conversation – if I was then it would have been much worse. I think I’ll pass on the glasses for now.
Her heart always melted, every time he showed a faint interest in her.
The idea is to think about the effect of the sentence you want, and then choose the best preposition to give you that effect; ones that help make the scene, accentuate it, but not spoil it.
absolutely GORGEOUS and there are no pictures that could truly do it justice. the colors are so rich and so beautiful and all the embellishments make me so happy, from the fun banners to the buttons and brads, it makes creating so, so much fun.
Today, if only today, search your heart, find some small thing you can do to not only preserve the earth and all she provides, find a way to honor her. For without her and all the other life here, our very lives will end.
I don’t want to spoil the pleasure of reading this article… but, to encourage you… let me give you a taste: “The brain is usually blamed for actions that attract moral disapprobation or legal sanction. People do not normally deny responsibility for good or neutral actions such as pouring out a cup of tea. This is a pick ‘n’ mix approach to human action and intent, and grounds, I would say, for treating the ‘my brain made me do it’ plea of mitigation with some suspicion.”
$50 from a stranger+ More Kind words of Encouragement = EPIC AWESOME
Hence the phrase...'Goodnight , sleep tight'
by gail
some of it you can see above but these are a couple of my favorites. one is this tiny dance card from a ball in paris held in 1903. gentleman would request a polka or a waltz and she’d pencil him in if she was free (or he was handsome)!
“I think we just got a clue into Mitch. Turns out he’s affiliated with The Fox Hole Syndicate. The coroner just found a tattoo of a fox head on the underside of Mitch’s left arm.”
By this time, we were so tired, we knew it was time to go home. The Science Museum was fun. It as just one day, but we had fun!!!!
Warm brie phyllo cup with cranberry-ginger chutney & toasted almonds with Delirium Noel - 10% ABV.
My Husby would pretend he was a troll and lay on the stairs.
In the close distance there is the faint outline of a temple. It is your temple. Behold. The temple has four columns. The four columns represent the four primary forces. The four primary forces were commanded by the Creator to bring order to the universe at the time of the creation.
On this day in 1991, Arsenal entertained Liverpool in a testimonial where supporters of both clubs appreciated his service and to help him with his then relatively recently diagnosed Parkinson’s Disease, a fight he continues to this day.
I finally made my way up the North Shore of Lake Superior this past weekend. The North Shore connects Duluth with Grand Portage at the Canadian border. Not going to lie, it was fun to see “Canadian Border” as a destination on the mileage sign outside of Duluth. My intention had been to drive about 45 minutes north of Duluth to Gooseberry Falls State Park to hike the Fifth Falls Trail.
Approximately 24 hours after we signed the contract to be His slaves, He gave me a world-changing vision, which we call Campus Crusade for Christ. I believe that had there been no contract, there would have been no vision.
MJ: Which festivals and nightclubs can we catch you at this year?
1/2 C melted butter
The symbol chosen by the hopeless haters is therefore a very sinister one, albeit with an apparently friendly face - very much like their Socialist Worker Party and Labour backers - people to very much beware of!
* The mother loves her child most divinely, not when she surrounds him/her with comfort and anticipates his/her wants, but when she resolutely holds him to the highest standards and is content with nothing less than his/her best. Washington Irving
The Poem Gallery is changed every April during National Poetry Month. If you live within the Vancouver Island Regional Library System, and if you would like to submit 1 or 2 SHORT poems for consideration for next year’s Poem Gallery, email them as a Word document to Anthony Martin at amartin@virl.bc.ca
Some people come into your life for a SEASON,
Wyandotte Triangle (tent) Aid Station: Matt Holmes, Jeff Perry, and Rick Mayo.
Pretty much the same in the taste--darker than usual in appearance, a little heavier and slower than most lagers, but still nice and light with a decent bitterness and malt.
True love or not, the game must play out, and the fates of everyone involved, from the cast of extraordinary circus per¬formers to the patrons, hang in the balance, suspended as precariously as the daring acrobats overhead.
As Olivia opened her mouth, the officer pulled out a small flashlight from her pocket and started examining her mouth.
More quarter box (5 for a buck) pulls. I like me the old timers. These are just cards that I saw and wanted - no real reason for them, except the Pafko. That was a thought for a certain Pat Benatar-ish collector, but I see it on his "has" list as well. Mine! I have another 9 of the lower right All-Time Classics; I won't scan them all. Total cost on screen (plus the extra 9): $3.20
I just hope my Mum likes it (and that she hasn't found my blog yet!).
Music: MP3 MPEG-1/2 Audio Layer 3, MPEG-4 AAC, WAVE (Linear PCM)
I had the day off today, and I was actually really bored. Surprisingly nothing on my to-do list.
I actually wrote this poem last night when I was speaking to him after a little while!! well I told him I was going to post it today because I had posted too many posts already! so here it is
Things are heating up in Egypt, and not in a good way.
Except you’ve still got me, my dear
MyPlaySucks: calls $0.50
Last night, I went out for a couple of drinks with my best friend and I found myself discussing the blog and relating it to mutual friends; how many of our friends had become grumpy due to love, it seemed that the majority of our group had become cynical; they’d stopped believing in the one. And there seemed to be a pattern in the lead up to their being renamed Grumpy. That leads to the question: When we are heartbroken by another person do we ever truly heal? Is jadedness not due to desensitization, but due to the scars left behind from the wounds? I then started to think about the healing process once a relationship has ended and noticed that there is a pattern to behaviour before we can really embark on healing and moving on.
So, even though my neck was killing me and giving me migraines, for no reason other than I was massively tense, and my jaw was screaming from grinding my teeth most nights while I slept- I am scraping the will to move on and go, and do and BE.
Kraft Kitchens Tips
Lessons
The President has developed the (undesirable) habit of defending his erring staff.
Raise your hand if at one point you did like and go see those kinds of movies!
Incorporating balance into your life isn’t hard and it doesn’t have to be all-consuming or all that time-consuming. It can be done in moments but those moments will add up to a happier and healthier you. And, if you are raising children, those moments will create balance throughout their lifetimes as well. You can teach your children a life skill which will literally help them to live longer, happier lives.
I love talent expressed in all its endless forms, but I especially love it when it is fearless. We are lucky that the artists we show at Smithy Gallery are individual, bold, subtle and thoughtful. They are brave enough to express themselves for all to see - fearless.
as it rides the crest of a wave
Once a given area is clean, I'm more inclined to experiment with new storage ideas, making restocking just that much easier and more fun to look at! I just find better solutions keep the house cleaner longer.
Generally, you enter the long building, cross the Great Hall and try to ignore the exhibits there for the time being, then go into the back museum rooms, where you’ll find the docents’s desk and a small gift shop. The museum rooms will take you through Texas military history from the Texas Revolution up to the Iraq War. You’ll see swords, rifles, pistols, small artillery, machine guns, uniforms, helmets, medals, flags, guidons, radios, model planes, helicopters, and tanks, panoramic photos, a Mauser that belonged to Chiang Kai-shek, General Erwin Rommel’s cap and boots, maps, guides to social customs in occupied regions, a field kitchen with a display on military meals through the ages, from hardtack to MREs, a swanky, state-of-the-art, all-brass Japanese Army binoculars set with tripod and lens filters, captured German, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Iraqi items, and even a special shadow box viewer so kids can see what it’s like to try to see things from inside a tank. They even have a few of the infamous playing cards of Iraqi big shots, including Saddam Hussein and his sons.
I took over a corner of the long room that is both kitchen and family room. Yes, it can be noisy, but I tend to work when the rest of the family are still snoozing or when they're out for the day. Then the house is all mine and this is the perfect place to work.
Other Coverage
Guess what I did this weekend???
FOUR DAYS of projects being knocked off my list!
Those are certainly not all the engines out there, but it is enough to get you started.
The monochrome facsimile on the back of the album stared out at us, mocking us. It waited and waited for us to finally open a 33, peel it from the backing and affix it, covering up the shame of an unfinished album. But the relief never came, and before long the shopkeeper had sold out once more, and informed us that the supplier had run out.
Last week he secured an injunction against internet giants such as Facebook and Google, stopping them from rebroadcasting or publishing the material.
Nomination 2: Euston Tap
I made this layout a while back...It is about what role forgiveness has played in my life.
Honestly, pick one of the following: just walk a little faster; move to the side; don’t walk five people abreast; endeavour to posses a minuscule amount of spatial awareness; don’t ever leave your house and buy everything you need online.
to the first 5 people who leave a comment here.
7) Boxers or briefs? Alternatively…bikinis or granny panties?
Sticky ball,
There was a unique Asian influence throughout the Thomasville showroom. Strong geometric patterns, and new takes on Chinese chinoiserie were present. This stunning chair in a modern oriental pattern is a perfect example.
You can either serve the soup and add dumplings to the plate or you can add dumplings to the soup in the saucepan to infuse them with flavour.
The one thing which I didn’t want to happen. And now it is like I have this big black cloud over my head. Like I can’t seem to find a way of being happy and stress free. I think I have felt like this for a while, but instead of opening up to someone and explaining how I felt I have kept it to myself thinking that if I didn’t say it, it wasn’t happening and I didn’t feel this way. Well that was a massive mistake on my behalf. Instead of feeling all happy and fine, I now feel worse that what I probably would have done if I had been honest. I have always had a problem with opening up to people and actually saying how I feel. T0 be honest you all will probably think I am just have a good old winge and a moan, probably to get some attention. But I’m not. I think I am only writing this post to get some of these feelings off my chest.
In this case, "the belt buckle" is the actual direction that someone's campaign is going, or the personal effect and perception they have with the electorate.
Obama: Whoa! You didn't use the secret password.
Place flour, sugar, yeast, oil and salt in a mixing bowl.
We chose this test for expediency, not because NV recommended it — and the GTX 580′s 340W draw is in line with what we’d expect from real-world games. That’s what makes the GTX 670′s 230W consumption startling — it’s an enormous improvement. Granted, it’s not going to have a huge impact on your power bill — even if you gamed 24/7, the difference between the two would come out to about $8.42 a month. It confirms, however, that Nvidia rearchitected Kepler with an eye towards what it might do with the chip in the future. A Fermi-style GPU was never going to make it into a mobile part, while a Kepler-derived chip just might.
Instead of dill, try using fresh rosemary, cilantro, oregano, thyme, fennel tops (looks like dill, smells like licorice) or tarragon.
Counting the crows on the telegraph line usually took less than a second. On Wednesday, Mary couldn’t see the wire and the birds took two minutes to gauge, largely because she lost count and had to start over. On Thursday, the cable started to sag; on Friday, it collapsed the left-hand pole and sent birds scattering over the fields, murdering the docile midday quiet.
Close to 90% of all the mobile subscriptions in India are pre-paid. Which means telcos don’t really wait for the customers to pay the bills. The bills are already paid. This takes out the incentive to really know the customer. You pay, you talk. You don’t pay, then you don’t talk. All the telco loses is a lousy chip called a SIM card.
My blog has most defiantly NOT been focused on Stamping and scrapbooking. I have no interest in changing that.. changing my blog focus to exlusively papercrafting. I like to be able to blog anything my little heart desires. From attempted murders on my cat to goopy eyes to what I'm stamping. I have only once posted about stamping.
Regional Acts
And painting... that went well for a long time but it was messy. And I don't want to clean up messes. That's what my day job was for. (If you've ever been a copywriter, you know what I'm talking about.)
As the fear of witches and witchcraft increased, the Catholic Church extended its definition of witchcraft to include anyone with the knowledge of herbs. It was alleged that these people had pact with the Devil either “explicit or implicit”.
They started with 23 books last year and it's looking like double that it 2013, not to mention the Apps. Their new Frog and Penguin Apps by Emma and Barry Tranter are freestanding, that is they haven't developed out of books.
Follow other blogs! This and the next tip are what I think have probably made this blog the most successful it can be. What I have loved about blogging is the community aspect of it and the friendships I have made. Supporting other blogs by following is a great way to get people on "your team" so to say! When you decide to follow, comment and say "I'm your newest follower" so bloggers will know that you like what they're doing and support it. In turn, they'll be more likely to support you as well.
VO: Designing a women's resort line which hasn't hit the market yet!
Once I'd picked myself up, I agreed to assist as it only involved a couple of rehearsals before doing my techie thing yesterday afternoon for the performance to the children, and last night for the parents. I had to sit behind a huge bewildering mixing desk but fortunately was only required to move one slider up and down for volume, together with playing and pausing the CD player. So why was I so worried? Probably because the essence of playing music at the correct time is dependent on being given the correct cues by the actors on stage. A bit of guesswork was needed, plus some timely nods by the director, Mrs Wayman, who was also a narrator. Let's just say, the script was fairly free at times, particularly during the Queen's scenes when, quite frankly, it could have gone anywhere and frequently did.
Right now you can change the plush's body, extremities, and head shape in many different ways. You can also custom design the facial features and even add some different art work on the body (like the heart on Lauren's). All of these customizations can have many different colors too. This is where all the fun comes in. You can switch the features around, add, delete, resize them, change the colors....and just have fun with it.
.. finally I found a source we picked some up and we made some cakes (cause one shared cake canvas never works)
This year we took a trip back to Carter Mountain, just outside of Charlottesville, VA. It is a really beautiful orchard with lots and lots of variety. My favorite is Granny Smith because it's such a great baking apple with it's wonderful tartness and dense texture. It doesn't get all mushy at high temperatures.
It's not our home
The estimates for heavy drinking follow a similar pattern. When using the heaviest drinking day in the last week measure, heavy drinking is defined as exceeding twice the Government daily benchmarks on a single day: more than 8 units of alcohol on that day for men and consuming more than 6 units on that day for women. The proportion of men drinking more than 8 units on their heaviest drinking day fell from 23 per cent in 2005 to 19 per cent in 2010. The corresponding estimates for women drinking heavily (more than 6 units) were 15 per cent in 2005 and 13 per cent in 2010.
My thesis is rather that two other culprits should be brought forward: the successive holders of state power, of both left and right, and a non negligible group of intellectuals.
Furthermore, both these features are reemphasised in chapters 9-10, together with the second appearance of the Lord to Solomon, following the narrative of the building of the House of the Lord in chapters 6-8.
A guy I’ve been talking to, never sticks to his word and so when he broke another promise today that was it for me. He text me multiple times with some bullshit story and I didn’t text back at all. Until he called me. I didn’t answer, instead I just sent him a short n sweet text that said “Lose my number” …
"One of them drove with Monya to a veld nearby and took off her clothes. Then she was raped.
~Sean
I'm very concerned to learn about the planned demo by the English Defence League in Cardiff in a couple of months. The past has shown in places like Bolton that thugs are bussed in across the country to intimidate local people.
Which non-White populations do you demand be more racially “diverse” until there is “enough diversity” to blend the host population out of existence? or are you only anti-White? you only demand White geNOcide, no?
“Give me that bag!”
7:15-7:30 AM: Drive to work while trying to justify why I don't need a Starbucks... but I really really wanted one!
Now onto my purse. It’s a Merona brand from Target.
While we devotin'
Oh, Cinematography was the Wally Fister Oscar. Bless.
A human being is WHO YOU ARE, the name, the title, the professional, the citizen, the family…. the face! The needs are basic, approval, motivation, inspiration, aspiration, attention and validation. For YOU must want to be counted and accounted for!!
A trend that I’ve remarked on before is that more and more pubs, if they don’t have a strong food trade, are no longer opening at lunchtimes during the week. I recently spotted that one of my local pubs in a suburban shopping centre had started opening at 2 pm during the week, with 12 noon reserved for Saturdays and Sundays.
Ready to entertain millions in the Parade of magic are stars from music, stage, and screen who will perform for the nation at Macy’s famed red star mark on 34th Street. Stars joining the festivities this year include India Arie, Big Time Rush, Betty Buckley, Ann Hampton Callaway, the Big Apple Circus, Broadway’s Million Dollar Quartet, the cast and Muppets of Sesame Street, Miranda Cosgrove, Jimmy Fallon & The Roots, Gloriana, Michael Grimm, Arlo Guthrie, Keri Hilson, Eric Hutchinson, Juanes, Victoria Justice, Gladys Knight, Mannheim Steamroller, Kylie Minogue, Miss USA 2010 Rima Fakih, The Power Rangers Samurai, Joan and Melissa Rivers, Crystal Shawanda, Jessica Simpson and Kanye West.
And then taking it to the street.
I'm also threatening to HUG him before I let him go on the bus. Even if I don't get to hug him, it's fun threatening, just to see him change colour at the very thought....
I received the J. Crew No. 2 Pencil Skirt in Raj Paisley earlier today. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the Raj Paisley pattern. I'm a sucker for stripes and paisley. Here are 2 IRL pictures of the skirt:
Up until early this week I was part of a small niche in the electronics market: the eReader market. Last December I received a Kobo Wifi for Christmas. It’s a small device with a black-and-white screen and is only really good for reading. But I loved it. And it broke my heart when it was stolen this week.
Motorcycles give you a huge sense of freedom and invincibility. The rush of acceleration on a powerful motorcycle is insane, and very easy to get addicted to. You have to ride a motorcycle at least once in your life, but if you’re not experienced with it, do it in an empty parking lot and avoid the busy roads.
Is what my heart keeps on telling me, and I keep walking on
I think this is how some people must feel before visiting Disneyland: it's a place you kind of know, you've seen pictures and read about it and tomorrow it will all be real!
using the dark forces to shatter the Earth.
A long time ago – ages and ages it seems – I wrote a post entitled simply “A Duel,” in which I used an almost ridiculous array of colorful metaphors and imagery to attempt to portray my state of mind at the time, and use that to share a few things that I learned in the process. Reading the post now, I notice two things. First, I was trying much too hard to write a sensational blog post. Okay, some of the metaphors were nice, but after a while, it borders on ludicrous.
Cuttlebug postage stamp die
Jesus has told us what to do to defeat the enemy. We are to take care of one another out of our love for Him. We are to love Him and love one another. In this way, the enemy will be defeated forever.
improve both his completion percentage as well as learn to make better decisions with the ball and cut down on the number of
There are multiple ways in which social networking can be installed amongst organizations addressing Human Trafficking. The processes can take various forms and mechanisms depending on the existing relations on the ground. However there some of loopholes which could be used as entry points to forge relationships among organizations for counter Human Trafficking in East Africa.
Thank you to Ana Vranes in Year 5 age 10 years for creating this work of art.
It was around the time that the trees started getting shorter. I was amazed there is no wind as I had never been here in anything less than a gale force.
“It’s become more than a movie, it’s become a lesson in life as well.” The new Aung San Suu Kyi film premiered this week. http://nyti.ms/uZBBou
The Twinkle Brothers: Miss Labba Labba
To be in with a chance to win one of these gifts all you need to do is leave a comment on this post, that will count as 1 entry. You can then get additional entries by:
When I go back through my old Rowan magazines I am still drawn to the garments designed by Kim.
A Dark Kiss of Rapture is part of a new series, Renegade Angels, which I am looking forward to reading. It offers a glimpse at the conflict between the Fallen who were transformed into vampires upon their fall, the Angels, and the Lycans who assist the Angels in keeping the vampires under control. While it could stand to be a bit longer, there was enough background given on Raze and Kim to bait the hook and lure the reader in. Their relationship initially was to only be a brief fling, but it quickly developed into much more. Unfortunately, we were left with Raze and Kim contemplating a long-distance relationship which hopefully will be explored more in the rest of the series.
Now I am nervous. She has had three surgeries prior to this one but it still does not get any easier. I would just have to pray that everything goes well and try and keep it together emotionally. And that is what we did.
“The lack of controls in such a large GLC is nothing less than shocking,” the report stated.
~ Thich Nhat Hanh
That was one mighty hurricane for me to endure.
What are you waiting for? You can enjoy all of these wonderful benefits without the headache of contracts and credit checks. And no unwanted telephone bills at the end of the month!
I am also entering the card into:
Author: D. H. Lawrence
raising taxes on millionaires
The process of computerisation and laying of communication lines at the ICP is underway and will take some time. Similarly, banking facilities are yet to take shape. Traders and porters lament that the labour charges have reduced even though the volume of trade has increased. “We are being paid Rs 1,600 per truckload of tomatoes as against Rs 2,070 paid earlier,” a porter said.
“Rey is one of the greatest modern players of the metal-bodied resonator guitar.”
In spite of traditions of high educational qualifications, many feign ignorance of the constitutional laws; rather they do not want to understand them because of their vested interests. In spite of glaring atrocities against Dalits, they are reluctant to share with them positions their families have been holding for ages. Complicity of the state makes situation worse, allowing crime against Dalits continue. Equality remains on paper.
I couldn’t believe that I would get a chance to see an angel tonight. In a crowded parking place on a Saturday night. But this man was truly an angel God sent to watch over me.
I must write that I approached with book with trepidation. The Shadow over Innsmouth is one of my favorite Lovecraft tales and I find the concepts and themes explored in the story both alluring and repulsive. Yet the power of the story is in its mystery and I had two concerns for the supplement: How would the town stand up to the harsh scrutiny a detailed supplement would put it under and could it retain its secrets when it was likely that the players themselves knew what went on in the shadows of Innsmouth? I had my suspicions that it would fail on both these accounts. But let’s see for ourselves, shall we?
Baclofen has substantially reduced my social anxiety and as a result I barely took a few sips of wine. Before Baclofen I would be trying my hardest not to drink the wine quickly, but failing, and would be conscious all the time of the speed of my drinking compared to others.
“That’s bad comedy. Well, not bad. But not the best.
The losses and damages characteristic of our present economy cannot be stopped, let alone restored, by “liberal” or “conservative” tweakings of corporate industrialism, against which the ancient imperatives of good care, homemaking, and frugality can have no standing. The possibility of authentic correction comes, I think, from two already-evident causes. The first is scarcity and other serious problems arising from industrial abuses of the land-community. The goods of nature so far have been taken for granted and, especially in America, assumed to be limitless, but their diminishment, sooner or later unignorable, will enforce change.
Complete Diaphragmatic Exhalations
Davie is Catholic; he believes in miracles and the miraculous and this story is set at a time when one may start to question those beliefs. Enter Stephen, with proof of miracles; proof of good and evil. And Davie believes; believes in Stephen's power, even when he sees Stephen create and destroy and treat people like toys. Believes because he sees these things.
Huffman says that in 1894 more than one-fourth of the colored births in the city of Washington were illegitimate. Many prominent Negroes admit that above ninety per cent of both sexes are unchaste. A negro may be a pillar in the church and at the same time the father of a dozen illegitimate children by as many mothers. (W.H. Collins, 1918)
(18) Luke 12:12
Traditions are neither good, nor bad. They are practices, and just like others, may or may not work for you. Foreign-borns like me can benefit from a different perspective that does seem to offer some comfort. The Immigrant Advantage invites us to be more accepting of our traditions and be a part of a ‘tossed salad’ culture, instead of wanting to melt into a homogenous, American melting pot. Towards the end of the book, Kolker writes of a research project focused on adolescents in immigrant families.
I colored him using Copics (E40, E41, E42, E43, E44, E30, E31 for the feathers - C9, C7, C5, C3, C1, C00 for his grad hat - reds R39, R37, R35, R14, R12 and YR30, YR31, YR21 for his eyes) and used a Prisma pencil (non-photo blue) for the outline and underneath his feet (french grey 90%).
So, we decided to participate in this effort. We made a video to show how easy (and fun) it is make a batch of cookies to donate.
Teenagers
All of us here know that the writing life is a difficult one. Will it pay ever? Who knows. It’s a very real possibility that it will not. Yet, I can’t help doing it. I can’t help getting up everyday and getting lost in my thoughts and pounding on my keys in a passionate desire to just communicate. I want to reach you as I tease out just what in the heck is going on in my own mind. I also think I do it because it’s mine. “Forever, mine!” I scream like an 8 year old who just made a prize-winning cake in her Easy Bake Oven.
Heck. Even if Ulysses Grant got elected president under his original first name, Hiram, he'd still be the only Simon. No Harolds or Harveys.
Anti-authoritarians question whether an authority is a legitimate one before taking that authority seriously. Evaluating the legitimacy of authorities includes assessing whether or not authorities actually know what they are talking about, are honest, and care about those people who are respecting their authority. And when anti-authoritarians assess an authority to be illegitimate, they challenge and resist that authority—sometimes aggressively and sometimes passive-aggressively, sometimes wisely and sometimes not.
Golden Valley Brewery
The plaque had written on it,"To Enigma , my life and my Love, Happy Birthday, from Dean."
Lost and Lonely Feeling
9 years ago when we were first married, I fell in love with a gray sofa. But, $500 was way too much, so we got a half sectional, gray corduroy for $86 on clearance from an actual furniture store. I loved that couch... but since it only had one arm, the cushions always slid off the other side. Ever since then, we have had one couch dilemma after another. Always from garage sales, hand me downs... at one point, we were using a bundt pan and kettle to sturdy the broken legs of a very awful sunny yellow floral monstrosity.
I also did an experiment like this on Voices.com, but you’ll have to wait until next week to hear about it.
I am struggling with posting photos up at the moment as, in about October, I got myself an Apple MacBook Pro! I love it, and it's super powers, but am still not au fait with how to work the blimmin' thing! We have a book on it, and one of my Chrissy pressies is a course in March on 'Photoshop for the Mac' which I am really looking forwards to.
Robert J. Wojciechowski Hired: 12/1/86 Age: 46 2 day suspension – Lack of self initiated activity, failure to have GPS repaired, about 4 instances of idling.
BLITZER: Let me let Congressman Paul…
Prabhupada: Oh, our Nitai? Oh.
Now, I’m not a fan of the system that is in place. Nor am I happy with the way the sport is going about its attempt to change it – but that’s for a different discussion, one that I will have in the very near future. Whatever system is in place however, needs to have buy in from all concerned – athletes, coaches, media and fans – because perception is reality to the masses whether it is reality or not. And currently the perception of track and field is that tremendous performances are the result of outside forces as much as they are from good old fashioned hard work – because too many athletes that have had great performances have been found to have supplemented that hard work with something else!
Time seems to be galloping along with all of the fervour of the horses participating in the Fête des Gardians. I keep shaking my head in disbelief that we are at the beginning of Month Five of 2012 but here we are with a holiday to prove it. I try not to repeat myself (even if I don't always succeed!) so I will let my newer readers take a look at my previous entry about this holiday if they feel so inclined: May day! May Day!
Both tendencies described above exist in Heavy Metal music. I'd go as far as to say that the most successful examples of Heavy Metal music are found in bands that straddle the space between these two impulses: to build and to destroy. They make music to be enjoyed, but not to be enjoyed too much. They make music that suggests, but doesn't make itself a slave to suggestion. Heavy Metal failure is often the inability to keep this balance. Some of it is strongly classicist in its self-considered place in musical history. It draws directly from past sources with reverence and docility. There is nothing extreme in an Iron Maiden clone band in 2011, nothing startling, nothing to crush the distance of the disaffected consumer. Those that appreciate it do so because it reminds them of something that once was startling and strong. That's as much as they need from this music anymore. Other is so bent on extremity and destruction that it forgets that to ensnare a listener there needs to be a promise of enjoyment on the surface. In either case, there seems to be a market for the debris of this friction between extremes.
Even though its an issue of extreme importance for the good of the economy and the liberty of the citizenry, most people simply don’t care.
Then he goes on indecently swearing ” Ka ni na.. ” multiple times..
If there is any doubt, of the organization's purpose, here are two quotes from the founder:
Here we come…
I saw this on Yahoo, April 30 1945 was when a great evil committed suicide rather than be captured by the Soviet troops that were closing in on the Reichtag and the Chancellor building. The German garrison at Berlin were contesting every block with the Soviets but there were more Soviets with combat training and far fewer Germans, the Germans fought with fanaticism born of fear and desperation, the Soviet reprisals against the German civilians were well documented when German troops earlier had recaptured some German territory in Vistula, the gang rape and executions were documented by photo's and survivor eye witnesses. The German troops fought to buy time for the civilians to escape and of the false hope of all the wonder weapons and reinforcements that were promised by Geobbels the propaganda minister. For more information on the battle of Berlin or Gotterdammerung as the surviving Germans called it.
David Bowie & Queen Under pressure UK
The FIA’s response was a technical directive, coded TD35. It’s not surprising that it confirmed such an splitter would not be legal. But, crucially the FIA confirmed that they reserve the right to alter the test to ensure the deflection test procedure isn’t being exploited. Therefore future scrutineering checks, may well include an inspection of the splitters mounting and conducting the deflection test with the cars weight bearing down at different points, rather than sat flat on top of its plank.
All in all, life in South Carolina is great so far! The weather is hot, but it's been a really hot summer everywhere this year, so I can't really complain. I really like the area a lot, and am excited to get to know it better. Once the weather cools down, I'm looking forward to having lots of visitors, y'all are welcome anytime!! :)
stock (6 cups, vegetable or chicken)
which she’ll do anyway when she reads this.
First go to the command room and accept the field op by clicking on the yellow screen here is what G is ordering you to do:
It's still a work in progress, since I just started this school year. I want to continue it, since I do think it's valuable for the students and families who participate, but I wish I could figure out a way to get more involvement. I'd love to individualize it more to each student's needs and goals, but that's kind of not worth it to me with such low participation. I don't know...I'd love to hear ideas, especially from teachers who can't require homework and/or who have lower-functioning students.
So I came up with this idea. The first person who comments (who wants one) I will paint a watercolour portrait for them for free in exchange for using it as an example on my shop. Sound good?
Hi everyone! A word of thanks to everyone for playing - I know this sketch was bit tougher but that's why it's a challenge and you all did magnificently! I also want to thank Kim & Bobbi of Raisin Boat for sponsoring. So happy have them part of the TMS family.
LOVE hubby but he certainly does need all the help he can get with gift purchasing. I know in years to come it will only get easier as the little boys grow up and remind him it's my birthday soon or Mother's day is on the horizon.
There are three pieces including a quasi-night-stand. Not the one on top the tall dresser, but stashed up front. The lovely table on top is also waiting for a paint job.
Then we ended our evening with a little white elephant giftage. (A good point was brought up, why white elephant?) Then we all traveled home. We have the greatest friends of all time! Love you guys!
It’s easy to jump to the conclusion that every download is a lost sale and this will cost writers and publishers a fortune, perhaps our livelihoods. But it’s impossible to tell how many people downloading pirate e-copies would otherwise buy a paper book, and that’s the figure that really represents lost sales. Many would never read the book if they could only get it by paying for it. It’s not clear yet whether piracy will cost more sales than borrowing books from friends or libraries, or looking through them in bookshops. Not everyone wants to read a novel on screen and in some cases Scribd may even boost sales, if the reader gives up and orders the book from Amazon instead. But as people become more willing to read books on screen (computer, phone, whatever), the licit and illicit will come closer together. The longer publishers resist producing their own e-books, the more likely a book is to be pirated; not wanting to ‘do’ e-books may not be an option. The transition period, as a new model of reading, paying for and distributing books emerges, is likely to be a rocky ride for publishers and writers.
3. Intergalactic dada & Space trombones 09:46
When, with Death Eaters gathering round
That wavelike roller coaster of life energy I’m trying to ride bears lots of resemblance to the rhythms and melodic variances I hear in Joni Mitchell‘s Blue. And how easily that song helps tempering the stress that sometimes comes with that crowd of life!
All work here was imported into LightRoom and then more extensive processing done in Photoshop CS4. The intent was to have a somewhat old retro look with warm creamy tones.
A hug is, "Welcome back again,"
Yesterday we spent New Years at Downtown Disney to celebrate, and since it was my sister's birthday. Super fun, but, you know, super-busy.
While I will be the first to admit the big spending, multi-cult, people of power have done an amazing job of dragging this social engineering economic mess out long after I thought the chickens would come home to roost I also think that time is rapidly catching up to them.
But most of all I don’t want them to realize what my worry means.
School spokesperson Melodi Kirsch added: 'We are confident that the school will be a great success.
I have one last Maui post to share, and then I will be officially caught up on Hawaii!
I don’t blame her. There’s no way she could have known. The Minotaur was my little secret.
£ 2 within UK
This friend is a perfectionist. A tiny little package of well organized beauty. A svelte size 8 with clear skin and glowing hair who when I’m near I feel like the ugly step sister in a fairy tale. She makes no comment about our differences, in fact she seeks me out as a fashion advisor. Yet when I am with her I am constantly judging myself and feeling uncomfortable in my own skin, something I work hard to avoid in general.
However,a deeper look into why Yelp was leaps and bounds ahead of similar sites like Chowhounds or Urbanspoon was because they had a community. They built communities after there was enough momentum by hiring an official community manager (to keep the peace and to put on parties) and started the Elite badging system. Having been in two separate Yelp communities (Houston and Austin) and attending a Yelp Elite event in San Francisco, I could easily see that each community has a distinct demographic, personality, and dynamics. You might have remembered my post about the destruction of the Austin Yelp Community by de-eliting Michelle C. Since then, the communities have worsened in my opinion. Long-time users began to fade away, the speed of reviews posted seemed to slow, and the talk threads because much less active. During the 2011 eliting week, threads like this one and this one brought about heated conversations. Anyone who crossed Yelp, created problems for Yelp, or voiced their opinions louder than Yelp did not have their elite status renewed.
“Dugdall proves to be a smart new voice in the crime fiction genre”
Some cynics (like me) would wonder if the nonchalant, Datuk Raja Nong Chik’s name change proposal is to boost the attractiveness of approved developments in Bukit Gasing area so as to disassociate current concerns about the lack of urgency by Federal Territory Ministry and DBKL interest in preserving the last potential green lung for Kuala Lumpur. There may be environmentally conscious investors that could be put off?
Within a week:
“Two servings of broccoli equal one serving of potatoes. Now, what happens when we add a piece of toast?”
1T Worcestershire sauce
Enjoy..
Peach Ambit 1:12:011
“Of course,” the leader of the opposition responded, “I’m selling it to her.”
Mother shrugs.
I give Jacko a loving wink -
1. Adam did not know how weak he was apart from God
To destroy the house
To Sikhs, God has no gender. He is neither male nor female. Furthermore, Sikhism teaches that God is Nirankar (‘Niran’ meaning without and ‘kar’ meaning form). Of course, to most non-Muslims, and also to most Muslims, Allah has a very male character – or, at the least, his manly and masculine characteristics are stressed and also seen as important. His is a being of rage, anger, jealousy, aggression; and he demands absolute and total obedience. Of course, theological Islam also teaches that Allah is without form and cannot be fully known.
There is a dreamlike aspect to these stories: mysterious phonecalls are received in which the unidentified caller, a disembodied voice in the night, makes cryptic statements. Or a dying man gives a vague description that has to be unravelled. These events seem to parallel Erlendur’s attempts to decipher his own dreams in which he half remembers the events surrounding his brother’s death.
And from his not-so-lofty perch, he is working to distract the public from Obama’s utter failure by asserting that Republican candidate Mitt Romney would never have okayed the bin Laden kill. Their basis for this assertion is a statement Romney made on the campaign trail in 2007. And it’s important to note it’s a statement they’re taking out of context in order to suit their intentions:
This is another worrying sign for me from this publisher. There are a number of publishers offering author solutions who quote such lists as the above. These lists are usually inaccurate and misleading and many of these ‘self-publishing’ myths have long been debunked. I referred in a previous article review to the idea of some companies selling the ‘dream rather than the book’, well, posting this kind of list as a way to pull authors into your service is one example of this.
In a similar way, we need to obey God and what He has set forward to us in the bible. We need to love our God with all our heart, soul and mind even when we’re hurting. We need to love our neighbour as ourselves even when we feel it should be the other way around. We need to pray, and go to church and be in community even when we feel like we don’t.
The eyeshadows stayed all day and didn't budge one bit!
So locked down below, a couple hundred feet or so under the walking feet of the evening dinner crowd, a man or woman could drown and die. No one would know nor would anyone probably find their bodies for a while.
The baby Earth and her siblings, Mercury, Venus and Mars, must have passed some threshold in their formation, picking up enough matter to be stable, so that further collisions caused them to accumulate material rather than being broken up. Eventually, they swept up everything, entirely clearing the inner system.
- It's all in the eyes.
The entire financial mess the world is in will now prove to be a mirage that we, the innocent taxpayer, have been led to believe in….
So i'm talking and he gets annoyed and I keep talking then he gets even more annoyed and you guessed by the time i was done talking we were both mad. I marched right thrue the warnings and the looks and the louder warnings and the meaner looks.. I marched right into the troops. When i was done talking I sat my smart mouth down in the chair after throwing out a word (a word that I honestly cannot remember).. I sat my happy but down at the computer and had the final word or did I??
Let me say right off, I really enjoyed the recent Jonah Hex series. Some issues knocked it out of the park but there were a few stumbles as well. Overall, the run was good and a worthy addition to the character. At one point there was talk of a story where Jonah ran into a family that would eventually birth Harvey Dent. At the time I was somewhat livid about the whole idea since I felt that Jonah was 'outside' the DCU.
Just outside the entrance, I conversed with one of the employees. This gentleman was very friendly and most informative about the theme park. Whilst we were talking, the monorail glided by. Of course, I couldn't resist saying, 'do you know where the monorail came from?' To which he replied, 'ah yes, it came all the way from Vancouver and I was trained up by the Canadian engineers to maintain it and drive it. That was way back in 1987.' So after a bit more talk about the monorail and the theme park in general, this employee mentioned that he had been at, 'Alton Towers for twenty five years...' To which I replied, 'well, you really should go home, then.' He laughed and I laughed.
She then took the nightstick and in one sharp, quick upward motion undid the two snaps holding closed Olivia’s jumpsuit. Olivia’s breathing became so heavy you could hear every breath. Pam started to tease Olivia with the nightstick. First she started stroking her cheek with it, then on down to her breasts. Pam got off the desk and walked around behind Olivia’s chair.
10. place on inside of baggie
Biz $1.50/1
Mike: I think it’s that guy that used to be on Grey’s Anatomy.
To see a woman from a remote village in Kazakhstan communicate with a woman from a big city in America reaffirms how small the world is in which we live. Not only did I know exactly what she wanted, but she understood my response and acknowledged her gratitude.
**** IF YOU ARE A PERSON UNDER THE AGE OF 18 OR 21 OR 35, READ THIS!!! ****
You guys, do you hear the crickets? I have become awful at updating this place here but, I have not stopped recording our daily doings. I have just been doing it on Instagram. I love, love, love it.
Chet Atkins & Jerry Reed: Cajun Stripper
Acceptance – I can’t even see myself accepting what I’ve done as being appropriate so we’ll see how that works out.
15/08 20:15 M Shot Put Final
Having a fire engine with a full complement of firefighters in the driveway is reassuring when there is a fugitive in the woods. Being protected in our sleep by so many law enforcement and emergency workers makes me feel secure. Knowing that police patrol cars, helicopters, search dogs, firefighters, and ambulance drivers know where I live is comforting when one lives at the end of a gravel road in the Hereford Zone.
For years the Arab world has been shrouded in secrecy, in dictatorship in a world where true freedom and true justice was unheard of (not that these values apply perfectly elsewhere but some have it better for sure), but i guess you can only push someone that much, everything will come to an end one day and tyranny will never remain permenant , good must overthrow evil at some point. After our brothers and sisters in Tunisia proved that peoples power in the arab world is not impossible then people decided they will have change and demand change and in true 3arabi style not give up until change is received.
Off late I get high when I talk to him. The same HAPPY IN MY SENSES HIGH. Like always, like nothing's ever changed.
It can spend a week in the cellar before I'll sell it - 2 days cooling off, rack and vent it, the following day tap it, and check it twice a day after that. Sometimes 4 or even 5 days to condition fully! It'll then go on sale, being hard-pegged every evening and soft-pegged every morning before service. In the middle of winter I once got my timing horribly wrong and had a firkin which had been on sale for 5 days. Day 6 I checked it, as I do every day, and found there to be nothing wrong with it. At lunch, one of the locals came and found me in the office.
A couple of thoughts -
freezes real well
‘Femi Asu
One of the 2012 goals for the PowerDNS Recursor is to become the DNS resolver with the best perceived experience for the end-users. This means not so much the highest performance (in terms of hundreds of thousands of queries/second, the usual metric), but in terms of getting the best answer to the user within the shortest amount of time.
(f) often comments on blogs prior to finishing entire entry and/or accompanying comments
My stay of lazy days included a 4th of July weekend and pretty soon it was time for me to return to work. Back to Cleveland and then I was off again in the team van, towing the trailer full of racing supplies, heading to Boise, Idaho, then Bend, Oregon.
TRAINSPOTTING (John Hodge)
It was ironic that the trust that inherited his life’s work, a conservative Christian boor named Frederick Tatham, burned most of his work as it was deemed too heretical to remain. Too blasphemous to exist. When he thought about the fact that Blake was only famous for the remainder of his profoundly philosophical work, he wondered what jewels were lost in Tatham’s fires. Despite Blake’s claim that the soul of everything is immortal in time, so much of what he wrote and painted was as mortal as he was.
And to follow his passion, his bliss.
10. Tater Fucking Tots.
For my misdeed I must pay
Graham Gallant (drums) (left 1983 to Straight Cuts) replaced by Perry Leach (later Dream Theatre).
A theory in psychology, borrowed from ancient Buddhist wisdom, suggests that suffering and struggle can be realized as assumed AND impermanent. Once this notion is understood, we can integrate it as is: a surrendering.
Here is an update on the bedroom. Remember when I was having trouble with sticky paint? I thought that putting a coat of Varathane might help. I was wrong! I have one more thing to try, then I will officially cry. I'll keep you posted. Thank you to all of you for your tips and empathy:)
Now, I’m not getting down on photographers, here. I appreciate photography as an art form, and support the use of photo editing to perfect a photograph. Using editing software to create light continuity, which can create a more even skin tone, or to enhance the richness of color, which can make the color of the model’s eyes seem brighter, those are things that help the photographer create a professional looking image. What’s unneccessary is using airbrushing to whittle away or enhance body parts, erase the natural lines of a face, and to create an image that is, simply put, a lie.
Caleb and I went to dinner at his parents’ house last night, and I got to spend lots of time with my new family. There has been a tangible change there, a dramatic improvement that I will only say is God acting in ways that I have been pleading for months to happen, and I. am. stoked. I don’t think life is supposed to be super-easy, or that we won’t have to work at the adjustments that have taken place in such a short period of time, but lets just say things were not at all how I thought they would be and though they are still not what I thought they would be (and if we’re honest, they never are), they are getting so good. I was really excited about it last night, and I got to talk to Caleb about the changes I see and feel and how freaking amazing I think it is that this is happening. Then we get ready for bed and I’m getting sleepy and he turns to me and says that by the way, he talked to his dad about maybe working with him. It’d be from 2 am to 10 am six days a week and the money would be great.
Whisper it to me
It smells like a Christmas Pudding, it tastes just like one too!
California Home and Design Magazine, Designer Jay Jeffers, Photographer Mathew Millman.
May 2 – Aug. 27, 2011
Though the A’s failed to make much noise in the playoffs that year (losing a first-round series to the equally small-market Twins, 3-2), the team continued to show that despite a high payroll, it could be successful.
Allergies, a defense mechanism mounted by the immune system, were on the march. Several sources estimated that allergies had doubled or tripled in the past 20 years, and that included only those easiest to count, like the relatively benign hay fever or the lethal anaphylaxis.
As I mentioned in my last post, I haven't been placing a lot of emphasis on grades, and I haven't been formally tracking and recording them. She hasn't been getting a report card.... until now.
Each time I “find” it again.
After I had a good collection of ideas on paper, I stepped back to decide which sconce to tackle first. The idea that appealed to me the most was a 3 candle wall sconce with antlers on each end of the sconce. Now to find the materials. I selected a couple pieces of wood that I thought would make a nice sconce face and shelf, and then I looked through my collection of antlers and found an interesting, smaller rack that I decided to cut apart to mount to each end of the sconce. After cutting the wood to the appropriate sizes, I began the work of sanding the pieces to a smooth, even surface. I used a combination of my power orbital sander and careful hand sanding to make those pieces as soft and smooth as a baby’s bottom, which took a considerable amount of time and effort. Still loving the burned edge look, I used my trusty torch to carefully burn all 4 edges of the sconce face and the 3 visible edges of the shelf. The next step was to decide how I wanted to have the candles sit on the shelf. I came to the realization that I wanted the candle holders to sit in recessed holes on the top of the shelf to prevent them from shifting or falling. This required a couple more purchases. First, I had to find the candle holders that I wanted to use. I ended up choosing smoky colored, tea light holders because I thought they would match the burned edges of the wood and pull the piece together. I decided to also get some of the battery operated, flameless tea lights because I didn’t want to have to worry about fire hazards with open flames near varnished wood. Better safe than sorry. After buying the candle holders and candles, I had to buy a set of drill bits to make the depressions in the shelf. I ended up getting a set of bits ranging from 1/4″-2 1/8″ so I would have the bits to make many different sized holes for this project and projects of the future. Plus, I got 10 bits for about double what 1 2″ bit would’ve cost me. Good deal.
Today she asked for some help with another wedding she has to make a toast at on the weekend. Her friends who are getting married in Vegas, (my personal dream wedding location...so fun!) asked her to speak and so she asked me for help with ideas.
When anyone else would quickly and easily produce a birth certificate, this man has spent over a million dollars to deny access to his. Most other documents, the paper trail we all leave in our wake, have been sequestered from review. He has lived a make-believe life whose true facts remain hidden.
I try to make sure that I get cards I make mailed on time so I decided to share my little system with you all. I've already posted pictures of my MAIL BASKET which has 12 dividers for every month of the year. Each divider shows everyone's Birthday or special holiday for that month. This way if I make cards in advance I can just plop them in my basket wherever they go and they don't get lost!
As mentioned above, Lovecraft's writing style and use of language is often purposefully dated, but here it seems even more antiquated than elsewhere, almost to the point of distraction. For example:
Funny old weather we’re having in the UK at the moment. Most of us in the SouthEast of England are subject to a ban on using hosepipes, yet the ground is so soggy that I half expect to take my socks off at the end of the day and find I have webbed feet.
YUMMY FACTOR
form a coherent passage
uncertainty, little idea of how to predict the future. Many people have developed
Duracell $0.75/1
By mile 9, I had eaten about 6 glucose tabs and 10 oz of Gatorade from my fuel belt. I also ate a tasty vanilla Clif shot at that point. We reached mile 10, and I felt some amount of distress, thinking about how I’d never run further than 10 before. But we just kept on going and going. Around mile 12, we were confronted with a significant incline. I couldn’t see the end of it, and it looked like we had to run uphill until the end. For the first time, I questioned my legs and not my blood sugar. I thought about keeping my strides shorter and tried to focus on all of the people on the sidewalks cheering for us.
The cast of characters seem to be richly developed in my opinion and with so many distinct personalities to write, that is a rare feat for an author of late. So many YA characters just seem to have about as much depth as a puddle. These characters are richly written and of a depth and forethought on the authors part that I have not encountered since… erm… well for a long assed time.
Dissenting voices may have been drowned out through the tense adulation of the mother of all title races but they must surely still exist and it will be interesting to see if the green and gold scarves return to Old Trafford over the coming months.
Gertrude Hoffman certainly put her performers through the ropes. We are lucky to have in our collection several fascinating images from the troupe’s rehearsals in 1938. Here you can see Hoffman herself (in a sweater and braids) intervening to arrange her dances poses just so, and stepping in herself at times to demonstrate the technique she demanded of her girls.
Those who do stay are little better than Moonies who adopt the mantra of management and become nothing more than automatons spitting back the propaganda that they realize guarantees their advancement in the firm. A highly political firm where being in favor with those who hold the reigns of power insures a clear shot up the ladder of ownership. Piss on the wrong parade and you might as well kiss off any chance for advancement. It was the first firm where I learned that no matter how good you are there are limitations to what can be done within a firm so constrained by its “culture”.
Noisy orphan lambs…
We will try and post informative guides to troubleshooting your systems, setting up your ADSL and just helping you get the most out of your service.
Hello! My name is Pamela and I am one of the gals who works for Thea at Thea's Interiors. I am here one day a week and have a great time helping customers, rearranging small displays and dusting, dusting, dusting! The rest of the time, I am a stay at home mother, lover of art and design, avid traveler and gardener. I also love to do projects around the house like sprucing up an orphan piece of furniture found at Goodwill! I"ll be joining Thea in posting once a week.
but the food was good, the company was good and eventually, the kids were good! just another wild night at the hellhole.
The fire was fully extinguished by 9 a.m. Amazingly, aside from the cupola, bell and clock, the structure was not too badly hurt. Most of the damage at that point was from the gallons of water poured over the flames. “The place had been flooded,” the Eagle wrote.
First class and second class citizens of any nation
I still feel calm and peaceful, better than I have for years. Telling him to back off and respect my boundaries, and telling him how I truly feel was the missing link in my healing process.
Here's hoping this band is good, but won't be surprised if they blow. I can't find a clip of them, but I can't wait.
7. He loves the water and sings when we get near the lake. (He’s a little tone deaf though…)
MUSIC STICKS WITH YOU.
Would you like some bacon for that egg on your face?
But Russell’s real interest seems not to be a sympathetic portrayal of the bottom third of American society, but in the masculine relationships in the film. Micky’s relationship with Charlene is sped through with as much haste as possible so as to return to the meatier conflict of masculine forces. These forces include Melissa Leo’s Alice Ward, who cuts an incredibly masculine figure, her blonde bouffant and platform heels notwithstanding (her husband, George, is made into a feminine foil to his wife). But even Alice is brushed aside at the end of the film in order to focus on the Micky/Dicky pairing. Their triumph in the ring is also a triumph over feminine forces, literally relegated to the sidelines, and it is these forces that are most closely identified with the working-class origins of the hero. For the story of a triumphant underdog, The Fighter definitely seeks to separate its protagonist as much as possible from the environment that created him.
LIMITED TIME SPECIAL OFFER: Only $2.99 (normally $3.99) as part of my Winter Warmers deal - offer ends 15th January 2012. Find out more about the offer and where it is available.
Romans 13:9
The best indication of how much we truly care about America is how we spend our time. How can change occur if we care more about watching our favorite TV shows than we do about taking action to help heal our country? Very few of us are part of the solution and we are all guilty of complacency.
Why does the way of the wicked prosper?
While my precious bunnies were drying I started glueing moss all over my foam "shelf". I know alot of people say to use spray adhesive with their moss projects but I think the moss starts shedding when I used it so I use my trusty glue gun and I know that moss is staying where it needs to stay!
But we will know the revolution has truly begun when men in men’s clothing make these same confessions, and not for a pat on the back, but because they want to acknowledge that to shut off half of their lives is to die in slow, painful increments. Regardless of whether you are a parent or not, if you are not being recompensed for work after your ‘day’ is done you probably should not be there. You have other things to do, you have a life.
Passionate about supporting students & teachers, lifelong learner, instructional coach, enjoys technology integration, collaborating with others, reading, advocating for ELL and special needs students, and facilitating professional learning. I'm a licensed administrator seeking elementary principal position (preferably in Iowa).
I have heard that a few folks have, in recent years, produced 1 bore rifles as stunts; but I don't think anyone ever actually made them to go after game in Africa... In fact, with a 1 pound projectile at around 1200 feet per second, producing 23,000 ftlbs of energy; when fired from a 20lb gun, I'm pretty sure you couldn't fire one from the shoulder without actually doing damage to yourself. The recoil energy and impulse of such a weapon would be enough to tear your shoulder out of its socket.
1/2 C. canola oil
Baldrick: "Yes sir"
“What they understand from the animal studies so far, is that as your brain develops it normally goes through a process where some of the nerve cells die,” Warner said. ”In order for new connections to be made, old connections need to be abolished. What appears to be happening in these animals is that exposure to anesthesia accelerates this process of nerves dying – dying prematurely appears to interfere with some of the connections that need to be made that are important for learning and memory.”
Like I said in an earlier post I picked up zinger fabric for my red and white quilt and hopefully it will make its way to the laundry room to be pre-washed soon. I typically don't pre-washed my fabrics but have for all the fabrics in this quilt so am going to for this one too. As this quilt has a deadline I should be working on it, but its not working out that way.
The fastest way to fix this mess is to see tens of millions of homeowners default on their mortgages and other debts, and millions more file for bankruptcy.
Since we’ve broken up, my interpretation of his dream has changed.
Southern Belle Spy Story
Grace just moved to San Francisco and is excited to start over at a new school. The change is full of fresh possibilities, but it’s also a tiny bit scary. It gets scarier when a minotaur walks in the door. And even more shocking when a girl who looks just like her shows up to fight the monster.
Politicians will be able to put the tablet computers on expenses if they give up one of their old pieces of computer kit in return.
Well her words (paraphrasing here – I’m allowed to …I’m a writer) were that she thought the deeper exploration of the protagonists character was great, wanted to see more about his addiction, and loved the ending. Having said that she then told me to cut it from a short novel of 61 000 words to a short story of around 5000.
Perhaps one day I’ll write an adult book. Or a middle grade book. For now, though, my true love is YA.
17. fly
If you’ve never been rendered incapacitated with uncontrollable hysteria because of watching Bob Mortimer on TV, then you are probably dead. Even the most stoney hearted nun and/or Nurse Ratchett couldn’t suppress a smirk when he totally corpses on television and starts laughing himself. It’s utterly joyous. Oh god, I’ve almost peed myself on numerous occasions watching him. I love his amiability; and his wonderfully weird humour; and his warmth; and his cute little face. Physically reminiscent of a cross between Billy Casper from Kes and Martin Freeman, Bob is wholly approachable. Which makes him wholly sexy. He is so deserving of his place on this pathetic and seedy little blog that I kind of wanna start a new one just about him.
“Didn’t I tell you my life story?” Abelle asked rhetorically. “No, you were ever so eager to get me in bed. Oh well, see if you had thought to ask I would have explained that my loving granny was a voodoo high priestess and that while I was born and raised in Houston, Texas and do have a PhD in organic chemistry I sort of took up granny’s work after she passed on.”
This morning I was woken by the sounds of pitter patter and then some grunting. Hummmm....... I barely open my eyes to see Zane my nearly 3 yrs old son, piling 4 of his blankets up in a little mound. He was not aware I was watching him. Then he carefully places his Tigger on top of the mound then quickly crawls off the bed the runs to the other room.
a) Adolf Hitler
That’s what Joe was talking about – blood, death and rebirth. Obviously, a heavy duty Catholic upbringing. Jesus - you die on the cross and are reborn something greater than yourself. Joe’s fantasy is to be killed by a real man so that somehow he might be reborn as a man.
feel free to stop by!
A few weeks into the term and we are starting to see some patterns form. Our teacher (the school has decided upon one) likes to mix up a grammar structure and a vocab set. Last week was learning the -te form with permission. So we asked lots of questions along the lines of “Can I do this?” Vocab was about staying in a “ryokan”, a traditional Japanese inn. Enough of the class (3 of 4) had visited Japan so the exercise didn’t require too much of a leap of imagination.
I have my clean apron ironed and ready to go for tomorrow! My cookie dough is getting cold overnight in the refrigerator......ready to be rolled out tomorrow and made into delicious Christmas cookies (I hope and pray!). I will post pictures after they are done.
What about melon growers - any advice for us? We want to do our best to get it right this year.
I love fantasy. I have many fantasy novels waiting for me to give them attention (and clamouring for it). I remain a high fantasy writer.
Today, I will be writing about my favorite TV shows. I don’t get to watch a lot of TV so when I do, I make sure it’s one of these.
Schumer: you’re welcome you stupid bint
Significant amounts of travel both for work and pleasure meant I was often away from my house, sometimes for a month at a time. My friends cheerfully (at least I think it was mostly cheerfully!) checked on my house, watered the plants, fed the cat, and took in the mail and newspaper.
This year’s theme for Visual communication practice and Critical writing is: DEBT. Participants will respond with their work to three carefully chosen texts:
- SPED is federally funded. Services are paid for by a separate budget within the district, money which comes from the federal government, authorized by the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 2004.
Friday night was spent at home, thank goodness. I was supposed to make chicken enchiladas and amaretto dip for SIL's lingerie shower, but the pesky migraine I'd had since Thursday morning had me in bed the moment I got home from work. Hubby was such a doll and made the enchiladas and dip for me. Gotta love him!
reengineer
Inside most of the furniture is covered with white sheets. Those that aren’t covered are coated with a thick layer of dust and dead insects. The screens in the windows look brittle to the touch, and the walls are covered with cheap plywood paneling. There are two bedrooms, a modest-sized kitchen with lime green linoleum, one bathroom. The living room is large and rectangular, situated at the front of the house. There’s a fireplace in the far corner. I walk through and toss my bag on the bed of the smaller room. There is a huge faded poster of a football player wearing a bright orange uniform. He’s in the middle of throwing a pass, and it looks like he’s about to get crushed by a massive man in
3. The body broken for us
Sandra Kolstad is a young woman who will release her debut album, Crux, in the spring. There's already quite a buzz around her here in Norway and this summer she'll play one of our biggest festivals, Øya. Her music is characteristic, peculiar electro-pop with a finesse that many other artists lack. Maybe it's her education in classical piano, maybe it's her gift at writing. I don't know, but I can hear hints of another great artist who masters both classical and indie, Owen Pallett, as well as traces of Fever Ray, Jenny Hval/Rockettothesky and maybe Dirty Projectors.
Why a risk, you ask? Because you never know how people will react to advice from a stranger.
I am a terrible painter....mainly because I am a perfectionist and rely on straight lines and shapes to keep me between the lines. That being said, I was out of my comfort zone, hesitant to put any paint on the canvas for fear of messing up. I know I was extremely annoying with all of my hesitation and was quite negative when it didn't look perfect immediately. In the end, I was really happy with my painting!
There are many options for corporate entertainment. They range from comedians to magicians. The choice will depend on what tone you want to set for the event. Comedians are a popular choice for corporate events. A comedian will loosen the attendees, give them the shared experience of laughter, and encourage a relaxed and open audience. Humor can also bring new light to the industry or profession, making fun and encouraging the audience to laugh at themselves and their common experiences. The event will be remembered as a fun occasion, and the good feelings can be transferred to the office in renewed team spirit, creativity and fresh ideas about the future.
We can apply these concepts of chaos theory and the workings of complex adaptive systems to our life efforts and especially the way we interact with our environment. What helps us be more flexible, thus adaptive in our life in times of trouble and uncertainty, is understanding how to navigate to the place of knowing within ourselves, that leads to a personal map, if you will. Here we place ourselves in a house of time, “a phase space,” or as I like to describe it, an “aha moment house,” where we have the ability to receive “aha moments.” With these personal revelations uncovered here, we can create our lives with the most options by the resources available to us to make the best choices to live our lives. This place where we create our map based on aha moments requires a key. This key is God. We receive this key through our connection to God via our higher selves.
Hospitality and Refreshments: Fine. Bar with all kinds of drinks, reasonably priced for the location. The loos were working, supplied, and reasonably clean except for a far-too-small bin, and the taps worked properly.
Are you single. Are you interesting? Have you ever felt that trying to meet someone has become more a chore than a pleasure? Or that meeting people for a blind date or from a dating site is a bit like being interviewed hard for job that you don't even know if you want? Or that normal dating sites aren't for people like you, but for boring people with hair by Angie and clothes made out of beige?
Least of all of wild, gorgeous, American Black bears.
The Pacific Court of Women on Uranium mining, nuclear testing and
In its current form, Be a Cupcake. Save the World. is a 35,000-word, easy-to-follow guide to happiness that will electrify and empower young adults.
“Where do you love to hangout?”
- our basement renovation. It just passed the insulation inspection and it's time for drywall. I really need to post on that but first have to solve my ongoing computer and camera issues (long story)
It has a flattering fit and a vintage look which I love. I think that's why I'm drawn to Colette patterns so much, because they help me achieve both these things. It's also made from the most gorgeous double gauze fabric which is so lovely and cool to wear. I'm so pleased I matched this particular pattern with this particular fabric. It's fitted but practical enough for me to run around after the kids and still feel like I'm making an effort.
Tomorrow I run eight miles.
Bad Eating Habbits I loved sugar, I craved sugar, I ate sugar every chance I got..... probably because I had candida and didn't know it. I would eat a hot fudge brownie sundae in place of a meal... thats how bad it got.
Please send in your candidate via comment column provided below SOONEST POSSIBLE. So, please give your votes to the candidates accordingly to the preference of your choices, No. 1 to 9. Each reader has THREE votes ACCORDING TO YOUR ORDER OF PREFERENCE and you may direct your circle of friends to give vote to your selected candidates.
Bottom line: There is no shame in having an STI.
His friend “has a hump in his arm, Daddy,” Ian said, “and how come I don’t?”
They started with a small showroom, primarily producing and selling candle sculptures. Over the years though, their space grew in both size, materials and pieces, and artistic content. First, they began by adding furniture to their collections. From there, they moved on to other materials and are now working with almost everything possible, including
Since this was his first school like experience of sitting in a desk and performing duties set by the teacher, I was curious to see how he would do. He did fine but I don't think he was that impressed. Each day they read "round robin" from a book that had to be left at school (As an instructor, I find "round robin" reading to be very ineffective for learning.) and filled in the remainder of the time with worksheets. Since he really wanted to know the information, we tracked down the book used in class at a nearby library and he studied on his own time.
Letizia Mancino's essay reminded me that I have never followed all of Betty MacDonald's tracks. I have seen the Egg and I Road, but I wouldn't know which of the farm houses on it was hers. I don't think it exists anymore.
One of my favorite sandwiches is peanut butter and jelly. It's a perfect mix of salty and sweet, and I have to wonder who thought of it first? When did those two tastes collide?
When I got home, I soaked in the tub till I feel asleep. I remember that my mother woke me, made me eat crackers, and then sent me to bed where I slept for the next 18 hours.
But what if you’ve done a little scouting mission, talked to her friends, found out that she loves horses and the musical stylings of Burt Bacharach circa 1964, then all of a sudden you drop into conversation that you think Riwoche horses are so cute, then you serenade her with ‘There’s always something there to remind me’ and bada bam bada bing, you’re in.
We start at 9am and work till noon.
watches them unfold away
They are addressed to "Mr. ____." A half-point for getting my gender right. However, if you don't know my last name then don't leave it blank, you unpaid PR intern monkey. What's that? You're a VP at the company? Then hire a PR intern monkey, idiot! Geez, at least address me by my first name (hint: it's in my FAQs and my URL.) If nothing else, be a creative suck up. Starting with "Dear Mr. Well-Endowed Blogger" is not going hurt your chances around here.
I have a bunch to share but it will have to wait; Bryce left for Chicago yesterday (he gets back late tonight, yay for short trips!) and has our good computer. I fired up my old and extremely slow laptop to pop in for just a minute and share the biggest news. Remember the Shirred Shirt Dress I made for Audrey? It was featured over at Refashion Files!! You can see the post here. So exciting! And if your visiting from Refashion Files welcome.
If you grew up going to church, then you can probably speak Christianese: the language of Christianity. It includes terms like righteousness, redemption, pot luck, and hedge of protection. But even though you may have known the language to a certain degree and had a vague idea of where to insert these terms in your prayers, you probably didn’t understand all of what was meant when your pastor or teacher used them. For me, that’s the way it was with the term “spritual bankruptcy”. The church has been using this terminology for some time now to explain what is meant by the first beattitude in Matthew 5:3, “Blessed are the poor in Spirit“. ”Spiritual Bankruptcy” (a term I didn’t understand) was being used to describe “poor in spirit” (a phrase I didn’t understand), so instead of asking questions, sadly, I mimicked a look of realization on my face so the teacher knew to move on.
If you’re in over your head lift it up,
Teang Wong Foo - Kiangton
The Manhattan district attorney’s office spent five years and hundreds of man-hours spying on Anna Gristina, and for what? “Gristina…is considering pleading guilty to the one charge against her — felony promoting of prostitution. Even if prosecutors were successful at winning the maximum sentence…2½ years…she’d serve only…a year…before…work release as a nonviolent first offender…” New York readers, do you really feel this is a valid use of your public funds? This editorialist doesn’t: “…See, crimes should have an actual victim. If they don’t, than they don’t make any sense. Crimes without victims are well, stupid. They are a waste of resources, tax dollars and waste the freedoms and liberties of the people charged…This prosecution is simply idiotic…”
The one thing I initially loved about blogging is that it helped me focus on getting all those crazy creative thoughts in one place, rather than collaged and glued in a million sketchbooks scattered all over my room. Plus, I get to share it all with you! There's something about connecting with people who feel the exact same way you do over something like an all-white room or your fantasy of living in Paris that's just awesome. Suddenly my love for all things white isn't "crazy" afterall.
More tomorrow if we still have power.
I have to give another nod to my friend Pam for these lovelies. Pam made her burp cloths long and skinny, perfect for tossing over the shoulder. Like Lisa, she used quilting fabric on one side. But Pam backed the burp cloths with waffle weave toweling, similar to what you'd use for dish cloths. It's absorbent, but not bulky. And look what Pam added to the bottom of the pink burpy - pom-pom trim! How cute is that! The pom-poms hang on the back of my shoulder now. But I'm sure the day will come when I'll flip them to the front so Charlotte can grab and tug the little balls of fluff.
small stairway area between living room and dining room
The museum used to be a priory, and the grounds of the priory are now a very pretty public park. The building itself is seriously run down and in need of repairs, though it was clearly lovely when it was built.
It won’t stay checkered, obviously.
I love how quiet it is when it snows.
