Also, here are a few quick reminders about Holly Bloggy Christmas:
Someone once wrote that “The fundamental pattern for any community is a congregation at a funeral” The pattern of all of us gathered here this morning is the pattern of the community of Alice Fitterer Gabriel , everyone here is connected to her. It’s a beautiful pattern. Thank you all for coming today. It means a lot to us.
Richly clashing, and anklets jingling, jingling
My problem? In my rush, I've found I've also been rushing my story. I'm pushing my protagonist along in this supernatural mystery/thriller, saying 'come on, get to the next clue, this is NaNoWriMo you know, we don't have time to dawdle!' Dusty has reluctantly obliged (sometimes she shoots me dirty looks, because really, I think she can't be stuffed being the main character and wishes I'd given it to someone else - ungrateful little ....). At not even the half way mark, we've had most of the murders (I might be able to squeeze one or two more in *evil chuckle*). Dusty has identified the bad guy and he is currently safely tied up, leaving her with the dreamy good guy.
MDL No. 1658 (SRC),Civil Action No. 05-1151 (SRC),Civil Action No. 05-2369 (SRC)
"The upper decker is a weapon of terror and should only be used on people who deserve it," said general manager Winston Lubberly. "I think we were just in the wrong place at the wrong time, so to say, and it was not because of the food or the service. I have heard that the Prince is quite the prankster, but with the royal wedding only three days away, I never would have expected this."
I hope you all had a great holiday. In addition to my parents, we had another family over for Thanksgiving and we ate tons of food. It was so good. My son goes back to school tomorrow. His flight leaves at 6:30 AM ... guess who's going to bed extra early tonight?!
Fishy composed:
While no one is certain of the exact etymology of the word “tempura,” several theories exist. Some posit that the expression comes from the Latin word tempora, which refers to the days that Catholics abstain from eating meat. Others believe that the word comes from the Portuguese word temperar, or “to season.” This idea is plausible, as the original Portuguese dish would have likely consisted of bacalhau (dried and salted cod) dredged lightly in flour before frying.
Nathaniel kept his unblinking gaze locked onto the mystery, every now and again murmuring, “Maybe … No wait, that’s utterly stupid.”
That all changed ten years ago with one word.
There were a few quick thuds before Sal came around the corner. His eyes became larger as he saw me.
I instantly felt the rush of self-consciousness as I backed closest to the wall away from him and tried to contract my spine. I leaned on one foot so I wasn’t as starkly tall. I avoided eye contact and bounded out of the elevator as soon as the doors opened.
The journaling will probably consist of key words, and maybe some information about the artist/painting, and why it is important to me. The words will form an integral part of the design of each page.
4 Fs- Freedom, Foods, Family and Friends
The kingdom of heaven is like a treasure hidden in a field… Matthew 13:44
We had a great time shopping, and picked up quite a few items which we’re going to tinker with. Skewers, basting brushes… even an excellent little cast-iron grill-skillet with which we’re going to do a grilled tofu dish that we saw on a cooking show. It wasn’t even as expensive as I thought it would be, so that was perfect.
1pound pie pumpkin or winter squash, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1-inch cubes
2. been to Frederiksborg Slot with my host mom
The team of agonisers lugging the big guy around were painted exactly the same way as this one, but these ones look a lot more upset than their solo counterpart. I also added a few eyes with burst blood vessels across the team. You can kinda see it on the lead agoniser’s right eye. The effect was achieved by painting the eyes like all the other ones, then running red ink over the top to make them look absolutely abused by their uncaring master.
The hippie in me screams out, “Don’t shatter his spirit. Only use positive reinforcement. Let him express himself!” Then the sleepless mother with a headache from the No scream-a-thon is looking ferociously for the time out chair. And then there is the southern mother in me who looks him in the eye ball and in the lowest calmest voice I don’t even recognize, I hear myself say, “Boy if you don’t shut your mouth right now, I’m gonna give you something to say no about. Now find a book to read and chair to park your boom boom in. I don’t want to hear another word, you hear?!” The sad part is there are days when all three of these personalities lose! There isn’t one rule to stand by when disciplining because every situation is different. You can’t always let things go, Time out doesn’t always work, talking it out isn’t always the solution and spanking doesn’t always get a result. So you do the best you can with each situation. One thing I never do is punish without explaining why he is getting punished or spanked. But then of course you get hoodwinked with the super sweet I’m sorry and shower of kisses before he takes off to cause more havoc!
(( _ _ ))..zzzZZ
We’re going to cut programs. We’re going to spend — under my administration, we’re going to spend less money every year — every year. Year, to year, to year the federal government amount of spending will go down for four years until we get a balanced budget. And you can’t do that by — by — by grand schemes. Whether it’s the space program or frankly whether it’s the Speaker’s Social Security program, which will create a brand-new Social Security entitlement. Those are things that sound good and maybe make big promises to people, but we’ve got to be responsible in the way we allocate our resources.
Calling Breivik “the Wikipedia terrorist” is perhaps an exaggeration, but he certainly uses this source very extensively, from discussing weapons and body armor, to the nuclear reactors he fantasizes about blowing up. He admitted during the trial that the English language version of Wikipedia has been his main source of education. It has probably shaped his strange and imprecise political vocabulary, too. For example, he employs the term “national anarchists,” which is not commonly used in major publications.
Damn Dad kept reminding me about his birthday since 5 days ago...=.=
I almost didn't take any pictures while out shopping today.
ATF: It’s Illegal For Medical-Marijuana Patients To Have Guns
AVAILABLE
I really enjoyed this book for taking me back to a place that no longer exists — Berlin in 1933. Actually, it made me feel great that it doesn’t exist anymore, but I did keep thinking of current-day parallels. Erik Larson will be speaking in my town next month, and I can’t wait to go hear him. Recommended.
So here's what was on the menu for today...
The shoe is now well and truly on the other foot and this is a party who’s members know that the end is near for them. We have two film crews present from BBC and ITV and the BBC crew are gobsmacked at the level of BNP support.
Much like the bee problem, we currently have the means to defeat the penguins before it’s too late. For the good of the humanity, we need to remove this scourge while they are still trapped in the frozen South. What happens when they move up to warmer climates and don’t have to incubate their eggs anymore? What happens when they taste human blood for the first time? These are questions I don’t want to have to answer.
Cheese (organic): $3.49/8 oz pkg, used 1/6 = $.58
The Gospel of John starts with the words “In the beginning . . . ,” which hearken back to Genesis 1:1: “In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.” In the next four verses, John goes on to write of light, life, creation, and light shining in darkness – once again, images taken right out of the creation story (Jn. 1:2–5). By drawing on these themes from Genesis, John introduces the story of Jesus against the backdrop of the story of creation, highlighting how Jesus comes to bring about a renewal of all creation.
Last week I was asked to play violin at a Good Friday service for a church in Amber, Oklahoma. It was a small town located a good 45 minutes out in the middle of nowhere, and it had an even smaller church sitting right in the middle of deserted Main Street.
Work is great... We are about 2 days away from being completely finished with our harvest. I've been spending a lot of time driving Daddy's truck from field to field and doing what little bit I can to help. I've really learned a lot about farming, and I LOVE it. Not my personality at all, but it's kinda fun to get dirty every once in a while!! :o)
Well, I slept in this morning, and then I played with the guts of my purse. hehe. Yeah, it was a chillin' day. Gotta love that. The kids got a lot of electronics time. And some grandparents time. Gotta love that too!
I love the holidays. I love Christmas, and even all the preparation. Putting up a tree, decorating, making cookies, buying gifts....I love it all! But it sure does make our family busy.
As we shall see, the secrecy surrounding Friso has more than one reason. We can begin by stating that he is not even mentioned on the official website of the royal family, www.koninklijkhuis.nl; the reason is that the highly controversial woman he married in 2004 - Mabel Wisse Smit - who established ties with organized crime through her liaison in 1989 and 1990 with top drugs-trafficker Klaas Bruinsma, shot to his death in 1991 in front of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel.
Undercard:
That tricky minx
Responding to recent press releases and media reports, in which California health officials say the state is experiencing the worst whooping cough outbreak in 50 years with about 1500 reported cases and six infants dying from B. pertussis, 4 on July 28 Dr. Snyderman offered the following explanation:
Now I have brought you up to why I started this whole blogging thing. You can only call your mother so many times, you can only talk to your husband about this stuff so many times, and you can only chat on Facebook for so long til you've got to let it ALL out! So here I am. Hope I haven't bored you with my ramblings.
SCS is having challenges daily throughout the month of October.
By now, Iron & Wine's Sam Beam has definitively left behind the intimate, guy-and-a-guitar acoustic folk that once defined his style. The process begun on 2007's The Shepherd's Dog has been completed on Kiss Each Other Clean, as Beam further refines and experiments with his newly fleshed-out, ambitious full-band arrangements and poppier flourishes. Opener "Walking Far From Home" ushers the album in on a bed of low, gurgling feedback with Beam's processed voice crooning mostly on its own at first, before being joined by ooh-ing background singers and increasingly dense accompaniment of keyboards and guitars. On "Monkeys Uptown," Beam channels Paul Simon, with rubbery bass, distorted guitar twangs and percolating rhythms. The richness and warmth of the production emphasizes all the fine detailing of the arrangement. Beam seems to be reveling in defying expectations, building songs that twist and turn in unexpected ways without ever losing their accessibility and instant pop appeal. The highlights are numerous, but the standout tracks are the sing-songy, ambiguously sinister "Rabbit Will Run" and the exuberant 7-minute closer "Your Fake Name Is Good Enough For Me," which blends Afrobeat horns with a stuttery rhythmic guitar for a joyful, epic sound. Beam's experimentation doesn't always pay off, as missteps like the awkward "Big Burned Hand" prove, but it's rare that he falters. A couple of lesser cuts aside, this is an album of sophisticated, compelling pop-folk. [buy]
Have a good one, chickens!
The worst defense for a bad novel is
I’ve lost the want
This is why I think it will take a while for one of the big players to do what I just did in my kitchen: blending malt whisky and shochu. The idea occurred to me after reading a load of articles from the Scotsman newspaper (c. 1800-1900). I have been going back to the source material because there is such a lot of romantic claptrap talked about the development of whisky in the home countries.
Open your eyes and see God’s beauty all around in the flowers, they range from all colors, shapes and sizes. This tells me God does not discriminate. All color creates beauty. Look at the deep dark soil, this tells me that even the darkest things have beauty and purpose. Look at the trees, they implant their roots and establish a firm foundation which cannot be moved. This tells me that if we root ourselves in God, we can withstand anything that comes before us.
If your sauce has been refrigerated or frozen, warm it up in a medium saucepan so that your lasagna doesn't take too long to cook. Preheat oven to 350 F.
Even better than the sesame-rich insides are the big hunks of bananas that give it a carmelized chewiness. They’re so good that, in a weird way, it’s almost like eating chocolate.
Jennifer Echols & Catherine Hapka
This group includes foreign nationals of exceptional ability in the performing arts whose work during the past 12 months did require, and whose intended work in the United States will require, exceptional ability.
To keep the reader from getting lulled right out of the story, there's a school of thought that says we should have no more than two paragraphs of narrative before we interrupt it with something more active. But switching from one element of fiction to another is often the most dangerous moment in fiction, the one where we risk jarring the reader out of the story into confusion, or force them to reread something to catch what they missed. The moment they are doing that, they aren't reading forward. We risk losing them to the lure of the refrigerator or the television, or the thousands of other things competing for their time at any given moment. Moving smoothly in and out of the switch requires a good transition.
1/4 cracked black pepper (I use more)
In attendance: Samantha, Brian, Jared, Clint, Nicole, Doni, Randy, Nicole D. (complete with ample photos of Marcus who is now a chubby gorgeous 6 months old) and of course, me.
salt water on my feet and face:
“Well,” he said, pulling himself up beside me on the pillow, “I have a feeling you are a woman who can manage more than just once a night, and now that we have established the basics, how about pushing the boundaries?
A: Sure, it's only three thousand miles, take lots of water.
I have read few other books of Abha Dawesar but “Family Values” is a completely different type of book I have ever read. The most peculiar thing about this book is that the author has avoided any real names. All the characters in the book are named either on their profession, relationship or quirks like boy, cousin, doctor, sugar-mills, six fingers and so on. Even the name of city or streets are not mentioned at all in the book. Delhi is just referred to as Capitol and Chandigarh is planned city. In the beginning it sounded a bit jarring to me but then the names grow on you and you actually start liking these names and they make a lot of sense.
Life is but a Dream
… so each day, the Queen would ask her magic mirror who was the fairest in the land, and the mirror would answer “You are fairest, My Queen” and the Queen would be satisfied.
Sadly, today is our last day with Usha. She flies off to a business meeting early tomorrow and we will fend for ourselves for another day and a half before leaving. In her absence, we will likely wander around aimlessly, let unsavory venders take advantage of us, eat poisonous food, contract malaria and possibly get eaten by tigers.
SlutWalk Toronto 2012 is coming up in a few weeks. My friend Lillian and I spent a whole night (about 5 hours) working on signs for the event! I decided that on the back of my sign, which quotes Girl, Interrupted on the front, I should write the statistic of how many women with mental health issues experience sexual assault. I was googling this yesterday with not much luck but came across something new to put on my sign, a new DSM V disorder called Paraphilic Coercive Disorder.
The strategy was to drive his workforce to work harder in the downturn (than they usually would in good times) or risk spiralling down in terms of sales.
You'll love me at once
person I met recently however who was adopted in the 1960s after her adoptive parents experienced multiple pregnancy loss. Her adoptive mother then went on to have two birth children. This lady was then told that she was no longer wanted. Although she remained within her adoptive family she was not treated in the same way as her siblings, and this remains the case until
Where is our leadership during this raid? Who ordered it? Why is unnecessary force being used on peaceful protestors who were asleep for the night?
I think that's what landed on my desk yesterday morning.
the logic
now, where did this week go? I'm so busy at work (but loving it) that sometimes I feel as if I never leave that place... so if you'll excuse me, I've got to get on with my weekend and:
Last night I said goodnight to JM & CC after another delicious meal of Korean BBQ (I know, twice in two weeks: consider me hooked), and then went to jump into my bed.
And I'll also nominate 3 other blogs for their cuteness...
You’re always there, you’re everywhere
2. Put the oxygen mask on your children: Believe in them, especially when they screw up. Repeat until they believe in themselves.
A few days later, Diane Ashley (Bolling), an entomologist, arrives looking for Hansen. Ashley tells Hansen that the calf was killed by a massive dose of spider venom, which Hansen greets with skepticism. Undaunted, Ashley tells him the problem is serious and that she wishes to examine the animal's carcass and the area where it became sick. Hansen escorts Ashley to Colby's farm. Moments after they arrive, Colby's wife, Birch (Altovise Davis), discovers their dog is dead. Ashley performs a quick chemical test on the dog's carcass and concludes that like the calf, it died from a massive injection of spider venom. Hansen is incredulous, until Colby states that he recently found a massive "spider hill" on a back section of his farmland. He takes Hansen and Ashley to the hill, which is covered with tarantulas. Ashley theorizes that the tarantulas are converging together due to the heavy use of pesticides, which are eradicating their natural food supply. In order to survive, the spiders are joining forces to attack and eat larger animals.
*Although the original recipe calls for 30-40 minutes baking time for a 9 inch cake, I have always needed 40-50 minutes for an 8 inch cake in a convection oven.
Wet and cold at depth
Beeswax/Honeycomb – Wax obtained from melting honeycomb with boiling water, straining it, and cooling it. From virgin bees. Very cheap and widely used. May be harmful to the skin. In lipsticks and many other cosmetics (especially face creams, lotions, mascara, eye creams and shadows, face makeups, nail whiteners, lip balms, etc.). Derivatives: Cera Flava. Alternatives: paraffin, vegetable oils and fats. Ceresin, aka ceresine, aka earth wax. (Made from the mineral ozokerite. Replaces beeswax in cosmetics. Also used to wax paper, to make polishing cloths, in dentistry for taking wax impressions, and in candle-making.) Also, carnauba wax (from the Brazilian palm tree; used in many cosmetics, including lipstick; rarely causes allergic reactions). Candelilla wax (from candelilla plants; used in many cosmetics, including lipstick; also in the manufacture of rubber and phonograph records, in waterproofing and writing inks; no known toxicity). Japan wax (Vegetable wax. Japan tallow. Fat from the fruit of a tree grown in Japan and China.).
So finally what did Mommy get from the sale? Mommy bought two items only this time since Mommy's budget is very tight for this month due to a recent high expenditure for car maintenance. It's the Thomas and the Shake-shake Bridge set for RM105 (outside selling for RM149.90)....
No one likes a perfect character. That too-true-to-be-believed character no one can relate to. Same thing goes with the plot and story. The world-building exists to enhance a reader’s escape, and one wrong move can shake that suspended-disbelief and bring it all crashing down…
I challenge any of these liberal feminists from the media including Bill Maher to spend 24 hours with the five Schlapp girls ranging from ages 3 months to 9-years-old.
Contemplating lasciviousness in bewildered detachment;
My verdict on this image: It’s alright but such a result leaves much to be desired. (At least for me.) The addition of a gradient filter gives the image a more dramatic feel. But the lack of detail along the Seawall helps draw attention to Siwash Rock but it is somewhat off-putting for me.
*Note: We encourage getting a base down before hand or during the crawl, so the first place on the list has food, and there are numerous cool food trailers all over the crawl route!l
(9) Maybe it’s coincidence, but seems like many of those making a name for themselves in the writing world (i.e., Kristen Lamb, Sean Platt, etc) recommend using WordPress. Honestly, I’ve yet to read different.
Tight lipped, I threw my coffee into the sink and said, “I was referring to the name brand. . .not the store brand.”
Keep in mind, most of these questions are more curiosity and just looking at background, nothing is a MUST. If you are new to CDing and want to write, that could be a PERFECT angle! So don't think that experience is a must! I would like to start incorporating more informational posts ie. washing, getting started, etc so any areas of expertise and any level of experience will be more than considered! I would also like to get back to writing about other natural parenting topics such as breastfeeding, babywearing, etc. Again, experience in these areas is not required, but we may branch out a little with more writers and more experiences to draw from! And of course, your ideas are MORE than welcome!
Can you believe it’ll be May on Tuesday? Man, this year is flying by.
The row over Before Watchmen – a rolling bunch of mini-series in the style of Seven Soldiers of Victory – carries on, and probably isn’t going to go away until the project does. Most reaction to it seems to have been very negative, in principle (while acknowledging that the art looks pretty good), but there’s a bunch of people who seem to think Alan Moore is a hypocrite, and that DC has every right to do whatever it wants with these characters.
And I have to thank my hubby for being the DD. What a trooper!
In whichever direction one looks at the problem, it is fundamentally an issue of supply: to increase wages, either reduce the supply of workers, or increase the supply of jobs. Minimum wages decrease the supply of jobs, so in that respect the labor advocacy has it wrong, and the President is right. Where he is wrong and the labor advocates are right, however, is in the matter of contractual labor. The practice is short-sighted because it works against employee development; if workers do not increase their skills they do not increase their value to the company, and that in turn has an indirect negative effect on business growth – and if businesses do not grow, they do not create new jobs.
C – CMOS TTL Series
The Plough Inn in Myrniong, as discussed here in previous posts, is not just a watering hole in the middle of nowhere. To be fair, it’s actually off the road to the middle of nowhere and that’s part of its charm. It is very much a part of the local community in a way that many of us can only imagine pubs of old were.
born: April 4, 1952
At the moment, I've cracked open the Aooni, which is a nice, subdued IPA. Much like when I tried the Tokyo Black at Keg Nagoya, I can trace the mainstay Yona Yona in the background, but the bitterness comes through nicely.
head of a fish, tail of a horse, and, for laughs, penis rope.
“Beautiful” BBC
simmering salty now and scattered,
I piped the "Fish net" (Tweaked the original design a bit, it has um.. stuff hanging down now? I wanted to pipe a tassel of some sort but it didn't really go very well so I just left it the way it was.) at 7 in the morning when my eyes were barely open because I didn't want the humidity to collapse it if i piped it the day before!
“I played a hunch and dug up all the TruthSeeker IP addresses I could find from my (and my friends’) various go-rounds with him on the internets. Working with local exes who have amazing googlefu abilities, we found out from the archives of Lermanet that other intrepid internet searchers had traced TruthSeeker back to Salisbury Marland in 2006 on Spring Ave.”
Your long runs will allow you to build your endurance (long and slow, working at getting time on your feet as opposed to speed) and your speed workouts should help you to get faster.
The ends (At least 2 cm to the middle.) should be REALLY thin, you should be able to see the wordings etc on your non-stick mat.
Whenever I conduct a sales training session, I ask my class how companies can increase revenue. In every session someone speaks up and says a company can increase revenue by cutting costs. That is totally not true. The example I often use is a simple math example.
As I got older I would close the book at the end of a chapter and think about how I would proceed. Sometimes the author of the book and I were dead on but most times I found that I was just borrowing the writers characters and taking them on my own adventure, but they were always action adventures. There were television shows that I did this with as well. Batman the Animated Series. There was an episode where a little girls father would visit her nightly. He was gong mad and becoming a danger to her. By the time the episode was over, the Darknight would visit her at her window at night to make sure she was okay. Would you know that as this little girl grew up and fell in love with the Darknight and would eventually give her life to save him? Of course not. But I knew because this was my idea. Perhaps someday I’ll write the story. But it will probably be an action adventure story.
Bruno said it wasn’t as clean and precise as the Paso should be. Carrie Ann said she felt that the intensity knocked her off her feet. Len thought it had promise, but it didn’t quite deliver.
Mine's on the RPM!!
Find the Virtual Superbrand
The US company is now appealing the case but debt-laden Proview, which makes computer monitors, has since filed trademark lawsuits against Apple in China and is also suing the technology giant in the United States.
I have chosen to follow the lead of those who are oppressed, to respond to their request for support.
But, my question remains
I’ve got back into Romantic Literature again, i wish i hadn’t – the realisation that i’m not going to find a Mr Darcy, Mr Rochester or a Heathcliff, hurts.
X’s associate and I were supposed to meet up around ten in the morning at the jobsite but 10:15 came rolling around and I was still waiting there. It turns out that he was caught up in a meeting at another jobsite (he’s a pretty busy guy). Instead of waiting for him to come back to a jobsite that I had already seen, I decided that I would go to where he was. It made sense because he said that he was planning on taking me over there anyway.
Whose hot incursions and great name in arms
On a personal note, as a natural foods chef and volunteer on the education committee of Hobbes farm, I am very excited about this news and look forward to the new White House setting an example for all of us. I share Mrs. Obama’s sentiments when she says,
Stephanopoulos: true
Diecut Machine: Cuttlebug by Provo Craft
Well, Dear Reader, I'll tell you what he does about it: he buries his head in the sands of ironic detachment and post-feminist shoegazing; so terrified of "objectifying" the opposite sex, he can barely bring himself to approach a woman despite the half-an-evening she's clearly spent adjusting her cleavage for maximum jiggle. Girls who diddled themselves to Brad Pitt's abs in Fight Club now bestow their HPV and daddy issues on Ol' Dirty Bastard lookalikes and tell themselves they're "too curvy" for white guys. Meanwhile, said white guys are too busy standing in a hipster circle-jerk over glasses of Sam Adams, pretending to relate to drug-dealer slang in Wu-Tang lyrics, or arguing on message boards about why Omar was the coolest character on The Wire. After all, to deny such things — to be seen as having refused a seat on the Benetton bandwagon — is to be branded with a scarlet "R" and marched like the Son of Sam through the Obama-stickered town square of our modern Age of Enlightenment. And that — if one desires social acceptance, if one wishes to earn one's diversity-compliance gold star for the sake of professional viability — is The Fate Worse Than Death.
I initially thought Friday but I still have to go to work on Fridays.
she is the only person, other than my father,
Greg raises his brow, “A gym-bag? You been working out any? That could be a violation of the Barny Bum Code.”
should be a priority sector
Classified By: Deputy Chief of Mission Donald Teitelbaum. Reasons 1.4( b) and (d).
“Would you like the job?” the Pharaoh asked Joseph.
Meistrich ML, Van Beek MEAB. Radiation sensitivity of the human testis. Advances in Radiation Biology 1990;14: 227-268.
The cast did a great job of pulling off a great show on both coasts, while getting visits from guest stars.
i was thinking today about sunday at church. sometimes they just say the funniest things. i don't have much else to say but i leave you with this gem. out of no where one of the girls was talking to another one of the volunteers and she pops up with this
Part of the oral history of my family is that a Black merchant seaman brought a Japanese wife from the Philippine Islands to Calvert County. In 1859, they had a child named Hezekiah Brooks who was my great grandfather. He appears to look part Asian in his photographs but there is not any other documentation to support this story. Hezekiah died in 1922, his father died shortly after his birth. The alleged Japanese mother became Caroline Sims, but no pictures or records have been found to verify her ethnicity. The question that always bothered me is why any free Black who could leave the United States during the time of slavery would voluntarily return.
He added: “Every community has a minority that engages in Crime and anti-social behaviour to the detriment of their own and other communities “We are responding to recent concerns about crime, anti-social behaviour and environmental issues associated with the caravan site.
But if you’re willing to go the extra mile or have a marketing or public relations professional who can help, you can also contact local or specialty media. This will be news if you can establish a connection to a particular media’s audience: a local newspaper, an alumni magazine, or your hometown radio station.
Gold shirt (even though it appears yellow), Motto - Salvation Army
So I thought I’d share some pictures of them so they might put a smile on your face!
Not too long after getting into running, I met my girlfriend Julia right before the 2010 Chicago Marathon. I was immediately drawn to her. 1.5yrs later, and I cannot imagine my like without her… crazy how love works. She happens to be a badass runner and someone who pushes and encourages me to do more, just like my grandma. I appreciate running more (amongst many other things in life!) because of her, and I plan on doing many more races/runs with her! (I promise I didn’t put Dean up to saying that! ; )
Education is under the threat of extinction. It is alarming that such oppression is happening in 2012. Most people have trouble believing that such a thing could happen in the 21st century even. but trust me fundamental right to be educated, the under girding of any society, is denied children, male and female.
The room was comfortable and we had a good rest. Off to breakfast. When I researched Ptuj, I learned that it dates from the stone age, or the first human settlements on that spot do. The breakfast we got dates from that period. The worst breakfast we have ever had. Lucky in love, unlucky in food!
For an easy way to find editors and agents to follow, go to my profile at http://twitter.com/lynnekelly then click "Lists," and select the Editors-Agents list. You'll see the recent tweets from the people on that list, but on the right side of the page, click "View all following" to see everyone I've added to it. (A lot of other writers or publishing people you will have similar lists.) Then check who those people are following--you'll find more people you want to follow.
19% of regular Internet users between the ages of 10 and 17 reported being involved in online aggression; 15% had been aggressors, and 7% had been targets; 3% were both aggressors and targets (Ybarra & Mitchell, 2004);
Then, this afternoon, I headed over to the Seymour Centre for PWA’s National Script Workshop. I enjoyed being in the room for the other play being workshopped for this program. The two playwrights and their new plays have now been released! So a big congratulations to Angus Cerini for his new play Scowl and Van Badham for The Bull, the Moon and the Coronet of Stars. I love listening to these works being read by some incredible actors and to then watch the playwrights work through the script – with the dramaturgs – making the storyline clearer, the actions stronger and everything more and more exceptional!
This salad has always been my favourite. I could eat tones of the stuff. When I was little, and someone used to ask me what was my favourite dish, I would always answer eggplant salad!
The truth is this. Turf is becoming nothing more than just a banal landmark behind a Wal Mart parking lot rented out for spinning and drifting hot rods using a red-coned course because the marketing at Turf can’t figure out how to pack the lot with tourist’s and racing fan’s automobiles.
I did get some pictures of the beautiful flowers in our yard the other day. Would you like a peek?
A few people have asked how I made the rainbow cake for Susannah’s birthday, so thought I would do a quick tutorial. I just kind of made it up as I went and hoped for the best. I wasn’t entirely sure that the colors wouldn’t all run together, so was pleasantly surprised by the fun finished product.
The wooden bird house I picked up at Michaels and the birdie I had in my stash that I believe was also from Michaels. Most of the gorgeous flowers are by Wild Orchids. For the bird window I used a Melissa Frances resin frame and glued pearls around it. I really wish I had a little mushroom that I could have placed on the base, that would have been super cute. Anyway thanks Ana for the inspiration I really enjoyed altering the bird house.
Alright folks, I was recently back in the kitchen concocting new Bren-friendly recipes, so I have a new recipe for you.
She looked at me like I had lost my mind. “No, Alison. Because he is a bodyguard and she is a superstar.”
One thing that I look for in running gear is not paying a crap load of money for something that I can just make myself. Remember when I made my own sparkle headbands. There are a lot of places out there where I can buy something similar to what I made in this attempt with the sparkly top and velvet underside, but Punkeelove has some special stuff going on that made the purchase worth it for me.
The spoken word is so quick. The pressing pace of conversation does not allow for a slow forming and nurturing of thought. An infant idea met with resistance in conversation dies a quick death for me.
As the paperback boom died out in the wake of the Hank Janson trial, Watt began turning out stories for Paget Publications' saucy magazines Jaunty, Sprite, Kitty, etc. before reappering at Spencer's with a series of western novels in 1962-64.
My secret Santa of Chookyblue swap is no other one than... Vicki !!!!!
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGee.
There has always been this massive importance placed upon the reading and keeping of the Scriptures. Why? Why the importance? Consider:
SAN FRANCISCO -- Jean Whitehorse, Navajo, endured the US government’s boarding schools, relocation and sterilization. Today, she says the BIA unwittingly gave her the best education that money could buy; not by giving her job training in the San Francisco area, but by placing her near the Occupation of Alcatraz.
This one came across the wire yesterday, from a personal friend:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Beat egg and dressing and bananas in large bowl with whisk until well blended. Mix remaining ingredients in separate bowl. Add to banana mixture and stir till moistened. Pour into 9x5 greased loaf pan and bake for 1 hour.
Rubbermaid Easy FInd Lids, Lock-its, Produce Saver or Premier Container $1/1
For 500 pages, I'm sure any normal (I use this term loosely, given how 'normal' a bookie is, haha) YA reader would find that pretty intimidating. However, once you really get into the book, it's really easy to see why Angelini has written so many words.
The first notable stop was on the Yukon River crossing. The bridge was a beautiful marvel of engineering. There was a special small bridge for the pipeline.
We also stumbled across another crazy fool.
Halt greenfield development: the countryside is a rural heritage, which we wish safeguarded for future generations. Rural development creates congestion, noise, pollution, expensive
Wight was the former Scottish news editor of the News of the World, who was transferred to the Wapping bunker as “books editor”. That, in itself, raises the eyebrow a twitch: not just that the NotW stretch to “books”, but that News International have a curious habit of whisking “names in the frame” into other jurisdictions (most remarkably, Les Hinton — in the running to be next in the tumbril, who was translated to run Murdoch’s Dow Jones and Wall Street Journal operations, conveniently well away from London).
There’s a comment threader at the Daily Telegraph called Chelyabinsk. He’s very keen on Scottish Independence, and is ingenious at turning every discussion/column about leek nurture or tooth decay into a rallying cry for Caledonian Freedom. There’s another one called Shakespeare, who poses as an unhinged europhile batting off everyone’s wailing about the EU going to hell in a bucket. That is, I think it’s a pose. Sometimes you never quite know. Our own dear Erika, for example, has an admiration spectrum that ranges from Vladimir Putin to Mahmood Ahmadinnejhad. I think it’s really Quentin Letts horsing around, but she may be real: it’s a funny old world.
4) A short-less than 250 word- excerpt from the book.
"Great news about Daniel! He's off the respirator and is eating JELL-O and chicken soup. Yay! He is still quite sedated, but his prognosis is excellent. The worst part for him now is the changing of the dressings which takes about 90 minutes and is excruciating. He will be in the hospital for many weeks while his healing is monitored and it is determined if/when skin grafts should be done.
1 cup pumpkin puree (fresh or canned)
Niagara Falls from US side to Canada side
You can really taste the earthy wheaty-ness in it
whining, wild and wooly Andrea Kenner Kinnard
When Patricia Cornwell published the first book in her Kay Scarpetta series, little did she know the critical acclaim she would receive. Postmordem was the first novel to win the Edgar, Creasey, Anthony, Macavity, and French Prix du Roman d’Aventure awards in a single year. Since then she has published 17 more Kay Scarpetta novels, all bestsellers. Regarded as the queen of forensic crime, Cornwell is the first American to win the Galaxy British Books Direct – Crime Thriller of the Year Award. She is a pioneer novelist in using autopsies and forensic evidence as focal points in mystery novels. The Times calls her a “shrewd pioneer of gruesome pathology.” Her work has been translated into 36 languages.
it don't matter how you worship
The stinging question brought the boy out of his reverie. “What’s Roland been saying about me?” Marley leaned forward.
This is a rich, moist chocolate cake layered with homemade citrus-raspberry jam and decadent tofu-based chocolate amaretto mousse and finished with a poured chocolate ganache. All accomplished without the use of dairy (or much refined sugar for that matter). The chemistry of vegan baking really is fascinating. An early version of this cake was going to incorporate DIY vegan white chocolate as an elegant decoration, but that's a trick I've yet to master; test trials did not turn out favorably. So I assessed my strengths and looked to my friend Heather for help with fondant. The love bird decorations were inspired by a spool of ribbon used to decorate the cake board. I'm hoping it's the perfect touch of whimsy befitting a first wedding anniversary celebration.
“Yes it is!”
Raven’s abrupt shift from radio personality to horror movie star was merely the latest in a series of such transitions that had marked his course through life, but to those unfamiliar with his past it must have seemed bizarrely arbitrary.
A strange few days, especially as here in North Lancashire we didn't have any elections despite having more than enough elected representatives. We have town councillors, borough councillors, county councillors then MPs and MEPs. But I still stayed up far too late on Thursday night watching the results come in. I'm not going to ramble on too long here, there is more than enough coverage in the media, but I'm bound to chip in my two penneth.
Quite simply boys it's someone else's turn to play now so, rather than stamping your feet and taking your ball in, perhaps a look at the way consumers are 'voting with their throat' would do your business some good...
Good times when banter becomes a feature at the local card show.
darker, more cynical side to this political animal. TR, in turn, sees Scottie as a good hunting and fishing companion, personal aide and sounding board for his ideas.
Northern Ireland developer, McAleer and Rushe has just filed its accounts – available here – for the year ending 31st March 2011. McAleer and Rushe has some interests on this side of the Border but is perhaps better known for its development on Baker Street in London, the sale of the W Hotel in Leicester Square also in London and recently has announced the development of a major hotel in Manchester. The county Tyrone developer employs just over 100 people and has actually recorded an operating profit for 2011 of GBP 546,987 (€650k).
I.C.M: Oh, I thought it was something to do with Harry Potter...
January 7, 2010
So today I'm out running errands and returning things. I had stuff to take back to Kohls, Target, Walmart, and Hobby Lobby. But I was meeting my mom and grandma for my first ever sewing lesson in less than two hours, so I knew I didn't have time to shop. So as I ran my errands, I did the unthinkable, at least in my case. I just took the store credit and *gasp* actually put it in my purse for later!
Hello Fellow Bloggers! I think I have finally come to a a somewhat decision on my blog. This summer I will continue to post sporadically. It is just too busy a time of year for me to put coherent thoughts down. With Logan going to Kindergarten this fall let's just say that I am trying to soak up as much time with him as possible. He will be in all day every day Kindergarten from 9-3:30, which is a huge change from him going to preschool three days/week. I am going to miss him tons! I can't believe that the last 5+ years have gone by so fast and that he is already turning into a little man. I even cried at his preschool graduation when his teacher read this poem/quote:
Cook eggs to your liking.
After that incident I stayed in touch with Amanda and the boys, but it slowly started to disappear. Even with Amanda. There was a long period of time where none of us called each other, we didn't send cards...then nothing. I decided one day to get back in contact with Amanda. We stayed connected ever since (this was about fall 2007). During Christmas time 2007 I decided to try giving the boys a call. But to my surprise all three of them had different numbers. None of them went through. I was so sad and realized that I didn't have any contact with them. Joe and I had been friends on Facebook for awhile so I still had that, but Josh and Nathan were nowhere to be found. I searched and searched then gave up. I thought about them constantly for years. I hate the word "years" when you're trying to find someone. It feels like a lifetime. They were always on my mind. I had asked Amanda a few times if she had heard from them, and every time she said no. It was hard for both of us.
Another way to encourage and amount ability, is to create your ideas felled. Stronghold an "air journal." If you do this regularly, you'll respond that you oftentimes act having many ideas the nowadays you act to indite. A so-so intention may unremarkably be irrecoverable, but by authorship it consume, you may retrieve it, your brain mechanism on it, and it can change into something very ingenious.
One prosecutor who must thank her lucky stars about the concept of prosecutorial immunity is Nifong’s successor in position and ethics, Tracey Cline. The N&O reports that the attorney for David Yearwood, one of the defendants profiled in the paper’s “Twisted Truth” series, filed an appeal claiming that Cline withheld considerable exculpatory evidence in Yearwood’s case: "At worst, District Attorney Cline's conduct was deliberate and intentional. At best, District Attorney Cline's conduct was negligent and incompetent. Either way, it is her misconduct that brings us to the situation we face today." The attorney, Heather Rattelade, made clear toward which option she leaned, charging that Cline "engaged in deliberate and deceitful tactics to obtain a conviction at all costs."
Unfortunately for Chase Young’s attempt at damage control, the story had already been picked up by local media — and by the Cabarrus County Sheriff’s Office.
$0.30 off Refrigerated Pillsbury Grands! Biscuit
“Pines exhausted in dreams,
And I sure as hell don't like living this way.
I stamped the flower bloom in Hawaiian Shores ink, cut them out and added stickles to the blooms. I just LOVE the font inn this set -very fun! The ribbon is my newest love -the amazing new striped twill and the pattern paper is Jubilee from Memory Box.
Row 1- ch2, 6sc in 2nd ch. (6) do not join.
Think of it this way. In any daily paper, there are dozens of ads for new cars. But if you are not in the market for a car, you are not going to notice them. Why? It’s simple. You are not in the market for a car.
sports.
Over the past 70 years, as their fellow Raiders have passed away — Doolittle died in September 1993 at the age of 96 — the five survivors have remained grateful that they were given the chance to make military history, defend the U.S. during one of its darkest periods and live to tell about all of it.
I have over the years received many types of scams/spam from people claiming to have vast fortunes hidden in bank accounts, those who claim they are dying to those who claim that I have won the lottery. However, no one thus far has threatened to kill me; until now that is.
Americans’ confidential information that could legally provided to the feds would “include health records, it can include firearm registration information, it can include credit card information,” warned Polis, a former Web entrepreneur who was a leader in opposing the Stop Online Piracy Act as well.
Now this is only comparing them to other kids their ages, which really doesn't matter much to me. It is interesting and good to see that they are steady on the growth charts. They are all very porportioned and growing well. I told the nurse that Colton is almost skin and bones so I don't understand how his weight is 75 compared to 70 for height. This is why it doesn't matter much to me. If they lost weight they would all look almost sickly.
In Ephesians 6:18 Paul gave them, and us, spiritual instruction. “Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints.” Then he goes on, “And for me, that utterance may be given unto me, that I may open my mouth boldly, to make known the mystery of the gospel.”
150 gram dry apricot ( cut in small pieces)
Bangs - 1/2 inch circle cut in half - cut edges are hidden under the headband
Our busy-ness doesn't end here but this post does. Next we have a fabulous shower that my friends here in Vegas put on for me and visitors up the wazoo! Stay tuned!
16. To help remove spills, blot as much as possible. Then clean as you normally would. When finished, sprinkle with baking soda. Vacuum. This will decrease the chance that some of the spilled item will remain in the carpet and cause unpleasant odors later.
Her name is Rose Elizabeth
Right now I need to figure out how to print the recommendation that I just typed up for a student. She needed a non-teacher to write something for her, and I agreed, but now this computer seems to be hooked to nothing. I fear that I might be writing it out in long hand then retyping it on a computer that is hooked to a printer. Grrrr! That will learn me to check out the printer system next time. Yes, I did the learn/teach thing on purpose. I did get your attention didn’t I? Where did you say you were at today? Ha! Now get off of the computer and get some real work accomplished.
I have spent the last two days doing what any sensible person does when confronted by exhaustion, boredom, brain atrophy, conflict and an excess of poo: eat. Eat and eat and fucking eat. Mainly crisps and chocolate and Laughing Cow sandwiches. I cannot eat in front of the children because they always want my stuff and I hate sharing my food. So each day I go between my jobs to the same bench in the same little park and eat to just this side of vomit. It's not big or clever, but it feels like ballast against the oncoming storm. If one's stomach is full, it's hard to feel anything much. I know it's not the answer, but it stops the questions, for the time being.
Ayodeji Awe, 42, New York, N.Y
The cast is full of real people, reacting like real people would to a zombie apocalypse. Each in their own way is tough minded and determined to survive. The group is lead by two police officers and a survivalist. One policeman, Rick Grimes quietly sticks to his morals. His wife and boy are among the group. The second policeman, Shane Walsh was Grimes partner before his coma. Walsh will do anything to survive, especially if there are no witnesses. The survivalist is not the stereotypical southern redneck that he presents as in the first episode.
In my angel work, I connect to Universal Divine Energy and the angelic realm to give intuitive angel card readings, using oracle card decks that are positively imbued with Love & Light. I use the cards as well as my extra sensory perceptions to give insight and guidance. All messages are positive and loving, authentic and practical, and offer insights on what you need to know at the present time.
When it comes to the main character or the main antagonist though, I need to do more than just list characteristics, quirks, and history. I have to ask myself whether that character can carry a whole novel. Is she:
902 *D-V/1/1985. “On What the First Amendment Does and Does Not Do.” Statement prepared for the General Assembly, The State of Illinois, Springfield, Illinois. Distributed by Public Research, Syndicated, Claremont, California, August 30, 1985. (Incorporated in Item C-1988(2), below, pp. 162-64.)
What if? What if? There are so many what if’s. I could ask them all day. What if everyone was kind? What if there was no war? What if all food was good for you? What if we could talk to cows? What if we could travel to other planets? What if we could understand all languages? What if we had unlimited money? What if we were all living in poverty? Don’t you ever wonder things, random things?
The day we became man and wife
Tai Chi 0 by director Stephen Fung is currently in post production. That's a promo clip for it up above. I think I'm going to enjoy this one a lot.
2021.***E-I/22/1971. “A Modest Proposal.” On the desirability of relieving the University’s financial crisis by cutting faculty salaries. University of Chicago Maroon, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-2, above, p. 259 (1975).) See Item D-IV/28/1999, above.
Medical, you call it.
The on/away swap is around the still left section in the view. Evaluate the view as you decide to do when you are wanting to see what time it is and touching the on/away swap. This switches on the status light. You will see it can be on stand by setting once the light is violet. Flick will become in a couple of seconds and also the light might flip a yellow-environment friendly.
The WORLD says… A rich man’s wealth is his security.
You belong here if … going to Orland Park is your idea of a fun Friday night.
A recent study posted on Yahoo brought back some memories of my childhood. The study was about the risk that stairs pose to children. Apparently, children get injured on staircases. Frequently.
“Oh, it's not bad,” I'd say, my mind drifting away behind world heavy eyelids.
A BlogGoblin haunts this blog. If he doesn't let you leave a comment, you may email it, along with your information, to EHAGEmporium@gmail.com. The friendly BlogMistress will add your comment for you. email entries must be sent by September 28th at 9PM.
Underneath the screen you’ve also got three-axis accelerometer and gyroscopes, meaning you can control many of your games simply by moving the device in your hand.
But then Bucephalas turned up, and the silly boy decided he’d rather ride a battle-scarred old warhorse than a handsome parade horse like me. Of course Bucephalas made himself huge and pranced about like an overgrown colt, which went to Alexander’s head. Pretty soon all his friends started talking about war, and before I knew it I was part of the Royal Guard with Perdiccas riding on my cloth armed with a nasty sharp spear.
The Sun, Plato says, makes the universe a visible place. Our eyes take advantage of this (Plato and Aristotle resisted Empedocles’ arguments for natural selection, which they saw as reductive, but the reader should join me in helping ourselves to evolutionary biology wherever it helps to fill things in here). We can see each individual visible thing because the whole universe is suffused with that one element, light, which emanates from the Sun. Analogously Plato claimed that something he called “the Good” suffused the universe with order and made it an intelligible place. The Sun is to vision as the Good is to rationality: both vision and rationality are possible because of the existence of a more general feature of the universe. Plato takes the analogy farther. The Sun’s light is necessary for the growth of plants and the Good’s order is necessary for the emergence of definite (definable, intelligible) things. The Sun is the source of warmth; the Good is the source of value. Darkness is the absence of light; badness is the absence of order.
But it emerged this afternoon that organisers of the stunt did not have permission to put up the sign and it was taken down as a result. Anyway, the way the £5000 the town got from Compare the Market as part of this PR stunt has now been announced.
Sky falls, you feel like
and just like that, the phone rang!
A gun to my head makes a snuff film of me
There was also a two seat paddle boat on the shore that we managed to take out and then sink and then get back to shore somehow, that was fun!
Nothing cures a lazy Monday like an episode of Hoarders. Don’t say you have never seen it or even lingered a while enduring the shock and awe of it all. Like a train wreck exploding and stacked up like cord wood, the impossible reality of these poor peoples homes, causes me to ask the question….How did it get this bad and why in H- E- double Hockey sticks are they allowing anyone to film it?
“John.”
And so nature takes the soundtrack to my ears.
1 - 16 oz package cubed ham ( I used 7 slices of lunch meat ham and cut it up into squares)
The cover? A single, flowing curve... seamless, jointless, and practically impervious to wear.
I don''t even care what you have to say
6 lbs. Amber DME
the desire to do good,
But light does interesting things. If you look closely at the water on the beach itself you will see the golden orange of the sky reflected in the ripples at the beach.
I'll particularly recall his vegetable growing, since I do a bit of that myself. I'll remember the annual cycle of him planting, harvesting, drying and storing the onions. I'll think of him next time I do the same, and I'll look forward to the cycle of the coming seasons, and I'll settle in to the rolling motion of the decades.
1 tsp lemon extract
The second half saw The Blockheads (still tight as a gnat's chuff) performing with all of the above plus a right bunch of herberts including Keith Allen (Blackmail Man), Kathy Burke (Billericay Dickie), Saffron from Republica (Mash it up Harry), Mark Lamarr (Blockheads and stage diving), Kirsty MacColl (Hit Me With Your Rhythm Stick) and longtime Blockheads collaborator Phill Jupitus (Reasons to be Cheerful). The finale saw Robbie Williams come on for Sweet Gene Vincent before everyone returned for a riotous Sex and Drugs and Rock and Roll. It was a joyous night and a fitting tribute to a true original and a national treasure.
3) Thank you for being who you are, unique and different. Thank you for being yourself amid the cries for conformity, and being an individual. Thank you for allowing yourself to be who you are, and offering no apologies. Thank you for not listening to them, and staying true to you. Thank you for seeing yourself, and allowing yourself to be seen. Keep Rockin’ – There’s No Stoppin’…You! ~ Bryan Hayes
I cannot wait for the weather to be nice all the time, I am now itching for spring to get here!
Mark Lundholm, a renowned comedian and motivational speaker who shares his own journey through addiction, homelessness and recovery, will serve as the master of ceremonies for the rally.
Every once in a while when I was a kid, my mother would bring out the special edition Scrabble game that she and my father owned. They didn't want us to ruin the set; we had a tendency to lose pieces to our games. We ended up with our own word games, such as Boggle and Upwords. After I moved to New York, I often played word games with Mom when we would visit each other. By then she didn't care about following the rules. I would decimate her by using slang and foreign words, because I knew so many in a bunch of different languages. She didn't care. It was more important that we were spending time together and laughed a lot.
We have an elite class in our country, made up of politicos, rich and the ultimate swells that are fancy, flamboyant and ultimately live life with ease. They sit back, with all of the power of government and media messaging, untouched by the daily lives of the people in the “districts”. They are perfectly happy to watch the “districts” toil for the Capitol and fight among themselves providing unending entertainment.
He held a double honours degree in chemistry and a master’s degree in biomedical pharmacology and leaves behind widow Suzanne, son Tom and daughter Lucy.
Song name : “Fake Clouds”
Mention Make 5 dinners in 1 hour on your Facebook, Twitter or Blog and post the link here in the comments.
A number of years ago I had a fairly close friendship through university. This friendship was important to me and involved a great deal of trust and confidence.
“One can only hope.”
and wider,
I'm cheating here because this isn't a post as such, just a series of links. And some of them are links to posts that consist mostly of ... links to posts. Allow me to justify why this qualifies as the most Boring but Useful post on my blog.
After a millennium of imprisonment in his magic wand, an ancient wizard possesses the young boy who released him. When danger is nigh, he emerges from the frightened child to set things right. Both he and the boy try to grasp what has happened to them only to discover a deeper problem. Somehow the wizard’s bride from the ancient past has survived and become something evil.
Mind you, this week just gone was a little unusual because I had three days at university and I think that if I hadn't had that travel to Bristol, then the whole week might not have been quite so tiring!! So....what did I do in the evenings? Monday night I was at my craft club making a cute little box of thank you cards, Tuesday night I was at a Pampered Chef party hosted by a friend (I bought some stuff!), Wednesday night I went to the ballet with some other friends to see Sleeping Beauty (it was a strange little ballet!), Thursday night I was off to my weekly sign language class - we are currently practising for our first exam which is next Thursday!! Friday was a relief as I wasn't doing anything in the evening, but I still had to work during the day. Saturday was fairly quiet, but I did go round to another friends house to take part in her craft afternoon - we made some lovely birthday reminder folders - you know the ones - where you can store birthday cards. In fact, I am quite likely to offer it up as part of the One World One Heart event which starts tomorrow.
Why do people just jump at unsubstantiated rumours like this? They fall apart if you just think hard enough.
So they know who you are. They can then connect up with all your Google accounts to find your friends. Of course, your Gmail address book is a primary source of information about who your friends are. Here are the areas from which Google says[3] it gathers information about your social circle:
Lately, every time a momma posts about their child's new word or how they call "Momma" from their crib or make animal sounds, basically anything speech related, my celebration with them is overshadowed by sadness. Not a tearful sadness but more like a grey cloud that lingers blocking the sunshine because I wish I could post the same about my Ella. I wish I could share a video on Bragbook displaying her latest and greatest language skills and prove to the world that she is defying statistics and is developing "normally" despite her diagnosis. When in reality, the gap is widening and development is so slow and I am becoming frustrated. Ella will be three in June, but if anyone asks, I say she is two and a half because I am afraid. I think that they think that she is younger because she doesn't talk and for some reason, I actually believe that people might not think that she has Down Syndrome.
- mince (any you want, chicken/beef/pork a combination)
Skills that will serve you in digital journalism should be kept sharp and up to date, but not at the expense of traditional know-how. I once got a job without an interview because I was the only candidate to not include a spelling or grammar error with my application.
Eckhart talks about how we can dissolve the egoic or story self by using non-identification with form. The formless essence of our being exists in the present moment.
And take note of this final sentence:
I can’t, from this fairly cursory examination of the data, find out whether this is due to crimes in these categories tending to become more severe, or whether sentencing for similar types of crimes attracting harsher sentences. But it’s hardly consistent with the hypothesis that the Bracks-Brumby government was a soft touch when it came to sentencing policy.
Directed by Annie J. Howell and Lisa Robinson, the film opens May 11th at Cinema Village in NYC (22 E. 12th Street). Cast includes Anna Margaret Hollyman, Richard Hoag, Andre Holland, Sarah Rafferty, Mary Beth Peil, and Susan Kelechi Watson.
The sponges did rise but also sank in the middle slightly. I have had this problem before with sponges made from lots of whisked egg whites. The end result was quite a crater in the middle by the time the cakes were stacked.
"Somebody call me?"
Brad: The Garage has one of the more unique atmospheres of any bar I have been to. In previous trips, I have gone with one thing in mind: overpay for a beer and ensure good conversation with friends. This trip, the goal was to enjoy some solid pub-grub and not hear the same recycled jokes: Greg will vote for Romney, Joey is unemployed and has roommates, I love Creed and Blake is stupid. (Only two of those are true by the way.) Sadly, only half of my mission was met. The joint was filled and it was incredibly musty inside – not the most comfortable of dining environments. I went with the smoked turkey and swiss on wheat with lettuce, tomato and cucumbers. It was priceless!… literally. The menu was devoid of numbers so I hadn’t any idea what I was paying. (Nice to see that somewhere in this wonderfully progressive state the lottery exists somewhere.) The sandwich came served with Wavy Lays and a pickle. I washed it down with water, as I wasn’t sure a soda would push my tab over 20 bones. The sandwich was good, but I feel I could have made it myself. It was rather average and I feel that if the cucumbers were missing, this would have been a disappointment. After enjoying my meal, I rolled the dice and headed to pay: $6.80. Not bad at all. Wish I could say the same for the temperature inside and the quality of food. The Garage is a great place to enjoy a cold beer – and they have plenty varieties to choose from. Sadly, this was not a “bar review.” You’re better off eating before you arrive and saving the scratch for a nice Good People Brown or other libation of choice.
The film supposedly takes place in the 1940s, but the story itself is timeless. As Manuel and his family drifts through the countryside, they associate and follow different leaders and movements. First, they encounter Sebastian, a black self-proclaimed saint with hundreds of followers. Preaching a doctrine that he will restore balance to the world, Sebastian captivates Manuel. It isn’t long before he takes part in the brutal “cleansing” of sinners in the countryside. In one scene, he is made to ascend a mountain on his knees with a gargantuan stone on his head. After this act of pious devotion, Sebastian convinces a now deluded Manuel to sacrifice his infant child in a blood ritual to cleanse him of his sins. It is only after this terrible deed that Rosa kills Sebastian in a scene reminiscent of the film’s opening murder.
and was sealed by Suleiman in the 1500's AD
Version 1: Thole, Reyes, Niese
It feels like we’ve come a long way – even though we physically only moved 3 miles.
These are materials that have informed my ideas about music and I have sometimes used in class -
Sleep apnea became an issue under the first head of the FMCSA’s Medical Review Board Barbara Phillips, M.D. who was also the Chair of the National Sleep Foundation (NSF). NSF receives funding from sources including foundations, corporations and federal agencies. Dr. Phillips has also been affiliated with Astra Zeneca, Boehringer-Ingelheim, GlaxoSmithKline, ResMed, and Sanofi-Aventis; has participated as a consultant for Ogden, Newell & Welch, PLLC; has received speaking honoraria from Boehringer-Ingelheim, GlaxoSmithKline, Cephalon, JewishHeart Lung Institutes, Orphan Medical, Pfizer, ResMed, St. Joseph’s Hospital, Swedish Medical Center, and Sepracor.
but here's photos for the wackasses who don't vote.
Yes, indeed. The following examples have been created by me for previous university or work projects. They showcase my experience with the above-mentioned software and the social media landscape, which will also be employed in the app.
But we are in an age of realism, idealism that lacks in magic
— Now my arms don't seem so small compared to the rest of my body.
The way they do, so’s they would get the early mornin’ sun;
We have a new addition to our little family...a beautiful little black kitten named Amos. His best friend is Blue-dog, and he slept curled up in the crook of our Dane's leg last night. All in all, he's super cute.
If you’ve been following my blog, you know that many of the songs I write about remind me of something from a movie or television show. Today it’s Felicity – a WB drama that ran from 1998 to 2002. In one episode, two of the characters (Noel & Javier) go to a casino for a Lionel Richie show. Javier was a big fan. The show was sold out though and they tried to gamble their money in order to by tickets from a scalper. That plan didn’t work either. As they were getting ready to leave, they stopped by the restroom and within a few seconds, guess who walks in? LIONEL! Or as Javier says it, “Lynelll!” Javier had been going through some relationship troubles and wanted to get some advice from him, along with an autograph. You could tell Lionel was a little freaked haha.
We have a jade plant and a Christmas (zygo) cactus that blooms on my birthday inside now as they could not survive outdoors here. But come springtime, those potted plants will go back outside. Living in CA and gardening outside as I did, I have little interest or tolerance for house plants. I shudder when someone offers me one and I decline explaining that it would need a babysitter when we are on our travels. I have seen RV'ers who travel with plants, or maybe they are full time RV'ers who travel with their house plants. I do not want to do that and the other half of this house would strenuously object.
When the COUNTRY LIFE cartridge came out, I just had to get it and I'm so glad I did because I just love this hen.
- Are freerolls, bonuses, and deposits deducted out of your rakeback total?
‘lower than the average American, and a Reuters analysis using the same criteria estimates that Exxon will pay only 13 percent in effective taxes for 2011′.
2068-2-4 Upper Thamakoshi would like to welcome to our chief guest Prime Minister Jaganath Kanal and other guests
and its rocks underfoot
Each of the members were given different roles. Daesung was the laidback fashion champion, while Seungri was a bold challenger trying to take over the name of fashion king.
This would have been incredible to see. Imagine yourself as any one of the characters and this story teams with life.
Is Saying No Difficult For You? Ask These 7 Questions Before You Make A Commitment to Any Activity or Project
For all the problems with statistics and statisticians, an evidence-based approach to social conditions did have its uses, even if the immediate conclusions of people like Edgell Wyatt-Edgell were censorious. Statistics were not only used by the government to classify and control the poor: High death rates from poor sanitation could cost civic officials their jobs. And statistics were a medium through which the poor became visible in a new way to those higher on the social scale.
As if this explains
I really love this short little video! It is called GoD And DoG by Wendy J. Francisco. It is cute, funny, true, childish even…….but profound in the simple truth it presents.
So the Stats as of today:
I no longer feel the need to fill my life with “things” to replace what was missing. I no longer feel as though I have to buy the love that should have come naturally. The WASband seemed content as long as he had what he wanted and did not have to be accountable to anyone. I kept thinking that if I made our house more “homey” that he would actually come home and be a part of it. I learned that there was nothing that would make him want to be a part of the marriage… part of my desire to write about Life List item #8.
It's the original "gift that keeps on giving," Little One. Forgiveness. I forgive you, then you forgive others. Then they forgive others who forgive others...
To the GOP: Your own moral failings are blinding you. You’ve got to clear your vision.
I had an idea floating around for this, and then I looked through my stamps to double check for any 'text' stamps, and Voila, I found a heart that I totally forgot about and it fit perfectly for my idea!!! It is stamped, edges inked, cut out, and popped up with dimensionals on top of the PTI framed piece. The card base is partially embossed, then I stamped the Three Line Border stamp by DeNami Design right underneath it to mimic the lines in the skirt. I pulled the colors of the skirt into this too. Finish it off with a few buttons and twine, and you have yourself a clean and simple card for a very special someone ;)
Jesus has bought a 40 acre property in rural Queensland and his Divine Truth followers have been buying up nearby blocks to be close to him.
1970's harvest gold laminate counter. Usually, a floating counter makes a bathroom feel bigger. Not in this case
Essar Oil Chester Literature Festival, in partnership with Upton History Society, held an entertaining afternoon indulging in the telling of YARNS!
‘Dirty’ seethes with vigour and isn’t afraid to push buttons. An album created to be played loud (try title track ‘Dirty’ and the sassy ‘Dream Of Me’ for full effect), it is the perfect warm up for late night adventures or early morning carry-ons. Packing more than a punch, W!LD opens the ears to his journeys across dancefloors over the past few years and cements his reputation as a true body mover.
In Felt by emerging painter Deirdre Baugh, color reigns supreme. Baugh’s work represents an immediate departure from reality in its depiction, with the artist intentionally abandoning form and structure for large scale abstract expressionist works on canvas. A play on the emotive qualities of color and language, quick gestural strokes move fast across the canvas and handwritten words appear on the surface. Loosely stacked lines float horizontally and vertically over layers of brightly colored backgrounds – evoking a sense of excitement and intensity.
08 Gator Country 06:35
Maybe I’ve just coined a new term for meaningless, crappy ratings – “He’s just a stupid kid!”
“And so even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream.”
Recently I saw this post of an apple inside an orange held by a zipper, so I said why not and created my own version.
I recently had to say goodbye to my best friend Summer this past weekend. It wasn't the goodbye I would have liked to end our time in Monterey on. I think its because we both assumed we'd be seeing each other the next morning but things didn't work out so the sucky goodbye had to do. In a way it was good because it was like our other goodbyes... like an "Okay I'll see you tomorrow" kind of goodbye. I know I'm going to see her again, hopefully next summer, but either way, we'll see each other again!
Top the burgers with a pickle slice, a tomato slice and another toast square.
Do you know how many the Ford Flex seats?
laughing, chuckling the way Robins do, all at once?
This year, I’ve set up an event on Facebook for Cat Herders Day. You’re invited to come and share the ways you will be celebrating the day. You may post photos of the cats you herd and share your own cat-herding experiences, or if you don’t herd any cats yourself, express your admiration for those who do.
For some new contracts can be written, especially for those who have exceeded expectations.
The moment our minds crossed the threshold of the new century, we also crossed the threshold of reality once and for all. We had no choice but to make the crossing, finally, and, as we do so, our stories are being forced to change their structures. The novels and stories we write will surely become increasingly different in character and feel from those that have come before, just as 20th-century fiction is sharply and clearly differentiated from 19th-century fiction.
Needless to say, I packed my bags and experienced some of the best days of my life in Uganda—offering God’s comfort to His troubled women.
So I suppose I gave out all I’ve thought of so far for my alien story, although one stray electron did hit something in my brain last night, which is that instead of a single novel and one long single story I could make it a series of interconnected short stories. Interconnected in terms of the overall plot. Rather than trying to tell a single narrative that arches across all the ideas laid out the last couple of days, let’s just see flashes of it at different points in time. It’s sort of a lazy way out–I don’t have to invent filler after filler (if that’s what it would be), but on the other hand you get a series of vignettes a la Jennifer Egan, and that’s sort of interesting to me. Plus, it opens up the possibility of publishing short stories.
Since day-one, he was nothing but patient with her. He accepted her the way she was. He had tolerated all her temperamental activities, her pointless anger, her useless tears and her horrific mood swings. She was well aware of the fact that she was flawed and she even cursed herself for that at times, but Arham never did. He endured her in the worst of her moods without any complaints and she always thanked him for that. She recalled what he said during one such time: Tolerate would be a totally negative term. Acceptance would be a better choice, Iqra. When I fell in love with you, I never said that I loved your good qualities and hated the bad ones. Nah! I fell in love with YOU. Everything about you made me Love you. So when, for instance, you shout pointlessly, I enjoy that, simply because that too is a part of YOU!
Hear not dividing critic’s mocking voice,
And what about the Baker? Surely someone who cooks all the time would also bake. Ummm...not really. Pillsbury is my friend. I do cook a lot. I toss this and that in a pot or pan with a nod to the general amounts and ingredients of an actually recipe, and usually I come up with some tasty dish. Baking is a different story. It required precise measuring, no substitutions, actually following a recipe. I have trouble with all that. I think of myself as a free spirit in the kitchen...alright, an uptight Virgo-ish free spirit, but still, I do what feels right at the moment in my psycho controlling mind. Baking wants to dictate my moments. That doesn't quite mesh for me.
In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese and extract until smooth. Gradually add confectioners' sugar, beating well.
The world is still a beautiful place, even though bad things tend to happen all the time.
Hurricane season is in full force, and in Miami, where Hurricane Andrew blew thousands of buildings to bits and trashed one of the region offices where special education offices kept thousands of students’ IEPs and 504 plans, we learned a very important lesson.
Small wonder these people are confused about their own identity! A "trekBoer", a "grensBoer", a "Voortrekker" and a "Boer" all refer to exactly the same people who had founded and supported the Independent Boer Republics of Natalia, the Orange Free State and the Transvaal (ZAR) and who were independent citizens in their own democratic republics for about fifty years before the British destroyed them in their ethnic-cleansing campaign.
and just about the best book yet on NI.
The main issue is really my family. I can’t help but think that we are all getting older, and I am cheating my mother and stepdad out of being involved with my children on a daily basis. That we are cheating ourselves out of being involved with them. My sister is the one we have appointed as legal guardian should anything truly terrible happen, yet she’s only met the kids twice.
Paul Lincoln died in January this year but, back when Paul Raymond was starting his seminal Revuebar in Walker’s Court in 1958 – allegedly the first strip club in Britain – Lincoln was promoting wrestling bouts around the country as well as running the 2i’s.
3. Fitmama postnatal workout DVD. I just ordered the pregnancy DVD by her. I haven't tried it yet (obviously since I just ordered it yesterday), but I was encouraged by all the great reviews. Anyone try any of her workouts before? Or mabye there are better ones out there? Any all and suggestions welcome!
And yes, it's true, I've been known to land myself in situations under the auspice of shutting someone up. My stint with vampire caste, down below, and ending up the historical society's board are shinning examples of this. Perhaps I am given to just a little curiosity, if not outright hypocrisy. After all, those experiences did provide me with memories, stories, and things I might not have exposed myself to otherwise, and maybe I should a t least be a little grateful for that.
In a second study, participants were asked to watch two videos while having their heart rate monitored. One video showed somebody explaining how to build a patio. The other showed children who were suffering from cancer. After watching the videos, participants indicated how much compassion they felt while watching either video. Social class was measured by asking participants questions about their family’s level of income and education. The results of the study showed that participants on the lower end of the spectrum, with less income and education, were more likely to report feeling compassion while watching the video of the cancer patients. In addition, their heart rates slowed down while watching the cancer video—a response that is associated with paying greater attention to the feelings and motivations of others.
Phone: 905-946-9666
My dad had come too. (We won't go into my eardrum-shattering reception of his presence.) My family, my family, my family. Together to share in the realization of the dream that started when my granny was the first person in our family to become a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, back in the 1970's.
so that everyone who believes in me might not remain in darkness.
It hadn’t even been a year
- Lori was diagnosed with Stage 2 breast cancer, BUT +, they were able to shrink the tumor before her surgery.
Cleveland fans are in a difficult spot, especially for fans who have followed the team throughout the 1980s. Naturally, any fan of the Browns has no problem rooting for any team that plays the hated Steelers, but it may feel a little strange rooting for the team that sent Cleveland to some of its most devastating losses in the 1980s behind QB John Elway. For many, that might not be a problem, and Cleveland’s sports bars are likely to be crowded by fans watching and hoping for a miracle from the Tebow-led Broncos.
And why I just don’t know
Thank you for taking time out of your busy day to leave a comment. I love to hear from you! Have a fantastic day!
He sleeps on the couch. I watch the gray people in the TV. After awhile, when I’m finished with the Kong and bored of the gray people, I whine.
How much do you make per year?
Lined with wipe able fabric. Main fabric bright pink/green/orange check.
ODIs- 56, Wickets- 87, Avg- 20.35, 4W- 3, Best- 5/22
I was very displeased to hear that a snooty Oxford college has banned The Circus of Horrors from its May Ball. Although I never appeared at such minor events in my own career, I resent this disdainful treatment of my fellow circus performers. Furthermore, I coached a few members of this company when they were struggling apprentices, it being my hairy paw that put them on the path to success. Those who insult the gorilla’s protégés insult the gorilla too.
2. Post the C.S.D. link badge on the sidebar of your blog with a working link leading back to us.
SierraMadreSue
To his endless relief, she said, “As soon as we know what’s going on, we are going to have words about that, young man.” As if she was his mother. Her eyes flashed in the gloom - literally - and she snapped, “Don’t give me that look, Relvin.”
"No!" This time, her cry rattled her throat. Abby would have fallen to the floor if Demetrius didn't put an arm around her. A few shuddering sobs escaped her before she could speak again. "Tawa. It ate Tawa."
1. All Along The Watchtower 5'56
Satires have existed long before films; Knight of the Burning Pestle by Francis Beaumont, first performed in 1607, is cited as being the first whole parody play in English. This play mocked the upper class, the middle class, and other plays themes of the time. The point is that parodies are nothing new, especially nowadays with the emergence and success of the Scary Movie franchise a decade ago. Since then, theatres have been filled with these (mostly mediocre) films from Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer, including Date Movie, Epic Movie, Disaster Movie, and so on. Vampires Suck is the latest of these parody films from Friedberg and Seltzer, but they struggle to capture the humor and fun of the series that catapulted this genre: Scary Movie.
Salt and pepper squid.
Firstly, I decided to switch my course starting next year to just Creative Writing. I have enjoyed Drama this year, but I really want to concentrate on my writing because that's where my heart truly lies. I've been accepted into all the modules that I asked for and I couldn't be more pleased!
"nothing is more empty than a BF finding out several weeks after the fact that his friend has had a loss or major life change, and didn't tell him." This definitely hits home for me. I feel like if I find out about something major concerning my friend from another source, then they are not really that close of a friend. For me when something major happens, I'm on the phone with a friend almost immediately.
UPDATE - Just a quick note about The Sun comparing their situation to the uncovering of the expenses scandal (to the point where some cynics might suspect they seek to associate themselves with same in the eyes of the weak/lazy-minded...
First, many media outlets provided the understandably dramatic visuals of the structure, as shown in the first video below that I shot, and Bloomberg's endorsement of the tight seating bowl.
If you upload to any galleries or forums, please use WMSC22 as the keyword.
6. Stress less.
No doubt at some point, if the police negotiators are unsuccessful, those same officers will have to force an end to this incident. If they manage to do so without being blown up, what will they face if they have to use firearms? Couldn’t they have shot the detonator out of his fingers?
How does the quilt-along work? Over a 12-week period, 36 fabulously talented designers will be making 12″ blocks that you can make for free. You can pick and choose which blocks you want to make. Sash them, add borders, baste it, quilt it, and have it ready to give-away or keep for yourself this Christmas. Or you might want to use some of the blocks for a mini quilt, a table runner, bags, whatever you like.
KIRKISM: “You worry about your miracles, Scotty. I’ll worry about mine.”
From The Publisher
“Has it begun to sprout? Will it bloom this year?
*Isaiah 55:8, “”For My thoughts are not your thoughts, Nor are your ways My ways,” declares the LORD.”
I was debating on adding a couple of chicken breasts to it just to get some added protein but I totally forgot! So maybe next time. Either way, it's delicious without it. I hope y'all enjoy! :)
P.S. 067 Charles A. Dorsey
Manhattan Station ADA Elevator
Yet hegemony escapes
It was about 35 degrees when we finished. There was still plenty of post race snacks and drinks for those of us who take our time. In particular, the chicken soup tasted like liquid gold.
But maybe the White House doesn’t need a slogan. After all, it has a person instead: a composite character who’s been the talk of Washington these last few days, and whose imaginary life story casts the stakes in this presidential campaign into unusually sharp relief.
Prayer is available to us with every breath.
i have been using this sizzix die like mad, this was a random clearance die that turned into one of my faves!
So, we can have sex with friendship. But what about friendship without sex?
I headed to IKEA and grabbed the stools cheap. They are the perfect size for 2nd graders to move around to different centers. I have rain gutters for show casing my thematic books. The white board is magnetic so my students use it as a making words center. There are tons of books in tubs, on shelves and on the floor. I keep a cozy bean bag there as well as pillows for them to spread out on. I am still looking for the perfect bench...the one pictured is borrowed from the hall and I am sure I will have to return it. I was thinking maybe colored Adirondack chairs in its place?
When the realization that a dream has meaning is fed from the subconscious into the conscious mind of an individual there might be an encounter with others during the day, or things that one sees on television or reads about in a book or newspaper that reminds one of the dream he or she has had. These types of reminders will usually provide clues to the person as to the meaning of the dream. We would venture to say that it is rare that sooner or later the message of an important dream is interpreted correctly.
I’m going to keep my fingers crossed for an eighties era street racing movie right up my alley. Enemies at a popular cruising spot get competitive for the Tawny Kitaen look alike. Bleach is thrown onto the streets, the guys put on their Zoobas, hypercolor t-shirts and put their lucky combs in their back pocket to race their muscle cars for the girl.
The research was presented at the most recent International Solid-State Circuits Conference (ISSCC). The team will work next to build an entire working imaging system based on the CMOS terahertz system.
Anyway, I’m so glad to know that I’m not completely losing my mind – at least not yet!
At some point in the past decade or more, breweries realized that they could get a hold of used bourbon barrels, opening a new vista of possibilities. After all, what goes better with beer than bourbon? You could sell boilermakers in a bottle or subtly flavor your imperial stout with the essence of whiskey. I have tasted some magnificent bourbon-barreled beer (an early offering by Widmer stands out in my memory). Alas, I've now tasted a mediocre one.
Water Resistance – What to Look For When Buying a Watch
You don't believe me? We have been moving, dealing with landlord drama, I have three kids, two of which I am teaching at home until we move into our new place. I am adjusting to E's new work schedule, I have stuff, I just can't come visit every day!
On that zipline, you got hooked up to a line and because I was so light, I got weights put onto my strap (harness). Some other people who were older than me and a little bit heavier got parachutes put onto theirs to slow them down because they didn’t want them to crash. My dad had to hold onto a rope and get reeled in because he started going backwards on the zipline over the river!
It was his directing debut that would strike a chord with America’s youth as Molly Ringwald played young Samantha Baker in Sixteen Candles. The story is one of a girl who’s family is too distracted to remember her sixteenth birthday. Dealing with early high school life and truly showing the distinctions among the youth for the first time and in a real yet light hearted way, which would go on to become his trademark.
pick the most appropriate excuse you think you believe
I'm a bad bad knitter. That's right, I did knit but on something new. Yes, I am burying my head in my pillow with shame right now. I needed to get my sock mojo going again, and my Felici self striping yarn has been calling to me. I mean, it's TIME TRAVELER self striping yarn. AND...And....and....
the money I earned, by force if necessary, and give it to people too lazy
Noodle seasoning :
Remember too: they are also subject to the same laws of physics as cars, motorcycles and you-
I was upset when I heard the story on the news concerning our Canadian Women Hockey Team that after a much awaited for victory and years of hard work, the ladies decided to have a little party on the ice. Two hours after the women's hockey team won 2-0 over the American team in the final, the medalists went back on the ice. They had waited until all the fans had cleared the building and being in a state of joyousness gravitated out to the arena where they had had their glorious win. To be connected to the ice where it all began and ended. Only to be ratted out by an American journalist who had just seen his team trounced.
And you've not visited
I use a LOT.......we love it here, but you might like less, so add it until you have just the level you like.
The main drawback in Misfits for me is the skeevy presence of Eli Wallach as Guido. Nothing personal against him as an actor, we all love him as Angel Eyes in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and as the crafty Sicilian seducer in Baby Doll, but his Guido in The Misfits is grossly repugnant; I don't want to see Wallach in anything for weeks after a Misfits screening. I want to remove him from the scene, and I feel bad for Thelma Ritter, forced to be the fifth wheel as Monty Clift, Clark Gable, and Wallach all vie for MM's attention, and would rather keep her as the pilot and ditch Guido at the bar. Of course we're not supposed to like Wallach's sociopathic pilot. So why are we even hanging out with him? Age is supposed to make people wise, and Wallach seems an odd fit. There's moments when he, say, cuts in Gable and Monroe dancing that it's like why are we watching this? He reminds me of De Niro in New York New York, where yes, the guy can act and the guy filming him can direct and the writer can write, but they all forgot an essential ingredient: why we should care about an unrepentant asshole? As sensible people we naturally want to ditch such one dimensional creeps at the bar and bring the cool people home, pick up a quarter keg on the way, and then turn the lights out and tell everyone to be super quiet if he comes looking for us and pounding at the door and peering in the window. From the moment he meets Marilyn, Guido ceases to become a character and becomes instead a lingering bother and my drunken posse learned fast how to shuck these wallies so I resent that my loser-ditching skills (it's a chivalrous skill too. Hugh Hefner has it) have no use in excising Guido from the festivities.
This week we have a nice easy one for you ,,,,,
Is this the price that all nations have to pay for an increasingly globalised world? Not at all — in fact, Britain is unique in having such a supine attitude to selling off its crown jewels.
As a Fragile Breath
And there’s diamonds and pearls in your hair, yes there are.
The encouraging bit is that, for a “fight”, it went about as well as it possibly could have. There were no harsh words. No one said anything that they needed to regret. There were no personal attacks. The actual “argument” part of the “argument” really only lasted a short while. I think that he and I are in the same place at this point in our lives…we just don’t want to make the same mistakes we made in our past marriages.
He allowed me to see that although I was being obedient in doing, I wasn’t quite so obedient in the how. I thought my way of handling the how was better because, well, it was concerning me!
*Let’s also remember food is a subjective thing. It is relative to your environment, personal experience and tastes. A great metaphor for your life in general. But, unlike your life, food has personality and character (yeah I know. Call the help-line) that is subject to the opinion of each individual judge. Or consumer… you.
Regarding this recording, it sounds pretty decent to me... I was under a metal roof which seems to boost the low end a little more than the high end.. perhaps it's just that I'm too damn lazy and cheap to upgrade to external mics because I just want to enjoy the show and attempt to capture the best recording I can without a lot of effort (and expense). I've posted some samples so you can decide whether the show is worth your time. I will say that the crowd around me was fairly well behaved; however, it still mystifies me as to how inconsiderate some people can be when the band starts playing a tune they don't instantly recognize and this somehow gives them license to start chatting away to their friends in a way-too-loud voice. Come on folks, show some consideration please !
Then I moved on to the CSS zen garden to see if I could adapt some of the styles there to my project. I also went to Kuler to get a working colour scheme. So you can see by the look of it that I’ve still got a long way to go (it’s probably best that you don’t view the source code, just for your own sanity at this stage, it’s got a lot of problems and I doubt it would be valid).
I remember thinking of a line from one of my favorite TV shows, Lost. Jack, the young doctor character, explained that in order to deal with the emotional situations related to his work, he would allow himself to give into his fear/pain/grief for a count of ten. Then he would take a deep breath and concentrate on what had to be done to rectify the situation. I slowly counted to 10, took that all important deep breath and called my Mom.
Since the presidential elections in 2011, Ugandans have experienced increased police brutality especially targeting opposition leaders.
I don't know if it's that I feed him less during the day (maybe? we do 2 snacks & lunch, just like his school) or just that he's resigned to eating my food when he's with me or what. But it's a pleasant change and I hope it lasts!
Emma xxxx
On the 25th February 1616, scientis, mathematician, philosopher and astronomer Galileo Galilei was formally warned by the Roman Catholic inquisition that his support for the theory that the Earth revolved around the sun was heretical. Here, we imagine the reaction to that controversial injunction on Twitter.
Thanks to all of you who came to my lecture at the Corcoran in DC and the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts in Richmond. Spielberg was filming his new biopic Lincoln in the Richmond area where I was staying and look forward to seeing how they turned the Capital into the Lincoln White House. Based on Doris Kearns Goodwin's book Team of Rivals, the film stars Daniel Day Lewis (who is in complete method mode and living by candlelight while there), Sally Fields as Mary Todd Lincoln and James Spader, David Straithairn and Tommy Lee Jones in supporting roles.
and bridal murmurs
I bought a pair of black open toe wedges over 5 years ago and after the first year of wearing them, all they did was just sit around and collect dust in my closet. Many times I considered donating them since I wasn't wearing them but something told me to keep them just in case. Normally I don't listen to that little voice as it leads me to be a pack rat but I'm glad I did on this occasion.
I am a graphic and web designer – and the publisher of the print version of Arts Guide, a free guide highlighting the arts, dining, events, and more on the coast of Maine. In addition, I am a visual artist working in mixed media and encaustic, as well as creating found object jewelry.
The point is not that social work education is a complete joke. The point is that the expansive definition of social work leaves the empire dangerously overstretched, when the barbarians are at the gates. Simply put, if social work students are training to be all things to all people, then they will tend to be noncompetitive for many specific purposes and, as such, should expect that they and their profession will tend toward obsolescence.
Barbara Kleinhans Sometimes it starts from a place of resistance but I push forward because I know once I start painting my mind switches over to that wonderfully freeing and meditative place.
My best friend in the world currently lives three hours away by car and not long ago lived three hours away by airplane yet we maintain a relationship like none I have ever had to date. I do not talk to him every day or even once a week any more but I always know he is there for me and I am always there for him. Think about the relationships in your life that are like this. Do you have any? How were they established?
29. I'm Gwine to Texas - Richard Amerson
Next week’s topic is 10 THINGS YOU WISH YOU COULD DELETE. But since it is a day after Mother’s day, feel free to submit a list to celebrate your mom. I would advise you against combining the two though…
if it's done masterfully.
They drew my blood and I'm waiting for the results. I spent the rest of the day laying down and trying to not to puke.
As a fund raiser for Spring Fling participants were asked to make a figure to fit into a certain sized frame. These are being auctioned during the exhibition. This is mine. Honestly thank heavens I don't have to frame things very often, got me in a right tizzy trying to do that neatly.
- SeaWorld worker killed by killer whale (go figure…yes, I’m a snarky bastard). My morning producer quote, “Bitch should have brought the fish.”
From my soul to my eyebrows
One new release hits theaters in “Dark Shadows”. Warner Brothers has had some trouble with the second weekend in May with “Poseidon” and “Speed Racer” being big bombs released by the company.Johnny Depp and Tim Burton are coming off a huge hit in “Alice in Wonderland” but this one’s appeal is a lot less. It’s based on an old soap opera, making it a tough draw for younger audiences. People who remember the show fondly, however, may be displeased with how much more humorous the movie is than the show. Still, it should have a solid opening, if unimpressive.
Monday it was hot here on the East Coast. I do not know the official temperature here in Philly, but it felt like it was summer: somewhere between late June and early July when the temps get up in the low 90′s with regularity. It was also a baseball night for my older son. Yes, little league has started and it will dominate our lives for the next couple of months–particularly since the younger also started T-ball this year. The game went well, my son’s team won and he even got on base a few times. For those of you that don’t know, it is a pretty big deal that I am not jumping up and down about that. In fact, I (and even he) now kind of expect that type of output. It was not always that way. Not even close. His first year of machine pitch, he hit the ball twice in the second game. And that was it. For the season. Not even another foul ball for goodness sakes. No sound of a metal bat barely grazing the baseball. Nada. Three swings, three misses EVERY SINGLE TIME. It was beyond painful for me, but he was having fun, or so he said.
Black Lion facebook page:
Heck, what do other Christians think about? How do they deal with their struggles etc?
Hope you've all had a lovely weekend.
What a wonderful job I have. What the snap was I thinking?
So they go through all the motions and get his fingerprints and mugshots and everything. These are really the only creepy moments in the film, as when they print out the mugshots, his head and hands aren’t visible at all. That’s admittedly pretty creepy. But they pretty much ruin it afterwards, as the rest of the film is repetitive, droning, offensive and exploitative trash. They put him in an interrogation room where he won’t tell them anything. Detective Black utilizes the best interrogating technique, shouting randomly and opening his mouth SUPER-WIDE!
the story you were writing
This boot has no title to it other than Recorder 3 (24/96). It came with no art so I made a bunch of graphics (such as the one above) that you can put your preferred font onto.
“We the members of MK have pledged ourselves to kill them, the whites”- Nelson Mandela
We're very close to listing the house, but for personal reasons I won't be blogging much about the selling process. Once everything is done I'm sure I'll have some stories to tell though.
El Conejo Red IPA
O — Gas prices:
I think I'll be heading out to those woods every day for a while.
So with happiness in my mouth and joy in my belly, I give you my Berry Spinach Salad with Strawberry Dressing recipe.
However, that's not the next book I'm writing. I'm currently working on the last chunk of Impulse, the sequel to the Jumper book, Reflex. We'll see how the 7th Sigma does before worrying about its sequel.
Alright, it means bugger all to you and I didn’t say what the bizarre event is.
This is a term we hear all the time these days about many things. It started out as part of the War on Drugs. That was sure successful. Not. But the result was people being prosecuted or losing jobs for some things that were not actually drugs. Everyone heard about the railroad employee that tested positive. He had the same breakfast every morning his entire career. A poppy seed muffin. And yes, if you were to eat that EVERY DAY, you would get a hit on a drug test. But the people who tried to say, oh, I had poppy seed bread today, soon found out that it wouldn’t wash.
All of the challenges are fortnightly, or two weeks long, except the first which will be a week. The first challenge starts on March 28th, so amble on over there and sign up for posts so you don't miss any of the fun, and grab our badge. All winners will receive gorgeous product from Linda's Zibbet store "The Funkie Junkie's Boutique", and you can grab her badge as well. She carries the most unique embellies and materials ever. Not only are these beautiful products priced below MSRP, but if you use this coupon code MARCH10, you will receive an additional 10% discount.
Shaving is optional as other versions of FUEL are also available and may come in a range of colours shapes and sizes and I LOVE EVERY ONE OF THEM LOL
Let's move onto another exciting event. Our author visit. We were SO lucky to have Christopher and Jeanette Canyon come to our school. I do not have words to express how fantastic they were. We learned so much about illustrating and we even sang! Here is Jeanette talking with our students about how she created some of her images in Over in the Ocean.
"It actually feels like coming home again" - DiS meets Jonsi from Sigur Ros
Maddie lives in a world where everything is done on the computer. Whether it’s to go to school or on a date, people don’t venture out of their home. There’s really no need. For the most part, Maddie’s okay with the solitary, digital life—until she meets Justin. Justin likes being with people. He enjoys the physical closeness of face-to-face interactions. People aren’t meant to be alone, he tells her.
Sounding from above me.
Several years ago, I read an article in which authentic cave paintings were discovered that depicted women hunting alongside men. It shed light on our modern misconception of gender-based division into hunters and gatherers during pre-historic times.
“Well, this is a different culture, Mom. Maybe she would have gotten in big trouble for something like this with her other bosses,” my nine year old replied.
“She’s a gypsy with a mojo;
The reason I started blogging, was due to certain problems with my partners film business, I had to leave what I had been doing for 15 years ( intuitive counseling)and put all my time and energy into changing the structure of the existing business, and also branching it into a new one.
Inora: So *nudges Icewolf* what to do today?!
The rules are not strict, but sharing tea equally among us is the purpose of the ceremony.
this just puts me deeper in the hole.)
This was a true family moment. And I felt as uncomfortable as any complete stranger would feel.
I got these as we dined on the campo in Siena. The place was a tourist trap, and this item was the most unusual sounding one on the menu so it had to be fresh, right? Wrong. The fried coating was rock solid, the olives were bland, and the “meat” filling was creamy and unappetizing. Clearly came out of some sort of Italian TGIFridays frozen foods box. The 4 I had sat like a stone in my stomach for the next few hours.
.we´re not a soundtrack for violence
Me: What does that mean? Are you saying you don’t see her as someone you could be with for the long-term as in marriage?
* King's College London (UK)
Some of the ads are blatant in their wording and it’s no mystery what they want or intend to do with their clients, yet Craigslist does nothing to alleviate the problem. There are some situations where CraigsList should not be held liable. Example, a naive woman meeting up with strangers online and then getting raped.
Smidge from Just A Smidgen, who has a delightful collection of hot cross buns recipes on her blog, has asked me to post the hot cross buns recipe my husband used, so here it is:
Beautiful Cassandra is a Were, a prophet both vulnerable and defiant, blessed with visions that portend the fate of the world. A rare and delicate creature, Cassie must be protected at all costs. Enter Caine, a powerful cur turned pureblooded Were whose recent tangles with a demon lord have left him in serious need of redemption. Caine is duty-bound to keep Cassie out of danger—and that means resisting his potent urge to seduce her…
Union Civil War veteran finally being laid to rest 88 years after his death and 151 years after defeat at Fort Sumter
MARXISM IN CULTURE PROGRAMME FOR SUMMER TERM 2011
Next: Mulling and Tubing Your Own Paint!
This incident had the potential to be a perfect "teaching moment." Benign enough that it won't have lasting consequences, but I hoped, at least for my children, it would resonate enough that they would think twice about what they put out into the world when I'm not looking. It also woke me up to my own biases about they way I look at boys and girls behavior. I grew up the only girl with five older brothers. It really bothered me that I analyzed the gender in the photo before making a judgment call. I hope my kids and I learned from this. As for the other parents, I'm not sure what -- if any -- impact this incident had on them.
We spent the day tidying the garden while the children played.
What’s important to stress about this structure, though, is that the information was carefully tuned to regulate and shape how the stories were watched and remembered. This is most obvious with a story like Earthshock, where, of course, Nathan-Turner’s insistence on keeping the return of the Cybermen a secret required that the story be previewed in a manner almost but not entirely unrelated to what the story was actually about.
Angela Harding, assistant principal, said that they offer all the classes that they can every year, but if a class only has three students sign up for it, they can’t spare the teachers and there isn’t a way that they could hire more.
that flow from brush and pen and fingers and lips red
I cried like a baby when Aslan died (it had been so long since I read the books that I had forgotten he doesn't really die). Then when he rose again from the dead and defeated the White Witch I had a sudden revelation. I want to dedicate my life to serving this cute and loveable (but ferocious) lion, who will stop at nothing to defeat Islamic terrorists even if it means torturing them or spying on his own citizens. I can't wait for the other movies to come out so that I can learn more about what it means to be a Christian.
For any readers out there that are shying away from this series due to an aversion to The Clique, you needn't worry. There's still lots of fashion and beauty references but no name dropping. I think you'll find this much more tolerable than Harrison's other series.
As a homeschooling mom of five children, how do you manage to find time to write?
This recipe actually came about because I was whipping cream in the blender and there was too much of it stuck in there. I couldn't let it go to waste. Oh no. I also happened to have bought a whole pineapple recently, which I couldn't finish, so I cut it up into chunks and froze them for the right opportunity - this turned out to be that opportunity. They truly rock it here.
Submission Deadline: June 15, 2012
All entries must be in by April 30th, 11:59pm EST.
For me, the strongest books in the series after The Gunslinger are The Drawing of the Three (Volume II) and The Wastelands (Volume III). In these books, Roland is putting together his ka-tet, the group of people who will travel with him on his quest, and he first crosses from his world into ours (or a world very much like ours). The suspense in these two books is ramped up high; I have reread both several times and still could not put them down. Many readers would also name Volume IV, Wizard and Glass, as their favorite because it tells Roland’s back story: how he first became a gunslinger, his first love and what happened to her, and how his kingdom of Gilead was brought down. I find Wizard and Glass to be a little long-winded but still highly enjoyable.
Courageous and full of bravery, Cheryl took part in a patrol during exercises and with the military hardware.
Maybe it's just the age. Drew is 13, but she's a relatively old 13. Having lost her father at an early age, she grew up fast under the tutelage of her mother, a gourmet cheese shop owner. Her mother's sense of independence was not lost on her, until the summer before eighth grade. Having taught eighth grade for half of my teaching career, I'm aware of the changes that occur during this pivotal summer. Boys turn into your men; girls turn into young women. Everyone becomes aware of the opposite sex. Drew is no different.
Lovely like this... with maybe tall white candles....
New Orders since End of Day 01/31/2012, settled by end of day 02/29/2012
Okay, I'll shut up now. :)
'Numerous agents were interested in numerous writers,' he told us.
But today, is Umno a quality party? Does Umno consist of quality leaders or members? If you look at DAP, they don’t have many members but people look at DAP as a quality party. A very well-organised party, that’s why they vote DAP, especially the Chinese.
I thought that we would be the first to leave but it turned out that we were among the last
The case goes to trial on the same day in Maryland, D.C. and Virginia. All three juries award Dad his full economic loss of $2.5 million, and all three juries award Dad $1 million for his pain, suffering, and the loss of enjoyment of life, for a total award of $3.5 million. (By the way, if this sounds like a lot to you, ask whether you would take $3.5 million to be in Dad’s position?)
Oh my goodness....what a fun morning! I've had the heebie-geebies all week long worrying about this Studio5 spot I was asked to participate in and it ended up being the funnest, funnest thing....not scary at all (once I was there)!
Any night that involves food, dessert, nail polish and television is a perfect night to me.
He and I found ourselves describing our ideas, without conferring, in almost identical terms. I began to understand that while I had not chosen the battle, it was at least the right battle, because in it everything that I loved and valued (literature, freedom, irreverence, freedom, irreligion, freedom) was ranged against everything I detested (fanaticism, violence, bigotry, humorlessness, philistinism, and the new offence-culture of the age). Then I read Christopher using exactly the same everything-he-loved-versus-everything-he-hated trope, and felt…understood.
For a few weeks, this little guy has been fascinated with any writing utensil that he can find. He'll squat down and try to use a marker or pen (with their lid on) all over the floor. He will carry said writing utensil around for a very long time. When I let him use the sidewalk chalk last month, I was surprised how much he enjoyed it and how much it kept his attention.
As a Mystic, I am encouraged to see certain events from a perspective of someone who simply observes the situation “as is.”
I regret not standing up for myself more. I regret taking it on the chin and then offering my cheek too. I regret accepting without question the place my peers had consigned me to.
Everyone rides on a-merry-go-round
Candy Dulfer is to be presented once more as a creative and ambitious musician. The album is influenced by Candy’s close cooperation with Printz Board (musical director of the Black Eyed Peas and multiple Grammy winner). A majority of the songs comes from the common spring. Printz was even responsible as a producer and singer for most of the songs. Candy’s longtime companion Ulco Bed stands out for the rest of the songs as an ally. Candy and her crew give the radio the spores in all its aspects, – first-class songs and an irresistible groove. The album is produced by Dave Love. The album is now on sale in Europe and will be available in USA on November 8, 2011.
Boys Final (12-14)
While my odds of winning this game are not very good, I did catch a break on Thursday when the Mike Wallace touchdown was overturned on review and Antonio Brown scored his long touchdown. I'm currently ahead 17-9 and at least feel I have a chance to win. We'll see what happens...
Heat the almond milk, whole coffee beans, salt, and 1/2 cup of the cream in a medium saucepan until it is very warm, but not boiling. Once it is warm, remove from the heat and let steep at room temperature for 1 hour. Then remove the coffee beans from the liquid and discard the beans.
07. Shadow's Keeper
Let Down
This is NOT IKEA. I wish!
In East Barnet, this latest plan has been the last straw for many traders and residents and there has been an outburst of furious opposition to the proposals. This has rattled their local councillors, especially Robert Rams and Barry Evangeli. Some of these Barnet wards are not particularly safe Tory strongholds, and this sort of issue might well prove crucial in swinging the vote in another direction next time round, let alone affect the chances of any more ambitious political career.
Lyrics for MY BACK PAGES by Bob Dylan
…Yet the day goes on with not a sign the guarantee will be fulfilled. There is no earthquake. No news except ordinary stories and even a tiny snippet or two about “Judgment Day,” added for filler and human interest. His lifework. His empire. Now a humor piece for comic relief from the real news, mixed in with adverts about cholesterol pills and hygiene products.
Tonight I had a bachelorette dinner with my Indy girlfriends! It was tons of fun and great to relax. I know that this isn't the best blog post, and I know I'm not visiting blogs at ALL (seriously I haven't looked at my reader since Thursday last week. Send me an email if you post something I need to see! LOL!) But I promise to try and keep you updated in our final week! GAHH!
And with this episode, I finally complete season four. It’s strange to think I started this season with William Hartnell. It was definitely a Troughton season, but it took him a few stories to find his footing (and to team up with Frazer Hines). But now all the pieces are in place. It is just up to Victoria to have her first adventure and find her place in the dynamic. I’m excited to see where this goes. This also marks the last season I have seen (or heard) in its entirety until the Tom Baker Era. This isn’t the first time I have attempted a chronological viewing of Doctor Who, but I am determined to make this the successful one. Previously, I stalled out after completing Fury from the Deep, and my interest was starting to fade earlier than that (and for some reason I skipped The Abominable Snowmen and The Ice Warriors). It has been my hope that this time, by taking it slow and writing about it, I may actually complete this project. I’m just a few days away from the one year anniversary of this blog. So far so good, I think.
I didn’t go into details, as I thought they were self-evident, but you can choose your own. For example, the close cooperation of the Russian Orthodox Church with the USSR when it was in power. The reverberations from that will be with us for a long time to come.
So even though she was older, she decided to give gymastics a try.
The only event I remember going to was a dinner party at someone's apartment.
"How will your kids learn to be independent if you don't leave them to cry it out?"
Smoky oak dominates the nose with coffee, dried blackcurrant and spice. A gorgeous palate with rich fruit and nicely structured firm, but smooth tannins and smoky savoury flavours. I really loved the balance here – 93/100 points
Being an "incarnationist" rather than a "resurrectionist", Christmas is my favorite time of the year. When we begin singing the O antiphons, I sigh deeply and sink into the knowledge that God became like me. The Christmas carols and anthems make my heart leap as Elizabeth's baby leapt in her womb when Mary visited.
From: Miami NewTimes
My friend then said: You know that the symbol for justice is a woman who has on a blindfold - so that she can't see who stands before her. The judge isn't supposed to pay attention to whether the defendant is rich or poor - the judgement should be made regardless of the condition of the defendant.
We left around 4:30AM and we crashed as soon as we hit the bed. Woke up at noon, we met a friend for brunch at one and we were back on the road at 3pm.
For those of you out there who are in a similar living arrangements, I would love to hear your thoughts, challenges, ideas and recipes!
So you can imagine, him making a comment about the state of my down-belows was a fairly risky thing to do.
out of ‘nothing’
NSF International, a not-for-profit organization that educates consumers about food and product safety, released a germ study in 2010 titled “Surprising Places Where Germs Like to Hide.” This year they plan on expanding that study by examining fifteen utensils and appliances in the kitchen that tend to trap and hold bacteria, molds, and yeast.
Bass: Gary Satterwhite, Rhonda Morris
Dr. Crazy went and so did Undine, but for the first time since 1995 neither of the English profs of Roxie's World attended the annual convention of the Modern Language Association, which concluded yesterday in the highly caffeinated city of Seattle. We're huge fans of the organization and its annual shindig but opted out this year because we weren't giving papers or shopping book manuscripts or serving on search committees and therefore couldn't quite justify the time and expense of a cross-country trip. So, what'd we do instead?
Before I went on my Walk to Emmaus event, a friend at church said to me, "I can't wait to see you after your Walk! I can't wait to see you on fire!"
It's interesting. On the one hand we have this over-dependence on the comfort of 'fact', and on the other the fantasy worlds of Harry Potter and virtual gaming. What we can't seem to deal with is the inventive re-imagining of our recognisably real world that makes us look at it differently and uncovers truths we may not have previously noticed. This, ironically, is not an embracing of reality but a withdrawal from it.
Please do not judge her by "The Demon Lover" which seems the only one of her stories most have read. (I think it is included in a lot of classes). This is a good story but there are others so much better. I am reading now her last novel, Eva Trout and hope to post on it soon.
DFTD: “Well, the lyrics are presented in the form of sign language, while the instrumental arrangements are interpreted through the mediums of dance and mime.”
Only a decade and a bit later, it's as though past success as a soloist and her own desire to continue to dance don't quite carry the day when confronted with directors' take that the shelf life of a ballerina is shorter than a rose's. Suddenly, having three on-and-off lovers seems to be less appealing than before, even more so when the best candidate for something long-term, Patrick, a principal dancer himself, isn't into playing paternity.
A place of some renown,
Friedman S et al. Congenital cytomegalovirus infection. An update. Paediatric Child Health 1999; 4: 35-38.
S - Siblings: Sisters 1 , Brother 1 all younger then me.
People of God, we come to the end of Mark 1. We continue where we left off last week. Mark is an action-packed gospel filled with movement. Jesus is moving from wilderness, synagogue, city, and the world. This is a constant pattern we see not only in Mark, but in the other gospels, and that we ultimately see in the entire Bible. God begins with a little garden in Genesis, and he moves to create a bigger garden throughout history.
By the time the film was released, four decades had passed since Stan Lee and Steve Ditko created Spider-Man for Marvel in 1962. The comic’s enduring popularity, as well as a massive marketing campaign by Columbia Pictures and Marvel, seemed to predict commercial success for Spider-Man, which opened in more than 3,600 theaters nationwide. In addition, super-hero movies traditionally faired well at the box office, as evidenced by the hit Superman and Batman films. Reviewers also praised Raimi’s film for its smart script and generally good acting, as well as its high-tech special effects. The combination of all these factors helped explain Spider-Man’s record opening-day haul of $39.4 million. The previous mark was $32.3 million, set by Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone in 2001. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone had taken five days to pass the $100 million mark, as had 1999’s Stars Wars: Episode 1 – The Phantom Menace. Spider-Man would go on to earn some $403.7 million domestically, more than any other comic book movie to that date.
English Ale Yeast was used to fermet the brew, which was racked to a secondary in three weeks, and then bottled two weeks later.
The no-holds-barred classic about policing in the strife-ridden days of the 1980s.
See anything wrong with this?!?!
many different designers have recreated this chair - it now is available in many different price brackets, colors, materials, and fabrics .. they have chairs, stools, beds, lounges, tables - all with the same 'design' in mind :o)
EXCEPT GAI
Again, my ban from Stormfront provides a clear example. When they were judging me by what I do and what I write, the Stormfronters believed I was thoroughly pro-White and therefore not a "Jew," joking that my flyer on race differences in intelligence could not have been written by a "Jew." Somehow my work magically become Jew propaganda when they found out I'm a "Jew."
Judges 3:15-30 (NASB) But when the sons of Israel cried to the Lord, the Lord raised up a deliverer for them, Ehud the son of Gera, the Benjamite, a left-handed man. And the sons of Israel sent tribute by him to Eglon the king of Moab.
(all about long distance learning)
He wanted them to be green, and he wanted them to be sweet.
Toriko 184 (31:14 — 34:26)
The Musée was Renoir's home from 1907 until his death in 1919. He lived there with his wife and three sons, and various other artist friends who passed through. You can see works (paintings and sculptures) from Renoir and his mates, as well as his preserved studio.
Where to Use*
Anyway, I ventured out first to their place of work, not knowing exactly how to get to their new house. They own several businesses, including a tutoring center and a canteen at a school. Starting at the tutoring center and wandering to the canteen with Big Brother, I found Mom and Dad busy at work. Of course I sat and of course they offered me tea and of course they wanted to know where on earth I had been for five months and what on earth I had been doing. So I started explaining. As both Mom and Sister-in-Law are superb cooks, I included that my doctor recently gave me a diet. This line of conversation continued as she discussed the fact that I had indeed gained weight in five months. During this conversation, Dad wanted to know what I would like to eat. Twice he asked and twice I refused. And then one of the workers put a piece of cheese toast in my hand. So I ate it. What is a girl to do.
Stamps - Paper Smooches, Lawn Fawn
$10 says I'm back to frantic by the end of the week. That having no bread left to make the school lunches will be enough to make me crazy. That I will re-read this post on Friday and think I'm off my nut!
Chris said: “The planning officers were very supportive. They could see that we wanted to breathe new life into this old building without changing its external character. They didn’t want to see it falling into disrepair.”
The answer, I think, has to do with changes in the attitudes of our various elites over the past few decades.
I had two turkey sandwiches on wheat with mayo and cheese today for lunch.
Joint Winner : Ghost Drinker - he might be a northerner but he's cool and his writing is second to none.
inundated with it! Then you can go forth and face the world with God’s divine
Also, income ceases when a breadwinner dies, the very income that has paid for the lifestyle to this point. One should never replace 100% of the income but 50-70% is often recommended. There are only two ways to generate income, people at work or money invested to produce ongoing income.
With all-day-K in effect this year, the timing is perfect. There is time (It is time?) to focus on early numeracy. The number of Kindergarten teachers in Surrey has almost doubled this year, many of them teaching Kindergarten for the first time.
-Grocery shopping
Journalling Criteria/theme: Our Christmas traditions.
This last week we've begun our weather science unit with our firsties. This is such a fun topic for our kids, and with the crazy weather that we've had, it fits right in. We will have much more later, but here is a little reminder of some weather freebies we did last year.
CRIENGLISH.com
All lined up and ready to go.
So, I realize it’s been a while since I’ve done a New Releases entry. I’m looking to get this started back up again, but I’m going to try something a little different. Rather than list each week separately, I’m going to be posting new releases monthly. And that’s just what I did here for May. Please keep in mind this is not a comprehensive list, rather just the titles I thought deserved a mention, whether for quality of music, popular interest, or mockability.
For the last couple of months, my standard run has been to the Go Between bridge - an 8 km return run. In the last couple of weeks, I've made myself run up the last hill leading to the bridge, which makes the descent feel wonderful. After the legwork required to get up to the top, stretching out the legs and sprinting down to the bridge is such a wonderful feeling. I probably have an insane grin on my face at the time.
Before I get to my goals, I really wanted to thank all of my readers for being so awesome and supportive. I’ve been blogging for just a bit over a year now, and it has been a great outlet for me personally and I can’t wait to write more for years to come! So again, a big THANK YOU to you all!
John Pilger urged a march on Canberra to bang on doors (which sounded curiously old fashioned) while others spoke about disunity among Aboriginal leaders or that several of them were regarded as apologists. I’m old enough to have witnessed the effective leadership and charisma of the late Charles Perkins for example, and I’m wondering when some new voices will emerge.
On May 27, 2012, the term of the Constituent Assembly — extended four times beyond its original two-year term — will expire. And this time, politicians will not find it easy to give the CA another lease of life due to a judicial stricture. The Supreme Court (SC) has declared that the current extension is final, and if the constitution is not promulgated, there should be another election or referendum. There is also rising popular pressure to wrap up the prolonged transition, which has been accompanied by abysmal service delivery.
Having been an amateur musician all my adult life, I’m always intrigued when films — specifically fiction films — feature real musicians.
1) Set up Facebook and Twitter accounts and use them: Some experts suggest tweeting eight times a day. If you take the time to create a Facebook Fan page, make sure you engage your constituents in discussions in addition to posting updates and links to articles.
Whenever I'm feeling a bit lethargic or plain down I will reach for my copy of Rainbow Rising (1976) by Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow, turn the volume up to eleven (thanks, Nigel!) and get down to 'A Light In The Black'. Featuring Ronnie James Dio on vocals and Cozy Powell on drums, this is from Blackers' second Rainbow album and marks a high point in the history of heavy rock. When I hear the pounding drums, otherworldly guitar and ace synth solo I am transported to a world of youthful energy and dreams. It's just fabulous. I was a massive Rainbow fan in '76 but this came out just as punk rock was about to change our lives forever, thus seeming to consign this music to the bargain bin of history. It took me many years to even admit to myself that I still adored this stuff but now I fly the flag high for The Man In Black and his band of merry men. This music will be forever uncool in the minds of the eternally 'hip' - their loss. Go on, give it a go.
The water and the mirror, the causeway and the tower?
But having sat with a calculator for just fifteen minutes yesterday, I was struck by something when answering questions about money. There is usually no focus in costing these services on costs resulting from current ‘failure demands‘. Things like, legal actions, which have occured against the NHS and the police arising from s136. I am confident I could show that costs to the public from high profile tragedies nationally – including criminal and civil cases; as well as Coroner’s Inquests and human rights challenges – have been over £100m. Yes: over one hundred million pounds.
But it wasn’t you, the satined, overdressed
Happy 4th of July, everybody!
Above is a maximum card with the 5-cent Beautification of America commemorative postage stamp that was issued on October 5, 1966. This stamp was issued to publicize President Lyndon Johnson's "Plant for a more beautiful America" campaign.
The wonderful Knoxville letterpress print shop we all know and love, Yee-Haw Industries has announced that they're closing at the end of April so that business partners Julie Belcher and Kevin Bradley can pursue other interests.
Keep interested in your own career, however humble;
*How does qualitative information color this general quantitative information?
Choose the wrong programme and you wreck your body and physique forever and make it nearly impossible to reprogramme your body so that its metabolic rate does not always stay on starvation alert caused by your ill-considered move to go on a severe diet.
Reader maturity: 13+
The first webisode in the series:
Good morning. It is an honor for me to join this distinguished group of leaders from nations around the world. We come here in Copenhagen because climate change poses a grave a growing danger to our people. All of you would not be here unless you -- like me -- were convinced that this danger is real. It is not fiction, it is science. Unchecked, climate change will pose unacceptable risks to our security, our economies, and our planet….
Very Good in Good Dust Wrapper. A little rubbing to the edges of the dust wrapper with a nick to the head of the spine.
Another trip to the NEC in Birmingham today, our third this year. Firstly the photography trade show in March, April saw us going to the Gadget Show and now we went to see the Beauty Show; a trade show about beauty and make-up.
Neither of these fit, the only one that fits is with the role that he has, a character who cannot be killed by bullets in some contexts. It has nothing to do with morality, only the position of the character in the narratives:
Thanks to all those who took part.
I just got this book in the mail a few days ago, and it has already made some rounds through my school-age readers. They love it when books come that are written to their age level. Let's face it, though, there are MANY books out there that are collections of Bible stories. What sets this one apart?
Send me this type of Easter Egg!
This week we have a 'Friend of DYSU' joining us as a Guest Designer, Carrie. Carrie is a scrapbooker from North Carolina. She is new to card making but is having fun giving it a try!
-Divide the dough into 24equal parts and start forming smooth balls.Apple a little pressure in the beginning and then release,smoothen to get the ball.
I would propose that while those who have been laid off are looking for work, why not use that extra gift of time to either spend time with family and/or volunteer. Instead of sitting at home being depressed about your own situation and spending energy worrying, why not go to your favorite organization and see how you can serve. If you don’t have a favorite organization, ask around or see what area you would like to help with and find a group that does that. Even if you have no transportation.. find a place close by or find out if they can transport you there or find things you can do to help from your own home. Not only that but, when you complete your resume you have something new to add, you could show a potential employer that you have made good use of your time off and are creative with your time rather than sitting at home wasting time.
So the diet. Hmm. I kind of took a break without meaning to. Last week's weigh-in I had gained .6lbs. Not a big deal. This week's weigh-in, I had lost a pound, so I'm down 15.4lbs from where I started. And I haven't really gotten back to it. I have a goal of losing another 15 pounds...or at least 10. But my heart isn't there right now. I did have to buy a new pair of pants for work last Saturday and when I put them on for work on Thursday, they were already too big. So I am still seeing results, just not on the scale. My plan is to start again tomorrow. I'd say right now, but it's just not realistic with plans to go out tonight.
I'm putting this on my 'try before you die list', and if I were you, I'd go out and play this first chance you get!
American hops weren't prized; they had high alphas, high cohumulone, and were regarded as pungent and harsh. Brewers used American hops for bitter charges and then scented and flavored their beers with the sweet nectar of low-alpha, low-cohumulone hops from Europe. For 350 years, American brewers bought in to the notion that their local hops, which definitely differed from European hops, were inferior. As that all changed, mainly when American craft brewers began to discover that local hops were indeed tasty and aromatic, and the Cluster hop--the original "C" hop--faded from sight.
Seminar synopsis:
In his triumphant speech, Mr Clegg also listed the successes the party has achieved in 2011 under his leadership. They include:
We spoke to her later and found that these chickens had come back with them from their campo and there were eggs ! quite a few eggs.
Today I read this in Holly Lisle's "Mugging the Muse" e-book, which eloquently explains the nebulous musings wandering around in my brain:
Charlie turned to the rumbling machine. He removed five bolts and took off a plate which revealed the inner workings of the machine. The hot breath of the machine blasted his face as he leaned close. Its conveyor belt was still, its gears and axles paused in the very act of turning out a tiger, the last of which was only half-formed and protruded from a dark tube, unpainted and without fine detail. Here was the tiger that had stopped it. If he removed it, perhaps the machine would start up again. But that would not solve the problem of incorrect tigers.
I’ve been neglectful. It’s likely I’ll be this way for a while. It’s a crazy month. My primary co-worker is off for a month, so I’ll be taking the lead on lots of things, and I’ve got a huge project in the works that finishes in mid-May. So apologies if I leave much to be desired. I’ll still try to keep up when I can — including after next weekend, when I head to Boracay in the Philippines for a dragon boating competition!
While the IDB provides a preliminary summary of the amounts (in curies as well as volume, mass and thermal power) of contained high-level wastes and buried transuranic and low-level waste excluding uncontained wastes discharged from these DOE EM sites, the baseline Environmental Management Report contains no inventory of the radioactive content (in curies) of any wastes being treated at any of the sites in the DOE EM program.
The nice thing about traveling on the bus is that most of the immigration stuff is taken care of for you. At the bus station you are issued your ticket, and they take your passport and the visa fees. Visa fees are $20 US each direction, and 100 Goudes on the way there, and 100 Pesos on the way back. You pay all this up front, and the bus company staffer that rides with you holds onto all of it (passports included) until you get to the border. At the border they hand out passports and everyone gets in line. The immigration officer takes your passport and the immigration form you were given on the bus, stamps everything and you give your passport back to the staffer. Passports are returned on the bus sometime before you arrive in Santo Domingo.
Today was another exciting day - we took the oath for Rae to be a US citizen. It was a pretty cool experience with all the other families at the same time repeating the oath. When we entered the US Consulate, I was so happy to see the Stars and Stripes!! Before we left, we were trying to get Rae to say "USA, USA..."; "I now renounce my citizenship to China"; and "I pledge allegiance to the flag...". She didn't, but we will definitely be working on that. So, now when we land in the Detroit airport, and she steps off the plane - Rae will be come an official citizen of the United States of America!!
-herbs and spices
the same notes hung upon a prior’s door.
“Many of the attending nations already share close ties with NATO and have taken part in NATO’s missions, including the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan.”
And I'd look at her, with eyes when love was new, and I'd say: “Go get it, My Love... Go knock 'em dead!” And she'd know, we'd both know, that this was life and it was about to start again...
When China approves of your digital rights strategy, you know you're heading in a dangerous direction.
Kleisner, K., T. Kočnar, A. Rubešova, and J. Flegr. (2010). Eye color predicts but does not directly influence perceived dominance in men, Personality and Individual Differences, 49, 59–64.
Beat the system. Destroy the system. Sharia is slowly on its way.
It really is that simple. People are hungry for authenticity from teachers. When they get that, it makes the entire teaching atmosphere more enjoyable for both parties. If you are YOURSELF sincerely around your students, you will give out an energy that is going to resonate with them, and once that happens they will ask you back to teach again and again.
God help the tobacconist who removes his supplies from their church of public health burqa to have a little look! Sirens will sound; rotating red lights will flash; and store staff will come running as if he'd begun letting off acid-laced fireworks. OK, maybe not the sirens and lights, but I'm sure the terror of resultant fines will ensure a sound telling off for any hapless customer who doesn't dutifully comply.
I am going to go and blow that picture up and tape it to the fridge so am reminded of just how big I have gotten, but on the flip side I can see a precious pic of my son and I.
Chronicles of Narnia – The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe (Mobile)
A life well composed will always be the journey and steps we take to embrace the fullness of this tremendous gift we have been given. The trick is to show gratitude for this gift by using every single moment to sculpt the very best representation of who we really are.
If you would like to be involved in ANY of these wonderful projects, leave a comment and I’ll help you get in touch with the right people.
Must watch:
Very hot here today, worse tomorrow. Out to lunch, a lovely meal at the
I apologize for the lack of posts this weekend. When my husband is home I tend to steer clear of the computer so I can spend time with him. Father's Day was fun and the weekend all together was great.
1 stick of butter
So here's my take on her LO.
off the hanger, offers an arm
Again we both laughed awkwardly. I swear, it was like an interaction between a little boy and his pet rat. Lab rat, more like it. But the sound of us laughing triggered some loud coughing down the hall…from the female doctor.
It’s almost a week past my 10k run for charity and it’s taken me this long to find time to sit down and write. That’s down to a combination of work, meetings and social life and I make no apology for those. These inconveniences make up my life and there is no real way round them.
It was only after the game was nearing its conclusion that word began to pass through the bar that this was actually its last night of business for the foreseeable future. Details emerged that ownership of the larger 'parent' building next-door (a cinema) had changed hands, and that new owners had ideas of their own about best use of the site. New ideas which were unlikely to revolve around the serving and enjoying of immaculately kept craft beer.
But in Alan Pardew, he has appointed a manager that may guide the club to a European place this season – not bad considering they were playing in the Championship two seasons ago; with the money from the sale of flop Caroll, the club has invested in classy new players that have stengthened the squad and enabled them to challenge at the top half of the table; and Newcastle are now one of few clubs in Europe who can say they are close to breaking even every season.
“Yes. I’ll probably need to speak to you again. Some time tomorrow. I may have more questions.”
Another, October 8th 2011…
The bloke in black sups on his beer and laughs. "Ahhh, come on! It’s a story...and you like stories, don't you?"
HOW DID WE SPEND THREE (3) TRILLION NAIRA IN ONE YEAR?
Let us break this cycle now.
Then OMG I found this lamp !! I see antler things everywhere in decorator books and magazines and pricey , NOT this one . So I drug it home and more than likely it will be either in flea market sale of mine or ? for who ever wants it , guess I could paint it all white and set it in the studio , but where in the world would I set it ? It was just to reasonable priced to let it stay behind
Lilly: You haven't got the stomach for it.
Wong GP, Ng TL, Martin TR, et al. Effects of low-level lead exposure in utero. Obstet Gynecol Surv 1992; 47: 285-289.
Image of: Lindsay Lohan to play Liz Taylor in Lifetime film
oral surgeons
Green Mt. up and down Amp-Gman. Tired from last night's ascent.
I found the most delicious cupcake recipe in the Better Homes and Gardens Christmas Baking magazine - Lemon Dreams!
Everyone has their own writing process. When I went to the awp conference I met this women who told me she had to sell her tv in order to write. I think when I get my own apartment I am not going to buy a Tv. I think I am going get a little dresser, a small bed and a desk. Going to other people’s apartment’s and houses I’ve noticed that people have alot more then they really need. I know I do. I don’t really use anything but my phone,ipod,computer,books, and a bed. I read when I am not on the computer and when I am not on the computer or reading I am usally on the my phone or out somewhere. Television is okay when you need time to just be mentally dead. There are days when I get like that. I will sit on the couch for hours and watch marathon after marathon of Project Runway or America’s Next Top Model. There are days when you need your brain to just slow the hell down.
I FOLLOWED HIM AND WE TOOK FLIGHT
My current BMI is 43.5 (for those of you paying attention that is classified as MORBIDLY OBESE). A healthy BMI is supposed to be in the range of 18.5 – 24.9. For my height, that means that a healthy weight is in the range of 118 to 159 pounds.
Owning a good motor, Terrell pursues well in the run game, doing a fine job of taking proper angles to the perimeter when attempting
Nikki Carter
We had bows, ornaments, shaped erasers, and bells.
* Provides consultation & direction to programmer analysts w/ regard to data management & analysis strategies
Premenstrual syndrome is a condition that most women suffer from sometime during their life. Due to the symptoms brought about by PMS, some women go through physical and emotional problems. If you are among these women who are having a hard time during their monthly period, aromatherapy could be the solution to your problem. The relaxation that one may get through aromatherapy can help lessen PMS symptoms such as mood swings, depression, and irritability.
Now this is a patter that hasn’t got more than a season behind it, and it hasn’t any spectacular catch on its conscience yet, but I think that its a darn nice pattern, it moves perfectly and it is pretty straight forward to tie, so I’ll share it with you!
01. Finest Worksong
… looking back as we drive away, anxious to get moved in
Now I know why Thorne's books never show up in the shop. They are to be savored and reread, bookmarked and propped open on the kitchen counter, and reread again. I chose Outlaw Cook for the current round of Cook the Books, the online foodie book club started by me, and two lovely blogger friends: Deb of Kahakai Kitchen in Hawaii and Johanna of Food Junkie, Not Junk Food in Greece. For this bimonthly blog event, participants are asked to read our chosen book, blog about it and cook something up that is inspired by our reading. Anyone can join the "regulars" in this book club by posting and then leaving a comment at the Cook the Books site. The deadline for this round is January 23, 2012, and I am delighted that our featured author, John Thorne, will be reviewing the submitted posts and picking a winner to receive the coveted CTB winner's badge.
Ch 10, sl st to first ch to form ring.
She talks about toning arms here on another page
In times of trouble, Dokigoro breaks apart to form Dogu-Chan's combat armour, consisting of a breast-plate that fires energy weapons and a wrist mounted device that she can insert any object into to modify. Example, if Dogo-Chan were to insert of photo of an arrow into it, it would shoot arrows, if she put a picture of a tomato into it, it would shoot tomatoes. You get the idea.
But in Nietzsche’s last work, The Will to Power, the lack of an end or goal appears as demonic, and mirrors the demonic character of the modern mind. Without a God, a heaven, truth, or an absolute Goodness to aim at, the meaning of life becomes simply “the will to power.” Power becomes its own end, not a means. Life is like a bubble, empty within and without; but its meaning is self-affirmation, egotism, blowing up your bubble, expanding the meaningless self into the meaningless void. “Just will,” is Nietzsche’s advice. It does not matter what you will or why.
Sookie’s character has mellowed down – that’s a wonderful feeling.
down the road, sir?
2. Get involved in plant swaps in your area. Local gardens, gardening clubs, and cooperative extension offices are a good place to start.
I have had the pleasure of getting to know an amazing lady who owns...well nothing less than a amazing shop called Junghwa .
I could put on the back of a postcard
There are some things I want to say and some things I need to say. There are some things I'll never manage to say and others I'll never try to say. The differences are immense. What follows is an introduction of sorts to a new series of posts which I have planned for Memoires. In its nothingness it explains a lot... maybe even why I needed a break from this place and maybe why I couldn't write here even if I had wanted to. Tonight, for the first time in months I wrote my way through the death of an evening. The words I wrote came out something like this...
Oh, well. I suppose I am just destined to be the one at fault for the things he does.
Not a description of one of the many hundreds of locations I’ve found playing Skyrim, unfortunately an embarrassing snapshot of my neglected home, Skyrim having seized my attention like no other game I’ve played before. I’d like to make one thing clear from the beginning of this review: I’m not a huge fan of fantasy games. I prefer a blaster or BFG in my hands as I explore the perfect angular starship passageways of the many SF first/third person shooter games—I even traded Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion following a few minutes of play when I bought my first (now sadly deceased) PS3, due to its low graphic quality. Thankfully (I may regret using that word), Skyrim is a different beast altogether. It’s not as pretty as say the Uncharted or Call of Duty series of games, its colour palette somewhat lacking across the spectrum in comparison, but what Skyrim achieves perfectly is playability, and from that point of view it is unsurpassed—the game is quite simply astonishing.
I'm going to India and Canada soon.
I pass by several doors without even trying them. They pass by my peripheral vision: a red door, a green one, another green one, a yellow door. I lose track of them after a while. They all seem like black doors to me, closed, uninviting, hostile.
are the three rosaries~
Here I am in my last month of P90X and I can't believe it's almost over. I have thoroughly enjoyed this round and have noticed that I do not dread some of the workouts like when I have done it in the past. The biggest change I made was in the cardio. I did do some of the P90X cardio but really mixed it up with my other HiiT workouts, hiking, kickboxing, etc. This was a great way to take advantage of the program without getting burnt out on cardio repetition.
The political splits between the bourgeoisie and the rural, between elites and the masses, between its Ottoman past and its Western present – have muddled and burdened Greece with unnecessary fights and tension.
That’s just physics. One will eventually pin the other one down. According to Positioning by Al Ries and Jack Trout, “When two brands are close, one or the other is likely to get the upper hand and then dominate the market for years to come.”
Now I understand why I never thought to sample Lone Star from a pint glass before this review. The saving grace of this beer is the price and ultimately the picture puzzles beneath each cap. See below and try to figure out each puzzle. Lone Star winning 2 gold medals at GABF is beyond me.
Mains include a globe artichoke and Manchego tortellini, smoked ham hock, market fish and lamb rump but we all end up ordering the daily special, the steak au poivre, when we hear the words "bone marow" in the description.
And this is now.
reference to the maintenance of public order and racially motivated, especially, anti-Semitic crime.
Whenever you meet his girlfriend you're really pleased that she seems so right for him, you're delighted that she takes such an interest in his adopted family, that she's happy to spend time in the village, decorating plastic ducks for the duck race, talking about knitting and sewing, visiting the allotment. You know though, that she's only here on a visa and sooner or later she'll have to leave. That day comes round much too quickly and without understanding how the time has sped so fast, you find yourself saying a hurried goodbye of hugs and tears at a railway station, wishing her good luck as she sets off for another continent.
"Alberta"
It turns out that Jamie found this recipe from the kitchen cutting his dad of the decade of 70: was a yellowish paper, handwritten, and no evidence of where it was copied or who had recommended. He liked the result when tested, who proposed the challenge, and we could try it!
Track Town's Brown was a big hit as well with my crowd.
Simply comfy dress to be worn
Gomes added that the WPC members will convey the real image of the reality of events in Syria, hoping that Syria will come out of this stage stronger.
Have a funny news story to read. Actually it is the comments that are funny.
It’d get to the point that I was drinking to mask the pain, and then waking up with my head about ten sizes too big, and drinking to make that go away, too. I drank to run away, and the only thing that changed was that I needed more to fill that empty space, that steely ache that was always there to meet me.
Preheat your oven to 350 F.
moral of the story: Go to I-CON. (And look for me. I’ll be dressing up next year, for sure!)
They have a reckless disregard for the dangers of this particular course - hence the sign. That's how I saw it, and I'm pretty sure I'm right. But I kept this to myself.
Tony Peters, and fellow artists were chosen to show out of 310 candidates, with the winning artists given the opportunity to show in the opening of the spacious art gallery of Jones. The dates for this show are March 22, 2012 through April 30, 2012 with an artist’s reception held on April 19, 2012 at 5:00 PM – 10:00 PM. There will be live music, wine and h'orderves. All are
We will never know if God healed Little A or if he was perfectly healthy all along, but one thing I do know...God has given him life for a special purpose. Each one of us has the opportunity to use our lives to bring honor and glory to His name, just like Sammy did, and I can't think of a better way to do it than to build a baseball field, where ministry will take place and the gospel will be spread for years to come!
Beat drum and old tin pot, I’m high on you know what
This is going to be a long haul. I don't know why it should feel like such a hard thing to do. I just starting reading over Echo, yep 2 1/2 pages in, and already I've bolted to come here and whine about it. I will say this though, I read my initial first page of chapter one, and then the one I rewrote last March, and the March one is better (and I even know why and how it is better!). So the good news is that while I am terrified to read over my work and attempt to "fix" it, I do have proof already by page one, that I am capable of reading over it and making improvements.
Orangutan!!
I think Old Pa Hurley will be wearing a black armband on the next few visit up the Cons Club. Perhaps they will discount a few pints of Brains Dark to lift his spirits.
4. top the cake with the streusel topping and bake for 30-45 minutes, or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean.
It’s been one of those days–one of those glorious weeks actually when every thing I do or see somehow has a deeper connection to the mental stew I’ve been brewing. Right now the dish I’m trying to serve up is a bit odd to say the least. The flavor certainly isn’t right, odd textures, and a lot of it is just water and some bouillon cubes. Yes, I should have made stock, but I was in a hurry to start some things cooking. People wanted to eat, and I felt like a truck had dragged me down the Thruway behind it.
Circles ones being...
This must be at least the third time I’ve seen a story along these lines: the Cabinet urges Taft to fight back against Roosevelt. Among other things, they want him to release some of TR’s correspondence. Taft is about to make some campaign speeches in Massachusetts (which will have its first ever primaries this year) and this is actually something new: it’s unprecedented for a sitting president to campaign openly for re-election.
As for on the dresser, I'd swap out the sea foam lamp I bought at Home Goods with a gift card (send it off with big sis Maura to her new room down the hall) for something in yellow, a fun pop of color, like this Alexis Ceramic Table Lamp in Sundrop Yellow from Pottery Barn.
I don't think her Super Bowl antics will ultimately help her out too much, but I for one am looking forward to her next album, and I hope that people can hear it with an open mind.
#2: Yesterday, Jason asked me if I wanted something from the community fridge. I told him that I wanted a chocolate Muscle Milk. A few seconds later, he returned with a cup in his hand and said, "Here's your water." Then he frowned into the cup and said, "No, wait--this is what they used to heat your breastmilk in." To which I replied, "Gross. And I ordered a Muscle Milk, not water."
blocking the doorway to the kitchen, working your
A successful year means they beat cancer.
An excellent source on the topic is a Hanafi legal explanation written in English, Theories of Islamic Law: The Methodology of Ijtihad by Imran Ahsan Khan Nyazee. The Hanafi school — the first school of Islamic law, founded by Abu Hanifa — is the largest of the four Sunni schools, both in terms of territory under its jurisdiction and the number of adherents who are subject to it.
Some people say I should go out and find a man, but there are no men interested in me nor am I interested in any men. I am very happy with my life right now except for the lack of friends. My job is going great, my family is getting their lives together. A man is definitely not something I need right now.
The caucus was accompanied by a preference of candidate (which is termed a "beauty contest" but is really just a non-binding straw poll), and Huffpo reports with 90% of the vote in, we have Romney at 36.6%, Paul at 24.9%, Santorum at 24.4%, Gingrich at 10.6% and Others at 3.5%. The votes also award 30 delegates to Romney, and 5 each to Paul and Santorum. This last bit is both premature and wrong, since there with be a county-level winnowing process, and then the state delegation selected from this.
The countryside that we passed through in France and Belgium looked a lot like central Illinois, mostly flat farmland, which I was surprised about. I somehow thought there would be more trees. (There were both more trees and more hills than Illinois, but not significantly more….) But it felt pleasant and homelike for me, and nice to ride through – much like heading home on the City of New Orleans, except that we kept passing cute villages with little stone churches.
Jacob got in trouble and was sent to the principal today..... for retaliation on a kid who has been bullying him all year. (the retaliation was putting the kid's backpack in a bucket of mop water so nothing physical but still wrong.) The Principal said that since he apologized for doing it, it's all good. (after she heard about what lead up to it)
Feel free to adjust ingredients for your taste and family size - this recipe is about 8 servings.
What are your thoughts? How have you seen leopard print worn well? Any ideas on what to avoid? Can it be a daytime look or is it best saved for gin o'clock?
My son is not like that. He’s intelligent and thoughtful. He’ll protect an animal that is hurt, a child that is being bullied. My son is a critical thinker. We’ve worked hard at making sure he knows right from wrong, good from bad, and ignorance and intolerance from well, simply knowing better than that.
Where ignorant armies clash by night.
Whoever said it was gonna be?
Our final day in Croatia was spent in a small resort town called Cavtat, just south of Dubrovnik. We stayed at a hotel near the airport run by the happiest man alive. He smiled and laughed so much it was unnerving. When he offered us a complimentary ride into town with the BIGGEST SMILE EVER, Alex leaned over and whispered, "He's going to kill us."
I had the pleasure of meeting this great lady many years ago during her tour in a play in 1985. A wonderful actress with lots of class!
In celebration of the upcoming holidays I'm throwing my first giveaway! I'll send one hardcover copy of Ruby Red by Kerstin Gier to the winner and it would make a great Christmas gift if you don't want to keep it yourself! My review is here.
Here's my short-cut version of a homemade pizza. I am sure it is nothing new to many of you. Instead of making the pizza dough from scratch, I made do with store bought loaf bread. The only difference is, I used this local brand, Gardenia focaccia loaf instead of square sandwich loaf. This store bought focaccia is really tasty and delicious on its own...great for making homemade deli subs (see here), and it is the first time I thought of using is as a pizza base. Why didn't I think of that??
People keep telling me I should write a book about it. And hey, I will if I ever discover what might be the point or the angle of the book. I mean, what is the point of all the circumstances unless it’s just to learn in a very practical way to let go? To stop wasting energy where I can’t afford to spend it. To, once and for all, stop hoping to control what is beyond my control. To acknowledge, in a very real, I’m-breathing-it-in-every-day kind of way just how utterly dependent on God’s goodness I am.
At the end of the day we did pretty good I think. We managed to get most of what we wanted on the first slate and what I might on a sunny day consider a fair compromise on the second but that truly hasn’t been the point of all these words. No what this has been is an attempt to pat those deserving, a pat on the back and to the faint of heart give a message of optimism. Look, I know how bad it is. I know the world seems crazy and only seems to be getting crazier by the nightly news broadcast. I know we have to worry about these insane people who think the patriot act and the NDAA are good things wanting to run everything. I know everywhere we liberty minded folk go we always get cheated, slighted and labeled all sorts of elementary school playground tags. I know our country is following the world into an Orwellian nightmare and I know it’s happening fast, but let’s not let that make us lose sight of the truth in all of this. This dualism I always preach about, you see this is it at perfect working order. Tyranny has been allowed to plume up so fast, so far, so quick and its roots of oppression have gotten a deep, deep grip of the infrastructure. I’m just as infuriated that in our name, soldiers are being used as pawns of war and profit knee deep in the blood of innocent people in lands having no ill will towards us. I’m just as saddened when one of those soldiers can no longer bear the mental assault of what he has been ordered to do and snaps on civilians. I know how disheartened it is to feel that in the midst of all this woe most people are simply too apathetic to expect real changes. One not properly observing would assume the worst and try to cash in their chips but those of us with the pineal gland turned to 11 can see that the opposite side of the scale must now be allowed to push back. By the looks of what happened at the meeting I was present in I’d say we have a nice little 1776 part two in production here. You see in times of great tyranny we have always believed that titans walked the earth and balance was restored. The last most notable cycle we called them the founding fathers. A group of people as flesh and blood as you and I that simply could no longer quell the spirit of liberty within them and from that point simply did what was rational and true to that spirit. In so doing they changed the course of history forever and for a time had the legacy of having built a country who relished in more freedom than the world has ever known.
In no particular order....
Decepticonz - Get In The Ring (Too Hep on black. Ska. Bought this because it has a wrestling cover)
* Building safety professionals-this one’s for you. April 29 through May 8 in Dallas, Texas, the International Code Council hosts a series of hearings regarding changes in building codes. Inspectors, engineers, architects, contractors and safety pros are encouraged to attend. Click here to register.
Okay, joking aside, sort of, after the pumpkin wreaths I really wanted to make a Mesh Candy Cane Wreath for my front door.
Being published for real, and earning money instead of paying it: priceless.
3. The Intimate Fags - Nothing Doing
Adopting Puma is part of an army effort to find micro-UAVs that are more effective than current models, and just as easy to use. The Puma, a 5.9 kg (13 pound) UAV with a 2.6 meter (8.5 feet) wingspan and a range of 15 kilometers from the operator, has proved to be the next big (or micro) thing the army was looking for. The orders this year have largely been in response to combat commanders realizing how useful Puma is and wanting more, as quickly as possible. This is not surprising as SOCOM (Special Operations Command) has already ordered over a hundred systems (each with three UAVs and two controllers) since 2008.
New Addition For This Post
Still, with the dark turn my life has taken over the past two years, this blog really is the only thing that keeps me going. Sure, I wish I got more reader comments, but what blogger doesn't? What worries me more is that my ego recognizes the decline in my own work and when I do produce something I'm proud of, it barely registers much more in the way of feedback than the posts I feel are just throwaway fillers.
a little bit about this nicey: Paul Lowe, a real Norwegian Viking who came to New york 6 years ago and didn't leave. Runs Sweet Paul Magazine, an online food and craft magazine. Is a very nice guy, likes eggs and vintage plates and is great at taking very long bubble baths. A very crafty dude that loves anything handmade. Lives in Brooklyn with man and dog.
When the civil service needs a kicking I can give it with both feet if necessary – but sparingly. What’s been going on at HMRC in recent years speaks for itself – as to the problems of defence procurement and public sector IT projects. Yet these failures I think are an argument for more transparency in how the public sector functions rather than an argument for the wholesale privatisation of it. Most recently I gave Job Centre Plus a piece of my mind in my blog post Today at the Job Centre. But what I try to do when I throw criticisms around in the field of public administration is to suggest possible solutions and improvements. I did the same in my comments about CreativeFront’s Culture Hack Day in Cambridge this week.
God is not impressed by our reputations. He has unlimited insight into the real quality of our character.
So, there I was in the supermarket leisurely heading for the checkout with a basket containing (just to add a little local colour and personal detail to this post) a head of broccoli, a largish asteroid-shaped sweet potato, a blister-pack of two spare heads for my electric toothbrush, a chicken tikka masala microwavable ready-meal, a cheap pink non-slip steel rule (12″), and a box of Weetabix..
interiors and antiques.
"To talk of many things:
"The break-off last year is bigger than anything seen for at least 150 years," glacial researcher Alun Hubbard said.
Jesus uses the phrase “Son of Man” to refer to Himself more than any other title, and so it seems to have a religious/positive connotation. It seems unlikely that the Bible would describe someone as the offspring of man and intend it as a derogatory term and yet use it of the prophets and Jesus himself. So, I think that knocks out “Option #1″ at least in specifics, although, the general idea remains that the “ungodly” intermarried with the “godly.”
I know that full well.
MOLOKO MOLOTO
Now here's a little history: Kowalczyk herself was banned from competition for doping in 2005! And she's worked hard to regain some respect and prove her skills. As the reigning world champion, it sure stung to see a veteran like Marit Bjoergen, who hasn't won any recent world events, have a spectacular Olympics, taking gold in events that favored Kowalcyzk. Marit Bjoergen handled the accusations and the apology with class. Finland's Aino-Kaisa Saarinen wins bronze.
One phrase that seemed popular in college that I never hear any more is the "hot beef injection". Google only had 23,900 hits for it. I wrote the "HBI Song" with a buddy in college...typical E5 chords no-skill riff rock.
Anyway, Chapter Six done. Wordcount approximately 30,000. I think I'm about 1/3 of the way through this draft, if I stick to my vague outline and if my vague outline is anything like accurate. This weekend I told Mighty Reader that I'm shooting to have the first draft complete and, you know, possibly even revised once or twice by the end of July. We'll see.
Now, a woman having the best day of her life who finds out she's stuck at a remote airport in a third-world country with an orphan she just adopted, a child who needs a heart medication refilled ASAP... that’s a hook. And let’s say this woman is one of those Doctor Without Borders nurse volunteers who helps kids get surgeries. And let’s say that she’s been waiting to adopt since she discovered ten years ago that she can't have children, which broke up her first marriage. That's a woman we care about, a woman who deserves a little happiness of her own and we want to cheer her toward that goal. That’s a heart. Get it?
That is why after a day in the clothing compulsive world We have the sanctuary of our home where we can shed our garments and allow our bodies and mind to be free.
Food manufactures purposely hide MSG in labels by adding other free glutamates that cause they same negative effects as MSG. Some companies avoid the label all together by adding the free glutamates to say their frying oil instead of the chips or fries themselves, and other various sneaky moves.
How sweet is this proposal video? This spontaneous moment feels just as romantic as a dramatic gesture.
1. Remember that if you sign a contract with Simon & Schuster that includes this clause, they’ll say you’re wed to them. Your book will live and die with this particular conglomerate.
We need both momentum and energy because energy includes other variables besides mass and velocity. When we need to include other elements (spring force, for example) we use energy, but it’s much simpler to use momentum when only velocity and mass are involved.
In a sea of 30+ courses, the previous was but a minor blip in the meal and one spoonful of the Yuba skin Chawanmushi brought my taste buds back to dining nirvana. The savoury steamed egg custard was chock-full of goodies – uni, shrimp, crab, red snapper, gingko nuts, squash, mitsuba (Japanese wild parsley), ginger and the ever popular gold leaf. Unlike your bog standard chawanmushi, Hiro-san’s rendition had a layer of flavoured dashi above the set egg, which when mixed in with the custard produced a comforting thick silky soup.
After the presentation, people came to the foot of the stage to ask questions to all three presenters. After a few minutes, rather than talking down to people from the higher stage, Dr. Joachim hopped off the stage and spoke to people at “eye-level” — and from my observation, not as an award-winning visionary, architect and sustainable urban designer — but simply person to person sharing ideas and concepts.
Weight Watchers PointsPlus = 4 points (per 8 oz serving) There are 13 servings in this pot. YES – 4 freakin points. OMG.
Hopefully, after another night's sleep I will feel revived for the weekend.
The Japanese family that owned and ran the gardens and tea house were "relocated" to an interment camp during WWII and never returned to live there again. One child, now in her 80's, did come for the dedication of the tea gardens as city park a few years ago. You can imagine how emotional that must have been!
Happy faces,
Tim Riggins (Taylor Kitsch): A star in his own right at the fullback position, he doesn’t really live life very responsibly. He shows up to practice drunk, seems to think he’ll never leave Dillon after high school, and in general doesn’t really get along with many people. It’s pretty clear he is going to be a major player in lots of drama or surprises in the show going forward.
2 – Go it aloneIf you need to have someone checking up on you, it’s a sure sign of your incompetence and lack of self-control. Independent-minded people make the most progress when they bypass the team and do their own thing. Accountability is overrated.
today and have them listed in my Etsy OR maybe they'll just trickle in,
The cards were good reminders for me…I put them on the refrigerator, the bathroom mirror, in my car…anywhere I would be reminded to just give “scary things” a try…things such as keeping going when I get confused or overwhelmed, speaking up in larger meetings, showing that I’m vulnerable, setting limits about how much I’m willing to do…those ordinary kinds of concerns.
I wasn't going to stitch the front because I thought it might look a bit messy but the ribbon kept sliding up so I had to in the end. It looks really nice though and I'm glad I did it. I just stretched the elastic out to match the ribbon again and sewed along the top and bottom. I think it looks quite fancy because it slightly ruffles the ribbon to match the waistband!
Beer, not so much. For one thing, style variation is tremendous. Is there any product with such an expansive range of flavors? But even within styles, tastes are usually pretty easy to distinguish. Put five IPAs in a blind flight and have people taste them, and they'll be able to tell the difference. In beer, blind tasting is heartening for this reason. Unlike wine, the flavors are different enough that even a rank novice would be able to tell. (And trying to conceal a stout among them--good luck with that.) Not every style is as easy, but I don't think anyone would argue that beer is a lot more obvious than wine.
A Feast of Snakes by Harry Crews
He was expelled from the Labor Party because he supported conscription. He thought it was needed to win the war. The Labor Party didn't like that.
Just when I thought I had seen it all from Todd Bentley and friends, here is the latest DVD series from John Crowder…Supernatural phenomena discussed on this teaching set include:
“7 In the third year of his reign he sent his officials Ben-Hail, Obadiah, Zechariah, Nethanel and Micaiah to teach in the towns ofJudah. 8 With them were certain Levites—Shemaiah, Nethaniah, Zebadiah, Asahel, Shemiramoth, Jehonathan, Adonijah, Tobijah and Tob-Adonijah—and the priests Elishama and Jehoram. 9 They taught throughoutJudah, taking with them the Book of the Law of the LORD; they went around to all the towns ofJudahand taught the people.”
to a gong beat bong
AEI Sells Its 47.2% Interest In Proenergia Internacional To COPEC For $240 Million 14
Kevin
Today the DT is showcasing a couple of the newest sets released by Gina K Designs last week! These sets are packed with cute images that you can mix & match and create a ton of projects with! This first card I did uses “Blooming With Blessings” and its filled with sweet lil’ animals ready for Spring—Rupa Shevde is the illustrator of these cuties. My papers are new from MME Miss Caroline line. Some fun buttons and lots of Crystal Lacquer on the water & sprinkled some DecoArt Glamour Dust on top so the glitter suspends in it—such a cool effect.
so that we may hammer day and night,
so, it's been some time since my last post... in the meantime I have finished uni, flown back and forth between london and home many times, and as of last week - started at my first proper job. anyway, if you've been following this blog for a while, you're probably used to my erratic ways of posting ;)
Why ON EARTH would the government make her an “ambassador for Britain” when she loves this country so much she chooses to live in the U.S?????
Jack and Jill would probably be one of the few Nursery Rhymes to make it through on account of the fact that it is the clumsy white male who falls and breaks his crown, whilst Jill's “tumbling” would become clever athletics which enable the smart (now Muslim feminist) Jill to avoid the same fate as her inferior male counterpart. (And you don't want to know how they would almost certainly adapt Goldlocks and the Three bears)
How was everyone's "hump day"? Any fun weekend plans?
We all know what happens when a First Nation protects its traditional lands from destruction - we have the RCMP, the police and the military come in and take our people down - even to the point of shooting and killing us. In between military maneuovers against us, Canada has adopted an ancient military tactic of starving us off our lands. Our people are the poorest in the country and thousands of us die pre-mature deaths directly related to the chronic and purposeful underfunding of critical and essential life services like food, housing, water and health programs.
Lad, our DM, started the campaign off by making one of us a trader and one of us a traitor.
It all blew up in 7th grade. Yes. 7th grade. They left hateful notes in my locker that said “Do we really need your friendship? No thanks. You suck for these reasons…” It was a huge ordeal. Guidance had me meet with each girl individually to hash things out. My mother went to each of the girls houses and talked to their mothers. It didn’t matter. It probably made things worse.
Rev. Mark Creech heads the Christian Action League of North Carolina and tells OneNewsNow he has profound respect for Franklin Graham, president of Samartian’s Purse and the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association. Graham and his sister, Anne Graham Lotz, are calling on state voters to approve the Marriage Protection Amendment.
For many people, the mention of Chiang Mai brings images of ancient temples, gentle elephants and adventure sports – charming and rustic, but without the glamour of Bali, Koh Samui or even parts of Bangkok.
One wonders what the football-going community (everything's a community today!) will make of this last week's events, and whether Gaddafi is still indeed a Taffy.
When the pasta was cooked to al dente, I drained the liquid and then poured the noodles over the top of the veggies in my casserole dish. See the steam?
I think it's safe to say that I've never taken my boobs out at work before. So today was a first on several fronts – first day back after my leave, first time exposing my ta-tas in an office setting. It was more than surreal sitting there in the tiny server room, computer fans humming over the sound of my pump, as I whipped up my shirt and stuck the suction cups on.
Replace the sighs, the fear, the protests… with a smile.
These are just a couple of gross motor exercises you can do with your child. By the way, why do they call them gross motor exercises? I'm sure you can now think of many others along these same lines. When it comes to waiting on long lines, giving your child something productive to do will make the waiting time pass more quickly. I look for anything to pass the time by. Whether it's Gross Motor, Fine Motor or even just watching digital picture books to exercise your child's brain. You know, whatever it takes. They're only this young once!
“…..The liquidation of Bin Laden will have no impact on terrorism in the world and still less in North Caucasus: on the country, it will open a Pandora box of extremism.” He in a mood of sub-audition has in fact cautioned that the Pandora Box of extremism is to be opened in Kashmir Valley. Revival of militancy in Kashmir will be fully supported by Pakistan Army. The Russians will encourage the Chinese to take the burden of Kashmiri Islamic insurgency so that the attention of USA is diverted and it is prevented from devising further strategies in Afghanistan and Central Asia. Water scarcity in Pakistan will force army to forestall any federating strategy with India even on the economic front, not to speak of defense and Foreign affairs. However, granting MNF status to India is a smoke screen.
Backstage to JL and Eve who promises a surprise for JL, she calls in Teddy Long and mocks him. The RAW roulette wheel is set up behind them, as Long pours champagne for JL and Eve, JL’s phone rings and it’s HHH. Hey look it’s the fountain from the opening of Married with Children, just saying. Well, the PPV is taking a dive in quality now, unless Hornswoggle isn’t with him.
Wait until you see the fun and gorgeous sets and how the other DTs used them to make their projects.
AHA! I looked for this video, and found it in an old folder of photos, but I thought I had put it online. I had, but on The Lyrics Game, on the word "brake/break." I was recycling old words, and found it. (I'm glad I looked rather than just marking it "draft" where it might never be seen again!) The note was written in August 2008.
We planted 5 different varieties – Kennebec’s make up half our total as they are the best storage Potato, we also have Superior, Chieftains (red Potatoes), Russian blues and Purple potatoes. In all we have over an acre of Potatoes planted.
I've had no trouble getting words on the page, so that's a plus. But I struggled for a while with a serious case of this-sucks-and-I-don't-know-any-of-the-characters-itis (which just became the clunkiest word I have ever invented). Even though it is a SEQUEL, which means I SHOULD know the characters, only they seem to want to be different people than in the first book, which is making me look back at the first book like WHAT...did I have you right to begin with?
Dinner involved me going out and picking up Wendy’s for the kids and tacos from the neighborhood Mexican restaurant for me and my husband. At least I didn’t have to cook.
When you have drawn off a part of the lye, put the lime (whether slack or not) into two or three pails of boiling water, and add it to the ashes, and let it drain through.
You're the maiden posies,
While I was out a kindly postman delivered a small minidisc recorder together with a microphone which the Archive Group are going to use to develop a library of oral history. It will take a bit of getting used to so I am not expecting to be bored any time soon.
My first half marathon was a fantastic experience. It was a chilly, windy morning, and at 6:30am my husband dropped Jason and me off as close to the starting line as possible. The race started at 7:30am, but because I didn’t know what to expect, I wanted to have plenty of time.
At Great Eastern Energy, we provide commercial energy solutions to manage risk and control costs for increased long term profitability. Every plan is tailored for each customer and their unique needs, goals and resources. We employ only seasoned energy professionals and hedge our energy offerings to maintain stability and integrity. Our service cannot be turned out on an assembly line.
10. Shimmer
Why did we plant wheat? First, because it was the only cover crop seed that we had at the farm. We bought it at Top Shelf in Duncan on a whim. Second, because it will look nice in the fall when M and kids return from Ontario. Third, the leftover seed from the 25kg sack can been used as chicken feed and for human food.
So, between since I haven't had any embroidery to do after Christmas, I've been sewing a lot! I just finished piecing a t-shirt quilt for a friend from college and have sent it on it's merry way to the quilter.
Somehow, even without working, I am still exhausted.
(Produced by Tristan)
Not knowing how long the blackout might last, we ate pretzels from the pantry for dinner. (Luckily the neighbors came through with campfires and smores and hotdogs for the kids.)
I don’t misunderstand you there.
“Until you’ve tasted your first cigarette, you can never become addicted to smoking”
“Oh. Right,” Derrek’s mind went back to the ground, fluttering at the mere possibility that this strong and attractive woman was flirting with him. He never considered himself a particularly perverted fellow, so he was good at keeping his hormones in check. The last thing he wanted to do was start undressing her with his eyes.
I clearly remember seeing a scene from Earthshock – where Cybermen march up a metal staircase. It genuinely frightened me, and I then remember running and wrapping myself in nearby full-length curtain to hide... 15 or so years later, watching it back again while at university, the same feelings flooded back and I felt a chill down my spine.
It is pertinent to equally let you know that all legal angles has been carefully examined before I contacted you,so that both parties can be legally protected.You must not entertain any fear, as this transaction is going to be legally documented in your name at the Malaysia high court. All the formal documentation of this fund in your name will be done with the court here in Malaysia where this fund is lodged.
I had a lot of fun reading this. Josie is bright and snappy, while Alfie is calm and reasoning - together they make a great team. Though just 13 years old, they go through the very depths of hell, caught up in the whirl-wind of their guardians past of mystery and power. Set in a dark and dangerous Victorian London they are ruthlessly hunted through the streets by the 'Aunts' (who are just down-right creepy) and their ghoulish crow-minions.
La la la la ...
I was used to being stared at. That didn’t bother me.
This beer is a cloudy golden beer in the style of a Belgian Strong Ale. This Belgian beer does indeed smell of the hops. But there’s something more to it. To me this is strangely reminiscent of the Unibroue Fin Du Monde, with the addition of a wheat beerlike smell. Spice and citrus are in the scent, like other wheat beers. To me the putting hops on front street like that is a bit of a misnomer. The hops are more used for the scent, not taste. There really isn’t a huge bitter note to the beer. This beer has a very heavy mouthfeel to it, and it is definitely a sipper of a beer. Frank felt that this beer would be well paired with a sharp cheese. We both noticed that while initially it was too sweet for our liking, as the tasting continued and the beer warmed. The scent too started to release its fragrant notes. All in all this isn’t a beer I see myself seeking out, but if you find you’re a fan of beers like Fin Du Monde or that style give it a try.
I love birthdays, but honestly was a bit sad leading up to this one. I was really sad that many of the people that have been such an important part of my last year were not here to celebrate it with me. But… both snail and electronic mail can do wonders in reducing the size of the Atlantic and was so happy to receive gifts and well wishes from afar – thank you so much to all that sent me some long distance love! It was really, really appreciated.
Good Thursday, bloggers! This week the Inspired Stamps design team is making Mother's day cards featuring the beautiful Proverbs 31 Women 4x6 stamp set. I also included the new Butterflies & Blooms set, I'm seriously in love with it and it's such a great set for Spring! I distressed the card base a smidge and adhered a green Echo Park paper from last year's summer set. Then I cut a pouch and a tag on my Silhouette and adhered it to the card. Cut the Proverbs 31:28 in a rectangle on my paper trimmer and cut another rectangle slightly larger. Distressed the white cardstock a little and adhered them together and attached them to the pouch with the flowers. Distressed the tag a little and adhered the butterfly and blooms I Copic colored to the top slightly hanging off the edge.
Once we got in the field, we not only became better and better friends, but came to depend on one another for help. Our cellphones were lifelines, texting back and forth, sharing experiences, observations and new information. And in one case, when we were training, commiserating about an unbelievably awful preceptor. As the job has turned more disappointing and frequently more stressful, it's been great to have a friend and ally to talk to. It's turned into a total Bromance. I know Brent's always got my back and I'll always have his.
- 1 tsp agave syrup or honey (15 cal)
Baked beans are definitely a great comfort food that can be served all year around, but seem to be very common at summer cookouts or picnics with fried chicken. Here's the recipe, just in time for Memorial Day. Enjoy.
How to begin to describe the experience I've just had. I could say vibrant, I could say innovative, I could even say transformative... but there really are no letters that I could string together into word form that would sufficiently relay the depth of excitement I felt upon seeing the international work of theatre/dance/acrobatics/tech calle Fuerza Bruta (Brute Force).
Well, I do believe that we can affect our mood, our attitude, and our witness to others by the things we say out loud. But I also know that terrible things happen sometimes and there's not a word that could have been spoken or withheld to prevent them. People die in horrible ways sometimes, even young moms and dads, even children. We live in a fallen world and tragedies do occur here. If I refrain from leaving a voice mail message that reveals the location of our will, that doesn't mean that we're any safer as we travel. It might mean that if something bad happens, no one will know where to look and read our wishes... and then there's likely to be some ugly, nasty squabbling. And delays. And additional taxes.
Jeans. I am obsessed with jeans:).
Initially, I thought my barefoot running antics had attracted enough of onlooker’s curiosity and attention. However, nothing prepared me for the overwhelming attention my Sarong running kit drew. Unashamedly. I did enjoy watching the expressions on people’s face as they did a double-take. the expressions ranged widely from stares of scorned to outright shock. I could almost hear some brains scrambling to make sense of my unexpected attire.
If I hadn't been the one who went through the 27 hours of labor, resulting in a stomach and a vaj that have never been the same again, I would swear my daughter was adopted. She will tell me about blumpkins and mosels and all manner of sick shit she finds on urban dictionary, but mention old people having sex, and she freaks the fuck out.
Now there is not the slightest suggestion in any Scripture that Judas was a saved man. In fact, the very contrary is taught. In John 6:64-65 we read, “But there are some of you that believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believed not, and who should betray him. And he said, Therefore said I unto you, that no man can come unto me, except it were given unto him of my Father.”
The Jets seem intent on stealing the headlines whether in or out of season. Might as well complete the cycle. I’m sure you can see it now. The constant talk. The over analyzing. The dichotomy of GQ-posing Mark Sanchez and praise-singing Tim Tebow. Will Tim’s intensity during meetings with Brian Schottenheimer outdo Mark’s? Will we see a sincere relationship between the two or simply a show of support for the media? Will Rex turn down the foul language for his new “major contributor”?
with the previous IOS-based jailbreak once more and once more on or round the gaps within the browser or its plugins. allow us to for instance to Jailbreakme and even the present absinthe-jailbreak .
Ok, in the moment, it was a must have, but who is owed what and who owns what? Is this sharing the wealth or is someone keeping tabs? Then after the purchases happen, who gets what?
Let not the needy, O Lord, be forgotten;
I have decided that banana bread with chocolate chips would be even more awesome if it could be made into cookies. Therefore I have decided to make those cookies, and so, some time ago, I gave it a try.
Mistah and I spent almost 8 years criss-crossing the country in our awsome ol' Westy. During that time our eldest niece moved from Claxton Elementary School to Asheville Middle School to Asheville High School and went on to make her way in the world at UNC, Chapel Hill.
and the range of whites is really limited with this brand (are you listening, Behr?!!).
As you can see in the above picture, the birthday boy wore a Cat in the Hat shirt. It is actually from pajamas he got from his Oma and Opa. He also had a blast showing off his new Cat in the Hat shoes, also from Oma and Opa.
"Look again at that dot. That's here, that's home, that's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives...."
At one stop they saw the Pigmy Hippos. The story goes something to the affect that my dad told my mom he wanted a baby Pigmy Hippo.He told her he’d keep it in the bathtub. I had never seen one until “Prince Harry” was born a couple months ago and his picture was plastered on facebook.
You may think you're all alone
Ms A is always a light eater – so she opted for some steamed vegetables. Our waiter wasn’t satisfied with her choice though – and put a bit of pressure on her to have the Roti Bread as well. He just didn’t seem to understand that she really just wanted steamed vegies. She ended up ordering the bread to assuage him, but she didn’t really eat it in the end!! That was slightly bizarre – but I can appreciate he was just looking out for her – but perhaps if the customer insists a couple of times, maybe they know what they want.
I have to borrow my roommate's, but she's always absent when I complete my mani, and by the time she gets back, I see a tiny imperfection or a tipwear and I don't want to take a photo anymore.
As dissolute as desperate; yet through both
Because you’d know that real gold also exists and is worth the search. Just like trustworthiness.
that disability is not the end and being handicapped doesn’t weaken the spirits
Note: If you submit poetry, the same word count applies.
Here’s another one of those “must do” cakes I had on my list. I was so excited when this order came through. Besides being a staple in my girls library of books, i noticed a picture posted months ago online. The Sun on top was a last minute addition that, I think, really made the cake. Cupcakes to match formed a caterpillar around the cake at display time.
what smoke of harps.
In spite of Brien Jones' efforts to defame me, lie about me, and make me the scape goat for all of his life's pains, eventually the truth surfaces when authors get robbed. As of this year, I've had authors send me letters of regret for not listening to me before they lost their hopes, dreams, and money to a company that gets by only because of the disinterest of the government of Indiana to prosecute thieves for stealing from hard working and honest people. And yes--I have proof that Jones Harvest has taken the credit cards of authors and put charges on them without permission. In fact, if you are a Jones Harvest author, I strongly suggest you check every credit card bill to see if this has happened to you.
Watch closely for footsteps
I asked Dr. Atul Malhotra, medical director of the sleep disorders research program at Brigham and Women’s Hospital and father of two young children for his input on the topic.
How many times have you ignored the iLife update? How many times? CANCEL, CANCEL, CANCEL – that’s the only language you speak. That’s all you ever do and now you have brought Armageddon upon AFT Computer town, meanwhile all this peaceful village ever wanted was tranquility!
To give a bit of context to new readers, at Macadamian we design and build products for other technology companies. We're a software consultancy whose mission in life is to help other technology companies create great software products. We want our customer's customers to be as passionate about our customer's software as they are about their iPod.
Obviously I did my flash cards I got from school and my readers but besides that I kind’ve just played outside most of the time..
suddenly that I didn't have a chance to do anything for her.
Clearsight spreading around his eyes was ice, but it failed to soothe the ache just behind them. The two sensations warred over Rel’s consciousness as he tried to pull Van Raighan’s Witnessing from his memory. Images came and went; Rissad’s hungry face, Dora’s eyes, still diamond-hard but wide with pain and fear, a group of Wildren talking to the younger Van Raighan.
Tortilla chips or thin tortilla strips
The TSA will now be searching your bags, and using drug dogs…on BUSES.
There is something absolutely intriguing about Poe’s works that make him an extraordinary writer. In my mind, although he was deranged and fully embodied the characteristics of a madman, he was absolutely brilliant. In many ways, I feel as though I can truly relate to Poe’s life. I believe, many of us can, one way or another.
- Decrease unit costs ( moving production abroad and potentially decreasing the quality of the raw materials) = NO THANKS
Zen Brush App
Cold is HERE...at least for another 4-5 months...
Fresh Spinach, Herbs And Feta Cheese in Home-Made Phyllo Layers
Beginning last February, Congress held hearings on whether to confirm the waiver the FCC issued to L2. The obama administration prepared government witnesses to testify in favor. Really prepared. One committee member noted that four out of the five statements given at one hearing contained identical paragraphs saying no real interference issues existed, and the sentence “We hope that testing can be complete within 90 days.”
07 Vacuum Productions-Dekalb Av.
"You're keen aren't you?"
And she's screaming with delight the whole time.
As the premier sedation dentist in Connecticut, I’ve learned a few things over the last 30 years at Gentle Dental Care in Plainville, CT that have been personally and professionally important in the quality care of my patients. They also have improved my personal happiness and growth.
“Yes, that I do; my kitchen is my pride and joy. I’ve owned and worked this place since the old days, as you younger folks refer to them, when I had to use that old stove.”
I've been very very impressed by the lovely people who's blogs I've been reading throughout the month - and I shall continue to follow them. In some ways they've become a bit of extended family - particularly lottabottle, marathonmiss, iron mike, travelling hopefully and too many more to simply list. Your support and comments have inspired me and surprised me that there are other people out there who seem to care!
Therefore, you can temporarily display ‘smiling eyes’ by thinking of something that makes you happy, but only momentarily, because you can only hold onto the happiness from a memory for so long before you must endure the present reality and the muscles have no choice but to tell the truth.
The enemy had picked this area deliberately. The shallow uneven bottom reduced the effectiveness of the torpedo, and to ensure a hit we would need a precise idea of the enemy’s location. The best way to do this would be to actually see it, which is why we were at periscope depth, looking for the enemy sub visually. To accomplish this, we had packed more than twenty men into the control room, a space roughly half the area of a typical Starbucks.
stuck pulling apart
With things coming up so great today, i can only imagine what kind of hell awaits me for tomorrow. In the great words of Conor Oberst (Lead singer of Bright Eyes for those who live under a rock) “First a mother Bathes her child, then the other way around, the scales always find a way to level out…”
And I think this is a good thing.
The next one is the "Henrietta Whiskers" block of the month by Bunny Hill Designs.
A warning light recently lit up on the dashboard of my car. It was a bearded “U” with an exclamation point in the middle. Either I needed to stop immediately for a game of horseshoes with Zach Galifianakis, or else there was something wrong with one of my tires. I looked at the owner’s manual and found out the indicator was indicating I might be having an issue with tire pressure.
Monsters live there;
About 2 ½ years ago I started reading one or two blogs on a semi-regular basis. Since then the list has continued to grow and grow and grow. As of yesterday, I now have at least 15 blogs that I read on a regular basis. From crafting, to home décor, to fashion, to photography, to finance….I think it’s safe to say I’m a blog addict. I’m constantly checking to see if my favorites have updated and it’s always a treat when I see something new greeting me at the top.
At the time John Starrs was killed, Free Derry was still in existence with large areas of the Bogside, Brandywell and Creggan behind barricades.
Sexiest jogger in all the land husband and I had a pretty air tight plan. We thought we had it all under control.
There is a bastardize in Bob-omb Battlefield that lets you get from one ancillary of the affiliated to accession quickly. Afterwards traveling up the aboriginal slanted bridge, go adapted and angle in the annual bed. The bold will bastardize you to accession annual bed, abreast the mountain. You can aswell bastardize from the annual bed next to the abundance to the annual bed next to the slanted bridge.
Granny Smith Road, Orchard Drive, Apple Lane were some of the roads we passed on our way to Turkey Knob Apples. The Turkey Knob brand had its beginnings in 1918 with the purchase of a 300-acre orchard near Timberville, Virginia. In 1994, Mr. Bowman purchased the orchards and packing/storage facilities, along with the Turkey Knob brand. The packing operation was completely upgraded with an all-new, state-of-the-art computerized packing line, and modernized packinghouse. Bowman Fruit Sales stores packs and sells 100% of the fresh apple production of Turkey Knob growers, which currently totals approximately 3,500 acres of apples.
Consciousness is the most striking (and difficult) example of an emergent phenomenon.
1964
After nearly twelve years of being alone daily as a stay-at-home-mom, my dear husband Steve is coming home to work.
For those of you who regularly check out my blog, you may have noticed things are a bit different. After almost 3 years of blogging, I thought it was time for a new look.....I hope you like it. :)
In addition to the proof-of-payment receipt, I'm to show up at the visa appointment with a whole slew of other paperwork.
with longing, and all that we
You will find that these pantry stable items will add nutrition and save time in your everyday meal prep.If you've been looking for a few short cuts around the kitchen, but don't want to sacrifice flavor or nutrition. Look no further!
the Babe, the King, the One.
Welcome to the second week of the challenge to use Spring or Summer colours - some absolutely gorgeous entries so far, I must say.
Just the very thought of hosting a party thrills me to my very fingertips and right out to my toes. Once I've settled on a theme, my mind goes into an absurd state of overdrive as I get more enthused about the creative possibilities. The visions build and build and build (shame the budget doesn't). My family and friends generally groan, largely because I get a bit over the top in my plans and then need to call for support, only once I have agreed to admit the absurdity and pare back! None the less everyone does enjoy themselves (even the ridiculous dress up themes).
Even before I knew this as fallacious reasoning, I thought this entirely unhelpful. If I am to ascertain the truth of something, what research am I supposed to do? What sources provide good information? Where do I go from here if I want to figure out the answer apart from the argument? No one ever followed up with that information. If there was more information out there that would elucidate the arguments of my opponents, they never saw fit to enlighten me with those facts.
So I ran the additions to the route I had thought through in my head and continued to wait for the elusive vibration. Nothing. When I got to my house, pissed off because I’d run out of time and hadn’t made my numbers, I took my gloves off and swiped the screen.
Most of us nowadays tend to regard courthouses as places to flee after wriggling out of jury duty, but in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries they were the elaborate brick and stone manifestations of a community’s highest ideals about itself. In most county seats the courthouses occupied pride of place in the center of town, but in Austin the State Capitol naturally took center stage, while the Travis County Courthouses have been erected seemingly at random all over downtown.
in his garage.
No medication I took ever touched the noise level. I tried a lot. It was never muffled, lessened, softened or in any way affected. I never thought much about it though because it had always been that way. I couldn’t remember a time when my brain wasn’t noisy.
Side B: Revenge, This Town, Kick Start
Riding on the sleds helps us to FEEL the steady beat as we glide and bounce along to the music. Doing zig zags, circles, and bounces triggers our vestibular system, vital to our inner sense of balance and coordination.
Sgt. Michael Curtin, 45, Medford, N.Y.
The forest of symbols,
Rosenfeld writes: “42 years ago, National Guardsman opened fire on anti-Vietnam protesters at Ohio’s Kent State University, killing four students. Ten days later, Mississippi police fired on civil rights protesters taking refuge in a women’s dormitory at Jackson State University and killed two more students.”
On November 18, Masih's accusers caught up with him and shot him to death near his home in Godhpur, village 111 kilometers (69 miles) northeast of Lahore. Days earlier, on November 12 in southern Punjab Province, police say Lashkar-e-Taiba militants killed four family members because of their Christian faith.
Josh Harris, Dug Down Deep pg. 214
“This is a great time for the expansion because Carrollton Crossroads is doing extremely well, shown by the customer traffic and sales volume at its stores,” Bill Brown, president of Halpern Enterprises, tells GlobeSt.com. Carrollton Crossroads recently opened a Staples location, raising the soon-to-be 362,300-square-foot center’s occupancy rate past 98%.
Olympics - Play it, wear it, sew it, family games, etc
2) bread- any bread
at home, to hear about them when something happens.
We are going to learn and use the Double Vowel System here, which was developed in the later twentieth century by Charles Fiero and John Nichols. As a writing system, it is very often used in the United States and Canada among language teachers and it is used in most Ojibwe language books. Although the letters used are taken from the English alphabet, the sounds of some of the letters are a little bit different.
(The short video below is worth watching.)
The summer before Luke Tull turned fourteen, his father had a serious accident at the factory he was inspecting.
Bierbrouwerij Sint Christoffel B.V Christoffel Blond
But none of those stories are as interesting as muttonbirds not being radioactive, and that is why I am a constant disappointment to our Facebook audience.
On Monday night I have a class scheduled to make a box and gift card enclosures. The box is a Stampin' Up! Kraft Gift Box that is in the Holiday Mini Catalog(Click on the catalog to the right to see a copy). Won't this make a nice gift for a friend, teacher or relative? The box holds four 3x3 enclosure cards and envelopes for the cards. My ladies will be able to pick out their own favorite DSP for this project. Beau Chateau has been my favorite DSP in this year's catalog.
No traveller returns, puzzles the will
I am hosting a challenge and give away.
Except for his creepy eugenicist ideas, Chris Langan seems like an amiable, pleasant person and his brilliance is undeniable. Enjoy the video.
This dish is called the Jar Jar Duck, and it is quite an amazing dish. On the bottom is a small layer of greens, duck confit, duck breasts, tomatoes, and maple bourbon. We saw Chef Paul running around with a blow torch of sorts, and several minutes later he presented us with this dish.
And what are your thoughts related to the gold buying of central banks?
How does a home cook incorporate repetition?
Add potatoes, onion, garlic, and whole allspice
Scene card for 1939's "Backdoor to Heaven" featuring the always excellent Wallace Ford in a rare starring role. A downbeat film but nicely done, well worth a look.
"I have no answer," said Siri. "How about a Web search for 'Why do farts smell?' "
Ladies: Is your guy a big baby when he is sick? Fellas: Did I judge you unfairly?
Wendi and I were determined to at least, hear her voice! LOL We scheduled a conference call with her one day and sparks FLEW!! She was amazing! Incredibly genuine and down to earth!! We both instantly clicked with her just like we had been friends forever! She was JUST like us!
“Hi Mrs. Seeley!” I greeted her after I ordered my drink and walked to her table. She got up to give me a hug in her usual cheery way. We chatted for a little while before moving on to the subject I had wanted to ask her about: how she had handled her parents divorcing when she was a young teenager. She said something that kept me thinking long after we left the coffee shop: “During the time of my parents divorce, it seemed like everything would be sad and dismal forever. I was so focused on my problems, that it seemed like they were the most important things in the world. Now I know that things will always get better.”
The half empty bag,
Today (Moday) I’ve also had a non-writing day but I’ve been doing laundry and cleaned the house instead. This Easter week is pretty unusual because Mr James is also at home (usually he spends the weekdays in another city due to his work) so we had time to do some domestic stuff together.
Oh, make us love Thee more and more.
Is it possible to place an individual counter-positioned to an organization given the human qualities aforementioned or is there kind of an impedance problem between an individual and an organization; a set of individuals? Placing an individual in an organization to be nurtured like a cell in a petri dish might be functional, but if the organization is toxic, will it have a counter affect on the individual? (staying with a biological metaphor).
Dies - marianne and crealies.
Following up on a suggestion from Harris County District Attorney Pat Lykos, Houston officials plan to create a "sobering center," reports the Houston Chronicle's Chris Moran ("Houston plans 'sobering center' at shelter instead of jail," Feb. 29), where police can take drunks instead of booking them into jail. The story opens:
"Will the people without a great skill-set have jobs that are high-paying?" Bloomberg soliloquized at the press conference, responding to questions about low-wage jobs. "Probably not. In this country, we talk about an income inequality. It is not an income inequality. It is an education inequality. And the example you should look at is: why does it take a two-breadwinner family today to be middle class, where 40-50 years ago, it was a one-breadwinner family that could do exactly that."
The military isn't too concerned, at one point saying that these cases surface rarely, and to put together a database of all its award winners would be a big chore, and costly. Chaffetz, who was one of the first Tea Party candidates to get a congressional seat, normally squeezes a government nickel. He touts his fiscal conservatism, but is apparently not worried about running up costs when it comes to this issue.
He maketh no mistake.
2 tbsp Cointreau
These are the numbers that truly matter. And another number that matters is ONE. When speaking in terms of millions and billions, it can be easy to forget that EACH animal is an individual being who feels fear, pain, loss, terror and who COULD feel happiness, comfort, belonging, safety and love if given a chance to live his or her life. EACH animal has his or her ONE life, ONE chance at that life, just as EACH of us has our ONE life. How can that life be discounted for merely a few bites of food or a pair of shoes?
2 little girls are selling lemonade! And each cup is only 27 Euros! If you present a discount coupon , you’ll get a free rapper with it!
Quotidian Theatre Company’s production of Dancing at Lughnasa runs April 20 – May 20.
Saint Peter don't you call me
By that one hair
Four of your favorite foods
Which is your most beautiful post?
was unlikely he would be a star, but he would have gotten a chance if not for
Advertise: Put this giveaway on your sidebar or make a blog post about it
I cannot give an answer
I highly encourage you to check this out and also try and find if your school has anything like that.
The gutshot Williams had by this point fallen against the hotel’s front desk and taken refuge behind one of the lobby’s iron columns, and managed to pull his own pistol and squeeze off several rounds, hitting Dowell in both legs with one shot. After Dowell ran out of ammunition, local bank president E. P. Wilmot, Judge Charles Ogden, attorney for the estate of the notorious New York miser Hetty Green, and Will Green (no relation to Hetty), disarmed him and broke up the fracas.
The evaluation—which is required by the NCLB law to update Congress every two years on the progress of the $732-million-a-year Title III program— found that “states and districts are largely complying with the major provisions of the law.” Nearly all states reported that they have aligned English-language proficiency standards with state content standards in at least one core subject and that they have also linked state English-proficiency tests with their proficiency standards.
It wasn't. Meri had realized her mistake, but by the time Maddy came up to help her, Meri was ready to serve to me! For my breakfast, I got scrambled eggs, eggs sunny side up, an omelet, toast, bacon & milk! Good thing I wasn't getting my cholesterol counted yesterday!
Yesterday was Byford’s birthday and he turned really old, okay only 32. In the spirit of Byford’s birthday we wanted to try to hangout even though he had to work earlier in the day and I wouldn’t blame him if he just wanted to stay home with the family to celebrate his birthday. Instead Byford was all for trying to hangout and getting together for his birthday but I think deep down it was more to find something fun to do with his kids.
There are many people in your life that I know would love to receive Hershey's Pot of Gold?
344And graft my love immortal on thy fame!
Does this happen to you? Do you find that you are more focused on the names and attributes of dogs than those of people?
I'll tell ya little green dude, I'll belch, that's what!
Bonus Thing! My friend just lent me her brand new season one Blu-Ray of Game of Thrones, and I'm about to have a GoT marathon. WINTER IS COMING, SUCKAS.
Similarly, I feel like with jobs, I've been wanting something that would:
Still snowed in. Why the heck did I ever move here? It was all HER idea. She's really getting on my nerves.
please tell me that tomorrow is indeed friday. i'm not sure if i could hold on to this week much longer. and on another tangent - i'm also officially tired of the hoopla over auburn's championship. it never when this long for alabama last year (who did the exact same thing - heisman + championship). they act like it's never been done before. oh wait....it has...by alabama. thank you - it's good to get that off my chest.
The boy suffered a minor burn and was taken to James Paget Hospital, where he is expected to make a full recovery.
Well done Rhonda, will get the mat off to you as soon as you email me your address.
She’s either sweet or she’s very very bitter
3.Band on the Bus Daydream
Let the sugar and water boil together until the sugar turns golden brown. You want it to be just amber but not burnt.
This is my shelter
I have alluded to my student loan debt already; the Debt is one of the biggest reasons that I started this blog. I wanted a place where I could put it all down in black and white (or red, ha!), set goals for myself, and track my progress.
- Robert Nemiroff (RJN)”
1) Division of labour: Where possible, queue at different counters to collect your free bags, luggage, lucky draws to cut down on queuing time.
*I should preface this by saying that I really, really love the Royals and, to a greater extent, baseball. I watch or listen to games all season long. I am constantly reading Royals or baseball related blogs, websites, and articles. I study advanced statistical analysis, sabermetrics, for hours at a time. If you called me a seamhead or a baseball nerd, I'd take it as a compliment. But with all this knowledge comes the acute realization that the Royals, as an organization, are severely flawed. Which makes it even more painful to watch, yet still I watch, and study, and analyze. And what does that make me? Crazy? Or just fanatical? I need a drink...
Have a good weekend.
Anyway, although the monsoons have arrived, so has the heat of “mad dogs and Englishmen” and so after walking to the cafe for breakfast, I return to my apartment turn on the AC, take a cold shower and nap until the shadows of the building cover the pool and I go for a swim and then at night perhaps walk along the beach in hopes of catching some ocean breezes.
Seriously? You're a phone rep whose job it is to answer questions.... You don't think that your job requires you to be nice??? What the hell? What is wrong with you? Is it the government employee malaise we always hear about? Is this lack of training or upbringing?
3:00 We arrive at the airport. Madness upon disembarkation. Everyone (100?) converges on one door to the airport – a door where they have one security guard screening passengers. One attends. And attends. As we inch closer to the door, a guy walks to the front of the line. No one says anything. He leaves his bag and returns with his girlfriend. Still nobody says anything. The girlfriend leaves and returns with her friend. I am getting annoyed and mutter things about linecutters. I glare at girl #2. She looks back at me, puzzled. I say It must to wait su torno back there. (Yes, my brain thinks there are two languages: English and all others. If I can’t think of how to say it in French, I throw in some Spanish.) She shrugs. I persist: You are not the next one. Him, then him, then us. You must attend there (pointing to the back). She rolls her eyes and turns around. The guy in front of me – one of the cut upon – says Is not a problem. Is only one, two minute. I am flabbergasted that he thinks line cutting is OK. I sulk.
It's time to play RTG BINGO - pick a line, vertical, horizontal, or diagonal and use the elements on that line to create something. Please tell us in your post what elements you have chosen to use - that would help us enormously.
This summer I’ve had the privilege of leading a “college prep” small group with our high school graduates of 2011. We’ve laughed, prayed, and prepared together for the next step in their lives which God has planned. College is an amazing time of personal and spiritual development, and I hope our graduates will capitalize on this opportunity.
Give them your gift to unite,
The reason given that many pubs don’t use them is that they make the place look untidy. With more children than ever roaming wild in the public houses of Britain, it’s said that the little ankle-biters tend to rip and devastate the beer mat stock. And I’m willing to admit that, during my wild, crazy teenage years, I may have vandalised a few innocent mats. But is that a good enough reason to deprive us all?
3. Blog about the contest (post link in comment).
Cobb says Cheetah wasn't a troublemaker. Still, sanctuary volunteer Ron Priest says that when the chimp didn't like what was going on, he would throw feces.
Now I’ll let El Inglés take over. This account is a long one, but bear with it; it’s well worth reading all the way through.
My trust does not belong
New York, NY 10021
I love because God first loved me, and I have won the victory over the world by means of my faith! Amen!
Landlords and business owners are subject to the Civil Rights Act of 1968 and Fair Housing Act, which prohibits them from discriminating against customers and tenants on the basis of race, sex, religion, color, handicap, familial status or national origin.
"I'll tell you what, I'm going to be the first person in the history of the world to reach absolute zero. It's just a matter of discipline. Control."
4. Dominic Cooper (2008) – Many television critics made a big deal about his portrayal of Willoughby, but I honestly did not see the magic. However, I must admit that he gave a pretty good performance, even if his Willoughby came off as a bit insidious at times.
I was in a local retail shop looking for some current repack baseball packs to go along with my 182 Days of Baseball gig. While there, I spotted this little gem of a pack: 2012 Platinum League Self Made. There are six cards in each pack and each pack costs an insane $3.48! Of course, me being the idiot that I am, I bought one. The pack boasts, "A Winner in Every Pack." Guess we'll see what that's all about.
The council was set up to enable the country to make a quantum leap from a middle-income status to a high-income one.
I remember a wonderful moment when a child walking across the room to find the pair to a botany card spontaneously walked the line. Controlled movement is a natural outcome of this work, as is a new sense of wonder for many of the materials simply by re-engaging them. And not to be understated, this work allows the child to practice carrying objects on a tray from one area of the room to another without spilling them.
“For a time we are conscious of God’s attentions, then, when God begins to use us in His enterprises, we take on a pathetic look and talk of the trials and difficulties, and all the time God is trying to make us do our duty as obscure people.” Isn’t that the truth? I think Chambers has nailed this one. “None of us would be obscure spiritually if we could help it.” What if we have the sense that heaven has been shut up? What if we aren’t “hearing from God?” Can we still do our duty? It is very difficult to continue doing what we have been called to do if we feel like we aren’t hearing from God! “Some of us always want to be illuminated saints with golden haloes and the flush of inspiration, and to have the saints of God dealing with us all the time.” I’ve known people like that…and, sadly, I’ve been like that. I believe that I have moved past that point in my life, though. I hope so. I pray so.
Amazon Sales Rank: #3483 in Beauty
Our colony of bees didn't make it through the winter. I can't give you a thorough diagnosis, it could be Colony Collapse Disorder, it could have been due to extreme cold or it could just be one of those things. When we regained the colony last spring they looked a bit weak, but by high summer they had really picked up, maybe they still weren't strong enough.
My comrade I wrapt in his blanket, envelop’d well his form,
Ford – Full Of Rotten Defects, Found On Rubbish Dump, spelt backwards = Driver Returns On Foot
The falling ash is polluting the water supplies and making breathing difficult prompting the authoruities to hand out about 10,000 protective masks.
Just so you know, Jameson is not my first nephew. I do have a nephew who is in his mid-20s and a great-niece who is 1(ish). Also my sister-in-law has a 9(ish) year old son, so I guess that would make me a step-uncle? Does that exist?
But no one dared to buy it
Ahead, the canal turned slowly North towards the brow above Federas. Rel blinked, squinting against the wind. There were three - four? No, five - women coming his way along the path. Four wore stout travelling dresses in brown and green, but the fifth looked to be wearing purple. An odd group, and an odd time to be leaving Federas, with the trap awaiting Van Raighan still unsprung. Unless they’d been lucky and he’d come early. Or something had gone wrong.
Seagulls’ cries filled the air as they flapped their wings circling above the water. I feel for you, kid. Only fifteen and I’d already survived having my world brutally ripped apart by the ultimate betrayal once. I winced and tore my mind away from the unwanted memory crowding into my mind as my heart ached. Life gets better. I scoffed. Bull shit! That’s easier said than done.
List paper 50 cents, after Christmas sale at Gordmans
313 Ernst Bessey Hall
That is when our friendship began… six and a half years later, we started dating. God is the only one who can take credit for the amazing story of how we got to this day: the day he asked me to marry him…
Bake in 375 oven for 20-25 minutes
Star Trek: Generations (Michael Westmore)
The rest we will not speak of, except to say 'always make note of where you park at the airport'. Remember the part at the beginning of the trip report about my brain being frozen? Well...I guess I wasn't the only one. It was still freezing when we got back. A horrible shock. According to my friend, Nancy, now that I've finished my report from the last trip, I am allowed to go back. I'm ready!
The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause ... Disney XD ... 5 PM
(As an FYI to the Fam-- this album and it's significantly larger sibling album are the reason that ya'll are getting store-bought Christmas cards this year.
“Ian McEwan recently wrote that advertising is full of “third raters” bombarding everyone with their “aggressive low intelligence”.
I haven’t made any of these this year, but I need to as these are most often requested by my friends and I’m down to just 1 jar. These are a must in bloody mary’s and I just like eating them out of the jar as well. Do NOT cut the stem off of these. Just cut the stem end without cutting into the cavity of the pod.
The above "Trail Print dress" has a lining that is cut very narrow through the hips, making the appearance of the outside seem blousier and more forgiving than it is in actuality on the body. This is a cotton dress so it is versatile for all seasons and easy to launder at home (still I only hand wash, line dry). Solid color versions are made of a substantial silk blend fabric and come unlined, without the same hip issues of the cotton version. Printed versions of this dress require sizing up for ample hips or dealing with spanx. The above is an 8 but I tried the 10 and it fit similarly with slightly more hip room in the lining.
Yes, baseball really is a wonderful game to argue about.
i am taking
time of day: 11:00am
it would cultivate light
To the rescue -- Carol Kocian, independent scholar and stocking maven is traveling north to share with us her vast knowledge period hosiery! She'll be joining us for our first Sunday Hive to give us a introduction to period stockings, but that's only going to scratch the surface of this neglected subject so she has kindly agreed to do two workshops on Saturday January 14th, for those of you who want to learn about stockings in greater depth and learn how to make stockings that create a better period appearance.
But I never saw anyone looking back at me
I will do another SURPRISE drawing on Friday September 16th!
(you see some smaller circles of dough off on the right side. Those are made with the scraps and are an extra special side when making fried pies. They are a bit thicker than the pie rounds)
On that same trip, I also found these super cute vintage hats. I'm excited to wear them once the rain and snow start falling. They were $2 each.
(added some coconut milk/cream here,if using.....)
“As soon as eleven moons are up, he and his people will take a ship and will come to set foot on the land of the Gauls (this is the return from the Isle of Elbe). And he will travel towards the great city where the old man of the Cape is seated, who will rise, flee, carrying with him the royal ornaments (this is the flight of Louis XVIII and the One-Hundred Days). Hunted again by a trinity of European populations after three and one third moons (which means ninety-six days. We know that the famous One-Hundred Days were really only ninety-four.). The old King of the Cape is put back in his place (return of Louis XVIII and second Restoration). Then, he dictates sovereign counsels to all nations and to all peoples (this is the Memorial of Sainte-Helene) and he dies.”
1. Grew up in Massachusetts and loved my east-coast childhood. Fall colors and fort-building in autumn, sledding down the backyard in winter, catching frogs in the pond behind our house in spring, and celebrating 60 degree weather with popsicles in summer. Crazy that California has made my tolerance for any kind of wind-chill non-existent.
I'm being a rebel and joining the other over at OWH for their virtual card making party this weekend. They are being rebels by creating cards for National Scrapbook Weekend-- heck that works for me...I am NOT a scrapper at all! There are 4 challenges up right now and I think you should dig out your supplies and make some cards for OWH!
