Jim Clamper whipped
I was excited about my two year course in computing. The excitement didn’t last long. Is it possible for a computing class to be taught without computers? Well I know the answer to that, Yes! We spent one and a half years learning computers without touching a computer. The school was not able to get the computers in until my final year. So for me computer education in the eighties was pages and pages of programming in Basic. I was learning about flow charts, loops and if then statements. I had to go though page after page of programming code to find the mistakes that we couldn’t even test for. I was in the computing wasteland.
I’ve had a really difficult week and it’s only Tuesday. What with Justin Bieber’s song “Boyfriend” playing on every radio station and the weather being bipolar, plus the fact my professors keep assigning papers in the vain hope that I will actually complete them, I’m exhausted! Which is why my yesterday was the perfect form of stress relief possible.
Postmen like doctors go from house to house.
"I told them I didn't have them," the woman said. "They took an iron and started burning my back. They could have tortured me all day, but I didn't have the keys. They then put a pair of socks in my mouth, tied a scarf around my head and tied my hands and feet with a cable."
When women can cause such harm, whom do you blame next? Children, (boys or girls) are never born evil. It is their upbringing, the values that turn them into angels or Satans and women form an important part of this all.
Our imagination and creativity never seizes to amaze me – and motivate me.
2.Pour in rinsed rice. Stir to mix well.
only 2 more days to dr who DAY OF THE MOON!
Recorded June 1977 at Conny's Studio, Germany.
Despite odd 21st Century sights, like fake Louis Vuitton footballs and flip flops for sale and being contantly mown down by motorscooters in the labyrinthine alleyways of the Souk, there's a timelessness to it - tread the same path at any point during the last six hundred years and you could see the same crocodile and python skins hanging, the same jars of dried rose petals, cumin, saffron, the same carts piled with small, flat rolls, still warm from the oven, the same craftsmen tanning skins to be dyed and turned into barbouche, drink the same mint tea with the same Berber carpet seller. I love that: it's the perfect antidote to the churn and bustle and impermanence of London life, where everything seems to be an endless hunt for the new and the now, rather than a quest to find the beauty in small things, unchanged by time and technology yet still absolutely relevant.
I had such a lovely day, punctuated throughout with little messages of love from friends and family - I really am surrounded by the most wonderful people, and I feel very lucky to have them all.
Soros: “World financial crisis was “stimulating” and “in a way, the culmination of my life’s work.”
She's left sitting alone without a clue, fifty bucks staring her in the face - a face reflected in a black cup of coffee. She used to be the life of the party, now she's been dumped for fifty bucks and 5 missing cadavers.
The candidate for the 6th Congressional District stood with residents of Glendale and Middle Village on an overpass overlooking the Fresh Pond freight rail lines, along with the backyards of adjacent homes.
Because this is the way I see Harvester of souls(B). The turn it comes into play, I almost always drew 2 to 3 cards and another 2-3 the next turn when I attacked. I will not be surprised to see this take the place of Grave titan in 3-4 months when M13 bumps the Titans out of view.
And as a bonus, I have lost weight. I'm happy about that and after I'm done with the entire 21-day plan I'll be sure to update my stats in the Fitness Foibles section.
So was Disraeli's novel intended purely as a work of fiction? Well his dedication would suggest otherwise:
Nally is being charged with…Nally now faces more charges including kidnapping, domestic battery and 29 counts of animal cruelty. How much time does that get you behind bars? If it gets you 10 years, Nally will be 30 once released and the human slayings will begin. What’s your take? As for the woman who moved in with him, who can imagine what was going on in her mind?
Nathan-Turner was not a stupid man. A tasteless one, perhaps, but not a stupid one. With the Saturday slot dying he oversaw the program shifting timeslots to where it would air twice weekly on Mondays and Tuesdays. This was actually a big deal, making the front page of the Sun when it was announced. First, it changed the nature of what the show was. Doctor Who still only made 26 episodes a year, meaning that from Season 19 on it was only around for a quarter of the year. This is another massive change from the “always on” model of the first six seasons and the “around for half the year” model of the next twelve. Doctor Who was no longer a continual part of the fabric of television.
Sentiment and Twine - Scrappy Moms Stamps
Ford, a SMOM Papal Knight and 33rd Degree Freemason. Taft went to
I don't really want to keep reading the next two books.
Everyone feels bad, but Ted and Robin are still tied up over the apartment- at least until Robin reveals she might be about to get fired. When they all go to apologize to Barney, they find Quinn there, too. Turns out they planned everything from the beginning, knowing Ted would spill the beans and having Quinn intentionally act like a bad person. Was the extent of their relationship faked, too? Guess not, because they really are moving in together.
Documents from the Brooklyn Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), a lead organization of the Civil Rights movement, show that CORE organized a protest against Ebinger Baking Company, beloved for its Blackout Cake, because they used discriminatory hiring practices. (In 1962, Ebinger signed an agreement with CORE promising to be more equitable.)
The beer doesn't taste as good? Please. The beer tastes at least as good, and if you're concentrating enough to think you notice a difference, you're a geek, so use any damned glass you want. We should have a different glass for every beer? Sure, and you'll pay for it when the ignoropulace starts stealing those cool-looking glasses. Pints are so ubiquitous and cheap that they don't get stolen. Bonus.
I've been working for a few months on getting back on track towards my "healthier me" lifestyle. I signed up for Weight Watchers to give me some discipline (I did my 3 month membership- didn't renew it after the 3 months). We ended up joining the YMCA in addition to my current gym membership near my office. Although my schedule continues to be my greatest challenge to focusing on fitness, I can honestly say that I continue to be active and not sedentary.
The current vintage of Evan Williams Single Barrel is the 2002, so if you see anything older than that, buy it. The 2002 is perfectly good too, but you'll be able to get all you want of that for at least the rest of this year.
Here is a picture taken this morning (Sept. 3rd) of my family visiting with little Logan. This was the first time my girls had met him and I don't know if they knew exactly what to think.
This Christmas I was lucky enough to stay at a friend's house and experience a family life very much like what I think I want. Very simple, very loving and very inspired. They have trials and they have "stuff" like we all do, but there is a feeling there that everyone is loved and respected. And I think that is the direction it is time to go in. For myself, for my family, and for us all. It's time to ask for, and allow, love and respect for ourselves and each other. It's actually super easy to do. It's one of those things that really does come back to you if you give it.
She didn't know of any bullying at all.
Hurtled to Earth in a giant wind tunnel, Thor almost hits a car full of three scientist explorers. One of these is a dedicated but perky genius named Jane (played by Natalie Portman; more on this later.)
Sign on the back of another septic tank truck.
The grueling event of getting through the day consuming only things that are good for you.
"Over the past eight years, and in variously balanced equations, Jack Rose, Patrick Best, and Mike Gangloff have toyed with drones as a sort of universal language -- single sustained notes, allowed to bend infinitely in irreconcilable paradox, speaking with a singular voice and containing multitudes. Like the aural equivalent of the river that can't be entered twice, Pelt's drones are broad and bottomless, adorned with splashing droplets of banjo and glistening rays of tabla and esraj."
I treasure this can of powder not only because it's cool, but because it's a key that opens the gate to a whole flood of precious memories.
A. Classical and Political Background (pp. 1-2)
Second, although demand for gold from China has declined due to the slowing economy there, the Hindu Indian gold buying season has just gotten off to a solid start, which should support higher prices, and I expect the Chinese lull to be temporary. The World Gold Council (www.gold.org) recently said that China is poised to overtake India this year as the world’s largest gold market.
Yes, I'm a mom and I attempt to be a good one.
The origin Eros is most commonly known for, however, is being the son of Aphrodite (Greek Goddess of beauty, love, and desire) and Ares (Greek God of war and blood lust)... yeah, try figuring that one out... (all girls like a bad boy, I guess) His image as this particular Eros... more personified... less conceptual, is one he shares with his Roman counterpart, Cupid; equipped with wings, a bow, and arrows that can make anyone fall in love... including himself (see Eros and Psyche and #5 below)
I had a big box of assorted steam gauges, I think they got chucked out a few years ago, just before Steampunk came into vogue.
a special photo book of isaac's first year of life.
Following on from my ‘Fuckerflies’ series, as Christmas approaches and no-one can be bothered to answer their phones or are ‘ in a meeting’ (and it can only get worse as the Christmas party season gets under way), I am occupying part of my time each day by painting. Charonaletto has many spray cans and enough paint and canvas to flood the art market with tat. There is only one flaw to this ‘plan’. I give the paintings away… but I do offer the recipients an option where I throw the painting away for them and save them the trouble.
Really? The only way Wonder Woman can be written about, is if you (DC) focus it through the lens of a man? If you're obliquely telling a man's story about his daughter?
The term “cut and paste” comes from the traditional practice in manuscript-editings whereby people would literally cut paragraphs from a page with scissors and physically paste them onto another page. This practice remained standard as late as the 1970s. Stationery stores formerly sold “editing scissors” with blades long enough to cut an 8½”-wide page. The advent of photocopiers made the practice easier and more flexible.
Every year my friend Nancy holds a costume party to celebrate the event and this year it was Rockin' 80s. At first my husband was going to attend, but at the last minute it ended up being an all valley girl evening and a totally rad one like fur shure!
Joy Victory is “editorial czar” at WordPress. She previously worked as an editor at About.com, and prior to that she worked at ABCNEWS.com, and several newspapers, including the Corpus Christi Caller-Times and The Journal-News in White Plains, N.Y. In this interview, conducted by e-mail, Victory talks about her job, social media and journalism education.
Along for the ride
And dispel my clouds.
The 'charge is based on the loss incurred by us.’ This claim is absolutely baffling. What loss?? The author pays Elm Publishing to publish their book, then charges them for returned books it claims ‘can not (sic) be delivered, because they are destroyed in the wholesale network to keep the costs low.” To keep whose costs low? – It certainly is not the authors. They are paying for books pulped at the distributors!
It's the marrow flan we'd all been looking forward, an artful arrangement of miniature brioche toasts topped with sauteed king brown mushrooms and globules of glistening marrow. It's a sinfully rewarding entree, from the quivering tower of celeriac cream, to the miniature fried quail egg and the eye-rolling fattiness of marrow treasure.
I guess we need to go back and read that first post of ours: Writing is hard. Writing is incredibly hard. But you know what, Internet audience? It doesn't matter.
I die cut my image with a Spellbinders Fleur De Lis Square. I used temporary adhesive to place a cut out mask over my colored image. Leaving the die in place, I began by covering the top of my image with a torn paper mask to create a horizon line. Tearing the paper allows a soft line rather than the harsh line created by a straight edge mask. Within seconds, my airbrushed ground was complete.
Jai Guru Deva
So what are you doing to improve the total product that you and your company offers? If you are the absolute best at what you did five years ago and you are still doing things the same today, you’re getting left behind…what are you doing for yourself personally and your team to continually improve what you have to offer? Let us know…
the hotel room — in all some 12
Or, conversely, maybe the fictional-within-fiction Glove Pond helps to draw attention to what colour does exist in Roger’s and Bethany’s apparently bleak, dull lives. It makes the chapters written by them interesting by comparison. Time will tell which of these contradictory impressions of The Gum Thief is stronger in my mind.
ISBN-13: 978-0451464859
I had initially envisioned cutting out the jello into heart shapes for Valentine's Day, but I ended up using a flower cutter since my heart cookie cutter was too big. And even then I only did a few, as the jello was too tall for the cutter, so the shapes didn't come out nicely. So I just sliced the rest into small squares.
Taking it slower, Pevan let her eyes adjust before turning them upward. Overhead, there was nothing but deep blue and a sprinkling of white. The Wildhawk had kept its south-eastern course, already little more than a black thread dropping towards the horizon. Pevan left Jashi with a curt instruction to keep an eye on it and opened a Gateway beneath her own feet. Her call of “’Ware the Gate!’ drew a yelp of surprise from Kos, but she dropped through anyway.
All images courtesy Google images.
Remember Lot’s wife and her shame for turning back to the Sodom!
I take peace in knowing the success stories of those who have come before me.
The placenta is a thick, disk-shaped organ. This organ approximately weighs 500 g and is 15 to 20 cm in diameter and about 1.5 to 3.0 cm thick. Normally, its weight is approximately one sixth of the fetus. Placenta is a very important structure for the fetus as it is involved in metabolic, circulatory, respiratory and endocrine functions.
out about this great opportunity so we will be giving away $100 to one lucky winner every other week until July 31st. There are several ways to enter: Blog about it, Post to your Facebook wall, Tweet to your followers.
Lastly:—hence there is, upon the same account, no essential and substantial man in the world, but only Ideal; for all generals subsist in individuals, and individuals subsist only in themselves. If, therefore, individuals differ not essentially one from another, but only accidentally, there is no substantial and essential man subsisting by himself, because individual men only subsist in themselves. If, therefore, no individual, proper, essential, human form, there is no individual, essential man subsisting, and therefore no individual, substantial man in the world. Every individual man is an accidental man, having no proper, substantial individual form or essence. He that hath no substantial proper form, hath no substantial proper essence, and therefore cannot be a substantial, individual man. And hence there is no substantial, individual man in the world, but only ideal and common; and Socrates and Plato should differ essentially no more from one another than Doctor Martin and Doctor Luther. But the truth is, they have not one and the same essence, but differ in their essential form one from another. For an accidental form cannot be the prime and principal essential Cause of a substance.
While you could say that tri bikes are more aerodynamic(aero bars, internally routed cables), you could also say they make riding in the aero position more comfortable(bar end shifters, forward seat post also helps with this). Considering the amount of time spent on a bike during a 1/2 or full ironman, comfort is key. I would also say that comfort is just as important as aerodynamics and that they go hand-in-hand. I think this is evident in the fact that pros will sometime use road bikes over tri bikes, not to mention you can see age-groupers w/ fancy tri bikes getting passed by standard or upgraded road bikes all the time!
Quantity – 12
Now, so far I’ve treated the notions of obligation and permission as constituting a single package, but, as you may have noticed, the notion of obligation is most definitely the more important within the order of explanation sketched above. However, both of these choices can be brought into question. The first is usually understood as the question of whether they are interdefinable (I’ve discussed this elsewhere, in the comments here). For instance, a lot of people think that it is possible to define permissability in terms of obligation (so that what is permissable is what one is not obliged not to do), and vice versa (so that what is obligatory is what one is not permitted not to do). This produces a ‘weak’ notion of permission, which can be distinguished from a ‘strong’ notion of permission. This kind of strong permission turns up in jurisprudence, where it is often the case that simply not being prohibited from performing an action does not constitute adequate justification, and what one requires is some kind of positive licence that constitutes a proper reason for action.
It just goes on and on
Do you have the right to do with your body and your life what you want so long as it harms no one or does the government get to say what you can say, do and think?
To my slumped visitors.
I wouldn’t fight as hard as I do in this life if it wasn’t for punk rock, culture,
When my hair has all turned gray,
Gram dhal (kadalai paruppu) - 1 tablespoon
Steven Wagner, a Political Science professor at SCSU, gives some insight into the cuts.
technique.
I haven't been in the mood to blog much this week in case you haven't noticed. Everything feels like an effort these days and something has to give. I strive to be positive here but it's becoming more of a struggle and that shows.
If using individual tart cases, shape each portion into a ball, place in the middle of the tart case and start pushing out the pastry in a circular movement until it covers the entire base. If using the silcon muffin tray, it will take a bit longer to work up the sides and go about halfway. Make sure its not too thin. Bake for 12-15 mins.
I just love how this came out. I think these stamps just echo the image perfectly. This was so much fun to do.
So why is Kasztner different? Let’s go deeper into the facts.
By growing, we must be persistent and hard working. We must never give up, even if we may feel like we’re down for the count.
So, are common people who marry other common people that big of an offense? How wold this produce the “super-race” of Nephilim?
This is so late, let me start off with a sincere apology to the author. It really did slip my mind, I am really sorry. I'm also sorry to all the people who came here yesterday looking for the post and not seeing anything. It was really irresponsible of me.
The CPC “shall monitor, verify, and report on the observance by the parties of their basic undertaking to protect civilians and civilian communities in conflict-affected areas in Mindanao.
If at your company the talk is “how do we get more likes?” then it is time for a different conversation. Social media and the engagements on the many platforms are about a return on strategic principles creating opportunities for a company to have a more open and connected path to the consumer. A realization of those objectives is the end game!
1/2 tsp paprika
Umbrella, Shirt: Victorian Velvet, Black Soot
5. Sometimes expectations are the traveler’s worst enemy
The Empire of Poverty is rising on the skeleton of the West, it is eating out its abundance and preparing to lock down power, food, transportation, medical services and countless other elements of the commercial life of the formerly free world. Its water empire will impose its own vision of power by controlling resources and doling them out as a means of power. By controlling access to the things we take for granted, it intends to rule over us all.
These movies are guaranteed to make
I love Christmas, truly I do, everyone says they do at this time of year but for me it's the top of the year mountain- when everything feels as it should be. I cannot describe properly how happy I was sitting by the lit, adorned tree watching Elf on Sunday after several lovely Christmas meals over the weekend.
I'm stuck on this section called Discursive Contents, which is kind of a description about the critical conversation into which your work will fit. So, it's like an annotated bibliography, mixed with a research paper, mixed with the chapter summaries (which are their own part later in the Prospectus). It's like having to do my written comprehensive exam all over again, which is maybe why my hands start to shake when I sit down to write it.
I'm going to keep this brief and say good night now.
Hands down one of the greatest pranks I've ever pulled. Yes they have forgiven us, but yes I am still anticipating revenge... :/
Finals ended last Thursday, and since then, other than having coffee with Isaac on Friday night, service at church and dinner with the cell group on Saturday evening, I haven’t been out at all. No, I have not watched a single movie in the cinemas, nor have I gone shopping, nor have I had the luxury of just hanging around doing nothing in a shopping mall yet.
HOLY FRAGGLEZNIPF. Why am I so surprised that Cassandra Clare has completely wowed me once again? But, uh, WOW! Three dimensional characters, stunning prose, and a swoon-worthy love triangle--Clare brings it BIG in the newest installment of The Infernal Devices.
The orphanage is moving after the new year. Their new facility is ready for them. Kind of sad the old place won't be there for her to remember if she returns. They are leaving the old folks behind and only the children are moving. This facility holds 100 children and you can see they are bursting at the seams. The end of an era here. They said she would be welcome to come back and visit in the future. Lynn asked if any children had returned and they said no but they have only been in the adoption program since 2005.
I also own a Kenmore buttonholer that's only for zigzag machines. You control the stitch width or "bight" of the buttonhole by adjusting the zigzag function on the sewing machine itself. These are also easy to find; don't pay a lot for one.
Sides:
Pattern Paper: My Mind's Eye "Holly Jolly"
After taking a peek at oz.typewriter we all get to know that Tom Hanks is a collector and a typewriters enthusiast. He has even influenced the director Steven Spielberg as we can see in "Tintin" where typewriters are present from the generic to the movie it self, with Tintin display is collection in shelves and an amazing blue Royal in his desk…
The recent spate of suspected ‘kidnapping’ cases has caused widespread concerns among Singaporeans. It first started when a mother Allison Goon shared her experience of having her child almost taken away from her by a PRC lady at Ang Mo Kio Hub followed by similar revelations by more Singaporeans.
I daresay this is - without question - the most detailed, lengthy, and nugget-filled bit about Bitch Magnet on the Internets. I'd also suspect that in the entire universe of Bitch Magnet articles/interviews/tidbits, this is up there at the top too. So enjoy!
just pain
Nine West Wedges
"Don't interrupt, measly human."
So how can we make prison a less hellish place? See The Prison Hospital for ideas.
And out it came. The sort of language that I don't even expect from his father and HE'S a sailor.
makes turning the skewers easier.
While sadistic evil rules and triumphs
Length: 1:00:54
Especially mine.
Just your voice and your face to safe me
Goals for: 163
To switch gears a bit, I needed to end my Sunday Blatherings with a bit of reflection. I think I'd be pretty reticent to not mention the passing of Whitney Houston. Between Madonna, Michael Jackson, Bon Jovi, and Whitney Houston, these artists shaped my school years. I, like everyone else, was mesmerized and blown away by Houston's I Want to Dance With Somebody, How Will I Know, and One Moment in Time. Later, we all got sucked into the vortex of hits that this amazing artist performed, I Will Always Love You and I'm Every Woman, to name a few. For me, the quintessential moment in her career was her performance at the Superbowl in 1991. I was in high school at the time, and I still remember how completely chilling her performance was, especially considering we were in the Persian Gulf War at the time. Honestly, it is the performance I compare all others against to this day. It was flawless and seemingly effortless all at the same time. For a time when we all felt such a heightened sense of patriotism, Whitney's performance was stunning. I'm sad that she is gone, and am thankful that in the time she lived, that she left us with such amazing music. Thanks Whitney, for giving me songs that I could belt out in the car, to capture every mood. Your voice was untouchable.
In her hand.
At that moment, I also saw hope. I saw an old Chinese couple hoping for a better Malaysia for their grandchildren, a middle-aged Indian woman crying for her future, and then I saw me, doing the least I can do for my country, for everyone. I thought to myself. If this is not 1 Malaysia, then what is?
Black’s killing was finally ended in 1990 when he was caught red-handed by police with a barely alive six-year-old girl hooded, bound, gagged and stuffed in a sleeping bag in the back of his van in the Scottish village of Stow. He had sexually assaulted her moments earlier."
They tell me to bake it
In a previous article (mentioned beforehand), I approached the subject of Oil painting. My first approach presented many challenges because, admittedly, I attempted to handle this medium like I handle Acrylic. All in all, it was not a bad experiment though because it taught me that (a) the rules were definitely different, (b) the medium has distinct foundational qualities worth understanding, and (c) I needed to spend some quality time really relearning painting from the Oil painter’s discipline. I began the process by studying books by high-quality artists and reapproached my experiment (see Finalizing my First Oil Painting and then embarking on a new project based upon my understanding of Oil’s wet-on-wet processes (see A still-life in Oil: A learning project) which certainly was a much greater success. Things tend to work out well when one follows the rules, don’t they?
I'd done all this work after my last heartbreak. I worked on my self-esteem, my confidence, my self-awareness. I was a completely different person going into this relationship than I was a year earlier when the last one ended. I thought I was mentally in that place where I'd be accepting if it didn't work out.
I had been bored with my hairstyle for a while, when I saw a woman at the coffeehouse near my office with a great haircut. Really cool, sort of late 70s Joan Jett meets Klute; in short, exactly what I had been thinking about. So I asked her and she raved about a woman at a place in trendy Soco.
48 hours ago, I was psyching myself out for the Harry Potter: Deathly Hallows, Part 1 midnight premier. WHICH WAS AWESOME. This movie was exceptional, people. But that's not what this post is about.
To further illustrate the point one might examine the penitential rite of the Ordo Missæ of 1970. Form A, the Confiteor, is the forma typica while Form B, and Form C (with its 9 paradigmatic formulas in the NCCB Sacramentary) are ad libitum, i. e., they are options.
1 cup mushrooms
But it ain't there.
Excuse me while I ramble a bit.
A fellow WordPress blogger (Spagate) shared this neat idea to help motivate her to exercise. She created an exercise jar, and paid herself when she engaged in a good workout. Although she had seen the idea elsewhere suggesting putting $1.00 in the jar for each exercise session, she puts in a quarter for each 15 minutes, stating that “not every workout is worth the same!”
I mentioned before that I’m having a hard time letting go of the tangible pieces of our relationship. Well this past month, my hard drive crashed. I mean crashed crashed. Lose everything, including all your pictures, files, hopes, dreams, will to live … crashed.
Share on your blog, Facebook or Twitter for additional entries. Be sure to leave an additional comment for each "share" so they are all counted towards your total entries.
Descartes abjures the project of understanding what the world or organisms are in themselves. Instead, he proposes to understand them externally, by transferring our knowledge of mechanical devices as hypothetical stand-ins. Having made the metaphorical substitution of machine for world or organism, however, Descartes is also able to substitute a pragmatic view of the aims of inquiry for a theoretical one: since there is a surplus of possible mechanical constructions which could be made to stand in for any natural entity, the choice between them is made on the ground of what works best (and if the model works better than its natural counterpart, then it a truer example of the original function than what is in nature). (68-70)
In other words, there has never been a better time to make your living as a vanity publisher.
Travelers can use them to find local information and directions wherever they are.
We like the following things on our pizza - ham, salami and mushroom. So I used baby bocconcinni which I halved and then we put either a piece of ham or salami or a quarter of a mushroom in the dough ball so each one is a surprise. Hence the name...
Bad Education
It turns out, making the tempura batter is not rocket science. This is a good recipe (and it’s the one I used). Chef Tal does give the (BRILLIANT and subtle) instruction to add fresh minced chives. Other than that, it’s just batter, and you want it cold.
Me: "Yeah, right that's what you said about turning off the generator. As I recall, you also said that about the snow blower"
Storytelling just got even more fun! Michael Grant, the author of the Gone series has created an online reading experience where you join the main character, Nexus Humanus, through the action. It is filled with puzzles, videos, and community collaborations. Here is a Q&A with Michael Grant to help you understand a bit more about the concept:
The chart I made has the octaves, then keys, then chords. The chords have a pattern of frequencies that cycle, I will now list the frequencies from the fourth octave, the key of c.
2 Timothy 3:16-17
Washington DC’s newest destination for music and entertainment is dedicated to celebrating the talent and passion of America’s best artists. DC is a city where polish and sophistication have been charmed by a bohemian spirit creating a new thriving artistic underground.
President Obama announced that he is planning on fighting genocide in the Middle East by cracking down on entities that use technology to conduct human rights violations. On Monday, Obama signed an executive order that targets individuals who use technology to monitor and track dissidents. Although President Obama opposes the monitoring of individuals abroad, Congress is attempting to pass a legislation that will allow the US government to do just that domestically. The Cyber Intelligence Sharing Protection Act (CISPA) could alter online freedoms in the US, and Declan McCullagh, CNet News correspondent, joins us for a closer look.
Because it's fun! And even if time is pressing, it can still be a great way to get creative with words. Something simple, like a joke, can involve many of the techniques we also use in fiction - such as exaggeration, juxtaposition, content and context, wordplay, and building tension. Plus, you can use comedy to say things in a way that's less confrontational than saying it outright.
Arnie’s troubles remind me of the advice I gave Smacker Ramrod before he popped the question to his current lady wife. My devoted circus buddy had asked me whether he ought to inform his intended of his past dalliances and debaucheries, of which there had been many.
In other words, I was a product of society while she, the very antithesis.
Which words drive you crazy? I know we all have them.
Throw in the ever-unpopular sideways type and the index-card-like stock, featuring black edges that chipped, and now you know why the set gets grief.
He inspired me to go for my dreams, however crazy they may be.
Rosemary-A cornerstone of Mediterranean cooking, this distinctive, aromatic herb is packed with flavor and antioxidants
Having a local support network of people in the same position means being able to swap notes on nurseries, schools, caffs, playgroups. What does a nursery need to prove before you feel comfortable sending your EpiPen toting tot there? How do you handle the issue of other kids eating potentially risky food in a public setting? Can we get the overpriced, overprimped recently revamped park cafe to offer something allergy friendly (OK, that’s just my own current gripe).
Marriages often mean a full stop for the careers of many actresses. Many out of their own will, many unwittingly. Will she continue working at the same pace? “At the same pace I am not sure as priorities change but work will still continue,” Genelia signs off with her heartwarming smile and a promise to try to remain just how she is.
Turns out that as well as the lovely little Mille-feuille cake (which was delicious and light) we’d also got a room upgrade. Top marks to the Feversham so far on making it a wonderful day to remember.
E.B. (Russell Brand) is next in line to become the Easter Bunny, since his father, Mr. Bunny (Hugh Laurie), is getting on in years. E.B. wants to be a drummer though, and if you have already suspended disbelief enough to buy into a Santa Claus-esque Easter Bunny Operation, why not go all the way and believe that a bunny can drum. Fred O’Hare (James Marsden) is a shiftless layabout disappointment, and his father (Gary Cole) demands Fred get a job and do something with his life. When E.B. runs away to Hollywood, he meets Fred and yes, you can probably fill in the blanks from there.
'The first,' said St Peter, 'is, which two days of the week start with the letter 'T' '? The second is 'How many seconds are there in a year?'
3.Sailor Moon
Each morning she picked
Chunking your goals down into daily goals will help you keep up any momentum that you have gained, it will make maintaining your focus a whole lot easier. Maintain a peak state, one of confidence in your ability to achieve your dream. Use only language that is positive, empowering and encouraging to yourself, your self talk plays a HUGE part in your current state. And lastly, maintain a physiology that resembles that of whom you ultimately want to be!
I recall reading how Khushwant Singh once encouraged a Punjabi playwright friend of his to write his plays in English. They would have a much wider audience, he explained, otherwise they would just languish, unpublished and forgotten.
terrestrial oceans of dust.
· Installation of 321 escalators at important stations of which 50 will be commissioned
The third one is more "cute-sy", but Grace liked him so that's good enough for me. He's not breakable, but I'll have to keep him out of direct sun and weather. Perhaps the table in the entry would be a good place for him?
We very rarely eat the fish that is caught today as it is better left for a day and any way I dont know if they have any.
There is nothing Christians can do to stop this. If we are not Christ-like then we are hypocrites, if we are Christ-like then we are “holier than thou”. So what should we do? How can we stop this injustice and get everyone on our side. After all, Christians have feelings too. (Pardon me as I wipe the tears away and blow my nose.) Hopefully those who know me and read my blog regularly know that there was sarcasm in that and something else is coming. So here it is.
4 individual
Take an outfit snap everyday for a week (i'm only going to do a uni week as i have work this weekend and you don't wanna see what i wear to work.) and Don't wear any black for a week (also, my work uniform is black)
could be folded when father had left for work.
To be continued...
So after all this if you still don’t know what to do. Contact me I will be happy to help you.
rusted armor
Today, I’m very pleased to announce the publication of my second paper with the New America Foundation - “Front Line of Defense – Building a New Unemployment Insurance System.” This policy paper builds on work done on this blog and on “Freedom From Fear,” and it would not have come to pass had it not been for the support that readers of The Realignment Project have shown, both at this site and cross-posted at DailyKos, Calitics, and EconomicPopulist. In its first year, The Realignment Project has seen both 20,000 visits, but also the beginning of a very fruitful relationship with the New America Foundation, and I’d like to thank all my readers for their help.
Helen Kelley, who said she saw Modisette tie the horse to the bumper of the truck, worried for the animal’s safety. She snapped several photographs appearing to show the horse stumbling and then falling to its side on the ground.
I was listening to Burn Out, Josh's first EP, and was looking at the cover, wondering what it was, until I realize that it was the Eiffel Tower from the bottom !
1/2 cup oil
Mineral oil is something you’ll want to steer clear of if you can! It’s hard, because many companies, even the prestige brands, use mineral oil as a filler so they can use less of the actual product and fill their container. There are a lot of debates on if mineral oil is actually damaging or harmful to you or your skin. I can only speak on my personal research and results, which have been that anytime a skin care product has mineral oil in it, my skin actually gets worse. Heres why….
to bring the bank along.
So from that day on they planned to kill him.
Drop your chin to your chest.
We strongly disagree with this policy position. Unbridled expansion of the private sector will only exacerbate inequalities in higher education across socioeconomic groups and across gender and region; instead, it will be based on the slogan: “only the rich deserve good education”. In our view, in view of the above realities of our higher educational system, only a public funded education system can best ensure equal access to higher education. Hence, all efforts should be made to strengthen public higher education across the country.
Anyway, the smart one remembers Fish Girl’s license plate number from memory. Poor girl!
August is going to be a month long CELEBRATION!!! So be ready for great workouts, a blog hop and so much more!!!
Atrial Fibrillation (AF) is the most common cardiac dysrhythmia among older adults.
I wake up on the floor.
ORG/CONTACT PERSON: Rei Lena Maranda (09052665014)
Yes sir, we more than likely will. Even more than the many people who thanked me as they drove by today, you've just motivated me to come back out here next week and do this again.
List of Scientific publications (alphabetically listed by first author)
Did no one ever defy him? Did no one ever deliberately provoke his anger. A stupid thought, since even when he was not frowning, he was frightening. And no matter how angry he made her, she did not have the nerve to tempt a beating or other added punishment—not yet.
Now, I have no problem with these two people... but if we're trying to limit the numbers, especially since the ONLY friends that I'm inviting are in my wedding party, I don't exactly feel comfortable not inviting the women that I lived with for years in college, but I can invite these two people who are practically strangers that I've met all of twice. But, again, my dad is the one paying for the reception... and he already mentioned it to his brother... so they're on the list. And he's right, it IS a nice gesture. But these are the side of my family that I'm trying to distance myself from, so it's hard.
Amazing restaurant where we had dinner last night – 那家小馆. You see this in period drama serials, movies. I wish I could have sat upstairs though. Maybe next time.
off one of the spare beds and slept
.......They stripped him, and put a scarlet robe on him, and then twisted together a crown of thorns and set it on his head......and mocked him.......they spit on him......and struck him on the head again and again.
The doilies have been cut out using the Nestabilities die Lacey Circles. I have used both sides of the "Kaffe Tack" paper. The vine has been cut out from "Kaffetåren Den Bästa Är".
Thanks so much for visiting today! Have a wonderful day!
I was in shock, dumbfounded, I thought she was joking, how could she think they were not cute?
Katie McCormick
An enjoyable day that other authorities should think about replicating.
It’s an old Icelandic word for fire or flame, but it was also the name of one of Bára´s grandfather´s favourite horses, which her grandmother wrote a poem about and which we sing.
Hermes was first established in 1837, mainly manufactured saddles and harnesses. It soon gained a great fame and occupied a large market share in the following years for its luxurious goods and outstanding craftsmanship. With time passing by, Hermes began designing luggage, trunks, gloves and car accessories. It has brought to the world various luxury items ranging from saddlebags to handbags, from watchstraps to watches.
~Velda
At a local Chinese buffet/hibachi hot-spot, there is a dish almost consistently served called coconut chicken. I never tasted coconut myself nor were there any shreds or pieces of coconut visible, but the sauce was white and creamy and studded with bite-sized morsels of battered and deep fried chicken. It's very good stuff.
The combination of ‘thrusts’, ‘rising and fallings’, ‘merits’, ‘ball games’, and ‘consequences’ create quite a metaphorical slurry. And perhaps that sentence doesn’t bother you much, but after 100 pages of them, I was exhausted from reading and couldn’t wait for it to end.
Smell: 3.5
Now to last week's winner
Somewhere between then and adulthood, children begin to understand that life is not black and white. Teens won't say any of the things I've mentioned last week. So, what's the difference between a teen and an adult?
It is the joy of just being away from all those nurses
And speaking of beautiful babies, look at this swaddling blanket. I have two people very close to me who are having babies later in the year. I'll be making this.
One of the ringleaders of Scotland's biggest paedophile network has had his minimum prison sentence cut by four-and-a-half years by appeal judges. James Rennie is serving a life sentence for sexually assaulting a three-month-old and for conspiring to get access to children in order to abuse them.
We shuffled in silence along the corridors, slipping past the sleepy guards undetected. When we came to my quarters, Myrddin placed his hands on my shoulders and looked at me sternly, as Betrys sometimes did when she preached her gospel of Jesus.
I need to vent just a bit.
I mean, how many times have you said "If I only had more time I would..."
It changed my life. I became happier, cheerful (mostly), and grateful for wondrous events while they were happening. The mundane became precious and I appreciated my life. Such a simple act, such a powerful change.
I've had this blazer for a really long time but it only makes an appearance on St. Patty's day. Now that color is so in, especially this green, so is this blazer and I can wear it more than just once a year. I'm thinking it will be a summer staple paired with some boyfriend jean shorts.
is oft described as a Hulu
—Amanda
Release Date : 16 August 1989
My 3 year old daughter, just now, took a spill out on the front porch off her lil pink scooter.
On Wednesday (18 April) Whimsy Stamps released this month's new rubber designs and new Shapeology dies. From then until 24 April the Whimsy Stamps DT and Special Guests are showcasing these fabulous new goodies with a daily mini blog hop and I am part of today’s hop!
And this new indulgence of theirs is..?
Of course, there are many styles of producing. However, they can be broken down into three general descriptions which are helpful to think about as you begin looking for a producer. First is many an indie artist’s nightmare, producer as supreme dictator and superstar. Certainly such producers do exist, although they are much less common today as compared with the early days of rock and roll. Nowadays, superstar producers, such as Don Was, take a more collaborative approach. The second type of producer is the invisible or documentary style recordist. This producer aims to record just what has happened during a performance with as little influence or intrusion on the events as possible. This is a rare bird in rock music as well, but is quite a common approach to classical, jazz, and even blues recording where the style of music or the written music helps define the style of listening experience expected by the consumer. The third style which is most common and best suited to rock and roll is producer as creative partner with the artist. This often brings together the talents and experience of an outsider with the creativity and vision of the artist. Let us assume that if you were to hire a producer you would choose “producer as creative partner”. After all, it is unlikely that you want to give up all control of your project, but similarly if you’re going to hire someone you want someone who can add creativity and depth to the recording.
Oooo hope Dyan is looking we found this stag head in TGI Fridays.......wonder if I can get him through customs?
Elsewhere, during the last century, at least one and a half million Irish emigrated to Britain, where census estimates are that roughly 10% of the population are of Irish origin or descent (I have more first cousins in England than in Ireland). Indeed the Irish are still the largest foreign community in Britain! Australia, Canada, South Africa and Argentina all have large communities of Irish descent. With the possible exception of North Korea the Irish are to be found everywhere. In Bishkek, capital of Kyrgyzstan, in the farthest reaches of Central Asia, the first voice I heard in the hotel elevator after my arrival some years ago belonged to an Irishman from Navan, living and working there.
I just typed up, and printed out the little note, the attached the note to some colored card stock. To attach to the bottle, I punched a hole in the corner and tied them on with curling ribbon. Super easy!
E3: Final question. What should someone address when trying to keep up with the trends?
I was soon to discover that his lack of self awareness was not limited to his choice of haircut. I was impressed with his ability to continually convince himself that he was having any influence on the game. Fairly ineffectual in the air for a man of six foot plus, he was prepared to overlook his own short comings in order to concentrate on his team mates'. He spent the majority of the first-half stood on the half-way line with his arms held high above his head demanding the ball When it wasn't he would complain, when it was he was kind enough to return it to us.
I lurve breakfast. Its EASILY my favourite meal of the day.
● OBAMACARE OBJECTIVE: To control Americans
They say something like, 'Don't run. We want to play!'
Author: Merit Gogo-fyneface
I was impacted greatly by what I learned that day. Farmworkers are the men, women, and children who harvest 85 % of the fruits and vegetables we eat. They are excluded from many federal labor laws including child labor, overtime pay, a minimum wage, and the right to join a union. With few protections and with many occupational hazards such as heat stroke, pesticides, unhealthy housing, and working alongside dangerous equipment, farmworkers are one of the most vulnerable workforces in the USA. They are also faced with low wages, with a national average salary of $11,000. Here, in the southeast, it’s more likely to be around $7,000.
Are you remembering now?
While waiting in the bathroom line, I heard a man whooping and screaming and carrying on obnoxiously out in the main bar. The girl next to me suddenly turned and said, "Yep... that loud guy is totally my boyfriend." The moment struck both of us as hilarious and we laughed so hard we had to sit down on the bathroom floor. Don't you love it when stuff like that happens out of the blue with total strangers? I live for it.
When I got back to the office, though, things started to fall apart. The biggest issue was I forgot my bag with toothbrush, shampoo, and towel! I was super sweaty from having to wear a toque and bundle up, so there was no way I could skip a shower. I had to use GENERIC HANDSOAP from the bathroom sink to lather up and wash my hair, and then dry off with paper towel!! EWWW. At least I remembered a hair dryer and brush!
If i hadn't lost s, well... I very much doubt that would have been the case. The mums i knew were very different and have very different parenting styles.
If amendments are made, the Bill will need to be resubmitted to the National Assembly for consideration. Once approved by both houses of parliament, the Bill will require the signature of the President before becoming law.
So Shareology readers, how’s your shopping center IQ? Can you tell me which two shopping centers are pictured? Click Leave a Reply and leave your answers below…..I’ll publish the winners in a week…..
(1 Corinthians 16:15 ESV)
I honestly don't know if I chose this life or if it chose me. It makes no difference I suppose as the things that matter deeply to me, aside from my family of course, is the clucking of chickens and the smell of fresh earth ready for planting. My days have a rhythm to them that is old...a rhythm that also belonged to generations before me. The sun comes up, there is feeding to do. It sets and I make certain all are garnered in safely. And in between - well, one never knows. It could be an injured child or rabbit, teaching my kids algebra and the baby chicks where "home" is...and is not, lol. It is gathering eggs, skimming cream off of fresh milk, and attending to seedlings as though they are babes.
In this tiny kitchen, storage for pots and pans is at a premium, with long handles and lids presenting the biggest challenge. So after thinking it through, I decided to swap out several pieces of cookware for one. Out went two skillets, a large sauce pan, a paella pan, and a dutch oven, and in came a 4-quart Staub brasier. Now, one piece of cookware does the job of five.
Why was it ever put up? It's odd and worrying. Is the mirror of film showing us what we look like? Whether it's only fiction, a throwaway slice of entertainment, or not is irrelevant; the point is that we would not have been entertained by these films in such numbers let alone welcome them into the
More ribbons, 25 meter mixed packs for just £2.99 or 2 packs for £5.00 also have organza ribbons in the same deal. Can I tempt anyone???
By the end of that speech, all the crowds had left, and only twelve men remained. Jesus apparently wasn’t interested in marketing himself to the masses. His invitations to potential followers were clearly more costly than the crowds were ready to accept and he seemed to be okay with that. He focused instead on the few who believed him when he said radical things. And through their radical obedience to him, he turned the course of history in a new direction.
Anyway, we made it just fine.
multiple values Voices from possessed children I January 1978; Possessed children II, February 1978; Exorcism carried out on Anneliese M______, Germany 1976; Rita G____ as 'Russell', rec. Leicester, England 18.11.1983
If not, you should! It's this inspiring book about a girl on a mission to find new friends at age 27. And I can relate. It seems like making new friends would be so easy — wasn't it simple back when we all did it in grade school, or even college? — but it's not. And I have friends. Some really great ones, in fact. But only a few and they're all spread out. A couple in the city, a few in the suburbs and a bunch all over the midwest. Who doesn't want a few good buddies to go to brunch with on Sunday or start a book club with once a month?
It has been sleeting all day. It was 30º above zero at noon.
I told you this would leave you inspired! And motivated? I know my wheels are spinning!!
Well I am going to leave it there for my first post! I am off to collect Luca from nursery. I will aim to write one post a day – if you made it this far, thank you very much for reading! Until next time. Lx : )
Just goes to show you, one shouldn’t try to be too clever. And I took that to heart when I wrote my speech on “Creating Incredible, but Credible, Characters” for Scribbler’s Retreat. It was simple, more of an introduction to the art of creating characters than a full-blown exposition. I wanted to spend most of my hour showing them how to create great characters, not telling them, so I prepared a character questionnaire to help them delve deeper into the social, physical, and psychological aspects of their character. My plan was to have them create a character as a group so they could see how conflicts, plot, and subplots grow along with a character.
It can be of any cuisine, state and completely fusion.
Guilty Wives by James Patterson & David Ellis
And then… it hit…
I think about how like a magpie I am all day, every day. So many things on the to-do list, so many shiny electronic distractions. I scurry around from task to task as if speed will keep me from forgetting anything. Then inevitably I wear down and sit to stare at a screen for a minute. I use it almost like a pacifier, a retreat. Is this where I really want to find rest?
It is powerful and important to receive this loving trust from your peers and teachers. What is more important, however, is the trust that you give YOURSELF.
The past several years have found me engaged in various conversations with fellow Christian brothers and sisters. During the course of these conversations I have often found myself expressing to others that I have concerns about myself in respect to my salvation and in my progress we Christians call sanctification. There may have been a time when I might have come across as if I was questioning my eternal destination. As a Bible-believing Christian, let me state categorically that I believe in salvation by grace alone. As a potential Calvinist, (I can’t say that I have totally reached a final opinion on the strict five points of Calvinism) I tend to lean more on the work of God in my salvation than in my own participation in that progress. I do not care to debate that topic here, I am just pointing out where I am right now in my personal theology. Recent times have allowed me to believe I am a saved, born again Christian, who is headed to Heaven upon my personal demise.
We are enraged. We feel the violence you and your people exert on us right inside our hearts. And all you want us to do is to stop abusing you. Forget you!
They went out to the chicken coops, to help feed the chickens. With all we have had going on, we haven't had time to pick up the eggs, So the hens set, and hatched out the eggs in the nest.Not one chick is a silky as in this white hen is.
So when CPT got home from PT, I was glad for the help. He wasn't so happy getting roped into helping, but I was happy for the help, none the less. But the stress of it wasn't good for me, which led to had headache. Sigh. So, after Jake went to the bus 5 minutes after waking up, and after CPT went to work, I designed my 5 Wordart packs with a developing migraine, then took a bunch of meds, and laid down.
Shimon the Just was one of the last survivors of the Great Assembly. He used to say: On three things the world stands: on the Torah, on the Service of G-D, and on acts of merciful benevolence.
In addition to faculty-based blogs, there are an increasing number of refereed scholarly journals or sources online. For example, my first publication was a book review published in an online journal (you can click the link at the top right to find). Other noted scholarly resources (that anyone can use without a university-paid subscription) include Romantic Circles and RaVon: Romanticism and Victorianism on the Net. These are just some in my discipline and field, and doubtless there are countless others that you might want to share in the comments section.
Just gotta keep going
I can't wear hats very well, although I should try as I have a forehead the size of New Mexico that could do with some discreet coverage. But lots of women look wonderful in headwear. And so I thought I'd do an an Homage to the Hat. Classic, sophisticated, flirtatious and fabulous, there is nothing quite like a classic chapeau.
flowers are by WOC and stash
Our Lord Jesus Christ is The High Priest that meets all my needs at all times! Amen!
Tears are shed over dreams that fade,
This ballet slipper is perfect for practicing how to tie a bow. It seems like another quiet book requirement is a lacing and tying page. I almost didn't do one at all because I couldn't come up with anything I liked, but I was finally inspired to leave out the lacing part and just do the tying with this sweet little ballet slipper.
- “I just loved the story it as truly fantastic. The characters were great for this story.”— Matt, age 16
I've read various reviews before I bought UNLEASHED to see what everyone had to say and a few have mentioned how Katelyn isn't the strongest of characters, everyone thinks differently; but I feel that she is quite a strong character given what she has gone through in such a short time. Her life has been uprooted and everything she has known for most of her life gone up in smoke. I'm not sure I would be able to put on a brave face in the hopes of returning to my old life.
Some people who have known each other and communicated with each other for a long period of time may have this same degree of shared experiences and culture so that messages can be understood… even if those messages could never be understood by anyone else. To a long time married couple or two best friends since high school, a couple of words, an ‘umm’ and a shrug can communicate a great deal of information.
Now, before you all rush off to your weekends, I just want to let you know that everyone's favorite groundhog has been a busy girl this week! I hope you saw her visits with Beth in Saskatchewan and Erik in Philadelphia earlier this week. And in case you might have missed it since it was a non-posting day for me, she was in both Abilene, Texas with Penny and Nice, France with Joanna yesterday! Rumor has it she is back in California with Elizabeth today, as well as on her way to Maine and another location in California (apparently she loves The Golden State - she may never come home :)) so more fun posts should be on the way next week! (Especially because she is also journeying to New Zealand and Italy and who knows when she'll get there - it could be any time!!!) Here's a little sampling of the fun:
And we wonder why “stranger-danger” is uppermost in parents’ minds. (Or, actually, we don’t.) – L.
The McG-directed orgy that is This Means War is where things like The Bechdel Test go to die. No, I can do better than that – This Means War has actually crawled up the backside of the Bechdel Test and died there, creating a fermenting kind of stench that radiates out from the innards of this often-useful gender equality assessor. This movie fails so spectacularly, it makes the test look bad.
I feel like such a failure that I did not handle this day better. I need to cry less, be stronger, and just know at the end of the day everything does work itself out. I am so darn uptight at times I cannot handle myself. There are still so many lessons to learn in life, and this journey will take me to places I never imagined I could be as a person.
before minerals and organic matter
Now, if you actually want URBAN fantasy, there is none better than Jim Butcher’s Dresden Files. These books made me fall in love with Chicago (somehow) and wish that there really were passageways to the nevernever, and a certain “other wizard named Harry” in the Chicago area phone book who also works as a P.I. Hard boiled and fun, gritty and dangerous: Harry Dresden and friends – and enemies, for that matter – NEVER disappoint!
Crawford was a high school superstar in Los Angeles and expected to tear up the major leagues with the Dodgers. He was signed by a previous wearer of No. 27, Lasorda. Although Crawford exhibited his terrific natural ability with L.A., he was relegated to a platoon role most of his career and never became a star player.
for they will be shown mercy.
Eggs Benedict
The stars and stripes for what is true.
At the outset, Hawkeye didn't get along with anyone. He resented Cap's experience and command, he took an instant dislike to Quicksilver's officious egotism, and insisted on putting the moves on the Scarlet Witch even though it made her brother see red. Remember: Hawkeye started out as a crook. He was tricked into theft and espionage by the Black Widow, who was using her sex as a means of controlling the archer. (This was back in 1964, mind you!) He barges his way into the Avengers based on nothing more than his facility with a bow and arrow and an absolutely enormous pair of brass balls.
Object-oriented philosophy can be viewed as a subspecies of speculative realism (even though it’s 7 or 8 years older). To be a speculative realist, all you have to do is reject correlationism for whatever reason you please.
Kimberly Smith, 18, and James Moore, 21, were a little too talkative with Bay County Sheriff’s deputies Monday.
- The Poet Oatmeal Stout (Cask Conditioned): Welcome Beer
defrauded us out of for your cash cow socialistic Social Security
I think I've cracked it, dear. Look, you see, people go to work and earn money. And most of them pay taxes. Then we in government we spend those taxes. Now, this is the thing: what if we just stopped doing that? Eh? What if we said, OK, you people we're going to stop spending money on everything apart from the army, bombs, prisons and the police? You can keep all that money we were taking away from you? And then, here's the good bit, they wouldn't actually keep it, dear. They would rush out and spend it. This would make all our kinds of people do things like make nice things for them, or lend them even more money and soon the whole place will be purring away like one great big beautiful steam engine, chuff chuff chuff, ticketty boo, ticketty boo, ticketty boo. Even schools and hospitals and all that. Our kind of people can run them. All the people with more money will just spend their money at the schools for their children and at the hospital for when they break a leg. You see? There'd be so much money. Everyone would have money. Now, of course, there would be a lot of competition. Competition is really good, you know dear. All our friends compete against each other to deliver up the best crisps, the best armchairs, the best hospitals until you get the best. And here's a good thing, as they compete, they get lean and efficient. I love that, lean and efficient. This means getting rid of all those silly extra people who don't do things. Jobsworths. And you make sure that you pay people as little as possible, dear. You have to do that. Now, I know this leads to a little probby because even though we've cut their taxes, this does mean that they might just possibly have less to spend. They might not be able to afford to buy the best hospitals. But that's fair enough. We must reward those who are good at what they do. And that'll be the rich people. So they can have the best hospitals and the best schools. People like us, dear. It's good, isn't it? See how it's all going to work out? Lovely lovely lovely. I feel like skipping.
That said, we also took the subway. A lot. It was not a problem to pop the stroller on and off the escalators and there were even some elevators that were clearly marked and easy to use (though at least one of them had been used as a bathroom stall... ugh, so nasty). For some of the subway stops, though, there was no choice but to go up and down the stairs. Let me say here, THANK GOD FOR GRANDPARENTS. I am not sure if I mentioned in this travel series yet that I met my parents there in the city. They met me at the baggage claim when we arrived in New York and they dropped me off at security when we left. I pretty much had extra hands with me the entire time. So when we came to stairs, typically, my dad would grab the bottom strap (where a child's feet would rest on the stroller) and help me carry it up or down stairs. I was careful to take this very slowly, again so I wouldn't hurt my back, but also because I didn't want to lose my balance or stumble and risk a complete disaster. It was such a blessing to have my parents there, for many reasons, and this was one of them. I would not have even considered this trip if they had not been there. (We were all there to see the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, because my brother was in it.)
Tatiana adopted this card and writes that she directs a summer camp in the Scranton area. I only went to summer camp once ... my bike got stolen (my fault ... I didn't lock it) and that pretty much ended summer camp for me.
I've been hoping for one of the author's books to live up to her debut, but it hasn't happened yet. This book was okay, but it just wasn't on that fantastic level of her first book. There were aspects that I did enjoy about this story, but I think the focus on the bedroom scenes and the silliness of their wager left a bad taste for me.
30. Women are born better smellers than men and remain better smellers over life.
Beat butter with sugars in a large bowl with an electric mixer until pale and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Lightly beat 1 egg and add 1 3/4 T of it plus 2 remaining whole eggs to butter mixture, beating with mixer until creamy, about 1 minute. Beat in vanilla. Reduce speed to low and mix in flour mixture until just blended, stir in chips. At this point, I refrigerated the dough for 2 days, the recipe doesn't call for that.
“If you really want peace of mind and inner calm, you will get it. Regardless of how unjustly you have been treated, or how unfair the boss has been, or what a mean scoundrel someone has proved to be, all this makes no difference to you when you awaken to your mental and spiritual powers. You know what you want, and you will definitely refuse to let the thieves (thoughts) of hatred, anger, hostility, and ill will rob you of peace, harmony, health, and happiness. You cease to become upset by people, conditions, news, and events by identifying your thoughts immediately with your aim in life. You aim is peace, health, inspiration, harmony, and abundance. Feel a river of peace flowing through you now. Your thought is the immaterial and invisible power, and you choose to let it bless, inspire, and give you peace.”
The judge concludes that a variety of Cline's statements are false, and brought the office of the DA into disrepute. Hobgood adds that Cline "knew the risk" of her actions.
January 6, 2012
"Therefore, get rid of all moral filth and the evil that is so prevalent and humbly accept the word planted in you, which can save you." - James 1:21
The old saying -- actually a corrupted quote from William Congreve -- has it that 'music hath charms to soothe the savage breast.' Actually the line was 'Musick has Charms to sooth a savage Breast', but the meaning is more or less intact.
Police said in a report that the man told her it was none of her business where he was going.
So, I listened.
I pointed out that they were worse because, unlike tobacco, they are promoting smokers as unemployable and trying to take away their right to make any kind of living so to me a salary is personal wealth and they are raking it in on the back of the hate they create for one particular consumer group.
So you know, sometimes it's just best to get things out in the open. I didn't feel like going to boot camp, but I went and I was better for it, even if my body revolted in a heinous way.
- Service to God is more of Servant, not servant-hood, but wanting to please God rather than knowing their Identity in Christ as a child of God. (performance).
In another mixing bowl, combine rest of the flour with the baking powder, star anise, and cardamom. Grate in the nutmeg and lemon zest, and add the salt and pepper. Whisk everything together so it's well combined. Take the root beer mixture out of the fridge. Pour a third of the flour mixture into a large mixing bowl; pour in one-third of the root beer mixture, then one-third of the sugar paste. Whisk everything together slowly (so it doesn't splash everywhere), and then add another one-third of the flour, another one-third of the root beer, and so forth, until everything is combined in the bowl. (The mix doesn't need to be completely and smoothly combined until the last of the wet and dry mixtures are in the bowl.) You should have wet, almost liquid batter.
I’ve been the person waiting hours for the box office to open, spending more on my ticket than I just earned, and choosing theatre when my knees would have preferred I stay home and ice them. In turn I’ve been rewarded by incredible theatre experiences. It’s this thought—that I could provide an extraordinary experience for someone else—that I turn to always when I need a lift, the inspiration to work just a little bit harder.
Post-finals will still be hectic. I might be able to relax for a hot second on Tuesday night, but there is so much to do and get done before Friday.
Enter by April 23 to win one of two Silpat Half Size non-stick baking mats. Silpat is giving away one on Facebook and one on Twitter.
A few of us ordered the 5 Euros tapas platters for something a bit more substantial to nibble on than just their nicely roasted peanuts that came with our drinks. Square black slate plates arrived topped with a variety goodies such as deep fried calamari, shrimp, and toasts with a sort of tapanade. Although initially I hadn’t held high hopes for the food, I was pleasantly surprised and think it might have been the best deal of the evening.
The alumni of the Stony Brook University Athletic Bands have created this award as a way of supporting and encouraging current members. The camaraderie, musicianship, leadership, and the spirit of the band that you all experience now, has touched and changed each of our lives as well. For this reason we would like to recognize those members of the band who exemplify these qualities and are committed to helping keep these values strong by teaching those around them .
I rushed into restaurant. There was something wrong, I could smell it! (Definitely not with chicken cooking nearby) It was hotter inside. (Here you can consider both meanings of ‘Hot’)
"Don't you mean funny smells? Has someone put something plastic in it again?"
Two of the most important concepts in the rhetorical tradition – classical kairos and modern exigence – involve … special attention to the time of communication. Kairos has to do with finding the right argument for the right moment. Exigence suggests that topics emerge as urgent considerations at a particular historical time. The power of both concepts depends upon the author and audience coming to an agreement that the moment has arrived for a certain topic to receive close attention.
“What is truth?” “What is good?” “Why do the good guys have to play by the rules?” are all questions that flesh out this movie into something far more serious than your typical action movie.
You really don’t have a choice. You break the norms, you’re a troublemaker. You eat differently. You drink differently. You adapt, absorb and cultivate. You walk differently. You talk differently. These are all wrong. Regardless of the fact that who you are externally is your personality and who you are on the inside is your character. Your motives, your soul and your emotions don’t change. These are the underlying colors of your character. Adjusting to the culture or being headstrong living what you have fully. If these choices make you an outcast. The decision is hard yet you must make them.
His heart gave out a beat,
I blame her preschool teacher. Miss Megan got a ferret during a class trip to the pet store and brought that ferret into the classroom fairly often. This was when Li was 4. She's now 16 had has NEVER forgotten the ferret that Miss Megan introduced her to and has said for 12 years how much she'd like to have a ferret.
Ze=ssus I said as the infant in the building opposite to ours began to wail in his stereophonic sound. Nature has a way to gift certain special abilities to human babies. Her cry echoed subduing even the cacophony of the birds on the nearby trees. It was late evening and the power had decided to take a break unannounced. Generator backup failed for some reason and in the midst of humid monsoon stuffiness and rapidly increasing darkness we sat staring silently into nothingness.
I also learned a lot from the easy way schizophrenic women were giving birth before the widespread use of powerful antipsychotic treatments. It has been demonstrated that unmedicated schizophrenic people have neocortical inhibition deficits. Interestingly powerful antipsychotic drugs such as clozapine tend to potentiate the effects of GABA.5
So overall, the undead are by far made to look the “baddest” of all the races, with 30 undead raid bosses (but only 14 really as “playable undead humanoids”) but with an asterisk: how free willed are they, and if they’re not free willed, should they be counted?
It took all I had to not turn around and to refrain from breaking into a run. It seemed imperative to be confident, to not show fear, to NOT turn around, though I was tensed for the smallest of noises which might indicate that they had even merely turned around to watch me go, their prey; I consciously identified as “the prey” during this ordeal. I heard the single crackle of a twig but I did not turn around, instead I laughed into the phone at some pretended bon mot. The tension was achingly palpable and I feared that to run would blow my confidence act and trigger a chase, if they sensed fear they’d know I was meeting no one on the trail, my charade would collapse, so I continued the “call” all the way to the parking lot and then, suddenly, I was running to the car, shoving Jamoka in the back seat, and hitting the button that locks all the doors.
Fear can take many insidious forms–pride, ambition, greed, etc.–but make no mistake, any end that serves the individual will over the Divine is based on some surreptitious sort of fear: fear that I will never be good enough, fear that I will never be secure enough, fear that I will always be alone, fear that I have no purpose. Essentially, these fears are all reactions to the stark revelation that we are mortal and will some day perish. (Unless, of course, we make the difficult and labor intensive choice to embrace the Divine, to become eternal and real.) A false representation of love, a force that attempts to act in love’s stead but not towards love’s ends, fear is “the Lie.”
Once you've cut apart all your two square units it's time to cut along the marker line to give yourself two HST units.
This publication does contain an interesting list of various defense and non-defense sites which are the subject of the U.S. DOE Environmental Management Program (pg. 74), all of which are potential plume source points.
On another note, I went to dinner tonight with all the teachers at Kid's College, as well as our two bosses. It was nice to have some time to talk with the teachers outside of school and get to know them. I'm still trying to figure out the exact relationships between the teachers. It appears to me to be a rather intricate and complex web...oh boy!
‘In the battle, so bravely she fought,
Now I have to go get absolutely nothing done because Ella is drooling all over the keyboard.
Me - Darn!
Just as her name was first written on a piece of scratch paper many years ago, all of Lillianne’s days were ordained by God and written in His book before one of them came to be … Psalms 139:16. I count it a privilege and honor to also document this little life’s days in my own journal! As specific and detailed her tiny ears are, or to hear every squeak and whimper from her perfect little lips ~ may I begin this journey of writing with a heart full of praise and awe of the One who created her. Won’t you join me?
Workers World, 55 W. 17 St., NY, NY 10011
The five musicians, Alan English, of Jesmond, John Smith, of Hartlepool, John Mylotte, of Newcastle, Sean Dower, of Benwell, and David Stewart, of Swalwell, were charged with robbing graves and causing damage in Newcastle's Westgate Hill Cemetery.
I also happened to have a number of stylish men among my friends. I am fortunate to have remained friends with a bunch of guys from my secondary school days, even though we live in scattered places across the world. Many of them are stylish men. Some unfortunately are less so… One of my oldest friends is perhaps one of the most consistently well dressed men I know. As teenagers he and I had an unofficial style competition going on; then again maybe that was just me competing with him and not the other way round…. Whenever we went out we usually stopped off at his house last and when he came out I’d have a mental check to see which of us was the better dressed. I can only recall one instance in which I think I won….
I came to a lot of this realization while doing EMDR in my therapy the past few months. I became aware of all of the ways that I traditionally give (and give...and give...and give) in order to be loved in return. I’ll save you the back story, but there have been many times that I’ve ingratiated myself in order to feel more worthy in someone else’s eyes.
A merry, joyous, happy, holy and blessed Christmas to all!
Context on the show: After Bart bargains away his soul to best friend Milhouse for five bucks, he begins noticing his capacity for life’s color and excitement seems to be dwindling. Bart and Lisa watch an Itchy and Scratchy cartoon, leading to this exchange:
There are monsters on these streets
Russ: “No, again I just wrote it as it came to me – ‘I done it how it come’.”
As of now, youngsters like us face a certain situation at our homes. We live in families were our parents and elders have this unreasonable dislike towards people who belong to some other religion. They may or may not express their opinions verbally, but that dislike is always there. It is engraved in their minds and souls. If you ask them why, they will dig the oldest of graves possible and trace them back to the damages caused by that particular community to their own community. They will provide you with lists and scores of atrocities done by some people of that particular religion. But if you dare to ask that what has all that got to do with the person whom you are presently talking about, they will give you a highly-annoyed look and walk away. They will keep grumbling to themselves that we youngsters do not understand; we are yet to know the world and all other justifications of those kinds. But they will never change their own perspective and somewhere down the line, they cannot be blamed either. Over the years, they have seen the pointless killing of their own people in our country, just in the name of religion. They have suffered. They have died a thousand deaths merely by seeing and being through that bloodshed. In such a situation, despair cloaks itself in vengeance and strikes back. That in turn, leaves us with more deaths. More blood. More despair. And in this way, the circle of calamity continues.
Patiently waiting for today’s scraps
16 oz heavy whipping cream
Along the way, we saw a really cool resort that was pink, and then we also got stopped at a draw bridge (Treasure Island was completely surround by them):
This past week most Big Media news organizations actually removed news stories already published about an Obama daughter traipsing off to a Mexico vacation, earthquake included. So Obama exploits the daughters and Big Media scrubs references to them that do not flatter Barack Obama.
a) Eligible voters living abroad including security forces, civil servants, students, workers, businesspersons and spouses of these persons;
How about you? Did you go to Supanova (in any state)? And what did you or didn’t you like about it.
I discovered something last week that made me very, very happy and here is why. ..
BEHIND EVERY GREAT BLOG ... IS AN UNFED HUSBAND I definitely hope this will be a great blog, and I've never been the chef at our house, but another one of my goals for the year is to plan a menu each month and to try lots of new recipes!
Lim, who is also the chief minister of Penang, accused the BN government in Sarawak of marginalising and neglecting the Dayak community while their leaders and ministers enrich themselves.
I think there must be a good deal of archaeology under the grass and the gravestones as there is no sign above ground of the refectory and dormitory buildings nor of any cloisters.
I was surrounded 24/7 with family and friends, to which I am also forever grateful to. As I recovered from the brain surgery I experienced what is called a steriodal rage at the same time my husband was experiecing a meltdown from finding out his wife was terminally ill.
A PUB landlord who was stripped in horror story of his licence after police accused him of working against them when they tried to control a potentially volatile demonstration has launched an appeal.
I know, I know...you have probably seen her work a million times floating around the blogosphere (duh, because she is amazing)...but I'm just feeling the Caitlin vibe...If I were a gambling kind of girl (which I'm not really, but what the heck...), I would be willing to bet on her! (c:
Travis left me again for another ten days. He did some teaching in Mozambique, and he had a very successful trip. Left me on my own for the first time since last August. I've never had a problem being on my own with the kids. Other than missing him like crazy, I do pretty well on my own. But a lot has happened since his last trip. Right after he got home last time, I had a miscarriage. Then another (if you can even call it that). A few months later I had my foot surgery and then my mom was diagnosed with her cancer. Basically, I've learned to depend on him for a lot of things I used to just do myself. Even simply going to the store became more than I could handle some days. Partly because of my foot, partly because it was just easier to let him do it. I had fallen into a major rut of letting him take care of me. I had forgotten that I am strong. That I can do things that are hard. And that although together we are an amazing couple, I am okay on my own. I need to be that way. I absolutely adore my husband, but one of the best parts of our marriage is that we each still have our own identity, and we can each function apart from the other. Bottom line, I'm not usually needy. I have been incredibly needy the last six months. It was wearing on him, and making me feel less like myself, which was hurting my self-esteem. I felt like a huge wimp and didn't know how to get it back.
4. Things you should ask a man on a date. What are your short term goals? (The answer should not be to get you in bed, unfortunately.) What are your long term goals? One of my favorite lines from the movie was when all the guys were on a bus going to a strip club. They started comparing notes and realized that all the girls had asked them about their goals. One guy said, “Strippers don’t ask me shit.” It was so funny, but you probably had to be there.
Next few days were hectic and he hardly had time to relax but somehow his thoughts wandered to the mysterious girl who had visited her that day.
...control 50% of all discretionary spending...
Irvine CA 92614
Some days I consider a success if I woke up before ten a.m. and wore matching socks. I can't even imagine what it would be like to spend a day as my editor, Jill Santopolo. In addition to her duties at HarperCollins' Balzer and Bray imprint, she's a published author (Alec Flint, Super Sleuth: The Nina, the Pinta and the Vanishing Treasure, Scholastic 2008), a graduate of Vermont College's MFA program, and a writing teacher. How does she do it? I have no idea. And I bet she always wakes up before ten a.m. and wears matching socks, too.
CSN also gave me a gift certificate that I used toward the purchase of this Wildon Home sheet set. I have a tall mattress, and a stupid propensity for picking fitted sheets that shrink, so lately, the fitted sheet and I have been having a knock-down battle every time I change the linens. Three corners I can manage, but that damn fourth corner turns me into a red-faced, panting, sweating person who hollers, "Come on! Get on there! You jerk!" and hopes nobody ever walks in and sees me in this condition.
They may need to reconsider that idea.
Meanwhile, we had fun enjoying the amenities of the playground. All the slides and climbing tubes. This is one of our favorite parks by far!
Malaysia has witnessed many “anti” crusades – anti-dam construction, anti-Lynas, anti-highway building and anti-temple removal.
If so, what would you like to see?
Foreign Affairs minister Luis Almagro said that the Uruguayan government does not oppose trade with the Falkland Islands and any undertaking to that effect by the private sector is welcome since “Uruguay does not agree with any commercial or economic blockade of the Islands”.
The Yucatan region draws visitors with dreamy beaches and fascinating archaeological wonders but I think the cuisine deserves just as much attention. Ancient Mayan cooking techniques and ingredients like the chaya pictured above, meld with Spanish spices to create some of the tastiest dishes in Mexico. There's a dizzying array of Yucatecan specialties but these are five of my favorites:
Why bring this up? Banned Books Week is wrapping up (9/24 – 10/1) which has served as a good reminder so many great books, including The Adventures of Mark Sawyer, The Great Gatsby, Lord of the Flies, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, and The Giver, have been challenged to be restricted or banned right here in the United States. Yes, while we may toot our horns about freedom of speech, people are still trying to ban books, thus denying others their choice to read and create their own opinion about said book.
Beyond Buckskin:
Ya gotta love this dog!
I should be nice and organised for all the birthdays
1 x (3273)Prai Fine Sugar = 2.40
In other news, I start my lessons with Sue Fraser tomorrow, on Rogo. When the vet came to take out the stitches he decided he needed five more days off, so he's been there getting settled (the wound was still a bit open). Rogo's been off for over three weeks except for three or so short bareback rides, and I've been doing very little riding. Soooo, I'm a little nervous to jump right in, but how else will we get going again? We really need lessons from a skilled teacher right now and Sue fits the bill. It's over three hours to make the round trip, so I may stay in the living quarters in the trailer tomorrow night. I have lessons Mon., Tues., and Thur. this week. Let's hope that trailer furnace is working well!
In general, almost all licence agreements contain an entire agreement clause. It is especially important when there are existing agreements or have been prior agreements between the parties related to the current or another subject matter. Such earlier dealings could be licence agreements, secrecy agreements, letters of intent or other matters. The clause should state that the licence agreement currently being consummated represents the entire agreement between the parties on the subject matter and supersedes all previous agreements or understandings concerning that subject matter. Parties are advised to add that the agreement may only be modified in writing, signed by both parties.
Shredded cabbage
Answer: On this date (-1) in 1789 George Washington took the oath of office as President of the United States. The inauguration took place at the corner of Wall and Broad St in NYC at Federal Hall.
Magickal uses: White clover is used against hexes; red can aid with finances. A 4-leaf clover protects against madness, strengthens psychic powers, and is thought to lead to gold or treasures. A 5-leaf clover is a very powerful charm for attracting money.
TEAM S.A.S. had a great time playing with some images from the sponsors and here are their winter fun cards to inspire you. As always, you can click on their names (or their pictures on the side) to go to their blogs for all the details and to see many other great cards.
In a large skillet, brown the hamburger and onion, seasoning with basil,salt and pepper; drain the fat if necessary. Put the cream cheese in a microwaveable bowl and microwave on HIGH about 45 seconds until soft. Whisk until creamy and smooth. Gradually whisk in the cream until smooth, then stir in the nutmeg, cheese and garlic powder. Combine the hamburger and broccoli in 2 large, greased casseroles, 9X13. Drizzle the cream cheese and cream mixture over the beef and broccoli and mix well. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Bake at 350º for about 35-45 minutes, until bubbly and browned on top.
from liberty to abundance,
In search of a thing wonderful and colourful? Then the revolutionary Samsung S3030 Tobi is considered the right smartphone suitable for you for doing this is available which includes a slider housing that could be readily available for unique colors, and that may permit the actual individual to convey the person’s style.
ASE for your convenience. Thank you for your consideration. I look forward =
* Special K has made sure that I have something like 53 feminine product coupons for Funsocksgirl because, you know, "every little bit helps." They all expire at the end of July.
The Nuremberg Code, which defined the ethical principle of informed consent, has served as the foundation for the ethical practice of medicine for more than half a century. The informed consent principle makes it clear that the rights of the individual cannot, ethically, be sacrificed to the needs or interests of society. 30
With the holidays right around the corner, we wanted to keep you in the loop on all of the new and exciting products from Oneida.com.
For the buttercream:
1/2 cup (40 g) of old fashioned oats
For More Information Contact: Abby Mayers
Synchronised is bidding to become only the second horse to win the Cheltenham Gold Cup and the John Smith’s Grand National in the same season following Golden Miller, who completed the Cheltenham-Aintree double in 1934. Bred by owner J P McManus’ wife Noreen, Synchronised is by Sadler’s Wells out of the Bob Back mare Mayasta, a multiple scorer on the Flat and over hurdles and the first winner that A P McCoy rode for his now-retained owner in April, 1996. He made his career debut for trainer Jonjo O’Neill at Chepstow on February 14, 2008, finishing second in a maiden hurdle, and followed up with a soft ground victory in a similar contest at Towcester a month later. The gelding raced four times during the 2008/2009 season, winning twice: after defeating Cashel Blue at Wincanton in January, 2009, he emphasised his potential with a neck verdict over Tazbar in a Pertemps Hurdle qualifier at Haydock in February, 2009. Synchronised switched to steeplechasing for the 2009/10 campaign and won his first two starts over fences, defeating Blue Gun on soft ground at Market Rasen in November and then seeing off Giles Cross in a portentous heavy ground stamina test at Chepstow that December. After suffering a reversal at Fontwell in January, 2010, Synchronised bounced back to land a gruelling renewal of the Listed John Smith’s Midlands Grand National at Uttoxeter in March of the same year. He reverted to hurdles for his first two outings of the 2010/2011 season as he warmed up for the Coral Welsh National in January, 2011, when he stayed on strongly for a two and three quarter-length verdict over Giles Cross. Synchronised headed back to Uttoxeter for another crack at the John Smith’s Midlands Grand National in March, 2011, and he ran well in defeat to come home third under top-weight, but he ended his campaign with a disappointing effort the following month as he was pulled up in the Irish Grand National at Fairyhouse. He started the current season with two appearances over hurdles, finishing seventh in a Pertemps Hurdle qualifier at Aintree on October 23 and staying on strongly to take third in a valuable fixed-brush handicap hurdle at Haydock on November11. Synchronised returned to fences to record a first Grade One success in the Lexus Chase at Leopardstown on December 28, when he stayed on well for a convincing eight-and-a-half length victory over Rubi Light. He improved on that run on his latest start in the Grade One Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup at Cheltenham on March 16 as he rallied gamely to beat The Giant Bolster by two and a quarter lengths, with defending champion Long Run a further three-quarters of a length back in third. Race Record: Starts: 19; Wins: 9; 2nd: 1; 3rd: 3; Win & Place Prize Money: £510,775
These days the image of a salesman has changed dramatically. The familiar door-to-door salesman has gone the way of the dinosaurs. Now we have guys flashing brochures of gutters and siding, and Girl Scouts tempting us with boxes of calorie-laden goodness. Many salesmen these days have been replaced by buttons on our computer's that say "add to cart" and "buy now", and UPS guys in crisp brown uniforms approaching our front doors carrying packages. We also now have, what are called "traveling salesman." They're called this because they spend half their lives driving to the four corners of the earth in search of customers to sell things to.
without prejudiscm,
Unfortunately, to do so, he’d be advocating reducing the services the government provides to us like transit, libraries, programs, various forms of social innovation. Elect me and I will make your city less liveable and equitable!
However i do bargain buy alot :)
I'm enjoying a Tim Holtz on-line course at the moment. Lots of new techniques and getting all inky with distressed inks, distressed stains and all manner of crafty stuff!
- I say: Got to like Thor’s talk on depression tablets and erections.
because I'm setting up Mrs. High Lord's new iPad 2. I bought her an iPad last October when her other tablet/eReader crapped out, but it often gets co-opted when the grandkids come over. So we got a new iPad for Mrs. High Lord which can also FaceTime with everyone else in our family who seems to have joined the world of Mac.
The rest of the 'door story' isn't so quick, but I'll try to summarize so my post isn't a buzillion miles long! (Note...I fail miserably at this...if you just want to see pics, scroll on down!)
Psalm 23
9:44 - Hear garage door going up; tell Liberty that if she wants to play outside, she HAS to wear clothing.
Tobias hefted the tongs in his left hand. The Jovian weight of the hammer tugged at his right hand and arm, but was no match for the bulging muscles shaped by years of pounding metal. Hands rough and large, scarred by embers and red-hot iron. The smith stared at his hands as if seeing them for the first time. The resentment he felt for his hands flared bright in his mind. Today it felt like hatred.
The Chief Minister is the top ceramah topic for DAP and Lim’s oratory is peppered with mentions of Bai Mao, the Mandarin term for his snowy-white hair. In Kuching, where the Hokkiens are the majority, he is known as Peh Moh.
"For this child I have prayed and the Lord has granted me what I asked for." 1 Samuel 1:27
Thank you for contacting The Kroger Family of Stores. We appreciate you taking the time to contact us and give us your feedback regarding J&D BaconPop Popcorn no longer being available in our stores.
I have no sympathy for Zimmerman or his family. I believe he is guilty of murder, and he murdered someone because he wanted to. I don't know if he killed Trayvon, because he was black, but he definitely killed him because he wanted to. There was no reason for him to use that gun. What he did was unreasonable.
Or maybe it’s like one of those giant plastic ornaments, where inside each ornament is an incrementally smaller ornament, and it keeps going until the last ornament is tiny. Perhaps if I peered into one of these giant purses, I would see a medium-sized purse, and inside there would be a smaller purse, and then an even smaller purse, etc. That would actually be pretty awesome lol.
“A friend your own age?”
Bottom line is, if you look back and find yourself wondering why you changed so drastically because of a fashion, maybe you need to get out of it and remember why you started.
Southwest has traditionally served smaller, regional airports like Dallas Love Field instead of DFW, and destinations like Louisville, KY instead of Boston, MA. Well, guess what? They serve Boston directly now. They're back in San Francisco, and they have a presence at NY LaGuardia and Newark--all expensive places. They're not the little airline that could anymore. They're a huge carrier, and the most profitable by far of US airlines. As recently as 5 years ago, they were the closest thing to a "populist" airline as there was: no first class, no preferential treatment, no option to pay more and get more.
I loved the gold one with the different toned eye, but the price difference was considerable, so the silver is just fine for me.
It's been two months today. Two months since the last time I saw Cooper and Sage. I miss them dearly, sometimes so bad that it hurts. Like last week when I came across the tug-a-war toy and all those emotions and memories came washing over me. But I didn't cry. For a minute I did think about mailing the toy to them. But I didn't. I just put them it the trash. As much as I miss them, I don't want to see them. Not that I wouldn't love to, but I truly believe it would be just too much to handle. That it might would mean me moving backwards emotionally when I've been doing so great (not to toot my own horn!) at moving forward. Plus, if I wanted to see them that just means that I would have to see HIM and possibly HER too.
Why didn't we think of this sooner? Don't get me going on that one..or just read the previous post.
What was your most comforting toy as a child? Was it your fuzzy teddy bear? Your warm blanket? The truck your favorite uncle gave you?
So, the lazy, feckless, baby-popping Jeremy Kyle fans are getting worried now. Their benefits (that are being paid for by those of us in work) are going to be capped at £26,000 a year.
It is already too late for South Africa, but not for America if enough people strengthen their spine and take on the race terrorists, the armies of the "politically correct" and, most dangerous of all, the craven politicians who believe "compassionate conservatism" will buy them a few more votes, a few more days of peace.
She's up in the nursery, blissfully rocking.
It is very easy to forget these realizations/understandings/convictions/practices. But I must apply effort to do so and to come back to them again and again and again. The more familiarity I gain with them, the more they will become part of my thought processes until they become part of me. The key point is this: it becomes true (that I am in the pure land) when I remember/hold this conviction. In depenence upon this conviction, I will then receive the wisdom blessings which will enable me to understand how and why it is true. Then it will be my living experience. When it is my living experience, then I will create pure karma. This pure karma will then make it a self-reproducing reality for me.
There was some excitement!
Hmm, I do have some additional stuff to tell you but forces beyond imaginings have told me to KEEP MY MOUTH SHUT. For now. Neveretheless, I can be bribed. If you do come along to any of the tour stops (see here), that would be great. If you bring pecan pie, that would be greater!
I became a Spotify Premium member recently and between that, Pandora, and Apple's new music service I may never buy another song again. Spotify has a huge collection of albums so I can listen to whatever I want without having to own it or get tired of it. I can cache songs or entire albums/playlists locally to listen to while I'm on a plane or something. Anyway - it's worth $10/month to me. I listen to it every day so I certainly get my money's worth. They've got a free trial going on but be forwarned that once you start you may find yourself getting hooked like I did.
So there is no such thing as too good a writer, only other writers not feeling good enough. Is there, however, too good an anything? Is there too good a medicine, a building, a soup, a companion, an automobile, a gardener, a tailor, an actor? There may well be too good a suit or dress, but not for an excess of goodness, merely too steep a price.
I’m not going to go into detail on many of the steps, due to lack of space, however the Grails docs are extensive and well written.
At the top of the hill, just before the gate we had entered previously, a wooden style crosses the fence and leads to the same spot. As I stood here and rested a while something told me the style was the right way to enter into the ritual landscape this evening, for this time we wasn’t simply visiting or on a reccy, this time there was work to be done.
Last weekend, we were back in the swing of things post-road trip.
I haven’t written on here enough since I said I would but today’s events pushed me to share them with you as a means of me venting before the men in white coats come to carry me off because I have been found rocking in the corner.
Thanks so much for spending time with me today,
Not a way to listen to music. LP stands for "Let's Play". People will often record themselves playing through a game for entertainment, or to provide a walkthrough, or to review the game. These videos are usually found on YouTube.
It may sound crazy, but the proposal really isn’t about you, it’s about your girlfriend, ok, so I know you’re the one coughing up the money for the ring, you’re the one doing all the planning and making arrangements at this stage, but really think about it, you’ve made a big leap – you’ve found the woman you want to spend the rest of your life with – even though you know she feels the same way about you, you’ve got to ask her in a way that would make her happy to be with you for ever, not give her serious doubts.
I love the packaging of these lip butters. It is the same quilted casing as the Revlon Colorburst line. Same size, just the Colorburst line casings are all matte black. The Lip Butter casing reflects the shade of the lip butter.
;_;
I have a pretty inventive pal whose blog COMICS TOOLS has a bunch of tips and tricks... it was on hiatus for a while and is possibly back, but if you look through it you can find a ton of advice on everything from eraser shields to Ames guides.
“Absolutely not,” Camping says. “It is going to happen. There is no Plan B.”
I settle by remaining silent when I should be sharing the Gospel! Fear silences the voice of the godly and keeps them from the joy of salvation found in witnessing to others. The enemy does not want you to keep talking about the Lord so he uses fear and embarrassment to shut God’s People up. For those who have pressed past such emotions and witnessed the Goodness of God in the land of the living, they cannot be silent. My voice enunciates my faith. It is a proclamation of praise and confidence in a faithful God and imperative to have it all. I Corinthians 9:23 says that by sharing the Gospel, we share in its blessings! Bonus! God will bless you just for telling others about it. Silence steals your blessing! Boast in the Lord today and you will have it all.
The sharing economy is much more than just a bunch of neighbors sharing cars and tools. It could be the platform for the next iteration of social and political change.
Mars Magic by Wold Top Brewery (261.7 miles away), is a 4.6% dark bitter. Dark amber in colour with a smallish creamy off-white head. Heavy dark roasted aromas with hints of coffee, and very earthy. There are lots of hefty roasted malts in the flavours, with an almost smokiness and an abundance of dark fruits possibly raisins, and figs. Much heaver than the previous two beers, with much richer flavours – definitely recommended.
Some days I feel like such an orphan on this earth with having both Mom and Dad gone. But I'm reminded that this earth is not our home. Our home is in heaven. I have hope...some day soon I'll get to be reunited with both of them again. Oh, how I can't wait for that day.
I do think that it was Mary’s quick thinking that often kept her group of friends alive and it’s too easy to discount the agency of those around her (i.e. to think that Mary caused what happened to them -- everyone in the book had their own choices to make).
Weddings are very happy occasions where I come from. There is alot of singing, eating, dancing and drinking…some others may call it feasting but its a sum total of those four small basic aspects. Then there is the most important bit of the wedding… *drum rolls* DRESSING UP!!
one thing that made the most difference in my life and sustained me through all my trials.. The one thing that I could always rely on when tears and heartbreak and pain and fear and sorrow paralyzed me... The only thing that would comfort was this verse.........
Regarding my glider/rocker debate..............
30 minutes 2 hours 15 minutes 1.5 hours
The latest statistics show that in 2007, 223,307 men were diagnosed with prostate cancer.
12. Graffiti
What are you trying to infer?
Ooi today challenged Razali to come out and reveal the contents of his police report so that legal action, if any, could be taken by the party.
Minimums...
This post and the trip I'm going to write about have both been a long time coming. Hard to believe the trip to New York has already been over a week ago. Life and time just passes too quickly for my liking these days!
Brewed: 07-20-2008
And then there are things that are just common sense. If the author says the character is dying, you know his or her death is coming up sometime during the book. The author is not going to postpone the death scene until his or her trilogy is done if he or she announces that it’s coming in the first book. Where and when requires more finely-tuned senses, but there are signs that can tell you these things.
Although the evidence for τῷ θεῷ is slight (A eth), this reading best accounts for the origin of the others. Wishing to provide ἠγόρασας with a more exactly determined object than is found in the words ἐκ πάσης φυλῆς κ.τ.λ., some scribes introduced ἡμᾶς either before τῷ θεῷ (94 2344 al) or after τῷ θεῷ (א 046 1006 1611 2053 al), while others replaced τῷ θεῷ with ἡμᾶς (1 2065* Cyprian al). Those who made the emendations, however, overlooked the unsuitability of ἡμᾶς with αὐτούς in the following verse (where, indeed, the Textus Receptus reads ἡμᾶς, but with quite inadequate authority). See also the following comment.
The John Wilkes Booth storyline was originally cut from the movie. Theater audiences didn’t see the scenes filmed at The Hope Center. The film was recently re-released as an extended director’s cut on Blu-ray. This extended cut features the scene filmed at The Hope Center. You can pick up the Blu-ray version at stores that sell Blu-ray dvd’s as well as Amazon and other online retailers.
II. Encrypt the data
Choose 3 from Category C
Someone posted an interesting article on FaceBook. It says a recent study indicates that "48% of gay men would sacrifice a year or more of their lives in exchange for a perfect body." (See the original article here). The resulting feedback is generally pretty negative....
We used to have to travel 45 minutes to get saag paneer in Santa Barbara, CA. Our little Danish town had Danish restaurants, Mexican restaraunts and a Chinese place I never went to. The apartment I live in now has three Indian restaurants within 5 minutes. I am so happy here in Austin. If there is one thing I was excited to learn how to cook from scratch it was saag paneer. I could eat it every night for a year and still crave it a week later. I imagined it would take hours and would be hard. Nope, I should have been making this years ago. Making the paneer yesterday took about 3 hours but only 20ish minutes of actual work. I used frozen spinach because that still fits within the rules for the week and costs less than buying an equal amount of fresh. The spices I needed were all at the store-or already in my mom’s cabinet. I fried the paneer and it didn’t stay together well because I guess I didn’t press enough of the whey out yesterday. It still tasted great so who cares? I don’t mind making this again soon to practice my techniques. As I was cutting up the jalapenos my son kept eating pieces off the cutting board. Weird kid. We had dinner in under an hour. It wasn’t exactly like my favorite place makes it but it was pretty close. I’ll try every recipe for it I can find if it gets my son to eat half a bag of spinach in one sitting.
House Of The Devil may ultimately be nothing more than a genre exercise. But it would be unfair to dismiss it because of that. It is indeed a very particular kind of genre exercise, one where the audience and the artist must both have the same knowledge of the subject matter in order for the effect to be fully realized. West in many ways is like the Glenn Gould of horror filmmakers. Sure one can listen to and enjoy The Goldberg Variations, but it’s not until you listen to someone else play it that you realize the true genius of his work.
Why have they made everyone cry? What is their problem?
3. My students: Some of my favorite times of the week are when I am in the classroom with my students. Teaching is something I love to do and something I feel like the Father put on my heart early in life. The look of happiness on a student’s face when I tell them they have done some well, or gotten a good grade, brings such joy to my heart and I love encouraging them!
I hate Mr. Big. Okay, let me be fair. I have a healthy distaste for Mr. Big. What I hate is Mr. Big and Carrie together. He might be a fine enough person, but he was terrible for the leading lady of SATC. And considering that many women have turned to this show as their essential guide to dating in your 20s, 30s and 40s, I feel that I must address why Mr. Big is terrible for Carrie. Please don’t judge the amount of thought I’ve put into this list (clearly I have too much time on my hands):
Siblings relive horror deaths
The thing I thought about most was whether the world was real or whether it was just all in the mind of someone ‘up there.’ I was never really sure. All the tangible things around me could be non-existent. I could be non-existent. All the people in my life could be non-existent. The world could be non-existent.
That doesn’t mean there is nothing new here because there is: a style of writing I had not encountered before. Solzhenitsyn referred to them as binary tales, dvuchastnyi rasskaz in Russian, stories in two parts, not two chapters but, if I can compare them to something visual, more like a diptych. In the story ‘Zhelyabuga Village’, for example, what we get presented with is a before and after scenario: the first part of the story describes a day during the war where an artillery battalion is engaged in an assault during the one of the battles at Kursk Bridge in 1943 focusing on the members of a sound-ranging battery and there are clearly biographical elements here because during the war Solzhenitsyn served as the commander of one; the second part, set fifty-two years later (during the Yeltsin era), sees the narrator return to the city of Oryol to celebrate its liberation. While there, he and a colleague from that time (Vitya) visit the site of the battle which he narrated in the first part along with some officials, only to be accosted by some old women—they block the road and refuse to let their jeep by imagining them to be in some position of authority—and, if there is a single question hanging over the story it likely is: Was this what we were fighting for?
After doing your research, you may learn that the competition truly does offer a compatible product or service at a lower investment. Or, it may be a slightly inferior product. Or, they may not offer the excellent service that you do. There’s bound to be something you find that’s not as good as what you offer. If you don’t find one of those three things as being different from your offering, you may need to rethink what you offer to improve in at least one of those three areas.
Jonah had a great day at school and did amazing work at feeding therapy for Ms. Wendy. Our assignment over the past week has been to get Jonah to eat mashed banana and home made sweet potatoes. These are textures he has had very little interest in and we knew would be a challenge. We struggled all week to get him to take more than a little lick. Imagine my surprise today when he ate just over a Tablespoon for Ms. Wendy. It wasn't a walk in he park for the little guy but he battled through it and made me so proud! What a little trooper!
Ricki was arguably one of the bigger names in the cast – and tehrefore had the most to lose. She already had a career, already had a ‘name’, already had a reputation. She didnt need the show to promote her, however, she needed to uphold her persona on this show. It wouldve been devastating to her, if she had gone in the first or second week… or if she had struggled, and not been able to get herself to the top of the pack. Lucky duck got Derek (who pulled those strings?) who was able to propel her through the early rounds and make her the dancer she is. She deserves the trophy as much as the next guy, she worked her butt off literally.
Luckily, I have a month to draw some conclusions about that one.
and monday is in swing outside
Christchurch, New Zealand
6) Noir
In other words, they explain the fact that not all bacteria photosynthesis by the ones that don’t do so being able to leech off the ‘leaky’ process taking place in other organisms. But they don’t all ditch the process, as after a threshold is passed it is no longer beneficial to not be carrying out photosynthesis, relative to the advantages gained. Or, as they say:
Beerfest - The name says it all. An group of 5 Americans go to Germany to compete in a Super Secret Beer drinking competition. Awesome movie. One of my all time favorites. Grade - 4 1/2 Burps
And when you stop
I have mixed feeling about that.
A study published in the January 3, 2012 issue of the “Annals of Internal Medicine” and widely reported by mainstream media suggests that conservative care consisting of either spinal manipulation or home exercise is more effective than over the counter pain relievers and prescription medication. We are seeing a pattern here. As I have cited in my previous posts, the trend back to non-medicated forms of healing and self-care are being seen as the best alternative to treatment of pain and diseases. This may not be so favorable for pharmaceutical companies but if we can express our power to choose healthier alternatives to heal ourselves over drugs than our message will be heard loud and clear.
So it’s a wrap until October. Now what am I going to do with my Sunday nights??
of analog and digital
Joe's Cigarette Skinny Jeans $99 Saks Fifth Avenue Off Fifth
A son and daughter, accoutered like their
So during the week, the town was pretty dead.
Attack and defend for their future
Photography : Mark Segal
These kids have been at it for a few years playing their songs to fellow New York indie-rockers, and fine-tuning their sound, and they only seem to be picking up more steam as time goes by. I hope the steady stream of good tunes never runs out for them.
The writer, a former newspaper editor, is a researcher and peace and human-rights activist based in Delhi. Email: prafulbidwai1@yahoo.co.in
Isn’t this more of what the first church did in the book of Acts? They were seeing people come to Christ daily. Where was this happening? In a church building? No sir. There were no church buildings in the first century. Only homes. That’s right! People were leading people to Christ from their homes.
12 days until Christmas break!!! Well... it's technically 11 1/2 days, but who's counting? :) Is anybody else as excited as I am?!?! To help continue to get in the holiday spirit, here's another little holiday freebie for you!!
Zulily claims to offer top-quality apparel, gear and other goodies for moms, babies and kids. But is it a legit shopping club or scam/fraud?
Hahaha. I’m really sorry. Masyadong malinis yung path walk para daanan. Sorry naman. LOL talaga.
I was wrestling outta St. Louis. I was hot, young and didn't know shit, but I thought I did. I didn't respect all the dumb marks who paid to see our shows. Worse, I didn't respect the older workers who had never made it big. I was gonna be big. I talked a lotta shit behind a lotta backs. One night we drove to Fargo. The promoter stiffed me, said that the "draw was short so no payday". I was depending on that money to get back home. I went into a diner to stay warm, and the oldest beat up worker; the one I made fun of more than any other was in there. He called me to his table, we talked, he bought the meals, and lent me some gas money. Being humbled....that's wrestling.
For example, bananas will stay green until they release enough ethylene to start the ripening process.
Welcome to the LAND OF ICE.
The route description as mentioned is pretty good, my GPS tracking logged 15.75 km which ties in with the 16 km stated and it took me 2 hrs 12 mins including me stops for map checks, photos, little bit of getting lost etc. So for an average mountain biker without local knowledge the 2hr estimate is pretty accurate, although it would be much quicker if you rode it as a regular route.
Cortijo, the Spanish archaeologist, said the loss of Flores makes reaching any understanding with the Mashco-Piro very complicated.
If truth be told, my cake was overshadowed by my mother's splendid pavlova, which is much loved by many in the family. I don't mind. My mother takes great pride in her pavs but has been having some trouble lately. So much so, that she actually made two pavs in two days to get it right. However, the second pavlova was so good that it disappeared rather quickly and the dodgy first one (already well-nibbled by impatient children) was eaten up when seconds were requested. Mum also made an amazing chocolate cheesecake.
THIS app is great for those who have inventive kids, or for teachers who have units of simple machines. It starts out pretty easy – at least for this user, but got pretty challenging quickly. I can see groups of students collaborating together to achieve the design challenge.
And he is just SHINING in his classes. HE is the one who is interested in
Commuting at home is different – there’s a task lying ahead of you (one you might not want to do) and there’s always an underlying source of stress waiting to be tackled. On a holiday, travelling is just that: you’re in between places and free to observe, no pressure. I hate flying, but I enjoy time spend on trains and buses, watching scenery fly (or sometimes, crawl) by, making up stories about fellow passengers, playing DJ with my iPod and conjuring the perfect playlist for the journey, reviewing photos on my camera.
Step 4: Repeat the unpacking boxes part of Step 3. Continue for two days - or more, as needed.
Kim has a ton of gorgeous artwork on her blog. I don't know, maybe it's because distressing is my favorite technique, and Kim distresses everything, but every piece of artwork she posts is beautiful! Her blog is called "Memories in Thyme". Here is just a sampling of what you'll find:
The class noticed they had preferences and certain kata were easier for them to break free of the standard count. The dojo will be working on this concept again next week and in the upcoming months.
A city in Iraq.
Virginia $3.5 million $2.0 million
"???" which was so buried I had to synthesize it to try and get anything. My mom thought he was saying "turn around". I don't know what he was saying, but when it came through it made me go chilly. Which made me think two things. It was a voice, and it was a voice I /don't want to hear/ again.
I am so taken aback by his advice that I worry for any poor soul who takes him seriously. The issue at hand: Boy likes girl; how should he tell her?
What a scene! The Son of God weeping over Jerusalem and its wicked inhabitants. Those Jews did not know the things which belonged to their peace. They did not recognize and receive their long promised Messiah. They knew not the time of their visitation, “Now they are hid from their eyes.” The kingdom has been postponed.
I haven't slept much yet, but have been up half the night, sitting behind the computer, eating slices of bread with peanut butter. Mmm, good. That's to compensate for the cigarettes I'm not smoking. The bread with peanut butter does give me a feeling of satisfaction for a long time and I forget all about wanting to smoke. It takes the frustration out of me.
The company continued its phenomenal growth for decades and grew larger and larger. By 1977 the company’s workforce was already over 300,000 personnel. Revenues reached $50 billion in 1985. Those figures are staggering even by today’s standards.
As tends to be the case with many of these US based inventions, Africa has been completely ignored as a potential market – whether rightly or wrongly remain to be seen. It is also interesting to note that India, Pakistan, Sri-Lanka and Bangladesh have all been ignored. Anyone who has watched cricket in the last 5 years (and who are familiar with the UDRS (Umpire decision Review System) fiasco) will know that the BCCI (Board of Control for Cricket in India) hold all the aces and subsequently all the money in cricket.
For ARTWORK pick-up dates/times, please consult website FAQ’s
Hey there! How ya doin?
Have you tried Garnier's BB Cream? What did you think of it?
Brad Pitt, playing Lib Dem candidate Alan Levy, said “I was attracted to this role because of the obvious similarities between Mr Levy and I. Why didn’t I get to speak first anyway? I’m a bigger star than anyone”
That riot of broken bamboo stalks actually came from the house that can be seen just past the palm tree, but was dragged across the street by members of that household in part as a service to people driving down the gray brick road or walking down its sidewalk. Sure, that pile is too big to be on the narrow sidewalk in front of that house - but I saw it and wondered:
Impossible is not a word
Here, I think, is where the Neo-Catholic Conservatives and the sedevacantists are surprisingly similar to each other. Both fall into the same error of making the Church's Magisterium into an absolute. Whatever the Magisterium says must be accepted, no matter the nature of the pronouncements.
And I got to do some spinning!
sliced mushrooms (2-3 cup)
Dip each slice in batter and allow to soak thoroughly, then drain well.
Look, I'm still around
What a sucky weekend. Hope yours was better.
“It’s the first time someone has brought us clothes and food. Only the church has helped us so far,” said Tassiou, an epilepsy sufferer whose family lives on her welfare benefits. “I’ll vote for Golden Dawn, maybe it’s time for something new.”
Fourth is "Queen of Horror!" by Dick Piscopo (art) and Don Glut (story). Similar themed to the previous story, it is about a monster movie director, Katzman who is looking for a new hot theme since his movies haven't done well lately. His assistant, with the help of a "Gorry Hackerman" (an obvious nod to Forrest Ackerman) comes up with the idea of having a female monster. Their actress is found in a bar, a woman named Mildred who is soon renamed to Adriana. Adriana does very well in a series of hit monster movies. One night Katzman invites her to his home, telling her he is in love with her. Adriana tells him no man could be happy with her and reveals that she actually is a monster, transforming into a werewolf who kills him. Adriana looks enough like Vampirella that I half expected it to end up being her while reading the story.
cannot cope with this phase, you will have all sorts of problems and
Here are some of the supply:
James Cameron’s movie, Avatar, is a spellbinding blockbuster whose effects are so astonishing that they vividly transport the audience into another worldly realm where worshipping a tree and communing with spirits are not only acceptable; they are attractive. Avatar is also markedly pantheistic and essentially, the gospel according to James Cameron. This pantheistic theme that equates God with the forces and laws of the universe is outwardly depicted by the heroes and heroine in the movie who all worship Eywa, the “All Mother” Goddess, who is described as “a network of energy” that “flows through all living things.”
I worked in a cubicle for almost a year and realized it wasn’t for me. I like glue, glitter, and solving problems, so I became a teacher. I have worked in public and independent schools and as a tutor. I have worked professionally with kids in grades K-12, and I focused on early childhood language acquisition for my graduate work. I have 2 small, wiggly boys and a partner I am grateful for every day. I love to bake, take photographs, talk honestly about birth and raising children, and do yoga. One day I would like to balance my life just a bit more so that all these “other” things get more airtime alongside the work stuff.
I’m happy with the amount of running I’ve done, the unstructured approach, listening to my body, seeming to work better for me than prescribing to a strict regime. Perhaps a bit more time on trails would have been beneficial, but it’s too late to worry about that now.
Children, regardless of age, need to be taught that their actions and words can have a profound effect on other children—in both a positive and negative way. Who is responsible for teaching this crucial bit of Humanity 101? Adults. Adults must take the reigns here and lead the way. They must take a stand, reach out, make themselves uncomfortable if need be, step out on the limb and change lives. Actually, save lives.
Both boys weights were pretty good. Caleb was just a little below the 50th percentile and they would like him to be above the 50th percentile. Ethan was in the 10th percentile, which is where he always hovers. Not low enough for a g-tube to be mentioned, so we are happy about that. We did talk about the need for a feeding therapist to help Ethan with some of his chewing and swallowing issues. That process has begun for a referral. We will see how long it will take to get that approved ;)
Hello friends! How have you been enjoying your February?
1. Pour the dried peas in a medium pot and cover with about two times as much water. Place over a medium flame, bring to a boil, then allow to simmer 30-40 minutes, stirring often to avoid burning.
Eating small meals frequently throughout the day stabilizes blood sugar, protecting against the sharp rise and fall that can cause a migraine headache.
I had a very busy weekend. Saturday morning Jon and I decided to go to the auction - it was a last minute thing. I didn't even make a reservation in advance. I told Jon the night before that we had to go to the auction to "look around" as an high end furniture store was going out of business. I got online and browsed the items. I was after a headboard, a console table and a bench...no luck with those items. However, I scored the deal of the day!!! I got this handsome grandfather clock for $95!! Yes, only ninety-five dollars!! I felt the adrenaline rush when I heard the word "SOLD!"
Even people who don’t like cats will surely fall inlove with one of the cutest cats that ever walked this earth!
Blend together the topping ingredients - not as much as the filling - it's nice to keep some chunks of strawberries in the topping.
Early on, I knew that I was going to like Caitlyn. There was something about her that I found so relatable and I noticed we had quite a few things in common personality wise. She had her insecurities and vulnerabilities, making her realistic, but she was by no means a weak character. Caitlyn had more of a subtle strength about her, which I liked. She also had a longing for better things, not to mention the courage to try and make them happen. Another quality I really admired was her sense of humor, which was witty with a slight dryness about it. Then we have Raphael, the dashing and charismatic young man that occupies Caitlyn's dreams. And please, if there is a guy like that floatin' about in the real world, lemme know. As much as I loved both Caitlyn and Raphael, I thought the romance between the two of them, while I did like it, was something that would have worked a tad bit better had Caitlyn been a bit older than fifteen. Wake Unto Me contained a variety of intriguing supporting characters as well. First there's Amalia, Caitlyn's roommate at Chateau de la Fortune. Though a bit reserved, Amalia also has a very compassionate side to her and I think both Caitlyn and I were surprised to find that she wasn't the least bit arrogant, you know, considering she's a rich princess. Then we have Naomi, who's originally from Ghana, my favorite out of all of Caitlyn's fellow students. She was funny, a bit sassy, and someone I could easily see myself as having for a best friend. We also have Daniela and Brigitte, both of whom grew on me and also carried their own distinct personalities.
It’s like my health teacher from high school said: There’s eastern medicine and then there’s western medicine. (Not a direct quote). In other words, in the west (America and Western Europe), we tend to cover up our problems as opposed to finding the source of our problems, as they do in the East. The mother relies on a computer software to make her family appear relaxed and well-mannered. Until she actually solves the problems with her family (which is rather easy), the family will always have to struggle to take these pictures. Here are some screenshots:
Bryan says Vermont had virtually become a second home, and the Otter Creek job he starts March 19th grew out of that.
Computer problems? Check.
preliminaries to resurrection.
For example, if I had a terrible day: being late everywhere, getting into an argument over something, forgetting my books at home or whatever bad happening, I would have two option: 1. say that probably I overslept, did not read enough, didn’t put book int he bag yesterday; or 2. say that it’s Monday’s fault.
A total of 13 people in #Israel were wounded in past 48 hours due to 77 rockets fired at #Israel. #Gaza #terror The Iron Dome system intercepted 28 rockets out of 31 attempts. #defense @barnoah thanks Mike. Gaza terrorists fire more than 40 100 rockets at Israel, terrorist released in Shalit deal killed
I don’t want to get much further into this. Last time I commented on it I got more hate email from krav maga fans than I would have gotten from thirteen year old girls if I had made fun of Justin Bieber. My recommendation is sticking to both Brazilian jujitsu and Muay Thai and having some modern combatives thrown in the mix so as to learn how to combine that with gun, knife and stick. The most important thing is finding a good instructor. No need to get the latest MMA champion or yakuza assassin, just a honest instructor that knows what hes doing and you’re comfortable with. Whatever martial art or system you are doing, how useful or not it is will strongly depend on the instructor you have. If there’s no sparring against non cooperative partners, chances are you’re just wasting your time. You must fight someone that fights back. Even with gloves, even with rules, its MUCH better than doing it for real on the streets for the first time, bare knuckled and doing it to save your life, of all things.
Another talented knitter is Jake Di Toro of the "Random Babblings" blog and "Karrde" on Ravelry. His latest finished object (aka FO) is "Clockwork" by Stephen West. Jake used 2 different colors of Berroco Sox to make his scarf, and it turned out great.
Nikolas (Hilde´s daughter)
*What I miss: I miss it all.....feeling normal....eating without getting sick....sleeping on my stomach....being comfortable....you name it, and I miss it. BUT, on Tuesday morning it will all be over and I will be on my way to feeling normal again. I'll take the sleepless nights over having my body as my own again!!!
I love you Ella and Eli!
The men walk into the hayfield and Jonah guts one of them before he and; the girl sneak off to his horse. As they ride off on Jonah's horse, the remaining four men shoot at them.
Some might call Pink a gold-digger, but not me. I too would prefer to put my time and energy into someone with a secure bank account; the point being that money isn’t all that matters to me. Nor is it all that matters to Pink. She’s simply a woman confident enough in her self-worth to demand the best, and while she has little money of her own, minimal social position and average looks, she’s also too smart and determined to be denied.
Some researchers claimed that meat was fundamental to health, while a growing minority of nutritionists began to correlate the meat-centered American diet with rising rates of heart disease, cancer, and diabetes. In 1971, Frances Moore Lappe published her landmark book, Diet for a Small Planet. Up to that time it was believed by American nutritionists that only meat could supply adequate protein.
torture and potatoes, torture burger, torture sandwich.
After a long taxi ride across town we made it his to home-office/technological powerhouse where Khun Kent humbly explained to us that he’s not a seller, that it’s difficult for him to express the complex workings of technology in simplified English. But all language barriers aside what became obvious during the talk is that Khun Kent is our man when it comes to flood prevention, he is the technological super brain that I only knew from movies where a single man’s idea or ability would solve the hero’s or villain’s problem but Kent is neither a villain nor does he see himself as a hero. He’s an engineer, a maven in the field of alternative energy generation who knows what he’s doing and who’s made it into foreign newspapers. He runs a technology firm called Fat Shore which operates in the field of alternative energies bringing sustainable power to communities in Thailand and he’s the only one in Thailand operating wind-turbines!!
Flopsy: What are those?
This is one of my most favorite events that we hold each year.
I read an article the other day on the internet that was very disturbing to me. To sum it all up the author said that if you hear of U.S. armies gathering forces and mustering for combat know that it is going to be a civil war they are preparing for. Our economy may crash entirely and this may happen even before the next Presidential election. (Do a search engine for “civil war pre or post 2012 election”)
NOTE: Fools make a mock at sin
today on my ipod - please come to boston (dave loggins), i'm like a bird (nellie furtado), romeo and juliet (dire straits), tupelo honey (van morrison), fallin' and flyin' (jeff bridges), stuck in a moment (u2), i wonder (chris isaak), tiny dancer (elton john), world spins madly on (the weepies), ode to billy joe (bobbie gentry)
1/2 cup natural grape juice
There are basically two types of wreck dives that SCUBA users can engage in. The first type is the derelict or defunct boat which is sunk on purpose to hopefully be a starting point for a new coral reef and a fun dive site. This kind of wreck is carefully prepared before it’s sent to the bottom in a pre-chosen spot. Clutter and debris are removed, hatches and ports are removed, access holes are cut into the hull sides, and lots of other prep is done which will make this wreck a safe and fun environment to explore. Even after such a wreck has sat for decades, attracting all sorts of interesting marine life, it is still essentially a safety-engineered divers’ playground.
I was also a counselor because I'm a listener. People tell me things. Things I don't always want to know. For instance, one time in the drug store a man stopped me and asked where the Depends were. Then he explained why he needed them. And because I'm kind (see a previous post), I listen. :)
These are still early days for Google TV, and this release is another step in providing developer tools for the big screen. While the number of apps available on TV will initially be small, we expect that through this early release of the add-on you'll be able to bring optimized TV apps into the ecosystem more quickly. To start doing this, download the Google TV add-on today. Also, please continue to reach out to us on the Google TV Android Developer Community forum. We look forward to your contributions!
i am pretty confident i can keep THESE plants alive.
(On a positive note, fall graduates like myself are actually supposed to be part of the cap and gown walk in May, even though we get our diplomas in January.)
Long Stem flower by Dusty Attic, Fence by Maya Road.
My son threw back his head in displeasure, letting out a sigh.
priest guy in the back and he's all "中国废话" and the two other guys and
The goal--a philosophy of history--republicanism is a philosophy of history.
How else do you have a child / teen making their own way in the world if their parents are hanging around sucking up the oxygen?
Tips: Soundcloud is the easiest to understand and use for your recorded piece/pieces.
will be received when public session reconvenes.
Italy takes part in International Women’s Day, La Festa della Donna when women of all ages celebrate this special day dedicated to them with celebratory dinners or just get together with other female friends and are often presented with bunches of bright yellow Mimosa, the recognised symbol
And it is bigger and better than ever.
55. Make 3 new friends.
Three (3) lucky winners will win their own copy of Sweet Baby Moon: An Adoption Tale
The soul of Psi is wholly lit
Are you being punished? You squint and tap hard on the keyboard, willing one, just one substantiation of time to materialize. Had you fooled yourself into thinking you could capture time like some hovering butterfly? Netting it. Controlling it. Planning so much, with such intention, expectation, and precision that time would bend to you like a flower opening to
Once we were fueled, we headed into Charelston. From the resort, it took about 30 min to drive into downtown, but the weather was beautiful and the drive was gorgeous.
To narrow the wood, which is called "resawing," I put the fence at over 1/2", probably about 9/16" (just under 5/8") and start with a cut about 1" high.
Can you think of any portrayals of writing in film or book? Are they realistic or hilariously off track?
(13) COPPER LAKE LTD
Also, before the rules which would be introduced at the end of the 18th century and further developed in the 19th century it was much more of a ‘no holds barred’ form of conflict. Quick research into fighting manuals and instruction books of the day will provide evidence of throws and locks, eye-gouging, head-butting and even open palmed strikes. There are even indicators that kicking was involved. Certainly when an opponent got you to the ground he was allowed to kick you where you lay, a practice known as ‘purring’. This sounds so rough and ready that many readers may form the impression that such combat was just scrappy ‘free for all’ brawling.
One was used by armed robber Jimmy Fox, wanted for the murder of post office worker Frank Kerr in Newry in 1994.
Set a large pot of water to simmer.
Jesus, truly understood, that Heaven’s purpose is served through the human form and that is ALL THAT THERE IS to being human. The choices we make… come from our KNOWING… the difference.
Tonight as I cook over the fire and light our evening with hand made candles,
For the disrobed faceless forms of no position
at the instant, the phosphorous flare.
In 2007, the officers allegedly used chainsaws and then again last year their houses were again razed by the same method.
Think there’s a difference between healthy and healthier? Absolutely! Problem is you never know where you’ll be when you get a SNACK ATTACK! There’s nothing wrong with snacking but, there are substitutes that will help curb your cravings and sky rocket your energy levels to not just be healthy, but be healthier! MaxWell Medical has alternatives that will have you snacking for more!
We've been making a lot of pizza. It's cheap, fast, and so good. Also, one of my favorite foods. The chanterelle mushrooms were picked by my parents, which made that pizza even more special. The olive bar at the grocery store makes for interesting pizza toppers. And we've discovered that the cheddar style daiya makes an incredible stuffed crust. Yes, we went there.
Why is it so hard to tell?
10 National Poetry Month Activities
I've considered becoming a Doctor or a Psychologist but there's no way I wanted to be in school for that many years, and the hassle of getting re-licensed in different states ins't practical for a military wife. Becoming a social worker in the next two years, I can promote health, physical and mental wellness, and help people with their medical issues that might otherwise go untreated.
I am an American Soldier.
8:00 – Wolff, Superhuman Happiness, Thought, Awesome New Republic @ Pianos $10 (21+)
Clare Tucker, prosecuting, said during that hearing: ‘These charges relate to the sexual exploitation of girls between 11 and 16 across the Oxford area over a period of several years.’
Perfect for the lip balm lover
Have you ever had one of those moments in your fashion life when you have tried on an item of clothing and just gone ‘Ah’? Not as in a ‘Ah!’ I will never EVER wear something like this, it makes me look like an extra in the next thriller film clip, but the ‘Ah’ moment when a type of clothing is just so perfect that you have to spend lots of money buying it in different colours and patterns?
I remember when President Clinton was exposed thinking that it was nobody’s business, that it was between himself and his wife and should remain a private matter. I have since have had a change of thought.
One day those skies will clear
Its probably because I feel like I deserve this. I ate high calories food this past weekend, I haven’t had a really good workout in a while. I’ve been adding flavor with sugar to my coffee (although I do count that in my food log), I’m not drinking as much water as I should be drinking. With habits like that, there’s no wonder I’m up a little this week. I’m the only one to blame.
And just like that, I rushed forward again, leaving a streak of motion behind and no longer on "pause".
Lokomotiv lost three times last week, once inconsequentially to Unics Kazan, and twice to CSKA Moscow in the semifinals of the PBL Playoffs. As a result, Lokomotiv will await a consolation series with the loser of the Khimki-Triumph semifinal to determine 3rd place in the PBL. On Wednesday, Lokomotiv takes on Unics Kazan in the semifinals of the VTB League Playoffs, held in Vilnius, Lithuania. Should they win, they will play Thursday in the finals against either CSKA or Leituvos Rytas.
That does not mean, however, that I will be trying any snails.
Drug trafficking organizations are aware that the media have agenda-setting powers and the ability to influence the government in Mexico; as a result, they keep journalists, editors, and photographers under a close watch. The more attention reporters are able to bring to an issue – whether drug smuggling, government corruption, or violence – the more the public will clamor for change and for the violence to stop. It is difficult for citizens to protest violence that never officially took place. The drug cartels’ violent pressuring and censorship of the media is a direct recognition of that fact.
The Olsen Twins. Full House was the best show ever. Not only was every episode absolutely phenomenal, but it also introduced the world to Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen. Girls everywhere spent hours and days watching their videos and movies on their VCRs. Years later, Mary Kate became ano and the pair started wearing a lot of fur. Recently, they announced that they’re done with acting (is that what they called it?) and are going to focus only on fashion. Oh, and the pair also had another sister who was kept in hiding during the 90s: Elizabeth.
Riley being the aww shucks Southern woman that she is occasionally treats her clients to something extra special – she gives them marriage advice. Riley is like the Ghost Whisperer if you replace the ghosts with unhappy husbands and the whispering with handjobs and insight. The Client List is a trashy romance novel in television form, and there’s nothing wrong with that because why should the ladies miss out on some escapist fantasy. Despite being one of the most ridiculous shows to come along in a long while (seriously, imagine trying to sell this idea to your friends and co-workers – “Jennifer Love Hewitt is in it and she gives massages… TO SAVE HER FAMILY) The Client List is strangely compelling. There are a lot of bad shows on television but there is no bad TV show quite like this one.
As you can tell I need some help with my photography. I was trying a different setting and angle, I think the way I was taking pictures before was probably better.
If you can make a 6 1/2 inch block to donate to this quilt project and have it in the mail to me by the first of next week, that would be super. I will construct the top very quickly and have it off to the lady who is going to do the quilting. I know that we will have what we need to put a smile on this little girls face and comfort her family. If you have some left over blocks this size, those would work too!
Guthrie: I mean the commonwealth
So why did we keep going? Because there was nowhere to turn around! And I kept thinking it would get better; surely it would get better.
It's play-off weekend for Noah's soccer league. He had two games today (they won both) and at least one tomorrow. If they win the game tomorrow it looks like they will be in the finals.
I was not going to go yard sailing today however I thought why not.
I swear trouble follows a fortunate few of us.
What genre really inspires you?
I discovered the website etsy.com this summer and have been madly in love ever since. (Due to my love of unique, crafty things, I find it hard to believe that I never checked it out before) I just found this seller who has absolutely adorable stuff for dogs. I mean, a girl's gotta look good, especially my Katie Katherine. How cute are these?
Whoot! One Playboy party invite has been procured by me, Herr Knoxious, and I don't even have any pajamas! Guess I'm going ala carte.
What have we done?
The panel is moderated by Daniel Kraus, author of the book Rotters, which is one of my favorite books from 2011. The topic of the evening is: Men at Work: Guy Writers Talk Guy Readers.
to knock on that door and ask me
Olympia, 1975
Easter Eggs:
None other than Samantha Brick.
Several years ago, one of our elders and I were asked to visit the sister of one of our visitors. The brother wanted us to visit with her and invite her to church (though she refused to visit church with him). So we went. As it turns out, the lady was heavily to New Age mysticism, crystals, astral plane projection… and very likely some mind-altering chemicals. In fact, she was convinced that she had gone to heaven and talked with God. She described in great detail the warm feeling that filled her heart with love, the sweet smell of flowers and the overwhelming feeling of peace and calm. She floated, suspended in midair as she and God chatted for about an hour! Afterwards, she was filled with a sense of tranquility and oneness with the universe. For some reason, as she was talking the tune of Brewer and Shipley's “One Toke Over the Line” kept playing in my head.
There is actually a story behind this page. It has to do with a little moral that I was told a few years ago that has stuck with me. It goes like this: Everyone has their problems. Those problems are like monkeys, jumping up and down and screaming for attention. Luckily we all have bananas to give our monkeys. But BEWARE, sometimes other people will try and trick you into giving them your bananas for their monkeys which leaves you with nothing for your own. When they do that, you have to say to them "That is not my monkey!"
And now, the extremely funny news. Even those of us who do become indistinguishable from native speakers, including where native speakers themselves can’t tell the difference, fail to reach native proficiency: we have near-native-like proficiency instead (I’m not joking, seriously!). This is because we human beings, for all our native competence, are apparently fallible in our judgements about our languages. We don’t notice what we don’t care about, whereas the machines that we build to make our judgements for us do: the proof is in reported examples of millisecond differences in, for example, the amount of puffed air that emanates from native and non-native vocal tracts pronouncing the sounds at the beginning of English words like pan, tan and can (this is the “aspiration of voiceless plosives”, in the insider lingo).
gotta love coursework essays ;)
Some friends and I had been trying unsuccessfully to start a ska band. I
Wish I had pictures to go along with this rant, I think they would be be funnier than what you might be imagining in your head but I don’t want to discredit how funny what you might have up there could be… so for now, dear readers, think of the absence of pictorial content as a way of my saying: I trust you, you are hilarious.
Description: If you have a true meta description about your page, it's ok. But If you are using a platform like Blogspot; there isn't a meta description. In this case; if you have a long header description on the top of your page under your blog name, there will be always same description. Make it shorter or better to remove it. Google is indexing same thing everytime so it's not a wonderful thing.
Last year I made it my mission to read literary fiction and it's been seven months that I've had this little scheme in action. I loved the books I read last year so it was a no-brainer to continue into the new year.
of cosmic consciousness
Then I keep paddlin’ Madelin’ home,
PS: Yep, fucked up and nowhere to go. Right now.
i am the girl at the piano
I'll end on a few tips:
But do understand that everyone in higher politics does comprehend this information. It is their lifeblood. They’re true income and wealth is their discretionary multi-million dollar expense accounts, not their meager salaries. Unfortunately, that includes people who are our hero’s… like Ron Paul. He is a great man, well intentioned, but forced to be silent. For he would be excused, muffled, his family threatened, or worse if he were to talk about this information publicly. This is organized crime to the most extreme, so this would be like an inside boss tattling on the mafia. This would be political… and probably physical suicide for Ron Paul and other good men and women in government. So it’s up to the people to expose this information in a grass roots movement and information campaign, so that good men like these can finally step up, speak the truth, and be the patriotic men and women they are meant to be… and to help us to do what’s right.
or fail to do with the music
Darlene, co-owner, took orders as people got towards the front, while Diana and the Melt Mobile staff cooked things up. Bobby was there, clapping away, giving tips, pushing them on to deal with this Stamford surprise crowd. From time to time he would poke his head out, set out some tomato soup or sandwiches, and make sure they got sent to their rightful owners. Chef Flay also helped out by grilling up the onions and mushrooms. Come on, you know Bobby’s the grill master. I got my hands on a tomato soup while we inched our way up. Yeah, that’s ridiculously ridiculous tomato soup. It’s creamy and tangy with a few chunks of tomato and some spices to round it out. Just plain awesome, and I have had a LOT of tomato soup in my day!
road side fruit stands
It may seem like a straight forward assignment to take a photograph of a notebook, but to make it more interesting, means creating an environment that not only looks real, but also feels natural.
Collins humanizes her characters through their love for their family, their desperate need to survive and to take care of what little they have. Also, we relate to basic human needs: food, shelter, compassion, dignity, love. Amidst the spectacle that is the blood-thirsty games and the menacing control of the Capitol, Peeta Mellark is the first character to bring true emotion to this novel. His declaration of love for Katniss is shockingly sweet. And, that’s when it hits me that I’m reading young adult fiction. Enter adolescent angst about love and relationships juxtaposed with war, death, murder, cruelty and the media. Is there a more fitting image for what today’s teens have to face?
The article is from American newspaper “The New York Times.”
1 inch piece of ginger, chopped
This is a fun craft to do with your kiddos. It does require supervising and with my two year old I had to help a lot. But they are so cute and I just love how they look on my table.
A spirit crushed by anger
Click here to fill out an application, or for more information, contact the Illinois Telecommunications Access Corporation at the information below:
You don't often see 'maids in white but I really love this idea and wish it were implemented
As I sit here, at my living room window, watching the beautiful Autumn leaves float almost weightlessly to the ground, I'm finding it hard to believe that it's Fall already. Has it really been that long?
I have a feeling the problems I've been seeing in the resumes I've been reading are probably very representative of the problems agents read in the query slushpile. Only difference is SOMEONE is going to get this job, so already the odds are better for my applicants. Agents can say no to everyone if they want, they don't HAVE to find someone to offer representation to.
Monday: Recommending books (and films). My theme for the challenge seemed quite popular, so I'm going to continue with that. I will highlight books I love, although they won't necessarily be new releases. These posts may contain books published in the last century, or even the one before that! They will be books that maybe you've overlooked, or have meant to read but never got around to it. I was really struck by how many people bumped up books on their TBR list because of one of my posts!
Professional salvors are onboard the Shen Neng 1 this morning to begin the process of salvaging the grounded Chinese bulk coal carrier.
therefore HIDDEN
I bought books on how to query and be published. Very quickly I discovered I was a guppy swimming with sharks. One needs an agent to find a publisher. Agents like to take on authors who have an interested publisher. Huh? I need an agent to get a publisher, and to get an agent I need a publisher?
Whether you’ve seen the full show, or if like me you’re waiting with bated breath to find out who’ll take the top model crown this season, you can tell MyModaLife who your favourite model is or if they have won? Have you seen your favourite model leave?
As I always seem to be watching my weight (NOTE: I don't eat particularly bad stuff, I just have portion control issues!) I thought it would be a great idea to make a little food journal so that I can jot everything down. I figured that if it looked pretty, I might be a little more inclined to make use of it. Baker Kaylee seemed the perfect choice for this project, even if she is tempting me to eat muffins!
Therefore with renewed enthusiasm have I decided to document its yearly cycle, starting from green to bare.
And they did a great job with beautiful
Some of the CDs will be oldies that I never got around to buying when they were new, others will replace those that were lent out and never returned, some will be random selections, and I’m determined to push myself to buy albums that I wouldn’t normally go for.
The following passage shows what happened to the church in Ephesus, to whom John addressed his epistles. Only a few years later, the apostle would receive this revelation from Christ (Revelation 2:1-7):
To enter this giveaway, simply share in the comments below:
The majority of convictions involved drunken and reckless driving (21 people), assault (16) and theft (14). The Department of Public Service and Administration - which is responsible for the hiring of public servants - downplayed the commission's findings.
A good science story should explain what is known by now (science), what the new study brings that is new (news) and why does that matter to you (phatic discourse). The lack of space usually led to omission of context (science), shortening of what is new (news) and thus leaving only the emotional story intact. Thus, the audience did not learn much, Certainly not enough to be able to evaluate next day’s and next week’s news. Zivkovic regrets that lack of space available for science reporting. This is true and is due to the need for editors to (1) ensure that the stories they put out are not too long and demanding for readers, and (2) stay within budget because stories commissioned from people not on staff are paid on a per-word basis. And journalists, he says, have merely come to rely on viewpoints from their sources rather than working to understand the ins and outs of the science themselves because that kind of journalism is very time consuming and expensive. So stories often, he says, end up as "he-said-she-said" journalism because the journalist merely relies on those sources, and the internal policy demand for objectivity requires taking views from people who may be pushing an ideological barrow. I talked about the shortcomings of science journalism back in January on this blog:
Hello everyone, and welcome to Challenge #147! We are so happy that you have decided to drop by and we hope that you will play along with us this week! June has given us our challenge this week for what will be a very fun challenge for you! But first we have some other exciting work to do.
in stitches played
I made a drawing of a weird tree. It had blue leaves, pink fruits, and a purple trunk. I drew a girl who had corresponding colorful features. She had blue hair, pink eyes, and purple skin. She was the guardian of the tree, and so she was the only one who could pick a fruit from the tree. Anyone else who tried to get climb the tree to get its fruits would die. The fruits never fell to the ground. Anyone who was given the fruit would have immense power.
The Tedorigawa "Silver Mountain" Yamahai Junmai ($33) is produced by the Yoshida Sake Brewery, which is located in the Hokuriku region of the Ishikawa Prefecture, an area well known for excellent rice production. The brewery was founded in 1870 and its water descends from the nearby Mount Hakusan, which is a potentially active volcano. This sake brand is named after the Tedori River ("gawa" means "river"), and it is thought the river obtained its name from the fact people used to cross the river hand in hand due to its rapid flow. One meaning of "tedori" is that it refers to a "braiding method," resembling in some ways the people with their linked hands.
Next time: Stay tuned to see how it went at the Mesa Arch sunrise shoot. And, desperate times call for desperate measures. More to come!
In short order I arrived at Mother’s house. Jamestry, Caretha and Thaddeus were at school. Good thing. Didn’t want them around for the conversation I needed to have with Mother.
1) I watch more TV here than I think I ever have before. Since I’m living in Brazil, it’s, er, ‘educational.’ Portuguese practice. Material for making small talk with people I barely know, or in other words, nearly everyone I talk to in a day. Lessons in Brazilian cultural and social norms. The justifications are endless!
The first time I felt like death myself, my world had sucked itself inside out through one ear and out the other. I was 13 years old, my mother was supposed to be baking cakes for the PTA meetings not slashing her wrists in our bathtub.
I have been without any type of Wine Rack. (Gasp)
So, reading up to this point you should know by now my brain is ticking away,
Shows like AIR, Kanon, and Clannad might not be for everybody but if you like to cry and laugh with your anime or just like to watch gorgeously drawn anime then you should really seek this anime out.
Growing up, I admired the pages of the decorating magazines my mom would bring into the house from time to time. I remember when Country Living magazine was all about “homespun”, and I watched their progression throughout the years with anticipation and delight. Right out of highschool, I paid for my first subscription of House Beautiful. Little did I know, that would be just the beginning of a burgeoning collection.
And so, we passed on, toward Port Mulgrave. What I had not told the Mule was that Port Mulgrave ceased to be a port in the nineteen twenties, that the "village" is more of an illusion than a reality, (blink and you've missed it) and.... There's no road down to the sea from the cliff-top. Oh. And there's no beach. Um. That's about it then. Otherwise a tropical paradise, minus the tropics, and short of the paradise...
The sky shivers silver
Last week, one of our friends dropped by to invite us to a Christmas party (later this afternoon). I was in my recliner, working on John’s socks, when Mike said he wanted to commission me to knit him a toque… a watch cap. I asked him what colour he wanted it, knowing the answer before it was even out of his mouth. Black. I showed him John’s cap and Mike deemed it exactly what he was looking for. He tried it on, asking what was front or back. I explained that, because it was knitted in the round, in one piece, there were no seams and, therefore, no front or back, right way or wrong way. He was impressed.
ohmygoodness... all that this experience IS is exactly what he has WANTED,
After being denied opportunities to compete?! That likely means this: didn’t golf well enough to qualify for.
Row 3: Beg dc cluster, ch 1, * dc in next ch-1 space, ch 1, (dc cluster, ch 1) twice in next ch-1 space, ch 1. Repeat from * across, dc cluster in last st.
Earlier this week, Nik Abdul Aziz, who is also the PAS spiritual adviser, said it was okay to accept sponsorships from individuals to perform the Haj, saying that this was not an act of corruption.
There are many things I don't know/understand about using gluten free flours...I used a mixture of spelt (I know it's not GF) & gluten free flour (both Bob's Red Mill Brand) for the macaroon muffins and they looked beautiful and puffy when they came out of the oven. I figured I would wait to photograph them since I hate it when my lens gets all steamy and I came back to these :(
This time of year seems to invite a slower pace. Perhaps it resonates psychologically, like a foreshadowing of old age. Or maybe, I just don't want to hurry into winter.
No, but you gotta keep yer eyes open, 'if ye wanna sling, sling for what yih slingin fir,' says Party Time, and 'keep yir eyes peeled 4 those'll try'an fuck'you!!!'. ' Samw as in J_______, or C_______ T____ or B__________ or U__________ or G__________ or wherever, but what I got plannned, beyond these weekend gangasteres yir all so annomoured with is them fearful shut-in's, those wierdo's and oddballs who don;t just quite get it in the here&now but who will do when its all too late but (and its all in the downlow from here on in) then I hopr we'll be: baricade behind our door, with: a wardrobe, a cache of tinned goods, a source of light, a source of radio, a baracade and weapons ands weapons and weapons and whatever Mad Otis can exchange, cos that's the limits that I think the controlllers will bring us to.........
I know I can't be the only one to have this problem. There are bloggers of all ages on the internet and I find it hard to believe I am the only one to loath the word verification process! Speaking of ages, here's a couple who probably have my problem:
One should be aware, however, that Bill is a closet Germanophobe, and this seeps out as he tells us: "The approach to this treaty provides further and ever more disturbing evidence of the European Union, in the context of increasingly coercive attitudes by Germany and France and the European establishment in pursuit of further and deeper political and legal integration, dangerously ignoring its own precepts for political ends".
So what is it that creates a different reaction between football fans and fans of other forms of entertainment? The same levels of intensity, the same levels of division, the same massive, big money, cynical industry. The only thing I can think of is the clear geographical distinctions. But then, the same problems aren’t held within other sports, such as rugby, cricket, or motor racing. Why has this feeling not carried over to America, which has an equally huge sport culture, but far less problems?
Certainly good for the muscles in the right arm!
The balm is smooth and feels luxurious on the lips. It’s not sticky or gloopy and it lasts for a couple of hours tops. It also looks nice over lipstick. I don’t however, like the scent. It is quite a strong vanilla smell and it lingers. I could even taste it. Great if you like very sweet, sickly smells but it is a little too much for me. But that won’t stop me wearing it.
Thank you all for your patience.
Web sites: www.santam.co.za and www.nandos.co.za
Carly: Kids grow up and become grown ups and get their own house.
You see, now I have a paranoia about gaining too much weight and having to lose it all (plus the 50 pounds I didn't lose to begin with).
I had a lot of fun responding to Tricia's Poetry Stretch challenge over at The Miss Rumphius Effect this week. She drew readers' attention to the odd and wonderful poetry of Paul Violi - some of which imitates the tables of contents or the indices of imaginary books - and asked us to produce something along those lines. Part of the challenge was to make it autobiographical, and the poem I produced doesn't exactly do that, though I think my own experiences with the hiccup over the years influenced it. Here it is:
But I never (thank Heaven) had to write the SATs nor freak out over which college to attend and whether or not it was affordable — I attended the University of Toronto whose annual cost (no, this is not missing a zero) was $660 my first year. It now still costs only $5,000 a year for Canadian residents.
I made a page for Sketchy Thursdays, did you read their blog..., this is the final one.
So for this fall I want to be as prepared as possible for the WMC. The first day is a doubles tournament and the second day is singles. The exact details of the tournament are unknown, but based on last year the doubles was 1000pts per player, and the singles was 1850pts.
If you want something with more colour and conditioning ingredients, go for the Revlon Lip Butters, still the best for colour in a balm. See review here.
Well, that’s about all I have for you. I don’t imagine you will read this letter, and that’s OK. You have important things to do in your ministry and, in your bedroom. I will say this, I feel badly for your children. I’m sorry that you have decided to ‘practice what you preach’ in this instance and to make it public for the rest of us. I’m sorry your children have to be exposed to this sort of nonsense. I hope they are not to embarrassed about the private matter you and your wife have decided the rest of us need to be aware of. I’m sorry that in your effort to do something that will market your product, you have actually defiled the marriage bed instead of keeping it pure.
(Sighed the old ram rod, dying of women),
Be sure to do research on your pet and discover any heredity problems that you and your vet should keep in mind. For example, bigger dogs should be checked for hip dysplasia and vitamins should be dispensed for joint problems.
The best think about Clipix is that I can customize the privacy of each board I create so that I control who sees them. I have a few that are private, that only I can see, and I've got a few that I share. It really makes me feel great that I can organize and visually Clip information I want to come back to, and that I can control who sees my clips.
I love the consistency of the body butter. Some I find way too thick. This is the consistency that I think a body butter should be. Very nice!
Thanks so much for stopping by to take a look. Have a great evening. I'll catcha later. Pat
These kinds of friends give wise counsel based upon God’s Word. Their advice isn’t always comfortable, but it’s always beneficial. They’re not afraid to speak the truth, even if it’s painful to hear. When we’ve gotten off track, they lovingly confront us and point us in the right direction. If we encounter times of difficulty or suffering, they are by our side, encouraging us to trust the Lord as we walk through fiery trials.
That’s right readers, for my first installment of Working Women and Feminism, I’m talking about the (in)famous Betty Friedan.
Weaknesses: Sage is really bratty. The reasons for this are clear later in the book (which I don't want to spoil), but I wanted to slap him on multiple occasions, which is never good.
Me: Mmm-hmm. Indeed.
It was a "tray"(?) filled with diffrent kind of food.. not quite as much as we had thought, but okay.. should have been for 10 people and we were 8 eating one.. and still were really hungry!
Seventh, take time daily to read the scriptures together as a family. Individual scripture reading is important, but family scripture reading is vital. Reading the Book of Mormon together as a family will especially bring increased spirituality into your home and will give both parents and children the power to resist temptation and to have the Holy Ghost as their constant companion. I promise you that the Book of Mormon will change the lives of your family.
Excellent Pricing on Folding Chairs Large Selection, Easy Ordering
Murphy’s description of Durham’s lineup procedures was wrong: Nifong had publicly identified as suspects all 46 white lacrosse players, the only people included in the April 4 photo array, and the Durham Police Department procedures required photos of five non-suspects for each photo of a suspect. Wouldn’t a lawyer understand the definition of a non-suspect?
GMOs were first introduced in 1996 so this is the first generation to grow up with these foods (that were not tested on humans first…oh wait yes they are, WE are the experiment) so we don’t yet know all of the possible effects these unnatural foods could have on our bodies. The most common foods to be genetically modified are: soy, corn, canola, cotton and sugar beets. In fact, according to the article: 94% of soybeans are now genetically engineered and 88% of corn is now genetically modified!! This is HUGE, almost all processed/packaged foods now contain at least one derivative from these two monster crops not to mention that many of the animal products consumed also contain these foods because GMO ingredients are used in their feed. So, why are foods being genetically modified? Why are scientists messing with mother nature? Conant states that “supporters have been thriving on the argument that GM foods are safe to eat, environmentally friendly, and a possible solution to world hunger and the ravages of climate change on our food supply”…hmmm, safe to eat foods that are being genetically altered so that insects won’t eat them but yet, we are okay to eat them? Engineered with insectides grown right into the food and still, it is safe for us, our children, our planet? What do you think?
You keep on singing your song.
As I was leaving a comment on Monica's post it suddenly struck me: all I need do to safeguard ideas that may in the future be useful (fleshable), not to mention to-dos that have yet to be done, is take a snap of the wall before each wiping. Or, better still, every morning. This means when I get a new idea and need to jot it down before it evaporates I'll be able to clear a space for it without having to stop and find my camera. Which, lets face it, I'm unlikely to be bothered to do. So that's that then: every morning when I sit down with a cup of tea at my desk I will pick up my camera and take a shot of my wall. Here's the first one (be prepared to get very tired of this):
Setting: Chester’s Mill, Maine
When it comes to describing someone as cool or uncool, I like what the Oxford dictionary’s 1 of 4 definitions of cool says, “fashionably attractive or impressive: youngsters are turning to smoking because they think it makes them appear cool.”
Our 3-person group had a gap as the course turned onto the highway for a gradual uphill mile. Bobby went on and brushed his shoulders off, opening a sizable lead in a very short time. Brock stuck his move for a half mile, which left me in no-man's land in front of the chase pack. I feel like those long, straight, sunny sections favor group running, and I could feel myself slipping just a bit. At mile 4, we had a descent that let me regroup, and the ensuing uphill was steep enough so the group behind shattered.
“N”, our quiet and happy go lucky guy has been doing fantastic! He is one that is in to routine and if that routine is broken, he will tantrum, but lately, we have been working on switching things up (within reason), and he has dealt with it superbly! He also doesn’t like to go places that are unfamiliar… but with a lot of work, he is taking our outings with stride and has come a long way. He seems to be happy when we are out and I think it is because he feels secure. His academics are soaring. Hell… even today he shocked the crap out of me. Normally when he washes his hands, he doesn’t get all the soap off, so we help him hold his hands under the water and count to 10. He counts so good! Well, today, he didn’t get rinsed, so I took him to the sink and helped hold his hands under the water and told him to count to 10… the little booger says “10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1″! I didn’t even know he could count backwards!
The Him
1/8 tsp ground black pepper, slightly heaped
Pouring rain, two strangers, an old time burger stand, boy likes girl, tries to get her attention. It was the stuff movies are made of. But in this movie the GIRL TOTALLY BLOWS IT because she’s oblivious!
Jonah Hex wakes up to find himself asleep on a saloon table. He suddenly remembers Brett & Emmy Lou and then jumps up only to find them gone from the saloon. He is trying to clear his head and into the saloon strides El Papagayo. The Mexican bandit whips out his pistol and fires. Jonah dives for cover and quickly returns fire but finds that he has blown the entire top off an El Papagayo robot.
This time of year is about as hectic as it get's for me, working in the wonderful world of handmade retail over the holiday season means I pretty much eat, drink tea, work, and sleep from Thanksgiving through Xmas. On top of that we've had a lot of travel the past few months making a busy time even crazier!
-Jill and the fantastic DD design team-
It's been working for 38 years, why stop now?
"What ya doing,"called out Storms A Brewing Corliss over the fence that separate our yard from her's. I explained that I had just gotten rid of the possum.
Well it would be nice to look up and see an UFO sometime. Something like an disguised Martian spacecraft that came by to say “Hello!” But I would be worried if there was something like a giant meteorite that would come down and end the world tomorrow. There’s a problem with the supernatural. Soon they become too common and you start thinking “enough already!” If there’s too many aliens invading you think “go home!” But, at the beginning, there would be plenty of fun to be had.
United States of America
When you link to a book seller's site, like Amazon, there are already a lot of advertisements present on the screen, competing with your message. That's right, your book page is selling other products for the book seller's site, not just your book. That means your book's sales pitch needs to really deliver 100% of what your headline promised. After all, you're still only getting about 20% of the readers in a perfect world. In an imperfect world, 80% are clicking on another "headline" (one of those ads the site/host has blinking, flashing and distracting your readers from your message) and leaving your book page as soon as they've arrived.
Judy replied with something unkind about Terry Nutkins whilst Patrick began to show interest in Graham Norton’s plumage. Wedged up there between his wings, I could feel the shiver of sexual excitement run through Patrick’s body each time Graham limbered up for the run by bending over and touching his toes.
from that same un-American, un-rock'n'roll place as Johnny Rotten's
There was a slight downhill section before I had to climb LL. I was advised not to walk up. I tried my hardest to run but I was just too tired. I also thought I was going to vomit. I walked as slow as I possibly could. I didn’t even care about my time. I just wanted to finish the race.
Death:
Mine's an IPA, please.
“I know they’re in there, I can hear something jangling,” she said optimistically. I didn’t have the heart to tell her that at least half of the things in my handbag do that.
Flowers and ribbon from Stash.
America, and along the shores of the great lakes, and all over
Betty Dudley
When the legal team finally settled on a figure, each individual would receive an average of $20 million dollars payout per claim. Multiplied by a total of 336,000 claims that were filed against the U.S. Federal Government, the total payout would come out to a staggering $6.6 trillion dollars.
Award winning?
It looks like the neck and head, a long snout with two sausage ears.
Within him lies a sub-set
Writing in 1938 in Experience and Education, John Dewey argued,
with a medium cookie scoop, scoop dough and place onto a silpat or parchment lined baking sheet 1 1/2 inches apart. bake for 9-12 minutes or until edges just start to turn golden brown.
I received my invitation to my Baby Shower today (my family like to still give invites to the guests of honour as keep-sakes). One of my closest friends is working in tandem with my Mum in organising it and it was her job to do the design on it (as far as I’m aware). Now it’s no surprise that I love the invite because she’s incredibly creative and amazing – but the thing that made me smile the most was the attention to detail and thought she put into it.
These memories are not so much plentiful as they are memorable. Three maybe four occurrences but to this day the right combo of smells will bring them to the forefront of my mind. And that combination of smells is most often found in a barroom.
Blue Door #5 for an interview. My doctor first asks "Fume?" And I said, "Yes, I'm female." Duh. He laughs and suggests we talk in English because this is important. He starts again. Smoker? Ahhh. No. Whew. He looks at my x-ray and tells me my chest looks great. If I had a dime... He also says I have no scarring from that bout of pneumonia from when I was a kid, which now releases me from the phantom death grip I've carried for 30 years. He listens to my chest and says I sound stressed. "Ya, this revolving door visa experience is stressful." He prescribes leaving as soon as I have my new visa stamp. Later, I prescribed myself a glass of wine just to make sure the stressed flushes out of my system. After the interview with the doctor, I'm handed a prescription for a booster shot and it is back to the...
but was more likely the singing......
You know, today has just been one of those days. The original person I had lined up to do a guest post for today fell through, so yesterday I asked my really good friend and Glee Chat co-host, Coty, if he would write one up for me. He very graciously agreed and then, lo and behold, his computer stopped working. Thankfully, he loves me, so he gave me permission to steal a post of my choosing from his blog. Thanks, Coty!
I chopped 2 leeks and then rinsed them really, really well. Saute over medium heat for 10 minutes in a couple of teaspoons of olive oil and a dash of salt in a large soup pot. If you wanted, the leeks could be skipped and start with the spices and garlic. Put 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons of curry powder, 1 teaspoon of ground cumin, and 1/2 to 1 teaspoon of cayenne pepper. Stir until you can smell the cumin and curry. Add a clove or two of chopped garlic and saute for 1 minute and then scrape all roasted veggies into the pot and stir.
Led Zeppelin The Immigrant Song
Asparagus- It will be productive for 15 or more years if given proper care.
For my former shape (since reduced) I added 1 inch at the neckline and center front hemline for this no-dart technique.
Charlotte Rogan’s writing is exquisite and full to bursting with suspense and tension. She manages to create the same sense of suspense as the traditional thrillers of old where nobody can be trusted and everyone is out to get you. The paranoia running through the lifeboat is contagious as the reader never knows what will be revealed next. Rogan also challenges the audience to questions themselves as they read Grace’s story.
Gosh, I miss my hairdresser.
Accessories – Large Circle Nestabilities, Blossom Nestabilities, Martha Stewart Arch Lattice Punch, Ivory Satin Ribbon, Bow Easy, Moroccan Screen EF, Kaisercraft Rose Pearls, Foam Tape.
The site is already being used by Travellers who have been there for well over a year but the site could now become a permanent and official fixture.
I had the feeling Ivona was giving herself to me, and I had absolute power over her, and could do whatever I liked with her. I felt utterly indifferent to her. I had nothing to lose and nothing to be afraid of.
You won't necessarily be able to legalise hunting darkies, or repatriating foxes. But you will have to get on with fixing the economy, which was your party's main, core, central promise.
Having allowed for times for the longest three challenges to be set any day, and having had my test time of 2:09 for the “medium long” (Challenge 4) made to look fairly tardy, by Martin H’s blistering 1:19 I decided I had to go out and have a proper go at setting a time. So, on a cold, dull and windy Good Friday, I set off to see what I could do. I had some split times from the test run and I was obviously going to need to outstrip them by some margin if I was to significantly reduce the test time and get under 2hrs by a respectable amount. My target was to get close to 1:45 but, let’s see…
Time passed. Now the Valley Ho has been made over top to bottom respecting its midcentury roots, and a new Trader Vic’s opened adjacent to the hotel a year ago. I was in Arizona last week, and made a detour to check it out, spending a night at the hotel and being drawn by a curious gravitational pull to Trader Vic’s.
It not only helps build strong bones, but it slows down bone loss. Strength-training exercises that work your upper body, such as your arms and upper spine, are great—especially when combined with weight-bearing activities such as walking, jogging, and stair-climbing.
Superior Cowl
"I don't understand." She could feel herself frowning. Well, that was probably the appropriate response. Everyone knew about her? Everyone who?
Me: Like my manuscripts! The ones I have to revise!
Plain flour- 1/2 cup
Tommy nodded. "I always knew my writings were straw. I poured my heart and mind and strength into my work, and as it turns out, I didn't need to do that. I could have been a good Catholic by attending Mass once every three weeks. I could have prayed half as much, and still ended up here."
Not least of the sums is the $28.222 billion for so-called fast-start finance, but, says Booker, we cannot recall often enough that our Climate Change Act commits us to spending more than £700 billion between now and 2050 – far more than any other country in the world.
$0.99 Lindsay Olives 5-6 oz. – with in-ad coupon – limit 3
So when I saw the photoshopped Paddick poster circulated on Facebook earlier in struck me as particularly unfair. I’ve been critical of Paddick and his campaign before, so these are not the musings of a hopelessly-biased party apparatchik. Some might write the doctored poster off as a bit of fun; I admit to enjoying some of the altered David Cameron posters at the last general election. But I sense an air of political dirty tricks about this one. A deliberate distortion of the truth by a political opponent with an axe to grind against Paddick.
Meanwhile at the green house, things are coming along well. There are still a few things that need to get done, like backsplash in the kitchen and master bath, the final bottom trim for the wainscotting, and then some outside work that will have to wait til spring ( which apparently is right around the corner - yeah!!). I have not really decorated yet, I'm learning that I don't personalize my houses anymore, I just think of how they would look to a potential seller. Pretty sad I guess. Maybe this one I'll add some personal touches?!?! Pictures and art should be going up tonight, which should be fun. I actually bought one of those Hang & Level, cuz that is always a fight with Dan and I to hang the pics at the right height and what not. So, I'm quite excited to try it out!!!
The challenge will be moderated by Elizabeth Hartman of ohfransson.com. After August 15, Elizabeth will select 20 or more of her favorite blocks and will use them to make a quilt that will be displayed at QuiltCon and awarded, by raffle, to a lucky winner. Raffle tickets will only be sold at QuiltCon, and ticket sales will benefit The Modern Quilt Guild.
The whole history of feminist struggle was all about challenging prohibitions imposed on women that were once viewed as normal, harmless, or even good for women. Education was once thought of as unladylike because women were expected to stay at home and take care of the kids. Women in combat was once unacceptable because being a soldier was manly not womanly.
Deer Mr., Mrs., Ms., or Whatever M. Smoot:
Although there are many more things I wish to accomplish in my life, I am so grateful to be home with my children and enjoying my time with them for now. There are days that I want to pull my hair out because I feel like I need a break from it...but those are the days that I find a friend or family member to go somewhere with me and leave the kids with Dan. Dan and I have had times when we can get away too if we find a babysitter. All in all I would not trade these years for anything. When I look back someday I have a feeling that I will not remember the things that bother me now with not having two incomes (such as not being able to give the gifts I'd like to give to friends and family...or not being able to get new clothes on a whim) - but I will remember all the times and moments with my kids. If only I was good at recording those moments! I think for now I'm just going to enjoy the ride I'm on...as opportunities arise I can embrace those, but certainly my mind and heart are fixed on the moment.
It’s all about the baby steps!
I always dreamed of living on a big lake, or a river big enough to canoe. Apparently my dream has come true and I never realized it until now. That kayak is calling my name sometime this weekend.
What is something your readers would be surprised to learn about you?
As obstacles come in any shape or form
I admit, my prediction that they would get savvy was more of a hope than an actual feeling. But these last eight months haven't shown publishers improving their game. In fact, they seem to be making more mistakes than before. The agency model was an epic fail. High prices are an epic fail. Trying to grab ebook rights not specified in contracts is a big box of fail.
to find something here to fit any scrapbook page or hybrid project.
As I sat swathed in a thick towel, she knelt and bathed my feet in such a rapt honouring that it almost brought tears to my eyes. It put me in mind of Mary washing the feet of Christ. Her attention was totally there – I felt noticed and blessed – elevated yet humbled. Then I lied me down on the couch, naked under the softest, warmest fluffy towels (honestly, you don’t feel exposed or weird, trust me on this) and she started the ‘kundalini’ massage.
As for you children, nobody is ever too young to surrender to Jesus, you can surrender your life to him today and he will turn you into a star. So those of you who want to give your life to Jesus whether parent or their children, you can come now
We’re famous, we’re known, but yet you don’t know who we are. We become your friends. You follow us around, you keep track of what we’re working on, yet we’ve probably never met. You read my thoughts, you’re in my head, you know my feelings, yet you’re not my friend.
gulls overhead
So, we gradually get closer to Johnny whose the closest to us but other people keep talking to him and whatever. Finally, we’re like okay we’re next and he takes off to go talk to other people. So, we’re just back to standing around waiting for them to be done talking to other people cause we don’t want to interrupt or anything. While Da Kurlzz is just sitting in front of the bus talking to people I like didn’t even realize he was there for awhile. Finally, we get Johnnys attention and all four of us get pictures with him. He also complained about having to be at the venue all day when there was like this crazy water park at the hotel next door and he couldn’t go.
Lunch: 1/2 cup low fat cottage cheese, 1/4 cup cantaloupe
“It is apparent that we are the descendants of a father and a mother who, in turn, were descendants of parents … who were willing to make the greatest of individual effort for the great cause in which they believed,” George wrote.
It is worth saying that, until relatively recently, this question would simply not have been asked, or at any rate not framed in such terms. Indeed, the very use of the words ‘Catholic in name only’ (or CINO in shorthand) is itself provocative for those who have not and do not necessarily see the role of Catholic schools as being ‘Catholic’ at all, at least not with a capital ‘C’. That the Church should compromise its generous access and influence within mainstream schools sector, and the (imagined?) political leverage that comes with it, was simply off the radar – better by far to bury the question with platitudes about Gospel values and the vital role Catholic schools play in some of the toughest communities (as they absolutely do, by the way). Questions of authenticity and mission, indeed of practice, were irrelevant; presence was the key.
I learn to identify life coming and going.
I've gotten a few cards from BLM's too and am starting to get a few letters to fill Mikayla's Stocking. When I receive one it just fills me with so much joy....someone remembers, someone cares. For me, that's all I really want for Christmas this year.
The Appalachian Trail – beautiful picture book for a member of the family who hikes
Less than a year later, I’d had enough – fiddling genius he certainly is but… everyone has their limits and mine were reached not long after he demanded that a grand piano be put into his suite in his Malvern Hotel. Normally not a problem – it was always part of his ‘rider’ when travelling. This time, it was a bit of an issue since he and Eve (who’s standing beside me) are in the midst of parting; equals he’s moved into the best hotel in the neighbourhood and the manager of said hotel is doing his utmost to be as accommodating to his new resident as best he can…
Just can't trust that day. In which we all stop by to see what happened this week.
(WARNING: Neckties are not given away to new members of the Church. It was merely a joke. We give you an assignment in the nursery instead.)
Modern atheists are more than people that do not believe in God, or that in fact there is no god. Becky Garrison, in her book The New Atheist Crusaders, described an almost ironic religious fervor of atheists to spread their “faith.” Thursday, May 3, is either the National Day of Prayer or the National Day of Reason, depending on how you look at it. (click image to link to Christian Post)
(Please be kind when judging me for these saccharine sentiments)
THANK YOU SO MUCH NAYNA FOR THIS WONDERFUL EVENT & LOGO !
For the 17th in this regular series of quickfire author interviews, I fired the 9mm questions at LA-based thriller writer, screenwriter, graphic novelist (Wolverine, Punisher, and other Marvel titles) and Shakespearean scholar Gregg Hurwitz (after being a student-athlete at Harvard, he went to Oxford to do a Masters in Shakespearean tragedy). Still only in his mid 30s, yes, he's one of those people who's managed to fit so much in already, they make you wonder what the bloody hell you've been doing with your life, haha.
As you can see, these companies aggregately support factory farmed animal meat production, dishonest and deceptive food labeling, “terminator” seed technology that destroys seeds and is contributing to the global spread of suicides by farmers, the promotion of obesity and diabetes through the use of high-fructose corn syrup, the neurotoxic poisoning of consumers through aspartame-sweetened beverages, monopolistic trade practices, abuses of the court system and much more.
No Daily Mail article would be complete without a wild flail at The Left, and sure enough Wolf gets a picture of Bianca Jagger up on his dartboard and takes aim;But I don't see any enlightenment --or indeed consistency-- on the left. The only consistency is the fact that the liberal intellectual elite is secularist, and puts no stock or sacredness in the value of life.
Thin Spaghetti- 1/2 pack (1lbs pack)
And when it’s cold out, I’d call it Climate Change instead.
trousers and *one of his fiancé's blouses*.
Through you runs something similar to an electrical current running through a toaster or television, let’s call this your ‘bio-energy’.
And I will die a hundred thousand deaths
Without committing to the whole Bloodmere Manor storyline, Mike thinks this basic concept was kept. Come to think of it, it is always night inside the house, isn't it?
Ferraris ARB
I am at a loss of words of wisdom or comfort. I am hoping that by reminding those of us who work and play with children to remain caring and compassionate, that a little bit of the culture that supports harassment, bullying and violence will be weakened.
Jasmine age 2
“Also the matter at hand when J was talking was whether things in the bible should be taken literal or as a metaphor.” Can you please reword this sentence. Please, for the love of whatever deity you claim to believe in or not, clarify the meaning of this sentence. This is the SECOND time you have made a sentence that doesn’t make any sense whatsoever.
I've spent more time simply dropping cards than actual blogging here myself. Being short-handed at work along with crazy holiday hours haven't helped either. But I always found time to drop cards rather than blogging or visiting the blogs in my blog roll or follower list. I've come to the realization that my blogging priorities are not what I want or desire by being a member of Entrecard.
Well, I found this little gem sometime late last year at the little resale shop down the street. Anytime I see a cover that says "Hawaii", I have to buy the record. I don't care if it's someone I never heard of, or if it's the same songs over and over again. I just have to have it! So, this cover definitely called to me, especially the cut-out and the pages inside. Unfortunately, the inside pages had some water damage and were stuck together, and when I went to pull them apart, they tore, even though I was doing it ever so slowly and carefully. :-( But, the record itself was in excellent condition and thoroughly enjoyable! Oh, and it was recorded in Hawaii!
We discussed that challenges of our schools in terms of language issues. and so, why bother leaving to understand a new language whenever you can work from home and learn? the certainty is you dont have time to attend classes after a good day at perform. Divergent objectives to master English in UNITED STATES hamper the learning technique of both the associates. You should furthermore test your perception of English language considering the many free fun grammar and language exercises platform available online too. Listen to your current English mini story several times a day. present online interactive lessons offer flexible learning including conversational communicating, grammar, reading and comprehension. teachers pay teachers Adjectives, adverbs, verbs and also grammar functional terms are great words to study through listening. By using software package to convert almost any text to AUDIO, learning is not limited to prospects with immediate use of a book or computer screen. teacherspayteachers For that English grammar scholars should know the particular difference between girl or boy, singular or plural, verb and posting. One might join English terminology schools, buy uk language books, language language learning cd albums, or install british language software into their personal computer to understand written and conversing English.
Eish… That’s my worst story.
So there I was with a crop-sensor dslr and a 50mm prime lens. No tripod. He suggested we shoot the moon–but the moon remained behind the clouds. And as someone who shoots in and with natural light–I was really at a loss. It’s pretty much impossible to get a photo in that level of darkness that’s worth keeping…everything hand-held appears blurred and grainy. I’ve pretty much made the transition to shooting in full manual all the time, but I was really at a loss here as to how to make it work.
Olivia ended up getting released after serving half her time. She did the remaining time on probation.
Two of my Sunday posts had to do with church and the Sabbath
Country: Bhutan
"A full quarter of a century after Chernobyl, the world is faced with a new nuclear catastrophe, this time in Japan.
Brigitte
When I got back to the bottom, the other climbers were very vocal in congratulating me. “No big deal,” I shrugged. “Like you said, I got the easy path.”
The pluses of streaming include the huge range of music, and I do mean huge. They had an estimated 15.5 million tracks July 2011, and they add more than 10,000 tracks every day so we can safely say they’re closer to 20 million. They also do a fairly good job with new releases with most major labels and bands on there although sometimes it will be a few weeks before a band puts a new album up, as they have to try to sell as many CDs/MP3s as they can first. Another important factor (for me at any rate) is that the artists get paid through Spotify! not a great deal (hard figures are hard to come by but estimates seem to be in the $0.00003 per play region) but if you get enough plays they all add up – and let’s face it, a fraction of a cent beats an illegal download!
We hit up Mickey’s Deli back in Hermosa Beach once we escaped the impending traffic. I had half of a Pastrami Deluxe and half of an Italian combo. Both were awesome. Both were inhaled. If I had to pick, I’d choose the pastrami again. Sitting inside a convenience store and watching soccer while eating made it even better.
puddin
The costs of travel to meet and hang out now and then are tiny compared to what is spent on a conventional organization.
You’ll also note that I’ve posted a dozen or more new photos in the Beer Rant’s Beer Photos section (at left). I’ve gotten behind on my housekeeping here lately and didn’t realize there were a number of nice (I think) beer photos stacked up on the hard drive.
I hope you'll have a go at this technique - it's great fun! Do let me know how you get on won't you.
I headed off down to the workroom later on in the day & made some felted egg cosies.
That short trailer shows that this film has all of the elements required to make it a smash. The only problem for me is that I can't help but feel that I don't need to see it now. The whole damn plot has been revealed to me in that one trailer. Why would I want to spend money on watching it all play out in slow time, whilst there are videos of Clara Morgane on the Internet that I can watch for free?
For three weeks after the failure of that date, nothing seemed to have changed. Camping’s 90-minute Open Forum program was still broadcast every weeknight, and he seemed to be as much in charge as ever.
2. Brinda gave me this very nice little award and I'm likely supposed to pass it on and tell you stuff about myself. But you know almost everything about me AND I can't pick blogs to pass it on to because I have TOO many favorites. So the award goes to all my bloggy friends. And a big THANK YOU to Brinda for recognizing me.
Why would it? Do we expect someone to read a few Berlitz books and then blend in like a native? Order from a menu in a French restaurant and now be able to conjugate their way through conversations? Do we expect a public bystander to lead a murder investigation because they have seen a few episodes of CSI? Do we expect someone previously unfamiliar with opera to see and appreciate all the sophistication and nuance of a performance? Do we really expect beginners to have killer taste?…. How can we ask folks to love something with any depth and commitment if they are only kind of vague on what its all about?
After the Image is drawn on Freezer/Waxpaper (shiny side down)
How does that make you feel?
Anyhow, when choosing a math curriculum I wanted something that would challenge my kiddos and provide them with all of the skills they needed to be math geniuses. I had heard great things about Math-U-See but felt that the boys had such a different foundation that I would not see the success I wanted to . So I chose this.
The main mineral in the Dead Sea is salt, and if you've ever spend some time in salt water, then you'll know it turns you into a prune.
Jesus goes on to attack the larger problem.
BTW, if you haven't checked out Charlene's tutorial in PDF format on working with images, please take a minute to do it. Just click here: http://www.squigglefly.com/tutorials You can actually print out the pages so you can follow more slowly, but I found it very easy to work from my screen.
....The alien that covered each sweet spot,,,,, won.....BREAD, and a date with me to utilize it..
So once I got my prescription back I did what any normal american would do, I went downstairs bought some juice and and took said juice and prescription to the second floor of an Urban Outfitters across the street and sat on a bench next to the book section that overlooked the street to take my pills and drink my juice...
I think the appeal was Frank Sinatra.
She survived, crack , coke and Bobbie Brown, only to be done in by some meds she took because she couldn't face going to Clive Davis' party and singing without help. Clive Davis' party for his Grammy people was going on 4 floors beneath the body of Whitney Houston, zipped up and on a gurney until 9:30 pm about the time she would have taken the stage. All the pressure she put on herself to be "good" for the music people and they didn't even stop the party in the same hotel she died in.
You are an extremely attractive female (at least a 9) who is shorter than me but has a smoking bod. You are not a smoker. You are beautiful on the inside, but more beautiful on the outside. You are from Spain or Italy or Sweden (well spoken English preferred) with a hint of asian that makes you totally hot. You’re like a cross between Virginie Ledoyen when she was in The Beach and Penelope Cruz (in Vanilla Sky) and an asian chick if they merged their genes in a three-way and had a baby and then the baby grew up to be 24 years old. You can be French, but without the attitude, if you are the Nicole type from the Renault ads (come to papa). Also contact me if you are that girl from the Zovirax cold sore cream ad who does aerobics and swimming in her motorcycle helmet, although only if you have never had herpes and you don’t wear a helmet apart from when you are on the back of my motorcycle (I have a motorcycle). But I only have one helmet and I need that one so ironically you probably won’t even wear one then. You keep yourself super tight you do yoga and kickboxing but you are no threat to me at all. Your personal hygiene is second to none. You don’t have any body hair and you love to wear my underwear and also your underwear which is pants with little hearts and bears on and stuff because that is cute and there is no issues there at all. I do not wear yours except on your birthday. You love cooking and also cleaning but you are not obsessive about it. God you dig me so much and you are a good communicator and you never play stupid games or say “do I look fat in this?” or ask me which jeans to wear and then when I pick one pair accuse me of saying you look fat in the other one, and when you’re upset and I ask you what the problem is you never, EVER say “nothing”, you just tell me straight up what the fucking deal is. Above all you understand the difference between me being perfectly fine not spending every waking fucking second with you, and me “not being bothered about seeing you”. You don’t know what PMT is, why would you? You like to call me “daddy” in bed. For a virgin actually you are incredible in bed. You are 24.
Written in Swedish in 1993, but not translated until 2002, My Brother and His Brother, tells the intriguing story of Paul Lundberg, deceased older brother of Jonas Lundberg, who undertakes to piece it together from clues hidden away in his parent’s attic, newspaper archives, and the mind of a family friend.
REYES, J., concurring and dissenting:
throw snowballs as they bellow,
Solar panels
LOVE FINDS YOU ON CHRISTMAS DAY is a charming addition to the Love Finds You line – I’ve read all the books I could get my hands on so far in this collection and am keeping tabs on what is coming out so I don’t miss a story (I hope). I love Christmas stories and Trish Perry’s books so I was especially looking forward to this novella collection.
In a frying pan, saute sofrito (green pepper, onion, and garlic) in olive oil until onion is translucent.
The menu offered an excellent selection of Cuban cuisine including; peppers with cheese, crab, seafood, swordfish, steaks, lamb and young cockerel.
To My Beloved,
At the end of the movie, in cinemas in the affluent nations of the world, people who would have been quick to condemn Dora if she had not rescued the boy go home to places far more comfortable than her apartment. In fact, the average family in the United States spends almost one-third of its income on things that are no more necessary to them than Dora’s new TV was to her. Going out to nice restaurants, buying new clothes because the old ones are no longer stylish, vacationing at beach resorts —so much of our income is spent on things not essential to the preservation of our lives and health. Donated to one of a number of charitable agencies, that money could mean the difference between life and death for children in need.
I fidgeted in my best and only black suit, hot under the collar. The wind frisked the ladies' wide black skirts, dirty mother that he was. Auntie was nodding, murmuring amens as the preacher went on about sinners and salvation, Heaven and Hell. Mother just stood there, her eyes fixed on the coffin. I wondered if she saw through the rough planks to my father's body, to the cancer that killed him. I wondered if she was thanking God. I was only ten, but I knew even then that a turnout of six (not counting the preacher and the mortician) said something about the man whose funeral it was.
Basically, if you don't count the pounds that I lost in the first 7-8 weeks or so, I am only 12 pounds higher than my normal weight. If you count the weight that I lost, then I have gained closer to 20 pounds. But, overall, I think my body is handling pregnancy well. Which is great!
There are horses all around us here. This group we met in the field beyond the river, and friendlier horses I've not met. One black fellow with the softest of wrinkly noses became my friend for an hour, and the horses all stood in a kind of horse-trance, gazing into the mid-distance, one hind leg cocked slightly, thinking maybe thoughts of hay and who-knows-what.
The cupcakes in this recipe are made with Hershey's chocolate syrup so it tastes of chocolate but it's not overwhelming. And since they're made with syrup and not cocoa the cupcakes are somewhat like a cake brownie in texture but a little sticky. In my opinion it's the perfect texture and taste to the chocolatey hazelnuts of the Nutella and Ferrero Rocher. The cupcakes were very simple to make and were a hit! My brother loved them.
If you are interested in being interviewed for LIFE WORK BALANCES, or if you have any feedback please feel free to email lifeworkbalances@gmail.com
1 inconvenienced
"Have a Piece!
The highlight if my night is when Styles P saw me shooting him and jumped of stage to rhyme and pose right in front of me. You guys have NO IDEA how awesome that feeling was for me! He made my 2012… and WE ARE JUST IN APRIL. I CANNOT wait to see how the rest of this year unfolds.
The scene opens with me in the bathroom, door closed.
I reckon you can get in trouble anywhere if you try hard enough! This is definitely the first time I've even heard of this type of crime, and I hope it's the last!
By Saturday 11th June, however, it was time to get back on the tourist trail so we got ourselves into downtown Vancouver (via the magnificent Seabus that crosses the water between North Vancouver and its southern cousin). There we saw for ourselves the (ice) hockey fever that had a hold of the city thanks to the Stanley Cup. Ice-hockey is Canada’s national sport pretty much and Vancouver’s team, the Canucks, was several matches into a play-off set of finals against the Boston Bruins. We also saw an electric car fair down near the Science Centre, a lot of people on bikes and skates as well as the annual Dragonboats races out on False Creek (take a look at the map – Vancouver is surrounded by many different bodies of water). Mark saw straightaway that the city he remembered had grown somewhat (condos, condos, convention centres, giant hotels… a lot of work done for the Winter Olympics in 2010). And it looks like it’s still growing… plenty of cranes on the skyline.
But I digress. Where was I? Oh, yes - ‘Crime Fiction and Contemporary Ireland’, Maynooth University, March 6th, 5pm. If you’re in the vicinity, we’d love to see you there …
Aaj TV
The IFP said today that it was shocked to learn the real reasons behind government's push to ensure the controversial Gauteng e-tolling project succeeds
Sal’s grubby hands reached for the gun.
But yes, the grand finale! The big, jackpot surprise of pre- St. Patty’s day week! (sidenote: what does St. Patrick’s Day celebrate? The birth of leprechauns? When is it national unicorn day?)
"So TEAM." Ted continues, "Are we ready to be the best we can be this week?"
That is because Allah, He is the Truth (al-haqqu), and it is He Who gives life to the dead, and it is He Who is Able to do all things. And surely, the Hour is coming, there is no doubt about it, and certainly, Allah will resurrect those who are in the graves. S. 22:6-7 Hilali-Khan
DETAIL
Here’s the point. Everyone has a story, and every story is worth telling. Every person alive on the planet today has a unique set of circumstances and life experiences that sets them apart from all others; each one an original, like a strand of DNA encoded in a one of a kind, God-created, ultra-unique fashion. With the world’s population at somewhere around seven billion, it’s easy to simply take people for granted and watch them flow by us in an endless river of humanity and pay no attention to the thoughts in their minds, the feelings of their hearts or the condition of their souls. Doing so doesn’t make us wrong or insensitive, but I believe we need to stop every once in a while and consider a couple of things. First, no two of us are the same. The Bible tells us that God has created each of us in His own image, and yet we’re completely different from each other, with differing personalities and spirits. (That to me is mind-blowing in itself.) Every person alive has a God-ordained purpose to discover, develop and deliver to humanity. Second, we’d do ourselves and each other a great service to consider where people are coming from and where they are going. What do I mean by this? Consider the person you encounter in the checkout line at the grocery store during your daily routine: Are they happy? Are they struggling with something? Do they know how special they truly are in the eyes of God or do they feel worthless and without hope? Does the police officer driving his patrol car secretly wish he could bring someone some ‘good’ news every once in a while? Does the over-zealous professional lie awake at night wishing he or she would actually spend the necessary time it takes to develop a healthy relationship with their spouse and children? What about the recently unemployed, middle-aged drive thru attendant at your local fast food joint; do they have a dream of accomplishing something amazing that has been squelched over time by eroding winds of life? How often do we cross paths with someone who has just experienced something wonderful in life and just wants to explode with joy, but has no immediate outlet to do so? How about the homeless man pushing his entire life around in a shopping cart? What brought him to this place in life? Was he always there? Does he have a family; and if so where are they now? If he doesn’t, what happened to them? Does he ever feel loved?
Today’s prayer: Lord, Your blessings enjoy quantifying the world around them, and they are learning to use numbers to determine how much, which is more, and which is less. The older one already know that You are One God in Three Persons, that You gave us ten rules, and that You had twelve best friends, one of whom turned out not to be such a good friend after all. Thank You for their intelligence and fascination with learning new things. Please help me teach them wisdom, and that the greatest wonders are innumerable and unquantifiable.
SH worried that getting our rings at Geoffrey’s might have bad karma, but we decided that we were going to create good karma by getting something completely different from his first ring. We also decided we would have the diamonds from his first ring reset into earrings for me. When life gives you diamonds, make earrings is what I always say.
It probably would not have stopped Dhuuragan, she says.
OK now it’s your turn. What new experience have you been on lately? Or new places you’ve visited. Please tell me in the comment box below. I love to hear about everyone’s thrilling experiences and would love to get ideas on where to visit next.
* "Nobody in the world can defeat us!"
My sister strongly disapproves of many of these names... She seems to be a bit more traditional in terms of names she likes than I am. *Grins* But doesn't a name like Adrian Byrd or Autumn Brook sound just marvelous? I really hope my kids don't hate me for whatever names they end up with!
Take a moment to evaluate your own novel. How many times do you have characters sitting down and having a conversation? If it's a lot, you might want to start rethinking your "plot"!
Let's do this meditation-style: picture yourself in a dense forest, deep in the heart of Vermont, where maple syrup is like liquid gold. Got it? Alright. Now teleport yourself to the South, surrounded by mounds of pecan. Tasty, right? Now try to be in both places at once, covered in a flaky pie crust and topped with dark chocolate chunks (this is you we're talking about).
Any 2nd/3rd/etc cuts to speak of? I've been tipped that additional cuts may be coming later this week...we shall see. A huge and heartfelt thanks to all of my tipsters and to every community member that provided store reports!! And of course to you for playing along in the Sale Guessing Game yesterday. As always, Happy Hunting!!! Accept no imitations.
Operations Department:
Jesus and his disciples are another story. He was from another town. Remember Nathanael’s comment earlier. “Can anything good come from Nazareth?” No one invited guests from Nazareth unless you wanted your party in shambles by the end of the night. Yet Jesus and his disciples were invited.
Comedian Stevie Mack is the Writer/Host of the number one online comedy talk show!
Carly: Mom, how many kids am I going to have?
In Wellington earlier this month he launched the spring seasonals with a tasting. My pick of the bunch was Miere. Described as a Golden Honey Dubbel Miere is a strong golden ale that has had an addition of Lake Hawea manuka and clover honey added. The result is a full bodied golden ale with a hint of spicy honey on the nose , a hint of fruity hop and floral honey in the mouth and a crisp refreshing finish. Kauri is described as an Old Flemish Dark with an infusion of kauri wood flavour. The result is a steely dry dark ale with a hint of tannic woodiness and a long roasty finish. Finally Miner Galore is described as being a Swiss style Doppel Bock with Rosehip. The resulting beer was fruity and mellow with some lovely rich malt, bright hops and a hint floral rosebud. All three beers are interesting and although a little surprising for those of us who expected the Belgian brewer to produce some big Belgian style beers. The next three seasonals are due soon and will revolve around the wheat beer theme with spices and fruit coming into the equation! Cheers
This is an excellent time of the year to encourage fertility of your mind as well as your body. It is the time to cultivate new ideas, plant seeds for your personal, spiritual, family and business success this coming year!
biggest disappointment of the day as we’d both been looking forward to sampling it again. It wasn’t that it didn’t taste nice, ‘cos it was fine, but it was a bit like a cross between ginger ale and cream soda with a bit of creamy stuff on top and didn’t make me feel like I was drinking Butterbeer, whereas in Florida it did. Thinking about it his might actually be a good thing as it saved us a lot of money by only having the one drink. I was also personally disappointed that the Pumpkin Juice hadn’t also been brought over, although several of the bottles
“The lovely girl who is soon to be your daughter-in-law is pregnant, Pricklewood. Her unborn child is a boy. This boy will be forced to live with his maternal grandparents because his parents can’t afford their own home. He will attend the local school and grow up talking with a cockney accent.”
The same applies to incoming cultures, they do not undergo colonic irrigation at Heathrow, they arrive as they left Karachi, and they stay that way. The Guardianistas acknowledge that when they claim that new and different cultures enrich ours and that we should embrace them. However, immigrant culture is not just beads and Bollywood, it has an underbelly, and it is naive to express surprise when the culture of Kingston, Johannesburg or Mogadishu appears on our streets.
When this was pointed out to Datuk Ambiga Sreenavasan. the Bersih co-chair agreed that the police may have violated the law when it rejected the entire event outright on Monday, the day the Act had come into force.
Lot's of inquiring minds were curious today as to why, even though my son dropped into my pelvis 4 weeks ago, I haven't shown any improvement on the dilation/effacement front.
In that context, the Court states that if a third party were to procure the part of the source code or object code relating to the programming language or to the format of data files used in a computer program, and if that party were to create, with the aid of that code, similar elements in its own computer program, that conduct would be liable to be prohibited by the author of the program. In the present case, it is apparent from the explanations of the national court that WPL did not have access to the source code of SAS Institute’s program and did not carry out any decompilation of the object code of that program. It was only by means of observing, studying and testing the behaviour of SAS Institute’s program that WPL reproduced the functionality of that program by using the same programming language and the same format of data files.
9)Finally we make an exit from the temple gates, relieved.
“What has become of science?” wrote the science blog buythetruth.com when the lid exploded off the Climategate pot. “We thought that science was about the pursuit of truth. Then we became perplexed at how quickly scientists have prostituted themselves in the service of political agendas. We have seen the unedifying spectacle of scientists refusing to share their data, fiddling their results, and resorting to ad hominem attacks on those who have exposed their work to be fraudulent. We have seen the Royal Society becoming a shamelessly crude advocacy society… President Obama choosing notorious climate alarmists and liars to be his personal advisors… the peer review process and journal editors colluding to prevent publication of results that do not serve the politically-correct agenda … scientists refusing to consider results that demolish their pet theories. What is going on here? What is going on is that science is no longer what we thought it was. It is now a tool in the hands of socialists.”
Now that Gaddafi’s little empire has crashed, the question on my mind right now, is who is going to be the International Judaic’s new puppet and bonding-agent for unity in Africa? Will it perhaps be President Zuma? Read the news - Zuma to visit Libya for Gaddafi exit.
Perseverance of the Saints (also known as Once Saved Always Saved)
Warning for very slight sexual content in this part. (As in, like, very very slight.)
The best thing about this cuddle is that you never have to take your eyes off the telly. Couples need to develop that own version of the couch potato cuddle which is a find-me-tune synchonization of bodies and cushions to minimize tension points and muscle fatique. Top tip: Before you assume this position have a good assortment of snacks and drinks very close at hand perhaps with some inventive delivery system so you can make the cuddle last all evening.
“The Jet Pack” – Perhaps the most practical space aside from my “Roving Apps”. This day is designed to address what to keep, what to throw out, what is working in the classroom, what is troublesome or not worth the time, effort, or logistics. It will also the place where I might pose questions, problems, or puzzles encountered with the hope that readers out there might chime in with comments, ideas, or solutions.
Pet Resort
Students who finished early wrote artist statements about their work before moving on to free draw. One of the 2nd graders told her teacher this was "The BEST Art project ever!" Kids are so easy to please. :)
Yes, Sunday is the closing day for CSI case files. I worked on this L.O.this morning and it is almost 3.30pm and I have not posted yet!!!
3. fix koi pond
Princess – Jean P. Sasson
I whine a little more, then give up for awhile. Then I hear the door opening.
"If there is light in the soul, There will be beauty in the person. If there is beauty in the person, There will be harmony in the house. If there is harmony in the house, There will be order in the nation. If there is order in the nation, There will be peace in the world."
Barley Island Dirty Helen (Brown)
Who ‘owns’ The Birth of a Nation?
Publisher: Knopf
8) From 1955 to 1965, he lent the basement apartment to his friend Truman Capote. The blond Southern writer was simply wild about Brooklyn Heights and basically charmed himself into a permanent room on Willow Street. From his essay 'A House on the Heights,' Capote describes, "We [Smith and Capote] sat on the porch consulting Martinis -- I urged him to have one more, another. It got to be quite late, he began to see my point; yes, twenty-eight rooms were rather a lot; and yes it seemed only fair that I should have some of them."
After 5 days of hard work doing ministry, Thursday was our 'vacation in Jamaica' day. We left for Ocho Rios in the morning to shop and have fun! On our way, we stopped at Discovery Bay where Christopher Colombus first landing on the island. We didn't stay long because we were heading to the straw market to do some bartering. Man, they are aggressive! Every time you walk past a vendor, they are coming up to you and saying stuff like 'No charge for looking". Our students did pretty good and got some really neat stuff for some good prices. It's funny though, they will do anything to sell stuff to you. I was walking down this one aisle and had a guy ask if I want a pipe (weed). Obviously, I said no and also threw in that I'm a Christian. He turned and walk away but there was a guy sitting next to him carving something out of wood. He noticed I said I was a Christian and said, 'Hey Christian, come look in my store. I got crosses in there just for you. I will give you good Christian deal!". I laughed, said 'no', and kept moving. You will have to ask your student about their straw market experience too. Never a dull moment!
Sparkin’ up a rhythm
Lora Marie Tabitha Hebert d/o Ameday & Edith Ledoux
-Beat the special crown level
12. Birth Of Earth (LP Ver.) (3:04)
I nodded and smiled and gave him a soft squishy hug and told him that he always has a home here with us blah, blah, blah and that we would support him whatever decision he comes to re this. Brenton then left to meet his gf for lunch. As the front door closed behind Brenton Heartpoet's eyes met mine and my eyes started to leak like a garden sprinkler set on high. I have been a bucket of misery since. Don't get me wrong I am very content that Brenton is so well adjusted. Considering he is the product of a messy divorce I am ever so proud of him. I am not a pat myself on the back kind of gal but I must have done something right as he has grown into a fine young man that Heartpoet and I are so very proud of. If he was 29 (He will be 19 in August) and still at home I know I would have done something wrong lol. I get that this is healthy and a natural progression, I really do! For me it's more about empty nest syndrome. Brenton is my one and only. There are no baby birds left in my nest for me to mother to somewhat lessen the blow. A bittersweet time really if that makes sense. He will never know but today there has been lots of tears. Time will help lessen the sadness with this kind of thing. Just ironic that my being a good mum helped move the process along a tad sigh. Pondering whether hitting the pokies and taking up drinking would slow the process down?! ha! (just kidding).
Forget about the New Age..Old age is the way to go.
See, now I love my home. I love coming home from work to Woody. I love spending time with him. This week we've been having a Harry Potter revisit, going through all the movies from the very first one. God, I'd forgotten how long those first few movies were!! And it's been fun. It's something Sidekick never would have done ... "What's the point?" he would have said, "You've already seen them all." Now I'm not bagging Sidekick - it's just his way. His way and my way are very, very different and that makes it hard to live under the same roof when you have so little in common to begin with and as you grow older, you find your paths getting further and further away from each other.
In three days I learnt so many things it will take me some time to wrap my head around it, but the most important advice I came home with was to always ask yourself WHY. You should write as if you had a nagging little four year old sitting on your shoulder and asking Why about every single word in your manuscript. This will give depth and credibility to your plot and characters.
Another frequent trade partner is Scott from Smed's Baseball Card Blog. Scott also hit up some want lists for me. When I think of Jose Oquendo (which doesn't happen often), I think of him with the Cardinals. I always forget he started with the Mets. I maintain that the baseball glove Brewers logo is the best sports logo of all time. Any others come to mind? I also maintain that 1992 Score is a very underrated set. I know some people hated the gradient bar, but not me. I think the photography is fantastic as well.
If I become what I can't accept
Plus, in a recent blind taste test hosted by Chefs Collaborative in May 2000, at the French Culinary Institute in New York City, wild Alaskan Coho salmon, frozen at sea, ranked first in flavor, texture and aroma.. Wild Oregon Chinook (also called King) salmon, fresh, came in a close second.
Dennis Buckley, 38, Chatham, N.J.
the wood was previously stained a dark color almost black. so i stripped it down to where the black and the oak show through. beautiful. i love how simple it looks now. too busy before. the child size windsor chairs also got an update with white spray paint.
Deputy Joan Burton: ￼ ￼ He is an adult and chose to use that phraseology.
Gretchen Peters, whose book “Seeds of Terror: How Heroin Is Bankrolling the Taliban and Al Qaeda” was published in May, said her research showed a long history of Qaeda involvement in the drug trade.
Easter Jelly Beans
Remember, if you ever need a helping hand,
The PM has previously sworn on the Quran that he does not know Altantuya, despite the claimed existence of photographic evidence.
This hop is all about the Big Shot! I decided my theme would be Recycle on the Big Shot. I have three projects for this hop and the first project came about with the left overs from my upcoming Build a Blossom Scrapbook Pages. I had all of the lovely negatives left from using the Swirly Sizzlit Decorative Strip Die(which retires at the end of June). So here is the card that I designed for using that negative image:
Secondly, the Irish are most warm, kind, friendly people out there. They love to drink and socialize. I noticed they have strong social connections, seem to enjoy life more then us in the US. At times life seemed tough for the Irish – unemployment is at 14% here. But no one gets too caught up in there misery – people still show up, as always, for their pint of Guinness or Murphy’s and chat with their friends in a local pub.
To serve, place a portion of pasta in the center of 4 large plates. Arrange 2 thighs around each serving of pasta and drizzle lemon garlic cooking liquid over the pasta. Garnish with additional parsley and serve immediately.
Stress Engineer
1. Look at the people you graduated with, how many of them already have kids? I graduated almost 3 years ago, and off the top of my head, I can think of at least 6 people who already have kids. That's a lot considering our class only had 50 people in it.
The card I'm most happy about is the Aristotle MMF card. I really want to finish that set.
I was able to play with some "new to me" stamps that one of my generous benefactors gave me, the GinaK Designs set called "Nesting." (Thanks Michelle!) I really liked the owl image, and since I was doing Halloween cards this past week, I decided to go all fancy with it.
The Angel’s Share announces its presence with force, finding guitarist Levon Syers plucking out an opening riff that could trace its lineage to Angus Young; the rest of the band soon joins in to set the table for Dunphy’s soaring vocals, which are a treat in their own right. Dunphy and Syers are a formidable one-two punch throughout the record: Dunphy provides lyrical, imaginative storytelling while Syers lays down a skillful solo, as drummer Brian Sawyer and bassist Joe LaCarrubba round out the foursome’s heavy rhythms.
1 1/4 Cups Cocoa
Earlier this year I wrote about K&L's exclusive barrel series in which the spirit buying Davids of K&L went to Scotland to select their own barrels from both distilleries and independent bottlers. The Davids took up a fair amount of bandwidth talking about how great these barrels were, so expectations were pretty high. Now the bottles are in the store, and I've been able to taste a handful of them, I must say that I agree that, at least with regard to the ones I've tasted, they are some pretty special bottles. Here is a review of two of my favorite so far.
4. The QB depth chart is really good. Seriously.
All the parents and members of Nevus Australia are raising money in their own ways to make this next camp happen.
I think it’s safe to say that we’ll all be back at some point.
James, Sarah, this Marriage is the responsibility of both of you. It might seem strange to stress that when today you are gathered together, both looking radiant, happy and carrying the love and best wishes of all who are gathered here today with you; but there will come days when you don’t look your best, you don’t feel so loved, and don’t feel so loving. The Passion will not necessarily diminish over time, but it will change.
Now for the nitty-gritty:
(Not that I care what my minions think... mwhahahaha).
- Hello Thursday Cartridge announcements.
Now here's something of a mystery. In 1966, Dave Dee, Dozy, Beaky, Mick and Tich (hereafter known as DDDBMT) released the British number two hit "Bend It". Penned by Ken Howard and Alan Blaikley, it featured traditional Greek-influenced melodies, a strong bouzouki sound (apparently achieved via an electrified mandolin) and eventually became the audio backdrop for one of Gilbert and George's pieces of art. Never DDDBMT's strongest moment, it nonetheless captured the imagination of the British and European public and stormed the charts, even getting to Number One in Germany.
Franklin Avenue in the (say it with me) Crown Heights section of Brooklyn has had a lot of rough and occassionally violent goings on lately. To be fair, ten years, twenty years, even thirty years ago, this would not have been news. But the Ave has been getting noticeably better, garnering news coverage, blog posts, and a neat crop of new businesses especially eateries, so it can be shocking to hear about rooftop snipings (I'm sure they were targeted, but still) and brutal slashings (again targeted but still..) Anyway, we live in a big city, not everyone in this and often other city neighborhoods beamed down from college, loaded with dreams and a taste for IPAs. There's at least two worlds existing side by side, with some broad overlap but not alot.
Orders that need to be finished and shipped.
She’s my voice of reason when I get all worked up and pissy. She supports me through the crazy and laughs at my phobias (well, both my sisters in law do this. I detest lizards and geckos and they both think this is hilarious. Especially since Rachel lived in Hawaii and would try to remind me that geckos are good because they eat the cockroaches. Can we please discuss how freaking big these geckos must be to eat a cockroach? GROSS).
..... of course! But no worries..... I finished the book in time to make E happy.
Let him be rich and wearie, that at least,
Me: "You aren't going to get in trouble."
Until now. Maybe.
Title: "Cult of Purrsonality"
I am hoping...to get caught up on my R&R this weekend!
This kind of story is not uncommon, but it should be. When it comes to the issue of women in ministry and leadership, the question often revolves around teaching or preaching in the church. Should “they” be “allowed” to do “men’s work?”
Plot Hook: The Lady and the Maiden can serve as puzzles for future games. Are they ghosts of two of Aelfric's victims? What is their relationship to the two monsters? Were they his bastards, or the bodies of the women under terrible curses? Are they simply runecarving acolytes of the Princess in Gauntlets, or are they faeries she has called to her? Are they simply her in other guises?
P.S. I’m sexist, ablist, classist, and probably several other -ists as well. The same goes for each of these.
Ends Fisking:
The boardroom doors were thrown open by a man in a hurry.
comfortable way.” Dirty Linen Magazine
281 3. “Maurice F. X. Donohue, 1911-1995.” University of Chicago Record, May 29, 1997, p. 16. (Source: Item D-IV/2(A)/1996, above).
In apreciation to my customers I am having my own specials as well! With any on-line order of $150 I will send you a $20 Gift Certificate to use on your next order. Orders of $100 or more will receive a $10 Gift Certificate. I am also offering a $20 Gift Certificate when you purchase the Big Shot or Big Shot starter kit. These offers are good for the month of April only... Don't forget, if you order reaches $150 you begin qualifying for the exclusive hostess stamp sets plus an additional $15 to spend on whatever you want. You may want to host a catalog party and take a few outside orders from your friends so you can easily qualify for the hostess benifits... Please let me know if I can help... This offer is good on all orders placed on-line through my website... All Gift Coupons will expire the end of July 2009...
We snuck in a quick walk to the beach near our house Saturday morning before the rain. Nothing warms my heart more than seeing my two boys hanging out together.
19 another
On the one hand continued threats against Libya, and Syria, whilst simply asking, oh so nicely, if the regimes in Bahrain, Yemen and Israel would stop acting in exactly the same way. Obama's statements about a Palestinian State, within 1967 borders, were meaningless, because, despite the massive financing of Israel by the US, it is clear that he will not even threaten to withdraw that, let alone start bombing Tel Aviv, in order that the Israeli regime stops killing Palestinians, stops building illegal settlements on Palestinian land etc. If Obama's statements in that regard had any meaning, yesterday, it was to reflect a growing awareness that, if the Arab Spring does continue, and results in meaningful change, the US's relations in the region will have to change, and its reliance on Israel will be diminished, at the same time that Israel will have a far more effective opposition in the form of bourgeois democratic states on its borders, under pressure to respond to the demands of their people, including in relation to a defence of the Palestinians.
What do you enjoy most about blogging?
5. Keep your fingers crossed your name comes out of the hat!!
We have been concentrating on our food storage the past couple of weeks. The "pantry" is in need of more shelving so that is next on the list of things to do. We have the shelving unit, we just don't have the time to get it set up. Elk season is just around the corner and I'm hoping Tim gets one this year. It would be very comforting to fill the freezer up with meat.
Thierry Antinori, Executive Vice President of Passenger Sales Worldwide. “JetBlue shares our passion for innovation and best-in-class services, and we look forward to continuing to grow the relationship as we seek new ways to build our presence within the United States,” continued Mr Antinori.“We are pleased to expand upon our successful relationship with Emirates through this new codeshare at JFK, where JetBlue is the number one airline,” said Scott Laurence, JetBlue’s Vice President of Network Planning and Partnerships. “Emirates has been a terrific travel partner for JetBlue, affording our customers easy access to all corners of the globe in comfort and style.”
Many people believed deeply in Edwards and felt his series of betrayals personally; they cared about him, which made what he did all the worse. He was supposed to be a different kind of politician but wound up being the same old kind of politician. The trial then amounts to a cathartic moment for many of his one-time fans.
There is also a space to give it a name. If it is your own blog button that you are inserting, just call it My Blog Button.
Well I hope to impress readers and encourage them to check out my work in the future. Other than that my goal is to entertain. I write to help readers escape their everyday lives. I write to bring peace to people and bring excitement. I think most authors write because of that.
This was an excellent meal, and I would recommend Orzo too. Service was good, prices were very reasonable, and the food is tasty and plentiful.
Someone else made fudge, but not just a few squares, they made hundreds of (complete exaggeration) beautiful hand tied bags of fudge! I have made fudge several times before and lost 2 pans and many wooden spoons in the process. Only once have I triumphed, and in triumphed I mean it held together JUST and sort of tasted like fudge (if you closed your eyes). You have to have the patience of a saint to make this (or several glasses of wine to chill you out!).
Don't believe me? Check out these pictures...
But the McAfees had each other. And when the three Irish brothers teamed up for a challenge, it was “God between us and all harm.”
In case you're wondering, James is the most common first name, with a big bouncing 6 and then there's John with 4 and George and William tied with 3, and Thomas and Andrew and of course Franklin at 2.
And we find these promises fulfilled in our Lord Jesus Christ. For he tells us, “I am the Good Shepherd … and I will lay down my life for the sheep.” “Unlike the thieves and robbers, who come only to steal and slaughter and destroy, I came so that they might have life and have it more abundantly.” And St. Peter tells us in the second reading: You have now returned to the shepherd and guardian of your souls.
With nearly 150,000 sub-centres across India, the number of ANMs at sub-centres and primary health centres increased from 130,000 in 2005 to 190,000 in 2009.
I started thinking about what big items needed to go -- the dresser in the bedroom closet that was not working, the rocking chair that was cute but never comfortable for nursing, the boys' desks that I repainted for the school room two years ago and haven't been used since last May. And I decided we should have a yard sale.
* Baxter also “suggested getting tacks that they could throw out of the back of the car if they get in a chase.” This getaway tactic was last successfully used in a Batman episode from 1967.
Taking into account that "young" is relative. But for sure they are responsible for an damn murderous musically tempest with their current ep “Hooves Of Human Teeth”, that is out on Amputated Vein records. I have talked with Doug and met an intelligent dude, total dedicated to his music.
“Dance is a field with more guerrillas than institutions” –John Munger, Director of research and information at Dance/USA
Como yo no soy una persona organizada, necesito las rutinas para mantener un poco de orden en mi casa. He implementado las rutinas con mis hijos desde que eran bebes, y me han funcionado maravillosamente. Ahora que son mayorcitos, las rutinas los mantienen al corriente con tareas (deberes), proyectos del colegio, y las obligaciones en casa.
Well, done, my lady! Well done!
From the unreported to the unperturbed
The doll stretched his arms, his joints popping. "Ahh, that feels good. Too long in one position, you know?" He looked at Sam's dad. "Mr. Liffey. Tut tut. Was keeping me under wraps part of the divorce agreement? Even so, you could've let me out every now and then."
It will be helpful if the child going to camp has been away from home on other occasions and has coped well. Has he been to sleep-overs with friends and enjoyed the experiences? Perhaps grandparents or friends have taken him for short vacations and returned with good reports of his adjustment to new routines and places.
The speculator moves paper (literally) around and makes Million and Millions of dollars and as this is ‘capital gains’, gets taxed at a flat 15% rate.
I chuckled over the street address, really. Most mail identifiers around my parts are nor PO Box’s; I know the county uses a Dewey Decimal system to identify the various parcels of land; the utilities use the old system of lot identifiers; and the post office is not allowed to give out the addresses, or names to an address.
Variously reported, anything up to 59 percent of the population want an immediate election after the bailout has been decided but, whether a rejection of that demand will translate into violence is anyone's guess. The media, talking up the prospects of a violent response, talk of 2,000 demonstrators clashing with police, but these are small numbers compared with the half-million that the unions can put on the streets.
My Grandmother is a living testament to the fact that loving animals extends your life – both the quantity (length) and quality. Despite daily arthritis pain in many of her joints, she spends a significant portion of every day caring for/interacting with her dogs (English Bulldogs).
That is why I think the man will probably have a ballad named after him someday. Actually, he’ll probably have a ballad, a couple of movies, a bunch of licensed and unlicensed biographies, a few graphic novels, and at least one rap song. I have not been so impressed with someone on the basis of their pure toughness since I heard about the time President Theodore Roosevelt got shot by an assassin right before a speech, and the bullet didn’t quite make it to his heart, so he gave the speech as planned and then passed out afterward.
Simon Chapman, a professor of public health at Sydney University, has said that wind turbine syndrome is not recognized by any international disease classification system and does not appear in any title or abstract in the massive US National Library of Medicine’s PubMed database. He says the term appears to be spread by the vector of anti-wind farm activists.
This recipe makes 1 cup and fits perfectly in an 8 oz. canning jar.
We walked with two rangers, Ewoudt and Hubert – both armed with rifles carrying ammunition that would genuinely have floored an elephant with one shot. This is the bush, it is dangerous and although no one would ever want to do it, sometimes needs must.
Overarching Principles: Seriousness (Page 8 )
My junctures in acting has generated many a “thank you” and “bravos” for bringing forth a certain real life scenario to light. My only caution is to “let go”, especially of the character being personified. Budding actors should not assume that they can walk into acting later in life and believe that that they can bring to the stage all of their life experience. Get involved from an early age, therefore the desire to “act and perform” will never leave you. Also be prepared to be noticed when you least expect it (for that is what one works towards) and also it is not about about seeking the attention most people crave for. To reiterate what I said earlier don’t take it for granted that an older character will be casted to an older person; it was reported recently that the script for the new “Miss Marple” series was handed to a 30 year old actress!
Bollox to all of that – the sign on this emporium’s front door is misleading to say the least.
Matt R: 2.0
Since the SD cards are cheap now, we can argue that a manufacturer sourcing a large number of memory chips ( without the plastic casing etc to put in the phone) should be able to get it quite cheap. Even a 2GB internal memory will do wonders. Most vendors provide an extra SD card anyways with your purchase, so to me it makes more sense that they have the memory as part of the device. If required, they can keep an additional SD card slot also for extra brownie points.
Anyway, it's not that people don't respect your choice. What people object to is you pretending that you have similar struggles to average working parents. Because you don't. You have had struggles, no doubt. I know you've had some serious health problems, but you have no idea what it is like to worry about whether you'll b able to pay that month's rent or buy new shoes for your kids. Those are the sort of things most working parents have to worry about, an they resent you pretending that you can empathize because you have also struggled.
Despite denying himself the title Maugham has exactly that which “greatest writers alone can give”, namely an extraordinary insight into the human psyche and an aesthetic sensibility to transliterate it with great intelligibility. Love and all its bittersweet accoutrements is a reoccurring, if not the driving, theme of Maugham’s work and I am yet to encounter an English writer who knows the doctrines of human relationships more perspicaciously than the one at hand. Writing on the subject in The Moon and Sixpence, Maugham says: “Love is absorbing; it takes the lover out of himself; the most clear-sighted, though he may know, cannot realise that his love will cease; it gives body to what he knows is illusion, and, knowing it is nothing else, he loves it better than reality. It makes a man a little more than himself, and at the same time a little less. He ceases to be himself. He is no longer an individual, but a thing, an instrument to some purpose foreign to his ego.” This is not exactly the case with Strickland who seems at “once too great and too small for love” in a romantic sense, but it is certainly true of him in regard to his artistic ambitions which subsume all else, including the self. Thinking about Strickland in retrospect and along these lines, the narrator says: “He lived more poorly than an artisan. He worked harder. He cared nothing for those things which with most people make life gracious and beautiful. He was indifferent to money. He cared nothing about fame. You cannot praise him because he resisted the temptation to make any of those compromises with the world which most of us yield to. He had no such temptation. It never entered his head that compromise was possible. He lived in Paris more lonely than an anchorite in the deserts of Thebes. He asked nothing his fellows except that they should leave him alone. He was single-hearted in his aim, and to pursue it he was willing to sacrifice not only himself – many can do that – but others. He had a vision.”
We started out with a warmup with our strollers placed in a circle, and then sprinted onto the first stopping point along a trail through the woods. We did a series of resistance band exercises while singing children's songs for the kiddo's in the strollers, and then sprinted on to the next stopping point.
