Caren Kaplan — Professor, American Studies
I shifted into fix it mode and quietly assured him he was okay -- I asked him if he was hurt or sick. "No, no, it wasn't that" was his reply.
Someone is watching. He’s a shadowy figure from out of her darkest fears and he hasn’t gotten her. In one shocking moment of violence, he’d shattered Sophie’s world forever and left her with only one thing to life for: her son. But the nightmare isn’t over for Sophie Dunston. It’s just begun. He’s been waiting. Sophie was supposed to die the first time he’ll make sure that not even a miracle will save her.
The reaction from the class was divided. Some students did not like being singled out and felt “picked on”. I was included in the other group of students who appreciated the corrections.
Asked Pops about Addler. Remembers it 'cause he was there. Fine player, pop says. A real terrier.
Last year Jason bought me an indoor trainer for my bike as an early Valentine's Day present. Less than a week later we found out my parents were planning to buy HIM an indoor bike trainer! So, we now have two bike trainers, one for each bike.
Looking forward to joining family for dinner
Really, it just reminds me that there is a balance. I do have to do for me! I do have to do for others! There is a happy medium where both can be accomplished! Easy hourly mantra: “God, grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the Courage to change the things I can, and the Wisdom to know the difference” Same shit, at it basest level!
working arm.
Q3.) Is there anything you like that’s boxed, but you secretly think it’s sometimes better than homemade? I really do like boxed brownie mix brownies, even though I change up the flavor a bit by using Greek yogurt instead of oil and adding vanilla extract.
Off to relax! The only thing I need is a big nap!
Maybe I am just a silly optimist, but I think resisting the alienating effect is absolutely essential in art. I hate to be critical of Collier, and perhaps someone can show how I’ve misread the work and that these are actually quite human and heartening photographs that use media to let us back into our lives. Until then, however, I have to go with what I’ve written above.
"I wish you were more specific when you asked me."
Salmon Teriyaki
A Jar Of Fat (a rendering of Sketch For Sleepy by Bastro) is an improvised piano solo in the style of Thelonious Monk.
“I appreciate all you’re doing for me here, but really, you can do that quietly.” He feels a pang of guilt, not rare, and against his better judgment adds, “It only looks like a lot of blood.”
At Christmas 2010, we were given a total of nine calendars. Thanks to the recession and cost-cutting by the local garage and Indian take-away - both places we frequent regularly - the number was reduced for the Christmas just gone by. In fact, we are down to three.
It is just a gorgeous spring morning, sunny and warm and the start of a 3 day holiday weekend. Patriots Day is Monday, and the Boston Marathon will be run with participants from all over the world. Have a great weekend, and once again..thanks for visiting my blog.
Mag files = 9cm wide x 16 (main) categories (there are actually more I didn't mention, but were thin anyway) = 144cm
Me: I don't know...maybe around 50.
Saturday, my husband's band had their EP release party. He loves to wear skinny jeans but has a huge pile of wider legged jeans from when we started dating. I'd been promising him forever to take a stab at turning them into skinny jeans and his favourite pair were literally hanging on by a thread so he couldn't wear them to the show. I thought it'd be difficult, but other than breaking one needle, I transformed two pairs of jeans for him in less than an hour.
EMILY's FAVORITE MUSIC MIX :
But now. Now I am swamped. And exhausted. I love it. I want 41 Stars Studio to be my real job. Not that I don’t love my day job, cause I do, but I love my jewelry store more.
These attacks were inevitable.
She pours this into a chocolate drizzled glass and it’s heaven. Like a creamy caramel macchiatto, this is indulgent and rich but since the white Godiva is in there instead of the dark, it’s surprisingly light for all the rich flavor, not at all cloying. A dressed up chocolate martini, this would be good made in batches and served at parties.
Darlene Morales - 63
Along with sole care-taking responsibility I also had to get Brian to school and home again this morning. That can (and over the last week has been) tricky with Mera's schedule.
Only......Guess What??
2. In a pan, heat oil and add Mustard followed by Fenugreek seeds, Jeeragam and curry leaves.
In such a desperate physical dilemma what would be in a believers’ mind? It would be the imminent prospect of being in heaven. That should not seem so strange for here is what we have promised in 2 Corinthians 5:8. “We are confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.”
Nowadays, the draft is an occurrence that makes me so excited, I regularly forget that it even exists!!! This year…phew…What. A doozy. If my eyes rolled any harder, I would have to call them “Brittany Murphy with the angels” (I’m so sorry about that one, you guys).
Would you like to win a copy of Quiltmaker’s 100 Blocks, Vol 5? Simply leave me a comment below! You have THREE CHANCES to win from commenting on my blog – I’ll be picking 3 winners! 2 will get signed copies from me, and a lucky 3rd winner will have their copy sent direct to them from Quiltmaker Magazine!
It's not fair that you get more candy!
We can dream, can't we? They didn't imprison Al Capone for the Valentines Day Massacre, they finally got him in jail for tax evasion. By the same token, I want to see Coulson go down, not for the phone hacking but for getting Cameron into power. But like the feds with Capone, I'll take whatever I can get.
When it's just me, a 4 year old and an infant, pulled pork for days can get a bit old.
Lunch was made by one of the members of the household. Again a gathering outside whilst it was eaten. Some freshly picked coriander chopped and sprinkled on top, added to the sensory festival of the day.
Now why do we need so many rules and cops at these events? Exactly what and whom are they protecting? I doubt the security demands are so tight at the Scottish parade as to warrant overtime commitment for officers. If the police were instructed in these circumstances to help rather than hinder, everyone would be safer.
The pencil sharpener chews one side
In February 10, 2003 the U.S. Department of Homeland Security recommended that Americans should prepare for a biological, chemical, or radiological terrorist attack by assembling a “disaster supply kit”, including duct tape and plastic sheath, three days worth of food and water, a radio with fresh batteries and emergency kits both for the home and vehicle.
College: it was about carbs… how many carbs did a slice of bread have?
At this time a brewer named Hodgson had the whole of the Indian export trade, but Messrs. Allsopp & Son, at the suggestion of a Mr. Majoribanks, brewed and exported ale similar to Hodgson's. Their venture met with marked success, and for many years the firm held the chief place among the exporters of Indian Pale Ale. The first Burton specimen of that beverage, many thousand hogsheads of which are now brewed annually, was compounded by Job Goodhead, Mr. Allsopp's veteran maltster, in a tea-pot.
All Centennial Edition Corvette models will be equipped with GM’s Magnetic Selective Ride Control as standard.
“A thorn in the flesh”… The word “thorn” means “bodily annoyance.” The bodily annoyance was the demon Satan sent. The thorn was not God’s angel… it was a devil’s angel. The Lord does not bodily annoy His people. Did you read that? The Lord does not bodily annoy His people. Notice the phrase “the messenger of Satan”… The word “messenger” as used here is from the word “aggelos”… especially an “angel”… by implication a pastor. Paul was buffeted by people too… as well as by demoniacs…
I will be more diligent with the linkey machine - by editing out the ones that don't work, the doubles, the links that lead to nowhere, the links that go just to blog home pages (this is why we need those site specific urls), and the spam. And there is some spam. PLEASE do not put your *home* page in the linkey machine... please? for me??
Malika Zarrar: What’s happening in Egypt, man?
From the Butter London Website:
Last of the 33 cent vintage. I picked up a lot of White Sox (there are 4 more cards I did not scan). Managers row in the middle. Again - you are looking at a Schoendienst, a Martin and a Hodges that cost a total of $1. Score! Total cost on screen (with the 4 not scanned): $4.
Before you I stand,
“What the flock is she doing here?” stammered Adamson. “I demand an explanation!”
I’ve been wasting a lot of afternoons watching CSI:Miami. The girls think, without ever watching it, it is just like the game of Clue only gorier. In the past few days I watched a couple episodes with Mr. Dresden, the arch rival of Horatio Caine. Mr. Dresden was a killer who had a penchant for pine cleaner.
You can get a break of up to $3,000 contributed for each account you have!
So, I have good news and bad news. Which one do you want first? OK, I will be positive and give you the good news.
I broke your heart,
The constitutive theory sets out that it is the recognition of an entity as a State that makes it so. This theory would explain why “Transnistria” and other similarly situated entities[5] are not considered to be States. This theory, however, fails to explain why certain entities that have received numerous recognitions as such are not in fact States. It also raises the question of how many recognitions are necessary in order for an entity to become a State. One clear example of this problem is the “State of Palestine”. As of July 2011, the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO) was reporting that it had received at least 122 recognitions of its “Statehood”.[6] To put things in perspective, there are currently 193 members of the UN.[7] That means over half, 63%, of the United Nations recognizes Palestine as a State. However, not even the PLO’s negotiator’s website discusses Palestine as if it were already a State.[8] One simple reason for this might be that States serve a regulatory function in the world. Their function is to administer a portion of the planet where people live. If they cannot serve that function because they lack authority over a territory or people on the territory, no matter what you call them, they are not States. This is the case of Palestine: it has no effective control[9] of which to speak and therefore cannot, even with recognition, be a new State. The constitutive theory, like the declaratory theory, therefore would seem to provide little useful information standing alone on whether an entity is or is not a State.
Labour's new policy on pensions steals the extreme neo-liberal ACT party's policy of making workers work harder, longer, and die sooner. Pushing out the age of retirement from 65 to 67 is an open attack on the working class. To get elected Labour has abandoned its class roots and openly appeals to international finance capital to allow Labour to manage its affairs in NZ. It's another lurch to the right in response to a deep crisis echoing the 1980s crisis management at the expense of workers. Labour wants to make workers' pay for NZ's economic crisis in the same way as so-called 'socialist' parties in Greece, Spain, Portugal and Ireland are making workers pay for the crisis of international finance capital.
Tuition (including breakfast and a shared double room in hotel) for active participants: $2,450 USD. There will be an additional charge for single room accomodation, if available.
I don't know whether taken together these are a new manifestation of the disease but I haven't spent much time chewing on it. We've been too busy.
Bagels were my favorite baked good, and I loved it with cream cheese, jam, peanut butter, honey, butter, etc. When I became gluten free, I was not impressed with the options I had, so I did the most logical thing I could think of: I made them myself.
“Then there was a powerful outburst, which resulted in a flash flood in the Seti river that entered human settlements and created havoc,” he told AFP, adding some houses had been covered with mud up to 3.5 metres deep.
___________________________________________________________
He lay on top of her. She spasmed as the pins pressed in further with his weight, but it wasn’t enough. He ran his fingers up the sides of her rib cage and pushed his chest against hers.
i was reading breaking free and came upon this.
According to their website, the Balneario Rio Pambre has 23 rooms, 11 in the main building and 12 in the traditional thatched pallozas, all with bath, telephone, safe, air conditioning, central heat, TV, WIFI (only in the main building). They also have a restaurant, bar-cafeteria, gymnasium and thermal baths/spa.
Anni Dewani's body will be returned to her home and her widower will leave too. Life, as they say, will go on. But it is a life that has become frighteningly abnormal because of our acceptance of barbaric acts of cruelty and violence as a normal feature of South Africa.
Juventus’s performance in their first campaign under Conte has gone far beyond what anyone could have imagined for a team who had finished seventh in each of their last two seasons. With one game still to play, they have already collected 23 points more than they managed in total last season. They have also reached the final of the Coppa Italia, where they will face Napoli in two weeks’ time.
On the way back he flashed a blue LED flashlight to let us know he was up ahead. He asked us if we were part of the rescue group from the archery range (5-miles away). We said no, we were just running on the trails. Weird. We continued back to the parking lot. It was now about 8:30 pm, and nobody wanted to do a second loop. Imagine that!
A Rock Opera that has Jesus of Nazareth, Judas Iscariot, and King Herod, among others, brought into the 20th Century medium of Rock and Roll. Controversial in it’s approach that Jesus was “just a man.” Tim Rice’s lyrics bind this narrative together with such clarity and force that you’d think he’d located a Lost Scroll as a guide to chronicle the true story of Jesus’ last days. What’s the Buzz and Yvonne Elliman singing I Don’t Know How to Love Him are just two of the many standout tracks on what was originally a double LP release. Great songs, coherent story line, well recorded: a masterpiece in concept and execution (no pun intended.)
There sat a tired blogger, unable to rise.
I'm looking forward to this year and concentrating on what I do best (what is that exactly?) and finding a way to kick that self-doubter inside of me to the curb!
I love this image...it's a digi from cuddly buddly printed on water colour paper, coloured with promarkers. Backing paper from stash, sentiment from m.c.s., flowers and leaves from w.o.c. and the swirl and bee from my lovely cricut - home decor cartridge.
Given my own background, the belated nature of the endorsement has been painful.
I believe that when I am disturbed, it is because there is something wrong with me. I believe that I can’t have serenity until I accept the person, place or thing exactly the way it IS – not, that it is exactly the way it is supposed to be at this moment, but that it IS this way at this moment.
A brand ad is worthy, a direct response ad is dirty.
The Shadow over Innsmouth covers the important Mythos topics needed to be known in order to properly use the setting. The Innsmouth look, the Esoteric Order of Dagon, an (ahem) in-depth look at Deep Ones and their society, and the effects of the Elder Sign on Deep Ones and Innsmouth hybrids are detailed. A short sidebar provides the reader with the Three Oaths of Dagon, which adherents to the Esoteric Order must recite as they are initiated into the different ranks of the religion, and a full-page sidebar lists for the Keeper additional sources of Innsmouth lore that the investigators might pursue. The archivist in me always enjoys such sidebars such as this one, which demonstrates that the best information can only be found in mildewed cellars, dusty display cases, padded cells, or over tea with little old ladies.
Received: february 2012.
When I meet someone I like, be it a love interest or just a friend, I automatically start sowing little seeds. In other words, I place a generous amount of investment in that person and, if that person happens to be exceptionally special in my opinion, I try to nourish those seeds into glorious greenery.
And that "eat" is the only word that, if you take the 1st letter and move it to the last, spells its past tense — ate.
- I’ve noticed that since I quit doing WIWW and even looking at the posts by others, I have not made a single clothing purchase. When I would see cute stuff that other people had, I wanted it for myself. That temptation is gone. It also helps to not set foot in Target or Forever 21.
(3) Yet the texts provide additional evidence for the basically Hebraic character of this Gospel. They appear especially in the phraseology which opposes light to darkness, truth to error, and so forth; and also in certain forms of messianic expectation which find expression both in the fourth Gospel and at Qumran.
Stir together the sugar, ample syrup, corn syrup, water and salt in a medium saucepan. Bring it to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally, until it hits 240 degrees F. (Be prepared to lower the heat as need -- this syrup has a tendency to bubble up.) Microwave the gelatin on high until completely melted, about 30 seconds. Pour it into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Set the mixer to low and keep it running till you're ready to add the syrup.
Now, in the Summer issue of Brooklyn!!! (issue not yet online), the tabloid produced by the office of Borough President Marty Markowitz, an article headlined Blogging the Block takes on the same theme, citing the Blogfest and the Brownstoner blog.
I had been blind until your light came over my sight. I thought I had gone deaf, till I caught your whisper calling my name. I was half senseless, but then I felt your touch breathing life back into my cells.
“Did you plan on going home with him?”
I have been using just 2 products lately and am thrilled with the results.
58. I’m a stud, not a dud! =
He invites us to receive.
But I've been thinking about great YA novels of the past, published before the establishment of the award. The Printz was first awarded in 2000 (Monster by Walter Dean Myers was that first recipient) but--contrary to what some people seem to believe, YA literature has been around long long before then. The American Library Association's Best Books for Young Adult committee has been around since 1966, compiling annual lists of the finest YA books.
Pinterest has been charged with permitting spammers to make money.
Some jurists contended that the law that established the NJC did not give the body power to remove or suspend a judge. NJC is required to send its recommendation to the president. Justice Salami’s removal from office means that the judge won’t be able to preside over the presidential election petition tribunal which was then looking into complaints about the April 2011 general elections.
The bedroom walls with happy light
Mix the sauce, sugar, and paprika together. Put pork in slow cooker and pour sauce mixture over it. Cook on low for 8-10 hours.
Marilyn McCoo & Billy Davis Jnr – You Don’t Have To Be A Star (To Be In My Show)
Some of our children make a wish list for Christmas, do yours? I never did as a child but I also don't think my parents could have gone out and just gotten me whatever I wanted with paying for private school for 4 children. Our kids know that they may receive something from their list or they may not but they still make them anyway and are always happy and grateful for what they receive.
(We knew we had just lost
I was poking around Facebook one day, not doing anything in particular, when I came across a handful of my classmates from high school talking about reunions. They were discussing what was to be done for our 10-year reunion, and whether anyone wanted to take responsibility for it (around here it’s the graduate’s responsibility to organize a reunion if they want one). A few weeks later I got an invite to a Facebook ‘group’ whose purpose is planning the reunion and spreading the word.
But the true gem in this area is the café too modestly called Plan B. This should be no spare solution when the other places are closed or full (which, by the way, is often the case with Ølbaren and Nørrebro Bryghus). The cosy café consists of two departments, with living room-feel where you will be served sandwiches and other small dishes. The main draw of the place is the drinks selection. Here even choosy coffee and tea drinkers will feel at home- there is a good selection for wine-snobs and last, but not least it is one of the greatest places to drink Danish craft brews in the capital. Oh, and they also have a respectable range of imported quality beers.
No, sir, I don’t care to do all that again.
Once you are done eating, remove the napkin from your lap and put it on the right side of the table before you leave.
$79, pre-registration is required. 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. 7225 Lincoln Ave., Carmichael. 916-944-8505
R2- 2sc in each (12)
MANA de San Diego invites you to help make a difference in the lives of many in our community. As a non-profit organization, MANA relies heavily on the support of dedicated volunteers and members. You can lend your expertise and acquire new skills by volunteering your time today. Visit their MANA de San Diego’s website for more information.
We’ve touched on different views of how to perceive failures as lessons. The only time you can really fail, in my opinion, is when we decide to. When we stop the momentum forward to succeed.
Party bags in Lego block colors (I got mine in a pack of 12 from Michaels)
Today, of course, both kids are exhausted. (So are mom and dad!) But as I take time to reflect on the strides Ayden has made since last Christmas - I remember that all that we push him to do is so very worth it.
As this is a groundbreaking initiative we know there are lots of questions out there, but you’ll appreciate that we’re creating a new model here which we believe will revolutionise the way people get published in the future. What everyone knows for sure is that the current system is not working – as a result, the publishing industry is overly complicated, elitist and inaccessible and even the ‘top’ publishing houses are having to resort to publishing trashy celebrity novels to make ends meat, rather than find those gems THAT WE KNOW EXIST OUT THERE.
In September I had one of the worst days of my life. I got a call that one of my closest friends had flat-lined while being rushed to the hospital. I spent the day hoping and praying she would be ok and waiting to hear something. I had just talked to Diana a few days prior, she was a bit out of it and the doctors weren't sure why but she seemed like she would be fine. I jokingly told her she wasn't allowed to die because I didn't have time to visit for a funeral (her and I had a slightly twisted sense of humor with each other) and she suddenly got kinda serious and asked me if my boss would let me go to her funeral, I told her that if something happened to her I would not be asking I would be telling and that I would definitely be going. I was totally broadsided to then hear that she had taken such a dramatic turn for the worse so soon after I had spoken to her. That night I called home and after talking to my dad for awhile he figured out that I didn't know that she had passed away earlier that day. I still can't believe she is gone, even though I drove home to attend her funeral as soon as I was safe to do so and saw her body in a casket it is hard to comprehend someone who has been a part of my life since I was a baby and was like a second mother to me no longer being there. It breaks my heart even more knowing that her son, my godson, has lost his mother at such a young age.
"Building a conversation strategy will allow us to visually see our complete marketing ecosystem and bake in our communication throughout all touch points."Oh, sure we can visually see it, but can we vocally say it, or aurally hear it? And also, how long do we have to bake it and at what temperature?
First, though - let me give you a peek at the finished product! Simple but different!
So the point of my rambling my new personal challenge is to not buy anything new....papers, stamps, digis, embellishments until I have used all of the stuff in my stash at least once!
I know it's been a long summer (God knows it's been a long summer) and during that time, some rules have been allowed to slip. In the interest of smoothly transitioning to the new fall schedule, I felt it would be in everyone's best interest to post a few reminders.
15min with 15 min on precor
For automobiles, approximately 10% of the vehicles on the road will stop, at least temporarily, thereby possibly triggering accidents, as well as congestion, at field levels above 25 kV/m. For vehicles that were turned off during the testing, none suffered serious effects and were able to be started.
Today I heard a song that I haven’t heard in quite a while. It’s an old one from the seventies called “Cosmic Cowboy” by Barry McGuire. Now, I must explain that Barry’s music has a special place in my heart because he, along with many other pioneers of contemporary Christian music, came to the Lord in the late sixties and early seventies. That’s when my wife and I came to Christ through a genuine move of God called “the Jesus People Movement”. Young people in and out of the hippie movement were coming to the Lord at that time in droves and were experiencing much freedom in Christ and spontaneous organic church life.
Oh, and with three photographers on hand….there’s lots of pictures….and video. So get comfy, its going to be a loooooong post.
But ...
It was a brown paper bag and on it, it said
CIGNA said no thanks and pulled out, taking the cheaper deal with it.
Dear little baby,
My father’s name was John Quincy Adams. Named after his father. A man from Boston who told my grandmother no children and when she singlehandedly got pregnant walked out on her. It was not an easy name to wear. Explain. Justify. Or dismiss. As an adult he changed it out a lot. As a kid he got in a lot of fights. As a kid he also had such awful tonsillitis doctors looking at his X-rays asked if he had had tuberculosis.
This is not the final product, but darn close if you want to take a look. Our album is going to be printed on thick pages in a square leather-bound cover.
This giveaway will end on March 25, 2011 The winner will be chosen by Random drawing from all valid entries submitted. The winner will be notified via email and will have up to 48 hours to contact me with their mailing address before another winner is chosen. Open world wide! No P.O Boxes please.
I lovee my wife-Nkechi-no b small. She dey work hard. After our house scatter Nkechi start to dey do cleaner work for many place. Sometimes she dey make money pass me sef. God use Nkechi bless me well well. Sometimes wen everytin don tire me for dis life na she dey give me hope. Na she dey make me happi. But one tn I no like dat she dey do na say, her hope plenti too much. She beliv say Junior our pikin go fit go skul. I dey ask am wit wich moni we go fit do dat one,she too stubbon sef,she just no wan hear say we b poor pipu,say our powa no fit reash dat level. She beliv say Junior go big man for dis life,before I dey try stop am so she no go too dey tink like dat,so her hope no go scata but now I dey just look am. I don tire,mayb God go ansar am.hmmmm
Let’s use our three options on the weather. Unless you have a lot of money you can’t run away from the weather here in Weatherford. So option one is probably out! Option two is also out because you cannot change the weather. So now all we have left is option number three. We can accept the weather! In this state of acceptance it doesn’t mean that now you will be loving the weather. You might not be happy but you will have internal peace because you are in a state of acceptance where as before you were in a state of resistance and any form of resistance is a form of negativity. By accepting the weather as it is you will immediately lighten your load and have peace.
I used some background paper with butterflies on from the Spring book from Crafty Individuals, die cut and glittered a butterfly for the stopper, and added a greeting. I thought it needed just a bit of something else, so added the stick on jewels around the frame.
I though a silverback gorilla was reaching over Keating shoulder to open his textbook, but then I realized it was actually HIS REAL ARM. Seriously, I had to freeze-frame this just to make sure it wasn’t some Ric Baker prosthetic. Williams must have to shave 798686 times a day. Also makes me think his beard in The Fisher King wasn’t artificial.
are criminals will be arrested and gone. Stocks will be frozen as things
That's how I felt this week when I received my manuscript back from the copy editor and saw all the grammar corrections she made--on my GRAMMAR guide.
And, as you say, the Chen Guangcheng situation has become a very big mess, with Chen making accusations against the American Embassy, and Embassy officials disputing his account. I think that we will need to wait to see how this situation develops before we have any hope of gaining a better understanding. My fear is that Chen’s situation will become an issue in American presidential electoral politics, and that Republican political leaders will make irresponsible and grossly over-simplified statements about the situation in an attempt to gain political points against the Obama administration.
Leggings: Max Rave.
“We’re taught that in life, we should try to look on the bright side. Not in this case. In this case, assume rejection first. Assume you’re the rule, not the exception. It’s liberating. But we also know it’s not an easy concept. -He’s not just into you”
The Physical Sciences librarian was cutting journals that got more than 300 uses per year, so was fine with consolidation with another campus library. They could then have funds to provide journals faculty/students need. Arts, Architecture and Visual library was identified as important to maintain as a browse-able collection. Management, Entomology, Engineering, Ornithology, Hotel, Physical Sciences, and Industrial & Labor Relations libraries are merging with others.
"In 2010 the year was rescued in performance terms by the huge injection of QE2. So the outcome was a reasonable year. Is there a Second Act to rescue this year? What do you think hedge fund returns will be for the whole of 2011?"
The finishing beer was paired with a rich chocolate dessert and came in the form of Jamieson Brewery Raspberry Ale. Based on Jeff Whyte’s cracking-good APA foundation and featuring something like 40 kilos of fresh Jamieson raspberries per batch, it gives a big berry hit in the aroma and beautifully balanced sweet-and-tart mouthfeel which provides little hits of flavour as it goes down the trap.
3. He loved green pastures.
$1.00 off General Mills cereals
DW: 400 billion is all it takes to completely stop environmental destruction? How is that possible?
One of my favorite tracks on the CD, “Holloway Park,” immediately brings to mind techno/new wave acts like Missing Persons. Actually, it seems like little pieces of the album have been plucked right out of the 80s and placed into the 11 tracks on “Liberty Bell.” In addition to the previously mentioned Gary Numan touches on “The Plane Went Down,” the ballad “Let Me Fade” has elements of classic Howard Jones and Kate Bush while “Better in Spain” evokes Roxy Music.
Foster Wheeler AG (Foster Wheeler) is an international engineering, construction, and project management contractor. In addition, it also supplies power equipment. The companys operations are divided into two business segments, namely, the Global Engineering and Construction group (Global E&C group); and the Global Power group. The Global E&C group designs, engineers and constructs onshore and offshore upstream oil and gas processing facilities, natural gas liquefaction facilities and receiving terminals, gas-to-liquids facilities, oil refining, chemical and petrochemical, pharmaceutical, biotechnology and healthcare facilities and related infrastructure, including power generation and distribution facilities, and gasification facilities.
The introductions shed a lot of light on how the laughing Accountant thought of our relationship. "I'd like you guys to meet my girlfriend." Haha, not a chance buddy...right here, right now I am totally going to bust your bubble. "I'm not his girlfriend. We just met 3 days ago." I guess I was expecting a look of stunning realization, but it didn't happen. Oh my god...he thinks I'm his girlfriend. Oh my god...he's going to put his arm around me and try to kiss me in front of his friends. I drank my beer faster than I ever have in my entire life and luckily was able to get another one in a plastic cup to take with me into the arena for the game.
Jesse: (Looks away distantly, eyes starting to water.) I have these dreams, you know, that I’m…I’m standing on a platform, and uh, you keep going by on a train, and…you go by, and you go by, and you go by, and you go by, and I wake up with the fucking sweats, you know? And then I have this other dream, oh…where you’re…pregnant, in bed beside me, naked, and I want so badly to touch you, but you tell me not to and then you look away and…and I…I…I touch you anyway, right on your ankle and your skin is so soft and I wake up in sobs, alright? (Inhales deeply.) And my wife is sitting there looking at me, and I feel like I’m a million miles from her, and I know that there’s something…wrong! (Céline reaches out to stroke Jesse’s face, but pulls her hand back before he sees her.) You know, that I ca…that I can’t keep living like this, that there’s gotta be something more to love than commitment. But then I think that…I might have given up…on the whole idea of romantic love. That I…I might have put it to bed that…that day when you weren’t there. You know, I think I might have done that.
Al Qaeda sees the recent uprisings across the region as opening up new opportunities to attack Israel.
You have no idea how much they mean to me. I do apologise as I am not able to revert to all responses on my Facebook page, or to all my comments. Please be assured that all of you are always on my mind. Otherwise I wouldn't put in a lot of thought I guess.. to think of something to bake or cook and in hopes that you'll try it out ;).
1. Soak channa dal and rice separately for atleast 2 hrs or till they are soaked nicely.
Here is Version 2. There aren’t many changes, apart from new shows and OVAs. The most noticeable difference is that Ironman was wrongly pegged for April, when it’s in fact scheduled for another season (same goes for Wolverine in turn). Interestingly, Romance of the Three Kingdoms is confirmed to air this season now, alongside Rainbow from a year ago.
I could find no heroes that looked like me. And the heroic fantasy I loved so much was constantly hurting my young feelings by telling me how vile I was.
Taste: Smooth initially, with some sweet, floral notes, such as violet, a touch of citrus and some sweet earthiness, like liquorice. This then morphed into a more earthy, bitter taste with a hint of anise.
Children cherish Chums of Chance,
For there is nothing worth any amount of worry invested into it; indeed worry diminishes the value of the very thing we fret over!
As I can't see very far.
in time of all sweet things beyond
This isn’t everything you are
they seem so messed up
Into the syrup mixture, mix in half of the dry mixture, followed by half of the baking soda water, alternating until everything is incorporated and smooth but not overmixed. Bake for about 45 minutes, or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean.
While I was fuming over people and their sometimes poorly chosen words regarding our situation, or, as some of you suggested, elaborately telling everyone to fuck off and leave me the fuck alone in my fucking happiness...
(The Platters)
Despite these encouraging figures being much higher than those achieved in 2009 and 2010, investment is still some way off the amounts reached in 2007 and 2008, when foreign investment exceeded 5,300 million euros.
Editor’s note: The following open letter is submitted by Reggie Littlejohn, president of Women’s Rights Without Frontiers, regarding escaped Chinese forced abortion activist Chen Guangcheng. Many are saying how the U.S. handles the Guangcheng case will test the nation’s relations with China.
Well I remember reading the book for the first time because I hoped that the book was going to be as well written and interesting as the first, of course it was. Still is as I continue to re-read the books.
Most important of all, the idea of Inspector Burke operating incognito as Colonel Yates seems to have been entirely Ms. Coolidge-Rask's invention; in the reconstruction and both reviews Burke is openly himself throughout. He is even shown investigating the "mysterious" death of Roger Balfour and deciding it was suicide, then coming back five years later to prove it was murder -- the Times reviewer pinpointed the howling illogic of that ("...Burke of Scotland Yard, the genius who wills to solve a murder mystery five years after he has declared it to be a case of suicide.").
There is a wonderful anecdote about Evelyn Waugh turning up for Sunday lunch at the Mitford residence in 1935, and being asked in shrill tones by Jessica and Unity, “Are you a Nazi or a Communist?”, to which Waugh replied truthfully, “Neither, I’m a democrat”. “How wet!” the two extremists shouted in unison.
The Braves are my life. I wear their shirts, have memorabila in my room, on my wall, on my computer, on my bed (comforter and pillows people -__- ) I read about them, watch them, listen to them. I collect their cards. I lose my voice cheering for them at games. I even dream about them. They are my team.
Spring starts tomorrow. It's also my Cousin Ellen's birthday, and the last day in Life As We Knew It (which I know because it's the first day of spring and my Cousin Ellen's birthday).
Cokes I drank: 1 1/2, the half was a child's coke in a mcdonalds happy meal (hungover)
Cool on rack or in upright position to allow air to circulate.
Virctory Hopdevil
Yet we do it anyway. We love it that much.
How far off the peak are we? Nationally 48.2% (49.8% in real terms as inflation has increased by 3.2% between February 2007 and January 2012). Interestingly, as revealed here,Northern Ireland is some 45.2% from peak in nominal terms and 52.6% off peak in real terms. Are forbearance measures by mortgage lenders, a draconian bankruptcy regime and NAMA’s (in)actions distorting the market? Or are cash transactions which are not captured by the CSO index so significant today that if they were captured, the decline in the Republic would be even greater?
Since then, studies have shown that shoppers are willing to pay more for products they believe are produced to higher animal protection standards. Some estimates show raising hens cage-free adds 1 cent to the cost of each egg. It’s unclear how much more it will cost to raise pork outside gestation cages.
Today I saw a car crash.
"A couple of times, it has really made me feel like that. Of
Consensus
school and I use my chemistry often when I mix hair color to put on people's hair (maybe that is a bit of algebra in context? It still begs the question of why I had to learn it out of context, I never use it out of context). I use my reading, spelling, grammar, research, speaking, critical thinking skills on a daily basis. Anyway, many times while growing up I felt school was a waste of my time and I hated it. I especially did not like some teachers because I just did not get them and they did not get me. I wasn't a "bad" student, I played the game well and I was a high honors student about half the time and always a honors student. However, I could not wait to escape school. I have since learned I am not alone, not by far. My husband has the same feelings and many of our friends and even fellow citizens I encounter on a daily basis.
My daughter is usually in charge of deciding what type of pancakes we make on pancake morning. Usually she comes up with her own creations and other times she browses through my pancake folder on Pinterest. That is where she saw these pancakes and she immediately asked to make them.
Michael Pisaro's Hearing Metal series continued this year with a pair of new discs that both work on their own merits as individual recordings and as parts of a larger whole (which must also include 2009's Hearing Metal 1). These pieces, all of them made in close collaboration with Pisaro's frequent interpreter, the percussionist Greg Stuart, are examinations of texture and fine grain. At moderate volumes, these are gorgeous drones, with subtle shifts between layers of bowed or scraped percussion, field recordings, and electronic sine tones. At higher volumes, the real complexity and density of this music becomes apparent, and the effect can be frankly overwhelming, even suffocating, as Pisaro and Stuart create these ringing, glistening waves of sound, like the neverending aftershock of a tremendous gong being struck. Hearing Metal 2 is divided into three tracks, but it's dominated by the central 40-minute movement which consists of cascading metallic percussion reverberations. This piece is balanced between the harshness and clamor of the sounds and the serenity and suspension that are always such a big part of Pisaro's work. The album is bookended by two shorter pieces, the first an 18-minute movement that mingles field recordings of birdsong and other natural sounds with electronic tones, and the second a miniature that briefly returns to the birds chirping as a spacious, organic respite after the dense, unearthly drones of the monolithic second track.
From another sheet of paper, I cut out the ticket strip. I used a circle punch to punch the space between the tickets and decorative-edged scissors to cut the edges of the strip so it would like actual tickets. Then, I took a few rub-ons and added them right on top of the tickets. Next, I scored the areas between the tickets and then attached portions of the tickets so they would be dimensional. They look almost like the real thing, don’t they?!
Upper right ... the blue & cream seam treatment came out of the blue ... but left a patch of pink bare ... filled in with a bunch of laser-etched roses ... I was going to add leaves & such ... but decided that their basic beauty needed nothing more.
33. Appreciates poetry and art
“Sir, we are glad to see you’re in once piece!” It was Fox. She looked rather happy to see him.
i am thankful for how he loves our girls. he truly was meant to be the daddy of girls. i love to watch him love them. with all of his kisses and hugs and bedtime stories he makes up for rayley beth about 'beauty the great'...and all of the other girly things he has to do.
Preheat the oven to 190*C/375*F/ gas mark 5. Butter a large baking sheet well, or line with parchment paper.
I have used Star Dust Stickle glue.
McMartin KI, Koren G. Exposure to organic solvents. Does it adversely affect pregnancy? Can Fam Physician 1999; 45: 1671-1673.
Berry removed the Greek epigraph to the poem (because, after all, who reads Greek anymore): references to Hades, even in a dead language, only signal a disincentive to hope. Footnotes to poems violate the preferred protocols of the art form, requiring readers to have a frame of reference that exceeds the 100-mile radius of sincere local acute observation, the most valued perspective for a writer.
“ So Mr. Ortiz, it says here that you are 25 years old.”
Anyway, I've been wanting to tell you guys about this for a very, very long time, and now I finally can!
Than thou the shadow of succession;
“Tattoos aren’t allowed in the territory.”
I had to be going the wrong way. They wouldn’t have sent me up a road like this without warning me about all the “No Trespassing” signs and making sure I had four-wheel drive, right? After crawling up the steep, washed-out road, I topped out on a ridge next to a junkyard in the middle of nowhere. The view of the Sangre de Cristo’s was phenomenal, but the house looked cobbled together with plywood and scrap metal roofing. There were at least ten cars and trucks on blocks, and I was ready to high-tail it out of there at first sign of trouble.
Warm up Espagnole Sauce, if needed.
How wonderful! As our kith and kin are raped and murdered by racially motivated non-whites, the police “service”, whose sole remit is to protect the population from such crime, sweep it under the carpet through fear of criticism, and gets itself into “a bit of a state about it.” Such a reprehensible and disgusting attitude stems no doubt from the chief requirement necessary for becoming a police officer in the first place, which is not an ability to catch criminals, so it seems, but to exhibit a “respect for diversity.”
While lamb cooks, drain pasta and return pot to heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil and butter in pasta pot and melt over medium heat. Place the pasta back in the pot and crisp 4-5 minutes, toasting the pasta. Season the pasta with salt and pepper and a little nutmeg.
Propagandhi (awesome Canadian punk rock band) started a new podcast that to date lasted all of two episodes!
You have to imagine your life as a game of scrabble.
These next two photos are of a table used for two games, if I understand correctly. First was a "Red Dawn" scenario, second was a zombie game. It was just inside the Distlefink Hall (my game was in the lobby on the other side of the doors) and at one point during my first game, we heard the cry go up, "Wolverines!" Great looking table.
I see them in front of businesses, in all day sun, and they are fantastic. I see them at friend’s houses in complete shade and they are FANTASTIC.
Merry Christmas to all, for all of your life!
The old man said, “You thought – but you are wrong.”
~Neil Hester
In order to be “the best author” you can be, join TBA Lounge, an interactive social network that puts the writer, freelance journalist, the author, the songwriter, the poet, and the speaker in a positive atmosphere in which you can be supported and therefore become more successful doing what you love to do, creating a world out of words.
“It’s okay. It’s just water.” I thrust my hand into the jets of water and then brought it to his face. I realised then that I had been hasty in my assertion that he was a gentle dog; at any second he could pounce ferociously onto me, and I would be confined in this small space with a scared, angry dog.
Well, of course it was. Had I forgotten?
4/28/12
We had an oar on our overturned boat. In spite of several men working it, amid our cries and prayers, we were being gradually sucked in toward the great pivoting mass. I looked upwards — we were right underneath the three enormous propellers.
We left upstate NY on Thursday morning for the 7+ hour trip to Cape Cod. The chaos started early with some frantic last minute packing and repacking. I managed to get out of the house with 1 duffel bag and a food bag. Not bad. Our van did not pack the night before like the other vans as logistics prevented a lot of that. Between kids sporting events and some of us working late it was not worth that kind of hassle. It turned out not to be a big deal to transfer stuff to the van as we left. Not sure if I mentioned it, but we only filled the last 2 slots on our team last week! We had a heck of a time filling our team...we had 3 people back out on us late in the game and up until last week we had a 10 runner plan in place. We were THRILLED when 2 wonderful women jumped on our crazy train at the last minute! However, as we were within a half mile of picking up our last runner, we got a call that her baby was sick & she would not be able to join us. We reverted back to our contingency plan in minutes. We were sad she could not come, but we understood. 2 hours into our trip we got a call back from Runner 11 that baby was in a good mood & feeling better, Dad on the way home & she was going to drive up herself to meet us! We were stunned, a little concerned that she was going to drive on her own, but happy! The mother's out there can appreciate the statement "7 hours alone with a book on tape & 5 kids not asking me anything....sounds like heaven to me". We stopped for dinner somewhere in Massachusetts & met up with our sister team & another team of runners....that's right....36 Ragnar Mama's in one restaurant! Turned out that Runner 11 only got to the hotel about 45 minutes after us! A quick team meeting and we were off to bed. The alarm went off in the morning to find that Runner 11 came down with baby's GI illness through the night, but she was one tough cookie & dressed and got in the van. It's a good thing we were not van 1 because we got lost trying to find the starting line and missed van 1's 7am start.....took us over an hour to find it and it turns out it was only 6 miles from our hotel. We did make some friends at the local Walgreen's though! Runner 11 needed to rest so we took her back to the hotel, told her to lie down and told her we'd come back for her once the van got me off and running at the first major exchange.
I will be doing reminder posts and further plugs over the next few weeks, because when the monsters of October go away, the Ninja come out to play!
and clearly one of their very greatest. I wouldn't be much of a tullnut, without some
That’s why I like them.
A significant price.
It is unknown to what degree the yakuza within Northern Baja California will do during this crises but they are being monitored by the White Dragon Society by order of Choidon Daikaku.
Any reasonable military leader would have predicted disaster for such a small force working unsupported, deep inside enemy territory. General Wavell ignored all military doctrine and put his military reputation on the line when he overruled his staff and gave Wingate permission to conduct the seemingly suicidal operation.
Thanks to "Yo Gabba Gabba" this, along with "Don't Bite Your Friends", is a frequent "request". There's something charming about a two year old chanting "pick it up pick it up pick it up" in Ranking Roger toasting style! And here's the video:
Game features:
Pour into sterilised jars, I do this by placing my clean jars & lids in a oven set at 120C for 10 minutes. Pop the lids on when cold, not before or the moisture can create mould under the lid.
According to legend and Taoist practice, the 1,000-year-old martial art of Liuhebafa is considered to be a recipe for internal alchemy (a form of personal transformation) and even immortality. In addition to my poems, Ride Backwards on Dragon contains 30 pages of endnotes decoding that ancient ‘secret’ recipe, which is hidden in the names of the 66 movements of the main form of Liuhebafa. (The language of all the Taoist internal arts is bursting with metaphysical symbolism. And none more so than Liuhebafa. Its ancient encrypted lexicon of wild geese and tigers, sun and cloud, mythical creatures and humble ploughboys, is the very essence of poetry – pure metaphor, to safeguard the secrets of internal alchemy and immortality.)
Now that we have seen what are times, apertures and ISO let's see how to set them in our camera, we're going to talk about the shot mode... READ MORE
If you're reading this Sharon, I love you. If the kids are asleep, please look in on them for me. Take in the beauty of the three miracles we have created, and know that I am thinking of them too. And you...
They make great gifts, remember Christmas is coming soon??!!!
we FINALLY bought Tara new furniture.
Thursday, December 13th–Therapy.
Are you looking for some unique storage for your crafty finds? Sometimes a trip to the junk shops is just what you need. A tip: Don't look for the obvious. You probably won't find a grouping of just what you need sitting there staring at you. Think outside the box. Find one classic item that you like and build upon that item. Carry that favorite around look for other items that match in color or style.
One element in which I feel Tchaikovsky showed improvement was the panoramic, emotional sweep of the novel. Dragonfly Falling shows the true start of the war, with Collegium beginning to actively participate, the other nations getting involved and having that large-scale conflict coming into full view. Some of the battles and conflicts he imagines conjure up spectacular images, airship conflicts with characters leaping to and fro, a siege outside of a city. He shows a fairly equal balance from both sides of the conflict through the character of the Wasp Captain Thalric, who has a great deal of honor and passion for his ideals. Though Thalric is the most fleshed out of the characters in the Wasp army, his strength is that Tchaikovsky makes him a character you find yourself rooting for at times despite the fact that he’s high up in the “enemy” army.
I watched the show twice, as it was shown multiple times on BBCAmerica. I would have watched it a third time but I don’t think I could take it, emotionally. I’m exhausted now. I’m also glad that it’s on the DVR, and that I have pre-ordered all of the specials on dvd and will devour them when they arrive in February.
We had a nice picnic dinner next to the raging river. :) Adelyn was not interested in eating, only wanting to crawl right into the water. She loved looking at all the people, especially those riding the rapids.
Thank you, Gina, for giving me the opportunity to play a small part in your story.
As a fringe benefit, I have greatly enjoyed how this media has enriched my private life by reconnecting with old friends and making new ones. It takes up a huge amount of time that I’d rather spend writing; however, it is what it is. I can piss and moan about it, or I can use it to my advantage. I choose the latter.
I loaded the base image, then used the window feature to add the top part of the box with the window cutout. If you select both images BEFORE returning to the mat, they will be compatible sizes. I put each part of the box on a separate layer. Then I stretched both sections until the box would fit a set of 4"x6" cards. Just make sure you look at the measuring tools and keep the measurements the same for both boxes. I cut the box using DCWV Glitter Stack paper, with the Cricut on max speed and max pressure. This paper can be a bit rough on blades, so if you have one that is a bit dull, that is the one to use. Assemble the box by scoring on the score marks and adhering with liquid adhesive (I LOVE Zip Dry by Beacon Adhesives) or with Super Sticky Tape. I push the corners on the bottom part of the box in a little further than the outer edge and trim the excess. On the top part of the box, I keep the corners a little wider, so the box will fit together more easily.
It's beauty blows my mind
Late in the morning we checked out and enjoyed lunch at the buffet and headed home. We couldn’t talk the hubby into making one last stop at the mineral hot springs in T or C.
A jump serves no subordination.
I saw that Christy, from Tiddly Inks is having a DT call.
The Singles “I’ll be there for You”, “Bad Medicine”, “Livin on a Prayer”, and “You Give Love a Bad Name”, all reached #1 on the Billboard Top-40 Charts.
“Mum?” she called out hopefully when she opened the front door. “Mum?”
Also, doing this has made me think about the fluid nature of academic labor; it's not always easy to tell what counts as work. (That lecture, for example. It was fun. I enjoyed learning random things about medieval and early modern iconography. It's vaguely possible I might use some of that knowledge in my courses, somehow, but I can teach them just fine without it. And I was under no particular obligation to go, except that it's generally expected on my campus that you show up to some of these things, some of the time. Is it still "work"? Beats me.) Are office hours "work" because you have to be there, even if you spend the whole time reading blogs? Are course prep and grading somehow less work-like because they're invisible (like a lot of profs, I do them at home) and can be done, within reason, whenever you feel like it? Is Basic Comp more "work" than the Shakespeare class because every goddamn second of it feels like work, even though the latter actually took up more of my time today?
Some days, or rather at some moments I’m fine, but most of the time I’m not.
So hard, that I had a terrible cough and an even worse headache the rest of the day.
While we don’t have too many details on the game outside of the 6 characters and handful of stages, we do know that the game will have a crazy number of options including local and online with up to 4 players. For those of you who just want to unleash chaos by yourself, a single player campaign has been promised. I’m hearing a holiday release time frame, but outside of that, no concrete details. With E3 quickly approaching, I’d be surprised if we didn’t learn more. I don’t know about you, but another Smash Bros style game is a welcome sight to me.
Our excitement escalates when we imagine ourselves going up to a heavenly lion and rolling around on the ground with it. Laughing and playing tag with a real live lion, hugging its neck and getting big ole slobber kisses.
I had so much generous support from so many vendors, I want to thank them all. I could not have done the space without them. I designed much of the furniture in the space, as well as the area rug, so the project was especially detailed. I was on pins and needles for months waiting to see how all of the pieces were going to turn out! And they are beautiful.
14 Corporate Elect
RAMSEY KANAAN
DO NOT OPEN THE REFRIGERATOR was the command from my husband. ONCE YOU LET THE COLD OUT, EVERYTHING WILL SPOIL.
Whenever Armando sees snow, he’s like a little kid. He can never pass a sheet of newly fallen snow without stomping his feet in it, making his mark on the smooth surface. But then again, he never grew up with snow, living in southern Mexico. Snow is still a novelty to him. Me, on the other hand, grew up in Manitoba. Enough said.
Notes: I added vanilla extract, because I like the vanilla taste in chocolate cakes.
Warnings were shouted, with Emma moving quickly alongside Brother Vang in an effort to defend the dwarven flanks; the wights revealed themselves all at once as they charged to engage the adventurers and defenders anew, joined from the air by vampire spawn as heavy blows were exchanged. Zantric’s heart sank at the sight of his fellows so beleaguered, yet when the fighter went to join his friends he found himself facing the blood knight in a swift and sudden duel. All the while, the vampire remained distant and aloft, seeming to simply observe the battle in progress as if studying the adventurers.
Kojak (my BOB Yak trailer) and I somehow made it to the top ahead of Geordie and his heavily laden Surly Long Haul Trucker; I think partly because my overall setup is slightly narrower so I was able to blaze a trail through the undergrowth with slightly less hassle.
You can select auto (God forbid!) Or not.
Breathe.
What we're on the fence about:
Firstly I have added some GORGEOUS new stock to the website - 2 NEW COLLECTIONS! The first is by Fancy Pants Designs and is called Happy Together! Here's a sneeky peek at one of the gorgeous double sided papers...
Considering what's happened in Greece and Italy, count yourself lucky you have a government that looks something like a democratically elected representative assembly.
I now have a future to look forward to
My Story Recommendation of the Week is for "'Run,' Bakri Says" by Ferrett Steinmetz, from the December 2011 issue of Asimov's. This is Steinmetz's second SROTW.
I think kids need that structure; after all, we all need some sort of guardrails to help us in our lives, very general rules and ideas to help us define our worlds and our places within them.
coloring holiday decorations.
My key to the city adventure officially ended tonight but my adventure will continue on, thanks to the wonders of the Internet and this blog, for at least one more week as I get up all the posts from this weekend (not even a 100 degree fever could keep me from finishing the project, nosiree!) As far as dates go I have a clunker, a surprise, a blast from the past, I may even learn something by number 25 (specially added by yours truly).
My heart wants to fall...
Line the bottom of each pot with about an inch of small pebbles. I've often used aquarium stones and they work well. Top the stones with soil and sow the seeds as per the instructions on the packet. Water gently and place on the windowsill. This is a wonderful way to bring a little green into the house during winter.
Bartender is a very popular manga by Joh Araki and Nagatomo Kenji (artist) that has been running in Super Jump magazine since 2004. It was made into an animated cartoon in 2006. The main character is Ryu Sasakura, who started the series having just returned to Japan from learning about bartending in France. He is a genius bartender (the main characters in mangas of this sort are always geniuses at something) and spends his time perfecting his skills and changing people`s lives with his (and other bartenders') magical cocktails.
In part one of this essay, I looked at various of the balancing criminal prosecutions which have been taking place in Britain so as to protect our leaders' fated dreams of a successful multi-racial society. These include legitimate criminal prosecutions, where actual evidence of guilt exists, but which are afforded excessive prominence and press coverage on account of the race of the alleged perpetrator, so as to overshadow the numerically greater number of similar crimes committed by members of a more politically popular race.
“MSQ have aircraft in the air now doing an assessment, although the hope is that little oil escaped through the night.
Show is pissed and runs over Cody in the ring while the crowd boos him! Show then chokeslams Cody through a table! Crowd turns when Show THROWS Cody out of the ring and onto a table! FUCK! Cody chant while the refs try to help him up. Cody finally stands and the crowd digs that as he holds up the belt.
Every life needs a soundtrack. If we were lucky, we’d have someone to write one for us. Someone to follow us around and know right when to cue the exact song for the exact moment. Too bad life isn’t like Hollywood, right? In oh so many ways…but I digress. A lot of us music junkies out in the world try to figure out what song to play at what time. We want to discover out how to capture the moment and the memory with the right song. There are times when a little rock is right, the twang of a country love song is good, and even when the scream of saxophone hits the right notes.
You shall write in your precious blood:
You have spent a lot of quality time with Daddy this past month since Mommy has been super busy with Stardust leadout! You and Daddy even came to watch "Lala" in leadout. He was the Junior attendant, and a handsome one, might I add ;) You helped to cheer him on!
But my light expands in Him,
Alright everyone! Thank you for stopping by. Please be sure to hop over to Ginger Snap Scraps Blog to check out the other DT Ladies Amazing projects. I would also love for you to follow Ginger Snap Scraps.Have a fabulous day!
I made the best salad tonight for dinner and I just had to share it with you. My mom found it in some magazine (sorry, I don’t know which one), and it is easy, delicious, and best of all, it reminds me of the beautiful summer evenings I spent in Italy. Since arugula, cantaloupe, and prosciutto are at the heart of this salad, I thought my name for it was appropriate.
And they shouldn’t neglect the gaffer factor as well. Celtics’ Doc Rivers is a former NBA player and a notable experienced coach. Not only the “Big Three”, he could bring the most from the rest of his roster, from Rajon Rondo, Tony Allen, up to Kendrick Perkins. And, frankly, I’m kind of surprised when I look up Wikipedia to find that Heat’s Erik Spoelstra never played or coached in any NBA team before. He succeeded Pat Riley – who became Heat’s president – three years ago after being Riley’s assistant before. No contest. He couldn’t bring the best of Mike Bibby and the Heat’s bench.
Cumin powder 1/2tsp
“Yes, I know,” replied Tybalt. “I have seen wet dogs swimming with my own eyes.”
When you sit down to do a drawing or painting of an event or a story, how do you know exactly which moment to pick as your moment to illustrate? This can be especially challenging when dealing with a scene full of action and drama.
Sure, I reckon for it to be chili, ya gotta have some color added to it like a little that comes from the spices and vegetables but no need to turn it pure red by adding cans of tomatoes or brown with pinto beans for goodness sake. No need what-so-ever, not if you don't need to and folks, I don't need to... nope, not at all. So that got me thinking of a really white chicken chili, as white as angel's wings, first snow on mountain peaks, and as white as powdered sugar cookies and... milk. Yeah, that's it.
If going for distance - say 3 miles, I keep ramping down the walks....though I might say 30 seconds of the run at the next slower mph - but the final 30 seconds of the run interval bump it back up to 6.9 -7.2mph. This can really kick my butt, I feel like a spaz but in a good way.
Net Income divided by Sales
I’m Brian Mackey.
All this hope i breathe is given by the hand that carries me
Agile relies heavily upon the human component to have it sail through the traditional “trip over” pieces of design and architecture, inter-group co-ordination, functional expertise, and so on. The CMM model calls for a detailed competency skill set, coupled with training, as a separate Process Area to make up for any resource deficits.
She stuck out her chest and huffed. “I'm Jen, you pooh.”
Once Billy decides that he wants to learn ballet he does what anyone who wants to know something but doesn’t want to ask would do: he goes to the library to look it up. Well, the bookmobile. Faced with ageism in the library card system he then does what anyone who wants something they’re told they can’t have does: he sticks it in his pants and runs!
Resignation is no substitute for prosecution and conviction. It's time for the police to start arresting one another.
If this is in any way indicative of the humanities and social sciences in American higher education, it's no wonder so many recent college graduates in this country are jobless. Before condemning Duke as an institution, however, it's worth noting that there are many excellent faculty teaching rigorous material in the physical sciences, engineering, economics, public policy, and others.
It will change your life.
John Lyman (1921-1977) was an oceanographer and maritime historian, as well as a founder of NASOH in 1973. Here’s a link to NASOH’s home page:
A little while later our landlords showed up with their handyman to make some repairs while they were here anyways. I was housebound while I waited for the handyman to finish up, so I decided to finish the new pillow covers for the living room couch. It was nice to finally get this project done!
Cigarette butts are ‘toxic time bombs’ containing significant pollutants that can harm wildlife and damage coastal environments. They can take up to five years to break down in sea water and cost management authorities thousands of dollars each year to pick up.
Perhaps this is a bit more theory than anyone would choose to know. Although I would not be writing this series of posts if I did not believe this information would benefit you as you daily take joy in photographing your life and the wonderful moments with your loved ones.
Sorry, not much on narration today... but if you have any questions, feel free to email me or comment and I'll try to get back to you soon! Oh... and a lot of people ask me what Copic color combinations I use, so I added a tab at the top of my blog HERE. It isn't a complete list, but it's started at least :)
In 8 days I should have my 2 babies in my arms! I'm so excited!!!
With tails in air
CEO, Ford Motor Co.
Halftime in the UCLA/UH game. This is a great game so far as I wait on the FAMU game to start. Houston's offsnse is looking VERY VERY SHARP AND HERE'S ANOTHER TOUCHDOWN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You can tell that I start typing this a pinch early. Oh MY MY MY MY MY MY MY. I'm thinking someone is going to the ROSE BOWL! At halftime the score is UCLA 14, UH 31. And it's not even in HD.
Yam T'Cha: The year's most mediatized newcomer, this small table , not far from the Louvre museum, offered what I hesitate to call a fusion cuisine. Chef Adeline Grattard and her Chinese husband, Chi Wa, run this modern little dining room , all minimalist with exposed brick and open kitchen, offering a tasting menu including French and Asian products (Challans duck with Szechuan pepper, hot foie gras with Pok Choi and mustard leaves), that is subtle and completely unique. No surprise then, that Grattard trained with some of the best, the Meurice's Yannick Alleno and Astrance's Pascal Barbot, as well as a stint in Hong Kong at the two star Bo Innovation. Chi Wa, a former graphic designer runs the tea service with elegance and professionalism. But the press coverage was brutal and immediate, and getting a table at either lunchtime or dinner is nearly impossible, and time will tell if they can withstand this pressure. As a chef friend of mine recently said "Adeline is stressing out too much, you can feel the stress in the dining room, and I wonder if you can even taste it in her cuisine".
You are thus, finally, independent.
Yet again this post is from winter 2010, mum cooked this rice. It is my most fav since childhood. Sometime i can't believe how picky eater i have been since kid, this used to be one of those food (among very few) when i ate without any drama. This tamarind mix can be made well in advance and preserved. It stays for few months (say two months). You could also freeze it so it stay even more longer. It used to be one of goodies things that mum packed for me every time i flew from India or when she was here. On a busy/lazy days this mix can be mixed with warm fresh rice. It goes every well with potato chips, papads or scrambled eggs. For those who are wondering what those colored little things are? it is called vathal (Indian rice fryums, experts correct me if i'm wrong, which has to be fried before it is served) i adore them only to eat and not to fry. So people another recipe from mum. Do enjoy and live happily since you deserve the best "ting" :)
This year's gala was held last week and featured a guest list full of models, celebrities, and designers. But look who else was spotted, stealth in the background of the celeb shots:
Beneath it all, desire of oblivion runs:
“‘Do not have sexual relations with an animal and defile yourself with it. A woman must not present herself to an animal to have sexual relations with it; that is a perversion.
Per Capita:
That has got to be about it, because frankly, blogger is starting to really piss me off! Not only is it taking a ridiculously long time to upload the photos, ( I started this some hours ago!) but it keeps just freezing and refusing to do anything at all, (now that sounds familiar, my children are also great at this one!)
But, this morning I woke up in a good mood. While I was getting ready, I found myself continually humming Christmas songs and smiling at myself in the mirror. It was almost scary!
2. Fluffy kitten
They took off said guitars, and proceeded to smash them against each other, then finally they hammered them into the planks, destroying what was left of their instruments in a frenzied finale of Heavy Metal destruction.
Just in case you hadn't noticed, this grand, three-bedroom penthouse has extensive staff quarters – seven staff bedrooms, to be exact, plus three staff bathrooms and a sitting room with its own kitchenette.
There are four candidates for the County Council elections in the Llansanffraid Ward for Conwy
Opening Night : 3rd may
We did nothing in autotech. As usual.
This LP contains their 10" (that they recorded in a few hours only a couple months after getting together) in addition to 3 unreleased studio tracks. In '79 after a line up change, they evolved into the Mature Adults.
After the movie we went to Longhorn. One of our favorites! We sat at the bar and enjoyed ourselves immensely:
The indictment outlines five specific incidents in which current and former TSA employees took payments of as much as $2,400 to allow suitcases filled with drugs to pass through X-ray machines while TSA screeners looked the other way.
I remember one even prior to us leaving that was a lot of fun was being interviewed about our thoughts of going to Haiti. We all entered a fancy meeting room at the college campus and enjoyed our lunches while discussing details with the reporter. We are all excited and full of high hopes of what we would experience on our trip. Ultimately my biggest fear was facing giant spiders, seeing as how I have arachnophobia, it was going to be hard for me. Sadly, the photograph for the interview was planned for another day and I had to work.
Yes, I blew him off, unfortunately.
The best thing about unschooling is freedom! The freedom of your mind: The freedom to read what you want, do what you love, be friends with anyone you want, follow your dreams, and to question anything. The freedom of your own time, to pursue what you want. The freedom of being able to live life in the
A support system is important. Rope in a family member or a friend who can help you when there’s a crisis in your new business. They may be there to listen to your grouses only but that contribution is just as important. Remember doing it alone will be tougher so lean on your friends and family.
Of course, the allusion in this case is not to where but to whom - huntin', shootin' and fishin' clients who, having done so over the world over, wanted finally to build a house - a reminiscence, though on the scale of a castle - of cabins they had used down the years.
There was no reply, but bare feet whispered on the floor. Then my bedroom door clicked.
As a member of a bereaved family, Remembrance Day is very significant for me. It is not only a national day of remembrance, it is also a private day of remembrance for me and my family, as it is for all of you.
10. The band "Prelude" had a one-hit wonder with a cover of this song, in 1974
How that’s an appropriate in.the.middle.of.an.already.rushed.morning is sort of beyond me, but before I knew it, I was in my bathroom trying not to splash foundation all over an outfit I’m not even sure I like.
breath his heart
on a platter
North Coast Brewing Co. Ruedrich's Red Seal Ale
Erhard Blum
“I’ve seen a man who has many regrets about the things that he has done. He shows his remorse in his eyes and in his voice and every time we talk. I wish I could take away that pain.”
More prophecies would say,
Any good war stories from touring?
1 lb beef flank steak, sliced thinly across the grain
First he revealed that the lavish living sheikh—the prime minister owns a yacht (the Al Miqab) that cost hundreds of millions to build and maintains a seriously-posh penthouse at One Hyde Park in London—was not the highest bidder for the two apartments. Other bidders included "the founder of a private-equity firm and the founder of a hedge-fund," according to Mister Dedman who also disclosed the highest offer for the two 8th floor units was actually $33,000,000.
Side not: Isn’t et cetera an awesome thing to say? It’s like saying conundrum, chrysanthemum, supercalifragilisticexpialidocious, awry, et cetera et cetera et cetera.
Oh the big one - Entertainer of the year - I'm betting that it's this Blake Shelton dude, he seems uber popular as of late. And nope, The Swift prevails. She's "shocked" as per usual.
Isn’t this how it goes? I make a bowl of popcorn (popped in a pot on the stove with olive oil and butter so you can taste a few burned bits); I adjust all the shades in the living room so the light is just right; and I pop my head into the room where my partner is working.
Allowing Petrino to stay at Arkansas would not have allowed Arkansas to have been a healthy athletics department for long. As described in a GREAT post by Jim Webber at LostLettermen.com, it would have created a massive schism between revenue sports (or at least football) and the Olympic sports staffs. I once worked in a department that suffered interpersonal issues. It is a truly awful work environment and it can’t possibly work.
8 ounces sour cream
lining) inside. Backside of diaper embrodiered with design shown in photo. Diaper has a
While the cowards merely make do with words:
that. It was a different time and place and thank God she isn't in that place anymore.
Pitcher’s mother was struggling. She was not used to carrying a backpack and the terrain was beyond difficult. Her hips ached and the harness was rubbing raw spots on her shoulders. Pitcher had offered to carry her pack but she had refused. Their progress was measured in feet and yards as they weaved their way through the swamp.
-Pre heat oven to 400 degrees F and spray a tray with cooking oil or line with olive oil.
(If life went by your side
After picking out some scraps of pink paper from my stash (some My Mind's Eye and some from Basic Grey's Life of the Party), I layered and used Spellbinders Beaded Squares for the shape of my mat. After running it through my Grand Calibur and embossing, I used a sanding block to sand the embossed edges to reveal the paper's white core. My little magic wand was colored up with Copic markers and I used the Spring Greens, Peony, Lenten Rose, and Dogwood collections. I also used C3 and C1 to color the wand's handle. Add some glitter glue and... ta da! The sentiment "dream" is also from the set. The ribbon is a wired crushed silk that was part of one Flourishes 5th Avenue kit. I added a row of pearls around the beaded square and... fini!
“Why are we here?” I asked after my curiosity overpowered my worry. I’d almost forgotten how frightened I’d been right before Demitri showed up. I wasn’t above accepting help from strangers. Especially from gorgeous dark-haired strangers with hot hands and wide shoulders.
There may be some who are reading this and vigorously shaking their head; this is not true, it's a paranoid distortion!
Oh (got a feelin’ and ain’t got a care)
Scream with FEAR! FEAR! FEAR!
They need to understand that at any time you are willing to pick up a broom and sweep the floor or make the refreshments. Each week volunteers need to see you moving chairs, teaching or doing some physical ministry. Volunteers and staff must know that you are willing learn the bookkeeping or the desk-top publishing or a new data base. You want to be able to venture into the new activities demanded by your ministry.
Last night my shoulder began to hurt. I haven’t done the warm up motion in months; which coincides with the length of time that my shoulder injury hasn’t been an issue. Either I am doing the warm up motion wrong or the warm up motion done correctly exacerbates my shoulder injury.
Please Come Back & Link Your Stick Pin Blog Post In The InLinkz Below Post!
TOTAL $2372.87
1/29: P4 @ 91.5 TSH 1.74 - Beta BFN
“There was lot of consideration on how to use these vents, and on balance people generally felt the way they were installed was the preferred way,” he said.
imagine how the outfit above would look with ropes of black crystal beads,
It’s a tough world out there, getting up to fight the everyday battles of life, at work and at home. Sometimes, you may even feel that you are all alone in your daily battles. This is the time to take a step back and smile at you.
She's chosen.....
I had fun making this little birthday cake for one year old Wynn! I iced the cake nice and smooth with pink buttercream and then went to town with the fondant accents. I cut out the cupcake shapes and the polka dots, and even made a gumpaste plaque and #1 for the second tier / smash cake!
Wow another week already, and today I want to share with you this cute image from the Nellie Snellen range of Stamps- 'Frog on Flower', isn't it just so cute, I have of course coloured with my Copic's! I have kept this simple and just used DP from the Basic Grey -'little black dress' range, Cheery Lynn Designs - Doiley Die - 'English Tea Party' White rose's (one was sprayed with Tattered Angels Glimmermist) these are all available (not the Glimmermist) from Bizzy Bec's on-line Store. The Black flower is by Prima from my LSS.
Vet appointments for microchip, vaccinations, Cretificate of Good Health and (thank god) sedatives: $501
To him, she’s a woman
Basic Chocolate Ganache
Zapiro takes aim at corrupt politicians and businessmen in particular ex-convict turned businessman Kenny Kunene, whose R700 000 birthday bash in October saw sushi being served on half-naked models.
**Super amazing BIG freaking news coming soon about my upcoming Global Journey with Heifer International in 2012 …stay tuned!!
Whatever you choose to drink, just pledge to donate a similar amount to the official Movember movement or make a direct donation to a Men’s Health service of your choice. The TAB or the Pub do not count.
It might be a while before I attempt to make another to go with it (or maybe never) but it fits perfectly in the nook of the stairs and the wall.
It’s hard when you lose
His autocratic ideas affect these people's lives, and he cannot summarily dismiss their requests for an audience or arbitrarily have them arrested for exercising their Constitutionally guaranteed right to peaceful assembly and freedom of speech.
Q. I think I can save some money and do the work myself. What do you think?
There are surprisingly few proper yakitori restaurants in Hong Kong. Places like Sapporo Ramen and Watami offer it as well as other things, and others do full on barbecue, but there’s not many dedicated to the little barbecued skewers. Which is why I was so eager to try Jun Yakitori when I read it was one of the best yakitori restaurants in the city.
And THAT is another angle of food price inflation: Great Value carrots didn’t get any more expensive. I just didn’t get there in time to get the cheaper brand. And so it would cost me more because someone else beat me to those carrots.
Reading the recipe and all it's yummy , decadent frosty goodness and exersizing the required self restraint to not lick the screen is all that is keeping me from addressing an issue with a guest of the firm this morning.
It's sometimes nice to just let the pretty paper do the work for you. I will remember these ideas when I am pressed for time. I think I would definitely round all the edges on this one if I recreate it, though.
So, I will shut up now and let you go to the next blog... but not before I tell you some exciting news...
Think "The Hunger Chronicles meets Percy Jackson", and then -- and I hope I don't lose anyone here -- throw in a little bit of The Firm, because I was reminded of the greatest accomplishment of that first big hit of Grisham's, which was the way he created, twice in that novel, a totally alluring fictional world and then allowed a sense of doom and danger to overtake that world, both in Memphis and in the Cayman Islands.
Whisk the sugar, oil and glycerine together, adding the eggs one by one, until well combined.
Oh wow ! Thank you so much to everyone who joined in with our Anything Goes Challenge last week. We had 1063 entries in all ! You really do rock !! The DT have been working really hard all week to try and comment on all your entries so please forgive us if we may have missed one or two of you out but we are still trying to catch up !!
As painful as you may find this, most people have a negative image of those of us who sell for a living. It’s a fact.
Next up, we sauteed onions, garlic, olive oil, and the delicious sausage until everything was browned.
To stop without a farmhouse near
Thousands of people stand in St Peter’s Square anxiously waiting for the pope to give his blessing to all the Catholics.
My freelance keeps me really hopping, so much so that I haven't had a chance to start on my next novel. This simply will not do, however, as being a novelist is my number one writing priority. So I've cut back a bit on the freelance and have finished doing all my research, plotting, and characterization for my novel. I am so excited by this next story and my characters...this anticipation is one of the best parts of writing!
After that we had coffee and dessert at a place across the street. There were three guys at the table behind us, and I turned around and asked where they were from. The answer was a heavily accented “England.” I immediately lost all ability to think clearly and proceeded to embarrass myself and totally contribute to the idea that all Americans are total morons. I’m not going to record the exact details of that, because I’m really hoping to forget.
You might have noticed that Paul’s relationship with the Thessalonian church is not a one way street. What two things does he ask them to pray on his behalf? How does Paul pray for them?
Regarding drinking, it is a well known fact that heavy drinking is bad for you. Over time it kills your liver, mottles your skin and makes you look old and haggard. In the short term it makes you feel as rough as a dogs arse. For every idiot claiming they heroically knock back 100 units a week, AA has a dozen people on the 12 step program rebuilding their shattered and broken lives. It’s neither big, hard nor clever and far from heroic. At the risk of causing offence the heroes of heavy drinking like George Best, Richard Burton, Keith Floyd, Oliver Reed, are not really heroes. They are sad idiots that ruined their lives and died prematurely. The fact that they might have enjoyed doing just that is neither here nor there
On the downside, when I got home and looked at my seriously painful feet, I found I did indeed have a blister on the bottom of my right heel about the side of a poker chip, and a blister on my left foot near the bottom that was huge. I don't think I really even felt that one during the 20 miles! I can't put any pressure at all on either of them...can't walk on my right heel. For about a half hour after I got home I felt BAAAAD! Then I heated the jacuzzi, and ahhhhhhhhhh!
and even in my depths
Visit HYLIAN REHABILITATION CLINIC!
But you didn’t understand what a squiggly green underline meant. You called the animated paperclip an “asshole” just because he seemed to realize you couldn’t align a fucking page. You clicked for me to go away and never come back.
My card is a very simple one. I matted two patterned papers with pink cardstock, added some brads, ribbon and stick pins and my card was finished.
· Marry A Millionaire: Alluring Amethyst with Multi-tonal Fibers
Wouldn’t you AGREE?
Auditions for the spring musical at the girls' elementary school were held last week. They're doing "The Sound Of Music" this year, and auditions were open to all 5th through 8th graders. Usually the lead roles go to the older kids, but as most of you know, Katie has some pretty exceptional talent - and not surprisingly, she was cast in the lead role of Maria. She was thrilled, of course, and so were we.
The scene below was shot on a helipad of a building at Nuritkum Square in Sangam Seoul. The actors conveyed intense passion and didn’t show their exhaustion despite shooting for a long period of time.
the flowers are on the wallpaper,
Palace have had a shit time of it recently and it still does not look good for my team. This though will not be a post of who is to blame and what went wrong (SJ not getting the ground and playing a silly game with city investors (Agilo)).
1) GERD - GastroesomethingIdon'tfeellikespellingout reflux disease. Technically, he's been diagnosed with this twice. The first time, he was held down while a scope was inserted up his nose and down his throat (SO much fun!) and they concluded that since they saw nothing, he must have reflux. I was still working on my honorary doctorate at this point, and therefore did not make the connection between "we found nothing" and "reflux". However, despite this, he was put on a medication for it - which he promptly threw up - over and over again. He was then put on another medication, which cost us not only an arm and a leg, but fingers and toes too. After no obvious improvement, he was taken off the medicine. Fast forward a few weeks, we held him down as they inserted another scope up his nose and down his throat (which he hated just as much as the first time) except at that point, his esophagus is inflammed, meaning he has silent reflux. Bad news: Silent reflux is worse, because instead of spewing it out he swallows it back down, allowing the acid to burn his throat twice. Good news: Less puke stains on my shirt. Back onto the ridiculously expensive medicine...
The walls were bright yellow, and we went with a very neutral benjamin moore color.
Dynamic stretching- Dynamic stretching is where you use motion to stretch your muscles out. You typically see this in a warm up: the high knees and butt kicks in the warm up of Insanity are the perfect example. It gets the heart pumping and it stretches your muscles for the grueling workout to come.
Interviewer: Don’t you think that the Shiite students who come from Iran might have a political agenda, rather than the desire to strengthen ties?
So what was the point of this? Presumably to get the "human angle". It's another indication of the relentless tabloidisation of the BBC. Instead of being content to report the news authoritatively, we have to suffer the vacuous follow-up, itself longer than the original item, which reveals precisely nothing about the incident, because the interviewee knows nothing.
Really fascinating stuff and when I combine this post with what a little birdie at Google shared with me….well, if you don’t listen you could be left behind the curve. It’s time to stop looking at Google PPC, PLA and GPs as distinct channels and start looking at blended metrics to get a better picture of performance.
And hold him tight
After that date the nearest Mass will be around 70 miles distant, that may not sound too much, I am sure for those souls in Middlesborough, Portsmouth and elsewhere who have similar or even further distances to travel.
I’ve previously written that I, for one, am not a big fan of divination in a sense as a technique to predict the future. Without going onto a rant about the many theories of time and the “future”, I will say that I moreso use it as a tool to read into the unknown.
Anyway, this blog post wasn't supposed to be about how much I love to know K. Andrew, but I needed to take a moment to spotlight her and just let her know that she's a huge reason I keep crafting and I keep blogging. I really do just love her to pieces!
11.Allison's Sacred Harp Singers / Weeping Pilgrim
4) intermezzo
That got me exactly nowhere.
And if you say “zombie” enough maybe they’ll tweet about it.
I am lucky enough to work from home, and my husband works very early morning shifts so we can both usually be with our daughter; but I know unschoolers who take children to work, swap childcare with other unschoolers, or even utilize a good childcare program for part of the day while they make their living. Your child is going to learn no matter where he or she is or what he or she is doing, so why worry? There are so many options available to you if you just look outside the box a bit—which is, of course, what unschooling is all about!
PLEASE CONTACT Juliana Venturini Coimbra @ 407-433-8200, if you can spoil this girl for 2 months!
You can resend your entry. CAREFULLY study the queries posted after you sent yours. Revise your query based on the things you learned from the more recent queries. Send again.
There have been a few refinements to my morning routine this year. All are making me more efficient, although possibly more apparently obsessive. But I like to think of them as Good Changes.
Despite the fact Aaron Rodgers got the most points this week's MVP game ball goes to Percy Harvin. Why?
I had purchased three of these little glass spice jars at the dollar store last summer and they were okay I guess. I only bought 3, so clearly I wasn't too enamoured with them- I just needed a functional container to put my bulk spices and herbs in.
Make no mistake about it — President Obama’s repeated usage of the phrase “freedom of worship” is very deliberate. For many of us, at first glance, the two phrases seem to be talking about the same thing; but we have to accept the Truth – they are very different things, and each time anyone uses “freedom of worship”, they are doing so to send a message to a very particular constituency. Language is critical!! Our Founding Fathers knew this. The “other side” today knows this – so should we.
4: To cut my nails.
But we're looking for playdates for the rest of the week. Anyone else at home?
While each of these people probably needs their own blog post, I decided to lump them together, since Oprah is Tolle’s poster child for his spirituality. There’s no way you’ve never heard of Oprah, but for those of you who don’t know who Eckhart Tolle is, he is a spiritual guru and author of the books The Power of Now and The New Earth. They were wild bestsellers, and I know several people who say that his books changed their lives. Fortunately for Tolle, his books struck a chord with Oprah – whose endorsements often rocket books up the bestseller lists.
Puts on her make-up
With logic like that, Republicans eventually had to fight a Civil War to get the Democrats to give up slavery. Alas, they were Democrats, so they cheated.After the war, Democratic legislatures enacted “Black Codes,” denying black Americans the right of citizenship — such as the rather crucial one of bearing arms — while other Democrats (sometimes the same Democrats) founded the Ku Klux Klan.
Often, when earth has no balm for my healing,
But for me, I can't be waiting four years for something that might happen. Out of all the Bowman Dodgers prospects from the 2008 set that I have, Van Slyke is only the second who has made it with the Dodgers. Dee Gordon (then known as Devaris Strange-Gordon) is the other.
mesti my family members rasa lega. for the past 23 years of my life, my family can finally stop giving me money. =p
TTTAAAAADDDDAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! lol
One more thing, my other daughter won a $100 giveaway on a coupon blog on Thursday. I should have bought some lottery tickets that day!
to a mothers deep love!
Melt the chocolate 3oz at a time. Put them in the microwave for 30 seconds and remove and stir them. Put them in for another 30 seconds and remove and stir. Do this for as long as it takes until the chocolate wafers are melted completely. If you burn the chocolate it will turn into a disgusting waxy consistency so, you know, don’t do that.
1970 BLUE SEXTET aka LEAP INTO HELL (also writer)
Whorton MD, Meyer CR. Sperm count results from 861 American chemical/agricultural workers from 14 separate studies. Fertil Steril 1984; 42: 82-86. 1981; 35: 46-53.
What I did discover is that I was supposed to grow out of them when I was a kid. Why I didn’t is a mystery. Maybe God is partial to my birdie toes.
As I looked back on my little list last month, I found that all of the items (except one) had I ticked off quite naturally, without a lot of planning nor reference to said list. Well how do you like that? I had actually used these ingredients or made these dishes that for so long eluded my dining table. Marvellous.
In the life I that was.
#3. Freedom necessitates constant feedback. Freedom without feedback is paranoia. People without feedback develop personal, self-serving agendas. It’s their only option.
There is one other flaw in the plot line that leaves me confused - or at least having to stretch fitional credulity a little too far for my scientifically inclined mindset. I'll try not to plot spoil folks but the final climax is based on a particular premiss, but that premiss is massive flawed by the timescales of nature. So we have to assume that the Christian Bible is fact for the plot to work - that means the earth is 5000 years old appox, ok even if we stretch that and say the timelines are longer but look at the fact we know humans have only really been around what 200,000 years. However what the baddies seek takes millions of years to form, therefore the timelines just don't compute. Sorry Mr Toyne, it is a clever idea given the ruthlessless of characters in the middle of this but for my little head I was laughing as it is just frankly (to use my word to dismiss stuff these days) tosh. But hey, this is fiction folks so roll with it if you can.
The sect did not cite the region where the media houses are located as a reason for the threats. However, the media houses listed for attacks are based in the South while those given warnings are based in the North.
Tully Sullivan is just like any other suburban mom-except she's just woken up in a strange place surrounded by strange people who keep insisting that they're dragons-and that she's one too.
to remit, much less fill or quell,
Today, my life wasn't proceeding as usual.
Comet 17P/Holmes shocked astronomers on October 24, 2007, with a spectacular eruption. By mid-November the expanding comet had become the most visible object in the solar system—bigger even than the sun. Since then, the comet has faded back into invisibility.
Finally I've decided to reopen the old Power Pop Lovers Blog published simultaneously on wordpress and blogger with the same inputs in order to recover and keep those wonderful albums to enjoy the nostalgic and new discoverers of them.
Now if you were to take all these young hipster librarians and catch up with them in ten years, and see if they're still working in libraries, that might be interesting. That's the real heart of the librarian cliche; the older librarian coming to terms with their dead-end job. Williamsburg no longer welcomes them, so they hang out at home, alone, ordering book-drinks to themselves, "Are you there God, it's me TAN?" All night, every night. Now that's a story!
Travis started to drive out of the parking lot then slammed on the brakes.
We're going to visit boyfriend's family this weekend in Vancouver, Washington. You know, we gotta show Vannie, our bride to be some love in planning her big day with Tony. We're going to practice some more "engagement photo" makeup. The woman doesn't like shimmery eyeshadow (she doesn't care for Jill Stuart shadows!!), can you believe it?! I'm going to practice matte eyeshadow looks on her this weekend using my handy dandy Naked2 Palette by Urban Decay. :)
"purple and white gown", p 181
Modelling/acting
Check out the infographic and let us know what you think about the future of enterprise social communication in the comments.
I took exception to this. “Smith, if people know they have an appointment to be inspected they have time to prepare. They make sure they only present those facets of establishment and policy that show them in an unrealistically favourable light.”
“When people ask me how long I knew Megan was depressed, my answer often varies. Sometimes, I say a year, sometimes five years, sometimes forever and other times I say only for a moment, right towards the end. I try to place my finger on it. Attempt to sort through the mess in my head, carve a path through the clutter and find the minute it all came crashing down. That solitary second that would enable me to place blame, to find a reason, to understand how it all went slip-sliding away from me.
Then there are the ones who prefer slopes so that the water from cleaning the shop front runs away more rapidly......
Designer: “No, Beep Beep!”
in her nasal septum, which could
1. When you sit in your house; that’s pretty obvious and besides surviving day by day with manna and water from the rock for 40 years. They didn’t even have houses yet but God is a promise keeping God. What more would there be to talk about at home? I lived in a tent a wandered around the wilderness 40 years and God promised us a land flowing with milk and honey and here we are in a house I didn’t build eating food i didn’t plant in a city we did not live in. OH WHAT A MIGHTY GOD WE HAVE THEY WOULD SAY!
I’d advise unpublished writers to join SCWBI and read Nicola Morgan’s excellent blog. Develop internal and external armour and refuse to take rejection personally. Cut and polish your work. And make sure your first chapter grabs the reader’s attention.
Oh, he continues.. He's put his glasses on, and no it doesn't make him look any less boring.
whole world in this tiny
Cast : Paul Reiser, Susan Norman, Richard Gant, Annabelle Gurwitch, Roger Rees, Dee Dee Rescher, Charmaine Cruz, Dee Dee Wilkinson, Jennifer Richards, Carlos Allen
For example, the first two questions on the police are: “Were the presence of police officers reassuring or intimidating?” and “Do they seem approachable or otherwise?”
the truth was weak,
And they crossed themselves for fear,
Don't forget that you can check out the newly released "Retired Stamp Sets" list at my ONLINE Stampin' Up! Shop. Just CLICK HERE and you'll go straight there. There are also lots of goodies still available on the "Clearance Rack" there too. Stop by.....you'll be glad you did. :-)
They left us, but they were not part of us, for if they had been part of us, they would have stayed with us. Their leaving made it clear that none of them was really part of us (emphasis added, 1 John 2:19).
1/2 cup vegetable broth (or water + 1/2 a bouillon cube)
Have you ever written something that scared you?
*Never ironing anything
Image of: Avengers showing postponed after projectionist accidentally deletes the entire film
I saw this really cute votive candle holder template on Stempeleinmaleins and wanted to try to make one. I thought it would be fun as a little present or decoration for a baby room. Instead of a real candle, I've used one of those little battery operated votive candles. These come in handy and I bought a bunch of them. Love this template, I think I'll make one for my daughter's room too.
If you crave sugary desserts:
Some comments I got on my outfit last night from some sweet, grandmotherly ladies:
The journalist, who is a regular contributor to Le Monde Diplomatique, points out that since the "rose revolution" of 2003-04, Georgian military spending has effectively been increased by over forty times. The majority of Georgia's arms purchases are financed directly or indirectly from Washington. Salaries for Georgian soldiers have also repeatedly been paid for by American taxpayers.
We don't know if any of the other characters are Methodist, Anglican, Protestant, atheist, etc. and wouldn't know unless that was chosen to be highlighted. His use of "shwartzeh" for black, rather than just saying "blacks" or "negroes" (considering the time), seems as if they are making it more of a slur.
40.723031, 141.328769
He gets her name, address, Social Security number, etc. And then asks, "What's your occupation?"
It has now been about a year since the real No Contact began, which was soon after his return from London. Thinking back, this must have been his strategy to reduce the massive fallout of having an Affair with a very close co-worker. Instead of having to yank the bandage in one swift motion, he chose to peel it a millimeter at a time. It seems that Affairs are very much like a war. Nobody wins and in the end, everyone’s hurt; especially us the Betrayed Spouses. Once bloodshed has started, the Betrayer can only try to minimize the situation whichever way they can. My husband’s Exit Strategy, however he deemed it to be necessary, hurt like a son of a bitch. And the unfortunate thing is, if I had known about some of them while it was happening, I know deep in my heart I would have left him. As part of my survival mode then, I have told myself over and over again that I will never want to be made a fool ever again.
10) That the University should boycott Coca-Cola and stop the sale of it in all its outlets.
If you listened to your dog when you asked it about meaning and reason, then right now you're probably eating cat crap. Do you experience this as pleasant, fulfilling, relevant and survival-enhancing? Then you're happy, and you need to go sit over there and be happy.
Enjoys Outdoors...Lived in a tree for 2 years in protest of logging companies.
I was actually about to make a few cards tonight and am very excited about it!! I will post another card tomorrow and then the next day.
Do you stress knit or stress craft? What's your stand-by project?
One note: I'm not sure if I correctly assigned the Gamelan interlude between tracks 4 & 5 on side A to the correct location (with track 4). The Gamelan sound seems to come in again in track 5 but the only silence I could find was between the Gamelan interlude and track 5. The music is encoded as high quality variable bit rate MP3s and the file includes my own crappy photos of front & back covers. You can get it here. (I'm trying massmirror one more time since they seem to be up again & all of my attempts to post on sharbee failed).
Hot sauce (optional)
Pierre’s big vice was automobiles, and he brought the first gasoline car to Austin in 1903. He had to carry gas, oil, water, and other supplies with him every time he drove the thing. Since there were no auto mechanics in town in those days, he hired someone to go to the car factory and learn how the vehicle operated.
The heavy rain has given way to a misting drizzle, but streams of water pour down from the hills and make new ponds and creeks. It’s chilly with that raw wet feel. This spring is awash in moisture and amazing after last summer’s searing drought. I’m struck by the intense beauty around me, and I thought I was already seeing it, but it’s so much more somehow. The grass seems to shimmer, yet there’s no sun out today, and the meadow is so richly green it’s like seeing heaven.
“There’s been lots of talk about David Cameron bringing finance to British independent films,” Jason told me, “but yet we’re still waiting for that to trickle down to people on the creative side. There are people out there with great ideas and great dreams, but the thing that’s lacking is the investment.
Admittedly, the state of Lutheranism today makes any discussion of liturgy and ecclesiology difficult. I have all but given up discussing liturgy online for this very reason even on the discussion list I began over ten years ago. Some suspect any discussion of liturgy as having an agenda of seeking unity where there is none. Granted, the "Liturgical Movement" of the 20th c. was also an ecumenical endeavor. Others have run away from the liturgy altogether and by doing so have also abandoned Lutheranism and any remnants that might have existed of historic Christian worship. They worship in the "here and now" (some without even leaving their houses!) and are becoming less and less tied to any ecclesiastical desires and concerns while becoming more and more tied with the entertainment industry and its networks. For some, the church is now the "community," a word being used in the names of many churches these days. Today we received a flyer in the church office from a para-church organization which included an endorsement from the "National Community Church." These are strange days indeed.
Luckily town cheered me up- I got some comics, Sons Of Anarchy and about half my Christmas shopping done.
Scoop batter into the paper lined muffin tin and sprinkle the tops with the remaining 2 teaspoons sugar.
The long term benefits of sunscreen have been proved by scientists whereas the rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience, I will dispense this advice now.
He doesn’t change his appearance at the plastic surgeon’s office in order to avoid his persecutors or reality.
When we develop campaigns as marketers we try as far as possible to describe and know the audience(s) we wish to reach. Yet without the means to conduct an extensive ethnography, we rely on artificially constructed focus group sessions and various types of secondary research.
How we punish her.
Our destiny changes with our thought; we shall become what we wish to become, do what we wish to do, when our habitual thought corresponds with our desire. ~ Orison Swett Marden
As atrocities go, delivering inadequate vaccines under false pretenses isn’t obviously worse than, say, systematically kidnapping people and torturing them. But like the decision by Rupert Murdoch’s reporters, in the course of illegally eavesdropping on everyone, to hack into one particular vanished child’s voice mail, the single act is a metonym for the total moral collapse of the people and the system responsible for it. The CIA has now signed off on the murder of Tom Little and Dan Terry and on any future killings of doctors in overt or covert war zones. Now, there is no such thing as a noncombatant.
Manyu is now a pirate, so it's going to be ok.
Come drag yourself down at my whim
♥ In Mecklenburg and five surrounding counties, there are 10 facilities participating in one or more Get With The Guidelines Programs.
Still not a fan of snot-sucking. But really, who is?
The British also supported us in both Gulf Wars and have been stalwarts in the fight against al Qaeda globally. Given the choice between supporting Her Majesty’s Government in defense in the right of Falklanders to self-determination, on the one hand, and giving de facto support to the gangster-government of Argentine president Cristina Kirchner on the other, well, there is no choice, and the Obama-Clinton “evenhanded neutrality” is a disgrace.
“The desert has gained the southern suburb, or so I hear on the radio.”
長女は学校があったので、一緒に行けませんでした。残念！渋滞がひどかったので、ショーが素晴らしいと聞いているのだけど、ショーも見ずにジャカルタへ戻ることに。それも残念。
Every story on Silver Spring Patch provides the opportunity for readers to not only comment, but also to upload related photos, videos and PDF files. The bottom of every page also provides links in order to send in news tips, put an event on the calendar or post an announcement.
Leslie works and works at the lace, it grows larger, but we never see it finished and we never learn what she's supposed to be making, either. It's busywork done to fill quiet hours, perhaps the same emptiness that brought Hammond into her life in the first place. In one of The Letter's most famous scenes, Davis wears a large white lace veil. But it's evident in the many close-ups that the lace couldn't have been made by Leslie. It's much finer and more delicate than anything we ever see her working on. Like Leslie herself, the lace-making ultimately fulfills no purpose.
“When I say same old Tories, it’s not just a slogan, it’s a reality.
What follows in this first post highlights the dangers involved with mishandling atonement theory metaphors and models.
Underlying this thinking is the viewpoint that the Internet has had a democratizing effect that is good for consumers and good for society. The thinking is that it has given the individual more power and more control. I am not so sure. In fact, I am highly skeptical.
She could hear Penelope and Frank still debating something in the bedroom, behind her, behind the closed door, and behind her hair which covered her ears. That Penelope was an odd duck, but she knew she could count on her to help her with her romantic objectives with Frank. Despite Penelope’s comments, she knew it was probably just reverse psychology.
Students will be placed in the Transitional Kindergarten site nearest their address.
The book is about Dell, an overweight teenaged girl who gets bullied and abused, and her life spirals out of control. Didn't Russell Gordon absolutely nail it with the cover?!
Hiya!
What's even better about the Blue Bird is its newely beefed-up tap selection, which jumped from eight handles to TWENTY, and the recent addition of a beer engine means an additional selection on cask. Brewslut and I typically frequent on a Tuesday night, when all draught craft beer pints are only $3.00 (up slightly from $2.75, which they promoted for a looooong time). Still, $3.00 for a pint of Nugget Nectar or Smuttynose IPA? On our recent visit this past Tuesday evening, I was pleased to see the tap list expanding beyond the standard offerings. While they still keep a few light offerings and imports on regular rotation, they consistently update at least twelve of the taps with good local, regional and national craft selections. In addition to the two aforementioned beers, I was delighted to see Southern Tier IPA, ABC Espresso Stout, Victory Prima Pils and Hop Devil (the latter on cask), Stoudt's Carnival Kolsch, Bell's Oberon, St. Bonafice ESB, Otter Creek Spring Bock, and a few others. Not a bad line-up, indeed!
As a young, white male with an affiliation with the creative arts and social anxiety, I am no one’s idea of a minority; I’m another dude with a guitar. Well, almost. It’s how you use that. Coming from a sports oriented school and substance abusing environment, I wanted to disassociate myself from these backgrounds but needed empowerment; some motivation. My interest in punk music grew and discovered the various forms of hardcore, eventually stumbling across Minor Threat, then Straight Edge. While I don’t partake in the subculture’s outlines anymore, I still understand the importance of the ideals and the idealist behind it. Fugazi were the little band that could. MacKaye formed a band that spoke out against rape and showed the world that you didn’t need breasts to be a feminist; that art over commerce can still be sustainable and that an exercising of freedom of speech can beget acts of violent machismo. Fugazi set their rulebook and standards that provoked audiences to question their own actions and influenced a generation of creative groups ranging from The Beastie Boys to Rise Against to preach a ‘Gazi gospel. If you set a standard, people will rise to the challenge.
422910 Farm supplies
in a country you’ve never heard of
PS Here's a list of current Black NHL players. I'm a big fan of Dustin Byfuglien (the only African American currently playing to have won the Stanley Cup. With the BLACKHAWKS =D), Jamal Mayers and Jarome Iginla (Black Canadian, first Black captain in NHL)
All of these films had the same thing in common: women were the focus, sure, but they served the purpose of ambulatory props for the men to move around at will. And that's pretty much all these women did.
This campaign was set in the world of Talislanta (http://talislanta.com/). I titled it The Amazing Race: Talislanta and the premise was two competing parties (Team Love and Team Money) racing across the continent to some unknown land to find a fabulous artifact which, if transported back to the city of Cymril, would earn them a stupendous amount of wealth.
I couldn't understand why he didn't want to kill you too
Rubber Duckie, you're my very best friend, it's true!
shoes: Jimmy Choo
Since your zipper is unzippped (right??) you can then pull your pillow cover right side out.
“Tiffany design is American design,” said Loring, permeating every aspect of America. “Whether the people recognize it as such or not, it’s with them every day.”
Lord Drake Boscastle has everything–smoldering good looks, extreme wealth, and devilish charms. Everything, that is, except true happiness. Hoping to satisfy his growing discontent, he is set to meet one of the most celebrated courtesans in England for a heated rendezvous. But on the scheduled night of pleasure, Lord Drake’s world is turned upside down by Eloise Goodwin, a wholesome, spirited governess with voluptuous curves and a beguiling wit. Even with an experienced seductress willing to satisfy his every need, Lord Drake cannot forget his encounter with Eloise.
Timely Power – Washington is now 4-for-26 (15.4%) on the power play in the playoffs this spring. With four extra-man tallies in nine games, the Caps have certainly not been prolific in that department. But the four goals they’ve gotten have been big ones.
We arrived inAnchoragewith just enough time to see the hearing aid repair man. Within twenty minutes he was able to rebuild that ear with some spare parts he had sitting around. I was so happy I could have kissed him! But I didn’t, of course.
Such horrors charmed quite a few naive galoots,
3 Clijsters, Kim
Apart from visual phenomena, most people can relate to the brain playing tricks when it comes to sound, where, for example, we hear a sound that we are sure is coming from nearby, when in fact the sound is very far away. Or, we hear the sound of a big truck from afar and “earthquake” instantly comes to mind. I can recall an occasion where I had obviously been thinking about somebody and then the phone rang. I was probably subconsciously wishing that the person who called would be the person I was thinking of, so of course, my brain made sure that the voice sounded so much like the person’s, when upon reflection it didn’t..
Lullaby Light-Up Lamb helps little ones develop their minds or drift calmly off to sleep
Why isn’t Jesus’ testimony about himself valid? By “not valid” I take it he means “not quite as convincing”, rather than “not legitimate”?
Or, all day, we drive the wheels of iron
A comment on a previous post about Heinrich Kreische, someone asked if my book, Historic Texas Breweries, had recipes. The answer is that it doesn't. I haven't found any historic recipes. But I do have access to a couple of resurces that can help us out. I hope to revise my book over the winter and add these recipes.
Take it off the flame and serve hot or cold as antipasti or side dish.
Once my garage brewery is complete I think we'll have to name it. Super Spiker Andrew has come up with the best name so far - FatCat's Garage Tap and Baltic Porter Emporium. It has a nice ring to it. Stay with me and once the construction dusts settles I'll start hitting the bottle with you guys again.
I was lead to an anteroom from where I could see them inspect my car through two-inch glass. With heavy Mag-Lites, they went through the cab. They pulled out my old license plates, and my vehicle registration. The blonde robo-redneck popped the trunk, and took a special interest in two book atop my suitcases: “The Looming Tower” about al-Qaida and “The Assassin’s Gate,” about the invasion of Iraq. I had a bookmark in the Looming Tower, and she flipped to that page and scanned it carefully.
Speaking of your new favorite things, we went to the doctor’s office on Wednesday and you got some shots (definitely NOT one of your favorite things) and we found out that the ear infection that you got while your first tooth was coming in (and second-which is here now too) is gone. YAY! After the appointment, we decided to do some grocery shopping and stock up on some stuff we were out of at home (diapers and formula for you, namely). We went into Costco and the first thing I saw when we were walking down the aisles was a little outside swing for kids. I immediately knew your face would light up like the sun if you got the chance to try swinging (you love when daddy makes you fly, holds you upside down, carries you on his shoulders, or throws you up in the air. We always tell people you’re going to be a roller coaster girl). When I saw that it was only $19.99 I couldn’t resist. Daddy agreed and we bought it on the spot for you (along with an adorable Ladybug Beach Towel that I couldn’t resist). Daddy hung it up on our back porch and, sure enough, you are a fan of swinging. We actually left you out in your swing for a bit while we got some stuff done and you were happy as a clam to just sit there as it swung back and forth. Love that big two-toothed smile of yours, lovey.
instead of looking so much for simple disdain.
Notice that Christ doesn’t rebuke Peter for his statement.
How do you display special collections?
getting to know him
Myth No. 7: I absolutely must have life insurance.
The Ifham is indeed a classical Islamic work of polemics, points from it even being raised by Muslims today, but while the Jews, who converted to Islam in the Medieval times, understood the context of their polemical arguments, and therefore brought a high level of discussions forth, Muslims today seem to lack this understanding, only repeating these arguments without really understanding them. This points to the fact that not many Muslims really are studying Judaism on its own terms, but rather – when they study it – in terms of disproving it. This is not wrong of them, many Christians who study Judaism or Islam, or indeed Jews who study the two other religions, have the same approach. I have to point out though that these are examples outside the academic world, where such approaches generally are put aside, and a more open attitude are taken. But even within the academic world we see that there are not many Muslim scholars in Judaism, while there certainly are quite a high number of Jewish scholars in both Islam and Christianity.
I think I’ve yammered long enough. Today is the first day of Spring Break here. Better get some breakfast so I’m fortified for whatever the girls feel like doing today.
My favourite character from the beginning was Mercedes but when Blaine arrived on the scene he became my 1st top favourite. I adore the character Blaine, and this episode 'Big Brother' really did show a different side to Blaine. It showed his vulnerable side and in particular I loved this cover of Gotye's Somebody I used to know.
13. It's Oh So Quiet - Björk, Brass & Me
New this year, a Pocket Guide to the Native Plants of Teton County, WY will be given out free to each attendee. TCD has created this guide to the native plant species found in Teton County and the surrounding areas to illustrate how to utilize them for landscaping purposes. Along with a why and how to use native plants section, there are color photos and 6 characteristics listed for over 100 species outlined in the pocket guide. TCD would like to thank the Teton County Weed and Pest District, the Wyoming Native Plant Society, and Conservation Seeding & Restoration Inc. for contributing to this guide.
and framed up this new wall that
Us: "We're going to hang up and call again."
Unencumbered
Fionnuala
Right after the judge signed the paper Angelo looked at me and laughed! It took everything in my body to stay in my seat and not lounge at him. After all he doesn’t car about Livia this is just about hurting me!
Can you hear the battle cry?
But when Thor relaxes a bit to foreground the visuals, what visuals they are – Asgard is beautifully imagined, down to the subtle mix of modern and historic in the costuming (check out Loki’s amazing horned helm). The 3D, something that I’m generally only a fan of in the service of something as stupid as Drive Angry 3D, is surprisingly understated, highlighting a handful of seriously dramatic images. Branagh has also packed his cast with ringers, from the obvious (Stellan! Sir Tony!) to the subtle (Idris Elba and Colm Feore are perfect in their small roles). Chris Hemsworth acquits himself well, though I did find myself wishing that they’d thrown a couple more members of the Skarsgard clan in there, if just for fun (Alexander would have made a perfect Fandral). In all, it’s a decent popcorn flick, and it will definitely be interesting to see how Thor’s ego will mesh with that of Tony Stark and the other Avengers next May. And maybe Joss Whedon will give us a little less chatting and a little more smiting.
Sunny, I will try now to track you down, but if you read this before I reach you, please contact me with your mailing address information.
Here is a book that I used in kindergarten for guided reading. The students can shadow-write the sentence for most of the book, and then at the end they write their own sentence and draw their own pictures of buttons. I hope your kids enjoy this.
Now that that's out of my system, I do believe that the best action required to alleviate this grievous failure of mine is to - yep, you guessed it - post another freaking writing exercise, Stefers!!!
I'm busy decking the house, inside and out, for my favorite holiday! It always makes me smile when I break out the decorations! I take special pride too when people walking past tell me they always love my Halloween yard display.
3) Steppe softly and carry a big stick.
Why do good people suffer? Or die early?
After several failed attempts to convince their 41-year-old son to leave the nest, a Venetian couple have hired a lawyer in a last bid for domestic peace and quiet, Italian media have reported.
Despite being rather short, I have never got the hang of wearing heels. Enter my new wedges! I am already obsessed and don’t have to worry about falling flat on my face during graduation!
1 slamming
DVD Audio Status: English 5.1 Dolby Digital and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital
His e-mail read like a running commentary of his life. And the question was just perfect. Just Leonard’s perfect, predictable question. He hit the reply button and typed.
Whitcomb says the drones will inexpensively help with public safety and improve crime scene investigations. Currently, officers have to rent King County's Guardian One helicopter or even climb ladders or borrow a fire truck in order to get an aerial view.
Seriously? Come on people!
And so that makes Mary special.
Man is born to trouble as the sparks fly upward.
while that cooks, prepare the other ingredients. chop the parsley, fresh mint if using and the apricots. measure out the pinenuts and spices. squeeze one half of the lemon — you need 1 to 2 tbsp of juice as you will add more to the cooking water. add all these things to the rice and carefully mix. and set aside.
The family-oriented Fun Ford Weekend Series is run by each of the tracks that host the events. Each track creates its own event schedule, racing structure, car show, and if adequate space, will also have autocross competition. The goal of the series is to get as many automotive enthusiasts that have a passion for the Ford brand to participate, celebrate and enjoy the events. For more information on Fun Ford Weekend, visit www.funfordweekend.com.
Stamps, other than mentioned above: Just Rite Smile Set (the sentiment in the inside is actually included in the set also, but it was too small and I wanted it bigger, so I computer-generated it)
Worse still, someone may compare me to Sinead O'Connor, and I am neither bipolar, nor the mother of a handful of children who are all half siblings to each other, and whose living room is a bit crowded come Father's Day.
He tugged on my hand and led me to the house. He stopped by the wood pile and faced me. Too close. I’d forget again in a heartbeat. I looked up at him and he looked down at me. The dark surrounded us, a blanket hiding us from the world.
And sadly, I can.
Dear Google Alerts,
Raw food? Doing well. I did have my first cooked meal in a month yesterday, but I decided it was best to make it a vegan meal. I love Indian food, so I chose to go to Chutney's Grille on Capitol Hill. Their write up's talk about how they use fresh produce and make everything from scratch. It was quite good for taste, but I will admit it didn't make me pine after cooked food. I only pined over the leftovers of my Saag Chole (spinach with chickpeas) and rice because it was delicious. I also had a tomato based bisque soup with summer veggies. Very tasty too, though it was a bit hot for my mouth now that I'm getting used to cooler foods. My glucose did as before when I had a cooked dinner, by lunch I was in the 200's, but normalized quickly. So, I'm still off all diabetes meds, with a smile and a "yatta ta ta" dance.
(photo: rose of sharon blossoms drifting in a pond)
Yes, it may be difficult to replace them.
And the more I think
I know that it's also a perfect skewer to bring to a new years eve party. I didn't freeze the mojito-skewers as was written in the recipe of sis.bloom, because it's already freezing outside (ahum), but it is cold.
Instead, he glanced at Taslin, settling his explanation into careful order. Then, without breaking stride, he said, "Dora's first tease implied I might be attracted to you, Taslin." He turned his face back to the path as he stumbled over the Gift-Giver's name.
falls from the sky
When the berries are almost ready, prepare the whipped cream. Use an electric mixer to beat the cream, vanilla, and remaining tablespoon of sugar in another medium bowl until soft peaks form.
The Legend Carries On
This holiday season, please, stop killing yourselves. If you need an excuse, please please PLEASE, make it your gift to me. Stephanie is knitting mittens for an army, Alison always expresses her love in stitches, and I know that more than a few of you reading are scrambling to find a way to get all of those gifts knit, crocheted, woven, or sewn.
But one of the best things I know was chatting with Howard on the telephone. Some people, perfectly pleasant in person, are not so good on the phone. They go on too long or hang up too soon, are too discursive but do not properly listen, or simply don’t think of certain interesting things they would have brought up in a tete-a-tete.
- Being in beginner’s mind allows us to perceive things freshly, see media with fresh state of mind and tapping into a sense of well-being or authenticity.
EAST BRUNSWICK, N.J.—I was originally going to post a dual review of Edgar Wright's Scott Pilgrim vs. the World (2010) and Todd Solondz's Life During Wartime (2009) just before I headed out with my family to Yellowstone/Grand Teton. But the review took longer than I hoped, and I decided against working on it during my vacation—'cause, you know, it's a vacation after all.
Diamond Studs
Would be too much for us to take.)
Some internet communities have expressed concern about Bowden’s inability to not be a larger than life Southern man whose colorful idioms and creative fashion sense have made him a college football icon. Several message boards have pointed towards Bowden’s promise to find “the right hat and shades and headset that’ll really bring out the character” as evidence that the 77 year old coach is not serious about the role.
Annie, if not the best, is certainly the most well-known photographer alive today. As you may have gathered from Willie Nelson there, she knows how to make you look good, which is why she is the busiest portrait photographer in the world today. Annie began taking photos when she was moved around military bases that her father was stationed at. After college where she studied painting she took on a variety of jobs around the world but continued taking photos. When she returned to the U.S. she got a job at Rolling Stone and the rest is history. Every major portrait of the last 40 years or so was taken by this woman. Pregnant Demi Moore on Vanity Fayre? Yup. Naked John Lennon on Rolling Stone? Yup. Half-naked Miley Cyrus? Yup. From the The White Stripes to the Queen she’s shot them all (not literally of course). If you’ve had a photo taken by Leibovitz you are the member of an elite club, i.e. You’re famous. These days she is known for her more extravagant shoots dressing people as mermaids or creating peculiar fantasy scenes with numerous A-Listers. Most notably she did those Guys/Girls of Hollywood covers with pretty much every single name in the hollywood book on the cover. Only Annie can do that. I watched an interview with the commissioning editor of Vanity Fayre who said “What Annie wants Annie gets. Her shoots can cost close to millions of dollars but they’re worth it. Put a Leibovitz on the cover and you triple your sales”. There aren’t many photographers who can say that. Annie is also, yet again for a leader in their field, by all accounts a complete bitch. She’s a Jewish Lesbian which has probably made her somewhat hard-nosed over the years and having spent years in an ostensibly male business she would have had to up her game and develop a thick skin. She is notable for firing assistants on set and scrapping entire shoots for silly reasons. She has also seen a fair amount of tragedy in her life so to be honest, being a bit of bull-headed business woman is to be expected and she certainly wouldn’t have got where she was by letting things go. But all this is fairly irrelevant. The woman takes a fucking impressive photo. Just look at Willie there. All she’s done is turn his back to her and look what you get. You’ve really got to have an eye to take that kind of photo and make it work. The right equipment helps I imagine but to be honest when you could have your pick of any camera you still have to have a good shot to use it on. A good business head will only get you so far and Annie is just a damn good photographer.
Quality: FLAC (tracks+.cue) + Scans
. . . he wants to walk down the "stairs". he sees sister do it; why shouldn't he?! but he doesn't take steps, he doesn't scoot down on his bottom. he sort of jump/slides down each step, two feet at a time, while holding my hand and the banister. he thinks this is awesome.
Everything He takes was his to begin with, so he can’t steal from me.
And I'm hooked. As in, convinced.
So there you have it. Please take your award and pass it on. And, thank you again, Orea.
This chick bakes. And she bakes well.
Directed by Andrew Rossi, who applies a journalistic, fact-gathering approach, the film focuses on a few individuals that give the paper its essence today. One of those is David Carr, a former drug addict who turned his life around at the age of 31 and has become one of the paper's finest reporters. Carr has a unique sense of humor to say the least. He's self deprecating, but he's also ready to pounce on someone who makes fun of him or his paper. At times he comes across as a smart ass, know-it-all, but in the final analysis, he's very loyal to his friends and his bosses and is one helluva reporter and writer.
I was nervous about meeting someone I’d met online. I took as many precautions as I think one can, but when it comes down to it, you are still meeting a stranger. On the other hand, if you meet a guy in a club one random night and then go out on a date with him, is he any less of a stranger? I think not. Just in case Fireman turned out to be a serial killer though, I gave a close friend my itinerary for the evening. I’m not really sure that would matter if he was, in fact, a serial killer. But I felt better about it.
I think this is what they call "writer's block." Anyone with solutions to un-block me?
Furthermore, the understanding of potential risk and damage is implicit in the continuing push to limit liability by corporations and countries wishing to sell nuclear power plants. It is important to note that the single nuclear accident in Fukushima is estimated to cost $250 billion, or more. These large estimates of damage pale in comparison with the Rs. 1,500 crore ($300 million) limit of liability in India which the foreign providers find unacceptable, and whose objections the Govt is apparently trying to
This series of posts will show how I made four condiment totes for a local restaurant. I'm going to show most steps from rough wood to finished product as many of my readers are beginners and haven't made projects this way.
Seven years ago, I was at my bar, when two men entered the bar. They were my new neighbours, They were coming to introduce themselves. Their names were Pablo and Jose, they were from Cuba. We became really good friends soon. Some time later, Pablo and Jose invited me to visit Cuba. I accepted immediately. They asked me to lend them only the essentials and a bicycle. ‘A Bicycle?’ ‘Yes, we will go for a ride around the country. We do that whenever we go to Cuba, It’s fun.’
FRENCH WOMAN: "Thank you! To enter, you have to buy my friend and I a plane ticket."
What with looking after two children under 3 I don't have a lot of time to brew these days so, in order to finalise my recipes for my new venture, I'm now brewing at night. Last night I racked the last Green Bullet beer (which tastes pretty good) and brewed a fairly standard bitter.
The problem is enormous.
Herbert Morrison – as Labour Leader of the London County Council, oversaw the great slum clearances of the 1930s improving Londoners lives for the better, working with Local Authorities, and often in the teeth of Central Government opposition. As a Labour minister, worked with Nye Bevan to create the NHS, which was initially modeled on locally accountable provision for local needs – Bevan’s ideas for its growth envisaged the Health Centre at the heart of the community, and Community Health Councils – an extension of Municipal Socialism.
In this episode, OCD detective Adrian Monk (Tony Shalhoub) is hired by a rapper (played by Snoop Dogg) to prove he didn't murder his rival. The show's trademark "summation" scene takes place onstage—when the crowd tries shouting down Monk, the rapper steps up to reveal the summation in his own way. The episode also included Snoop Dogg performing the opening theme.
For one month, the family of Naser Al Raas did not know of his whereabouts or even if he was alive. They knew that his last movements were in the airport because he talked to a friend by phone just before his scheduled departure. However, for the next four weeks, the Bahraini government denied all knowledge of the Canadian man.
“And the smell,” she continued, pausing for emphasis as she described how Mamie would soak the chickens’ lifeless bodies in the sink so it was easier to remove the feathers. “It filled the entire kitchen. But it was nothing compared to the time I had to eat…(dun, Dun, DUN!)…pig knuckles!”
Amber looked at the closed garage door and then back at him.
anew.
...cheese Pringles, I've been hungry for them and hubby is keeping me supplied.
But, just for the heck of it, I’m going to try to address some of them anyway.
1/2 cup flour
We really need to get back to Dozo sushi here in Lincoln again sometime too. So will have to do that. I think we could have sushi every day! ha!
We have a peace treaty of sorts in place now.
But O as to embrace me she enclin’d
My plan for today was to make a quick card for this week's Less is More challenge, which is '3 shades of green'... for some reason my first card wasn't playing nicely and took me hours to finish, so I made a couple of quick ones after that - just so I didn't feel like I'd completely wasted the day!
How do you see things?
I took a few photos of the sights in our backyard last night:
Forget about it, just forget about it.
Drug: Rituximab
I remember watching TV one day while my dad was in the shower and my mom was still at work. I was seven. Some strange man came in the front door and said, “Hey, Kel Belle. Where’s your dad?” “Um…in the shower….who are you?” “Oh, okay, well just tell him Bill came by.” And he took the Sears catalog from my mother’s house and left. I told my dad when he got out of the shower. He will forever be known to me as “The Robber.” My dad’s best friend.
Funtcase
A tablecloth. Yes. A 16 dollar Homesense tablecloth.
1/2 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro
Followed by European men in funny scarves pointing classic film cameras at other photographers in Perpignan.
The murdered man's Toyota Tazz, which was stolen during the robbery, was found abandoned near Fisantekraal.
Vegetable broth- 3cups
Is there an app for that? Why not?
South Africa is a society based on corporate greed: The world is a technological giant. Technology is in place to make the lives of billions of people even better. South Africa’s corporations have not yet begun to understand that value for money + customer satisfaction = more profits. Companies here still believe that they have to anally rape their customers, and it is accepted as ‘the way things are’. Let me put this in perspective. In the UK, for the princely sum of £10 per month (approx. R120) you can have 3G internet bandwidth. Unlimited, unrestricted 7.2Mbps bandwidth. You can get a 50Mbps internet line installed at your home, and they will throw in a phone line with free national calling and cable/satellite TV package with over 300 channels. This will set you back about £80 per month (About R1000). Installation is done within a couple of days, and if they don’t turn up when they say they will, you get apologies, and free shit to compensate. Corporations in the developed world can somehow afford to make their shit affordable to the masses. You could argue that there are more people in somewhere like the UK, and therefore it’s easier to market to the masses, but the simple fact is there aren’t THAT many more people in the UK than in SA. So how do British Telecom, Virgin Media, Sky and all of the other giants make these unlimited bandwidth options available to the masses? Well, it’s because they make customers happy, and they compete. As a result, the subscription figures are higher, and justify the investment in bandwidth. Europe doesn’t know what ‘capping’ is. 3 litres of milk at the 24 hour Tesco supermarket will set you back about £1.50 - that’s CHEAPER than here in SA. What is more shocking is that Biltong, a typically South African delicacy, is now available in UK supermarkets - at about HALF THE COST that you can buy it here - where it is made! When something goes wrong, the consumer has recourse. In South Africa, the customer is a turd to be cleaned up and flushed away. In business, we are expected to step on and destroy our fellow human beings, because we want more for ourselves personally. We are so primitive that we have not yet grasped the concept that we CAN act morally and ethically, and still make a healthy profit.
I have set up a new page today called March Momentum - yes that really is the best I could come up with. Today I have only had one slice of bread as a sandwich and I will be reverting to wholemeal pitta for my lunch in future. Right I'm off to work out to the biggest loser and begin the March Momentum.
Jimmy and I ended up staying and visiting for an hour or so. We had fun! Jimmy got to play with the dogs, and we watched a bit of Madagascar 2 on Blu-Ray (SWEET!), and just had fun hanging out.
These cake pops are so popular, I so far keep forgetting to get photos of them before they are all gone! I'll keep working on that. For now, please accept this shot, taken by Angie Dudley, a.k.a. Bakerella.
This yellow dress is eye-catching, but not the best I've seen;
I want to start with a disclaimer just to keep anyone from getting in a tizzy and jumping to the defensive: I think Weight Watchers is a great program. It helps a lot of people lose weight and keep it off. That’s wonderful. We have a serious issue of obesity in this country and I am happy to see something that helps people move in a positive direction.
Just another day at the office.
ESPECIALLY you, Michigan…
This is a very important change because in essence Target is saying that you can not use a second manufacturer coupon when you are using a BOGO manufacturer coupon. You can use a second Target coupon though. So this means that scenarios like the one below will not be allowed (the coupons mentioned are just for illustration purposes, they are not actual coupons)
Ah well.
* The previously mentioned cost of writing the book, editing it, designing the cover, etc.
Persecute
Licence
Morning session will be topic-specific training related to youth development, awards and experiential learning. Afternoon session will give participants the opportunity to practice what they have learned with mock-interview judging with youth.
So… here we go!
2 pounds kangkong or spinach
The IPKat is delighted to welcome this first post in the second series of Katonomics, hand-crafted by the IPKat weblog's resident Katonomite, Dr Nicola Searle. in a cunning attempt to introduce intellectual property enthusiasts and scholars to the murky world of economics. Nicola's subject this week is one on which this Kat freely confesses he has never read anything even remotely economics-oriented: trade secrecy. To discover the secrets of this subject which Nicola boldly shares with us, read on:
Finally she said, "He's mad about Dolly."
this part of the story.
So with little sleep we all trundled off to Hyde park.
So much gong on right now with getting organized for our newsletter. All the great articles are in and my freinds in Edmonton have put it together , will print and ship it out so i can mail them out with the tax receipts.
Salt to taste. I find it needs a lot of salt to bring out flavor but you could always start with less and add as you go.
Whatever is a pretty inclusive word. Whatever you DO….whatever you SAY, do ALL in the name of the Lord Jesus.
My name is in God’s book of The Living! To His glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
The Human Jungle (Extended Version)
One night, in the village of Haliolo, I slip into a long house to broach the matter of cannibalism. It’s the Melanesian version of a stranger walking into a saloon: firelit faces peer impassively through the smoke, and the blues-like strumming of a home-made guitar ends abruptly.
Truly, I am not worthy.
Mr. Stansberry offers a solution to this so-called dollar crash.
Every year in order to strengthen, equip and encourage my relationship with my wife I read a book on marriage. This year I read Gordon MacDonald’s 1980 volume, Magnificent Marriage. The age of a book for me is not typically an issue—I love old books, read them all the time, and in fact I have a thorough disdain for the new as the new in pretty much all its forms. But in this case I mention the publication year because it is relevant: age has not been kind to MacDonald’s book. I found it dated, boring, and on the whole unmemorable. In fact, I am tempted to suggest as an alternate title for the book, Mediocre Marriage.
“Parker!” One of the rookies jumped at the sound of Johnson’s bark, blushing beet red at having been caught studying the artwork that adorned the walls. “Get your rookie ass over here.” He rushed over to stand in front of him, slipping briefly on the glossy wood floors. He righted himself, looking down at what he could have slipped in. Johnson bent down, marking the spot for the CSI team to follow. But a closer glance told him what he needed to know – semen.
Why did they start in the first place?
As space was at a premium I made some from old bags, planted with tomatoes and jalapeno peppers
"The change prioritises doing the right thing over looking and sounding tough," he said. "Reforms which will give the UK one of the most child-friendly immigration systems in the developed world."
Tamarind extract – 1 tablespoon
We are lucky that a few times a year grandmas LOVE to take the Littles for days at a time,
Check out your EcoFootprint! Have you taken the quiz to see what your carbon footprint is? Many of us, myself included, are unaware of how our daily actions impact the environment. I like to think that I’m environmentally conscious and doing positive things, but we would need 3.51 Earths if everyone lived my lifestyle! From here, you can start a discussion with your student about different activities you can do to decrease your footprint.
In the era of globalization, freedom must either advance or it must give way to the forces of darkness. And to those who cannot believe that a civilization as mighty as the Western and European civilization can simply collapse and humanity regress to some state of semi-barbarity — who cannot imagine that we can lose our technical accomplishments, our knowledge, our science, our humanism, that we can go back to hunger, illness and early death — just look at what happened to the Roman Empire.
These same people encourage interracial relationships, in the full knowledge of their failure rate and the huge numbers mixed race children living in single families due to the disproportionately high numbers of absent black fathers not to mention the increased risk of violence and the inevitable genetic effect miscegenation has. It is not racist to point out that once a child is born of a mixed race couple, a genetic line is changed irretrievably. Given that the promotion of mixed race unions is just one of a vast series of assaults upon the racial integrity of white Europe, only those deliberately and stubbornly blind to what is going on can not detect a deliberate common purpose.
Pre-heat oven to 400F.
ES: About 3 years ago.
Yes, we have no shortage of things to be doing to prepare our home and our lives for four more. We need to paint, re-arrange rooms, buy beds, mattresses, pillows, bedding, car seats, clothes, shoes, talk to schools and doctors, somehow find another $15,000 in just a few months... the list goes on. It's overwhelming, to say the least. I have tried to make it fun. I have tried to concentrate on those things, instead of how much I miss my kids. I have tried to tell myself that every single day that goes by is another day closer to having them back in my arms. I have really, really tried. And I suck at it. I can't pretend that I'm okay, because I am so not okay. I can't focus. I can't think clearly. I can't accomplish anything. I cry all of the time. My mind understands that this is just a (really sucky) part of the process. But my heart doesn't care. My heart just wants my kids to be home. This is depressing you, I know. Sorry about that.
This all gets more complicated than I can sort out. I’m not a professional philosopher or theologian, so I do not have the language for sorting. I’m not sure whether thinking about my (or your, or the) “self” is the same as thinking about the “soul.” I am, however, drawn to Augustine’s concept that the
If you are one of the drivers unfortunate enough to be involved in an accident this year, do you know what to do on the scene and in the days following the accident? Do you know when you should move your car out of traffic and when you should not?
We're going to try and build up this magazine this year and I'd be honoured if you all came along for the ride.
And when the only thing you hear is …
He lived to see not only benefits extended to same-sex partners of federal employees, but also the end to Don't Ask Don't Tell, allowing gays and lesbians to openly serve in the military.
Most obviously, the Lucky Lab beers are hoppy. Even those without a lot of bitterness have layered hop character, starting with the nose and lingering after each sip. Hawthorne’s Best Bitter, the brewery’s best-selling beer, is a good example. With a mere 26 BUs, it is nevertheless densely citrusy from liberal Cascade hopping. More subtly, the beers all have a hard-water quality reminiscent of the beers produced by the famous waters of Burton-upon-Trent (though Lucky Lab beers are brewed with gentle Portland city water).
“26 years of nothing… And now this” speaks Jonan under his breath, and then throws the candies all in his mouth.
I’m told our home computer is getting too full, that it has memory problems. Since I can relate to both of these issues on a personal level, I told my wife and son — the two resident computer experts in my home — that I’d do what I can to help.
Not a hater. And not a freaky deaky dude inquiring about how exceptionally soft and supple your feet and legs might be.
I'm at it again, playing with my photos, in search of the elusive 'perfect' picture setup....if such a thing exists. Photo taking has always been the bane of my existence. However, I vow to master it some day! This time I tried a black background. I have long given up on white backgrounds....I can never get them white, they're always blue or grey, and I don't have the expertise to use something much fancier for photo editing than the picture editor that comes with my computer. So here it is, what do you think? I was concerned the black may be too much, but I think it goes with my look, don't you?
There is supposedly a sequel in the works, with Keanu Reeves attached. I don’t know how it would work with the ending of this film, but revisiting this piece of junk makes it obvious that they left it open for a sequel. (Even though the character is supposedly dead) In all actuality, after the total abomination that is the Wachowski’s Speed Racer, I really don’t want to know.
Therefore, we have to put up filters for our information, so that we know what deserves our time and energy and what does not. One of those filters is considering where the information is coming from. If you read a blog by someone without children who is giving out practical advice on how to raise children, you might not want to do too much with that information. If there’s a fellow employee at work who’s always giving you second and third-hand information who tells you the company is downsizing, don’t start packing up your desk. See, the person from whom the information comes goes a long way in helping you determine what you should do with that information.
Dr Bonshek has expertise, in the areas of creative endeavour, the visual arts, design and digital media, higher education, and personal development and has worked and lectured in the USA, England, India, Cambodia and Australia. She has received awards from the Royal Society of Arts, the Science Policy Foundation (UK), the InterSociety for the Electronic Arts (ISEA), the National Endowment for the Arts and the Iowa Arts Council (USA), and has been a Visiting Fellow at the University of Tasmania, Jane Franklin Hall.
8. Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
Together, reaching up to our clear sky
an unhealthy body is when you don't care enough about yourself to take care of your body. The way to a healthy body is through
Mark Dennis was always a bit of a bad boy. So much so that he had been sent oﬀ 10 times in a 10-year career by the time he'd reached the age of 26. But then he really started to test the authorities' patience.
2. To lose all my baby weight.
Canon PowerShot SX120 IS Reviews
I was out for my daily walk the other day with my two girls. It was a nice warm day and as we walked past a car I noticed that the person had left their plastic water bottle in the front - you know, right in front of the stereo where most people stick their bottles. I wondered if that person was going to drink the rest of the water in that bottle or reuse the bottle. I hope not. Why you ask? Well plastic bottles especially when reused or exposed to heat will release chemicals from the plastic water bottle into your drinking water. These chemicals including phthalates and BPA are proving to be very dangerous to your body as basically they are endocrine disruptor's. Doesn't sound good and it's not.
I’ve tried many times to change that part of me. To think more with my head than my heart. But everytime I do, I feel myself always reverting back to trusting my heart in the long run. A big heart can be a blessing and a curse. I care so much that I tend to worry a lot about the people around me. And I think that might end up scaring people in the long run, or even possibly ruin a relationship. I know in my head, I’m just doing what feels natural. Worrying about someone for me is something good… If I don’t worry about you, that means I don’t care. I feel like if I’m not concerned about your well being, then you’re not really a big part of my life. I get baffled when people tell me that I shouldn’t worry about them esp if they play a big role in my life. They should be happy that I worry because worrying is one quality that most people lack. People don’t worry enough and it makes you detached. But it’s true, there needs to be a balance
More than 70 U.S. aircraft have supported the operation, including Predator drones.
The Eating Disorder Services at Aurora Psychiatric Hospital approaches an individual’s eating disorder from a biological, psychosocial and psychological focus. Understanding the complexity of the illness, theAuroraPsychiatric Hospital’s program helps individuals develop the skills to take better care of themselves from a nutritional, emotional and social perspective. One of the initial steps is to address the physical needs of a patient. “When someone enters the program, they are experiencing a lot of anxiety regarding food,” explains Anne Sprenger, RD, registered dietician withAuroraPsychiatric Hospital. “A dietician meets with them at the very beginning of their treatment to initiate the process of re-feeding them. We set nutritional goals and help them develop personalized steps to work toward those goals.” The program is customized to each individual. Food allergies, and religious and cultural preferences are taken into consideration. Initially the meals are planned for them, but as individuals progress they become actively involved in understanding how to select healthy choices. “Education is a vital component of our nutritional services,” continues Anne. “We need to get our patients the correct information regarding nutrition, explain how they can take care of themselves from a nutritional perspective and give them the support they need to get back on track with eating healthy, balanced meals.” As clinically indicated, patients can participate anywhere in the full continuum of inpatient, partial hospitalization or intensive outpatient programs. An individual’s needs are taken into consideration when trying to find the most cost-effective approach to deal with an oftentimes lengthy process. All options include psychiatric treatment, group and individual therapy with a general emphasis on cognitive behavioral therapy and dialectical behavioral therapy; education groups; family involvement; relapse prevention, in addition to the nutrition program. “Despite the outward physical appearance of some eating disorder sufferers, the toll taken on the inside is far more devastating,” explains Sandra Blaies, LCSW, supervisor of Eating Disorder Services atAuroraPsychiatric Hospital. “The Eating Disorders Program offers a wide variety of complementary therapies ranging from art therapy, mindful yoga and food challenge experiences to help patients learn how to identify and express their feelings or emotions.” In addition, family involvement is an integral part of a patient’s care. Family education and support groups for the family and friends of patients provides both the education they need to support their loved one, as well as gives them a channel through which they can address their own fears and frustrations. “In our program, families and friends are considered a valuable resource in the recovery program,” addsSandy. Indications that someone may have an eating disorder range from binge eating or food restriction, to self-induced vomiting, abusing laxatives or diet pills, a preoccupation with food, calories, nutrition and/or cooking, crash dieting, denial of hunger, perfectionism, extreme weight loss or low body weight.
Hello again Faithful Readers. (all five of you) That’s how Stephen King starts out some of his intros (minus the “all five of you”, his would be, “all billions of you”). Just giving a little shout out to an author who inspires me. This post is not going to be a ghost story, rather, a love story about a ghost story. So, basically, it’s just me rambling on… You should be used to it by now.
The report draws on more than 40 data sources to test progress on the government’s “three pillars” of the big society: enabling people to shape their local area, opening up public services provision to charities, and levels of “social action” such as volunteering. It finds:
We were pretty beside ourselves. We didn't expect a tour of the house so imagine when he asked if we wanted to see inside the garage! I think I might have pinched myself at that point to make sure I wasn't dreaming. LOL
Step 1: Core and slice the apples into 8 slices each. I prefer peaches, but the store didn’t have any, so I went with apples.
“I was at Rick’s apartment at midnight. And when forensics finishes checking out his place, they’re going to find my hair and other assorted things.”
before we put up the big white arbor back there
7. Jericho (Myers-Robin)
"Joseph" isn't really painting here... that wall he is pretending to paint is a rotating panel that has three sides (so that they could change scenes quickly and easily)
Slander is the oral communication of false statements that are harmful to a person’s reputation. If the statements are proven to be true, it is a complete defense to a charge of slander. Oral opinions that don’t contain statements of fact don’t constitute slander. Slander is an act of communication that causes someone to be shamed, ridiculed, held in contempt, lowered in the estimation of the community, or to lose employment status or earnings or otherwise suffer a damaged reputation. Slander is a subcategory of defamation.
Before acting, he worked at cutting tobacco. His cousin Miguel, son of his aunt Rosemary and Jose Ferrer, got him a job as a movie extra.
The other cool thing about these built-in videos is the way they’ve based so many of them on things in the real world. Earth Online is packed full of little in-jokes like that, but these machinima especially. For example, there’s a series of pretty lengthy films obviously based on the actual adventures of Harrison Jones. (For anyone new to Earth Online, by the way – totally check out the first three if you can find them, they’re really well done. But the fourth one, seriously, don’t even bother. I have no idea what they were thinking. I mean really, ETHEREALS?) Or, they have another series of machinima about these giant mechanicals, where the main villain is obviously supposed to be a reference to Negatron out in Netherstorm.
With the incredibly beautiful exceptions of those with whom we form mental connection, trust, lifelong love and appreciation, within any and all species, that other world, the World Beyond, is nowhere. A huge meaningless void of false urgency on its way into oblivion. Remember your job, its the only job that is worth doing because there is nothing else. If you can possibly imagine anything more thrilling than living your true purpose, I'd like to hear about it.
Do they know what they have lost, what has been stolen from them and their children? does their delightful grandmother know that the land of her birth is no more? If they do, they will not say so, as if, like the wolf at the door, to acknowledge it is there means it will finally come in.
(Overkill, but I had to post these three shots of mother and daughter too. Burstyn and Blair's rapport is just beautiful.)
111 Moloko Lotus Eaters (Ashley Beedle's Funk In Your Neighbourhood Mix)
A big thanks also to our guests who created with their energy a very pleasant atmosphere and made this event even better because of that.
Lasagna meet (play with this as much as you want! I am only putting an ingredients list as quantities is up to you!)
Tip #2: Be Ready to Roll with the Punches
I was in for more than a few shocks upon my return to the US , but my own cultural readjustment pales in comparison to the changes that non-governmental organizations (NGOs), aid agencies and governments are making in response to new developments in developing countries. Actually that’s not the whole story; it’s really a two-way street, where unprecedented innovation is happening both from the top-down and from the bottom-up. The result is a total paradigm shift.
Before too long, she gets him to spill the beans about his vampire-ness, and they fall in love despite her mouth-watering aroma.
Maybe four days later, I had very 3 rough drafts to choose from. I picked the first one, as it gave the best indication of where we were headed. I gave her my feedback so she’d know where to go from here. She warned me how difficult fire is, especially with her very tight schedule, so I started the great search for istock photos. After I emailed her a small novella with my thoughts, including several links to photos I’d found that might work for our purpose, she spent another week on the second drafts.
Amongst the things left on the allotment is a poly-tunnel which has 3 young vines in. We are still deciding whether this stays or goes.
As far as drinks are concerned hot chocolatemilk is popular for the children and mulled wine for the adults.
We would love to see you this weekend and really when ever you feel like popping over for a chat in our new chat room.
Add the remaining ingredients, drop the heat to a medium-low, and it should thicken after three minutes.
And we know that for those who love God all things work together for good for those who are called according to his purpose. For those whom he foreknew he also predestined to be conformed to the image of his Son…
Your dirty little Prince wanna grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind
I don't blame her...
Australia’s Life Pilot
First of all, on par with the other experiences I’ve read about, customer service was excellent. I ended up contacting them a number of times for various reasons. One issue I contacted them about was sizing on the website. When I first started considering Wahat Aljalabiya, as I recall, they had specific garment measurement info posted on each item. However by the time I actually got around to ordering (I take a long time to decide on things…plus that stressful month got in the way), this was gone, and instead they had launched a new size chart which gave approximate person-measurements, the corresponding typical US/UK/Europe clothing size, and what size (S, M, L, etc) this corresponded to in jalabiya sizes. Also they no longer listed length information.
The people of Luton are calling for all the scum that turned out that day to dishonour our armed forces to be given an ASBO that bans them from our town centre 24 hours a day and 7 days a week!
For the first time in a while, some actual writing. Here is a poem:
Of the 223 state employees with criminal records, the majority - 166, or 74 percent - were employed in national departments, while 57 (26 percent) worked for provincial departments.
3. How can you make a gay man scream twice?
Virginia Woolf’s A Room of One’s Own begins with lunch. Novelists, she observes, might write about meals, but “seldom spare a word for what was eaten.” So she furnishes her meditation on education and living in the margin with an extended description of dining at a men’s college. She revels in the radiant, animating provisions set before the men, the serenity of the fish dish, the poise of the sauces, the rise and sparkling fall of desert. Good food fuels a casual, naturalised intellectual bonhomie amongst the fellows:
In the end, ambition may be what killed CABIN for this viewer. The horror genre is wide and varying in terms of its sub-genres. Films like SCREAM and BEHIND THE MASK: THE RISE OF LESLIE VERNON (hell, even 1981’s STUDENT BODIES) work better as satire because they don’t bite off more than they can chew – the focus in these films is on the slasher sub-genre. SHAUN OF THE DEAD sticks to the zombie sub-genre. Even the decidedly more slapstick films in the SCARY MOVIE franchise had the good sense to limit what each parodied. Here, Whedon and Goddard cast their net far too wide and ultimately fail to rein in the promising first two-thirds of the film. Honestly, I kept waiting for the
Because sometimes less is more.
Stay tuned for the inaugural installment - to be worked on and hopefully be completed today :)
OK so I will sum up the situation between me and my ex. Let’s call him Chris.
Those who ate the most vegetables and fruits had half the risk for cancer as those who ate the least. Other studies have shown that diets high in fiber, which vegetarian diets tend to be, reduce the risk for heart disease, cancer, and other conditions including digestive disorders, appendicitis, and osteoporosis (bone loss).
For all my subscribers to this blog and those who have contacted me via email regarding my Dukan-diet blog posts, you might have already realised that I now have deleted the posts – I simply had too many emails and contacts, to a scale I never had expected. It has been a maze since I had never thought I would receive so much feedback and attention with those blog posts – thanks to all of you who have participated, it’s much appreciated. It took until now to wade through all your emails, and also until now to analyse the special demands and wishes many of you have expressed regarding diets and everything surrounding this fat subject. Therefore, watch this space, I will soon post a blog for those of you insisting on more guidance on the matter.
I truly hope heaven has cats and baseball games. He'd love that.
Aristegui Notícias, 5/3/2012
For the most part, the Third Culture Kids produced in my generation were TCKs like myself. They were born to First Culture Kid parents, then yanked from that birth-culture and thrown into one or many different cultures throughout their development. At the time, if those TCKs-in-the-making were anything like me, they moaned and complained incessantly about always having to leave their friends. They cried and threw tantrums, made harsh exclamations of frustration, and spat empty threats at the prospect of leaving wherever they were to move somewhere different. But in the end, without fail, we always moved on, and our opinion of the matter meant little to nothing in the grand scheme of our parent’s expatriate lives.
I’ll definitely get back to you soon, as there is plenty to tell you about, my campus life, my research progress, and the wonderful things I’m learning about Vietnamese culture.
So how do you apply? We'd like to see a new Mother's Day project to be sent to BBTB2.donna.carole@gmail.com and a link to your blog by Monday, April 23rd. New members will be contacted my email by Wednesday April 25 and revealed on BBTB2 with our May 8th challenge. We can't wait to see what you create. Best of luck to all.
Patrick Stewart (Jeffrey)
A child beauty pageant is a beauty contest featuring contestants including and younger than 18 years of age. Divisions include talent, interview, sportswear, casual wear, swim wear, western wear, theme wear, outfit of choice, decade wear, and evening wear, typically wearing makeup as well as elaborate hairstyles. The contestants wear custom fitted and designed outfits to present their routines on stage. Some pageants do their best to make every child feel like a winner. There is a queen for every age division and there are Ultimate Grand Supreme awards, Mini supreme queens for certain blocks of age divisions (0-5, 6-11, 12-16, 17 and up). There are also side awards and overall side awards. Pageants may cater to the ‘natural’ contestant (who typically wears minimal makeup, only her own hair, no false teeth, no spray tan, and unmanicured nails) and/or the ‘high glitz’ contestant (who typically uses any and all of the above listed techniques to enhance her appearances).
- I hate that the discussions have been driven into the floor so hard that it is pitting two good things against eachother. Examples: head versus heart, doctrine versus devotion, passion versus reverence, or being rooted versus being relevant. We should be saying AND and not VERSUS. I can’t see any scenario where you should have one without also having the other.
Senior Republican aides said they didn’t know what shape a deal would ultimately take, but they said they needed to present House members with an agreement by Monday to have time to pass legislation in both chambers by Aug. 2.
Farmer's Market
This was more of an indoor outfit anyways, with it's skirt that twisted around when I walked, it's warm, but not wind proof sweater and it's exposed ankles. The leggings are the only thing I would have changed, but since my quest for tights has been entirely unsuccessfully I am stuck with exposed ankles.
"Love one another and you will be happy. It's as simple and difficult as that." (Michael Leunig)
The performances in Adventureland epitomized “being yourself,” or being someone else, as it were, as the actors were “acting”. But it is a small distinction, as the acting in this case was simply being. Never before has Kristen Stewart seemed like a conscious human being, nor Ryan Reynolds just some guy who is not always on the verge of exploding. And Jesse Eisenberg is the ultimate lead as the young man who just is who he is.
This is the very first time I have scrapbooked any photos of my newest grandaughter Yasmin, so wanted to keep it as a simple LO
One on the kids favorite breakfast is pancakes. When they are topped with some colorful fruit syrup, the joy is doubled. They enjoy it and as a parent we fell good the our little one had eaten something good.
on sale for $3.59
H: Without giving away too many spoilers for the first book, I think I can safely say that in RED GLOVE, Cassel has to decide what kind of person he wants to be. There are a lot of temptations in front of him – the biggest to do with love, all to do with power. As his grandfather tells him, “magic gives you lots of choices – most of them are bad.” He has to try and make the right choices.
...or rather, the first trade collection. The first trade, which has yet to be formally announced or solicited, is Fatale Book One: Death Chases Me. This first "book" was referenced in the first page of the debut issue, and this confirms that the series of approximately sixteen issues is being broken into several "books."
Almost every country has its own set of local sayings and pieces of slang that not only add to the cultural experience of expat life but also provide an opportunity for misuse, the odd faux-pas and a lot of laughs. From the Aussie “Fair dinkum” to the Spanish “Chalado” (cha-la-doe - Crazy or nuts. Estar chalado = To be crazy or nuts) expats can often face a tough time when grappling with the local dialect.
Refrigerate for at least 3 hours, or overnight.
The patrol team later claimed to their superiors that the mullah had tried to threaten them with a grenade and that they had no choice but to shoot.
Two days before, I’d had a check-up and was told that if something hadn’t happened by 10 February, I’d be checking in to get the process started with a little help from the hospital. I felt a little more relaxed. One way or another, the end was in sight and I would soon come face-to-face with the little person who’d been listening to my bump-mumblings and kicking me in the bladder for the past few months.
So, PLEASE take into account what has just been presented, before you go flocking websites with donations and purchases. There is ALWAYS another side to the story and if you were not aware of this, i hope that you are now.
To finish off the card I use some Card Candi in 2 corners.
Messing K, Saurel-Cubizolles MJ, Bourgine M, Kaminski M. Factors associated with dysmenorrhea among workers in French poultry slaughter houses and canneries. J Occup Med 1993; 35: 393-500.
But I have noticed that during the most trying periods of my life
But God knows.
Most of these don’t take very long (30 minutes), and it is great to knock these out without having to hunt down players that you need.
The yellow was colored with Y06 and Y21. His hat was colored with N3/N5/N7. His leather boots were colored with E13, E37 and E29. Notice the crisp cast shadows under the cuffs, as this helps make the boots look more dimensional. By changing the base tone of brown, you can see that the boots take on a different tone than the gun, even though the darker colors are pretty similar.
Londoners, if you don’t like Tories because of their actions while there in government today, well I afraid that you have to vote for them at the Mayoral election because you have a good candidate named Boris Johnson which he is different then any other Tories.
heart?
But Bersih and the opposition are demanding a complete overhaul of a voter roll considered fraudulent and reform of an Election Commission they say is biased in favour of the governing coalition.
So who cares about the new guy? Not many people yet. But it's okay. I won't be the new guy forever. One day someone reading this post with be the new guy and I'll say that wherever you're at is a great place to start. Welcome, new guy!
This was the day that we thought that we’d made it.
goal for any amateur. Then it was also wearing a safety mask to reduce inhalation of lead dust when pressing the grout into the channels to fuse the glass against the lead support channels. Use of lead channels and grout allows an artist to create huge stained glass art pieces, several metres in size. If you see ugly, metal bars that seem to cut across some stained glass pieces, they are support bars, critical for structural stability of large stained glass pieces to prevent heavy, welded glass pieces from buckling. Over the years, my appreciation for stained glass art has grown, for both traditional centuries-old and contemporary art pieces.
Group 5tion’s leader Oh Byung Jin(Ka In) showed off his diverse personal relationships.
I'm guessing they are early sixties. Anybody know?
I used to live in Ocean Grove, NJ and I loved it. My dilapidated house was only 5 houses from the Atlantic Ocean and it was just lovely. I could see the sunrise every morning on my way to work and walk along the boardwalk whenever I wanted.
The papers are Anna Griffin, as you can see my sewing machine came in very handy. I used the Marianne Design butterfly die available at Dies To Die For, HERE as are the Nesties Label 10, HERE.
Metaphorically, looking into the fire could be a way of refining or cleansing my mind. It burns away all the underbrush so it will prevent a much larger fire from starting. Inside of just being a small fire in a confined area, it would spread to the entire forest. This is like a little disturbance messing with my head but later spreading to insert itself into my heart and personality.
The tiles are from Lowes. They are mosaic tiles and the color palette is Glacier. See original post here.
Still working on getting the pictures off this little Powershot. Unfortunately it doesn't seem to be holding up to our multiple uses! And doing some very strange things..so hope we can at least find a place to save what is on it before it dies!
image 1: not sure where I came up with this but just LOVE IT.
The band was formed by drummer John Dummer (born 19 November 1944, Surbiton, Surrey). He formed Lester Square and the G.T's in 1963 with Chris Trengove(alto sax & vocals) and Elton Dean(tenor sax, later of Soft Machine) and toured the UK and Germany for 2 years.
The actual town of Tofino has a population of less than 2,000, most of which is perched at the tip of the peninsula with ocean on one side, and harbor on the other. Don't let the isolated rustic fool you. The accommodations are luxurious, and the restaurants first-class. I had the best meal of my life here! (I'm still dreaming of you, my little halibut.) I asked our bartender about it all one night, and his reply was, "If you're the best at what you do, and could do it anywhere, wouldn't you choose the end of the road? The most beautiful place?"
Every night and during naps we give him a blanket, a binky and a lovey stuffed animal. Sometime during the night he usually throws all items out of his crib, cries, we return to hand them back, lay him down and he falls asleep for 10-11 hours. Super, right? Except that now he’s decided as soon as we hand him his items he’s going to throw everything out of the crib immediately.
Buying eggs
For the first time in the history of Malaysians taking to the street since 1969, the Chinese and Malay turnout respectively with regard to Bersih 3.0 was estimated at almost half-half. This disproportion bucks the country’s race ratio wherein the 2010 population census indicated Malay 54.6%, Chinese 24.6% and Indian 7.3%.
yearbook's film.
The key to the culture was to stop measuring presence – ie punching the clock as at a factory – and to start measuring results and outcomes. This of course is true for any consultant. I am not hired to be busy I am hired to get some specific things done. In reality that is how all work should be measured but in reality that is not how work is measured. We measure instead the appearance of work as evidenced by how much we are seen at the office.
Even though you can't admit that to yourself,
Round 5: Ch 3. Dc around. Join to top ch of ch 3.
By a PLA recon team sent to retrieve Sarah!
What is the criteria to enter:
Hope you all are enjoying this last day of winter! Tomorrow… spring!
And so, once again, I thank you all for your continuous support and readership. I hope we can continue to play together here at Construction Compulsion...
maybe even for eternity.
In fact, no safe human usage level can be determined based on the submitted data. The animal experimental evidence indicates a toxic effect on growth. The clinical evidence raises concerns about glucose control in patients with diabetes.
"PJZNT isn`t a word? SINCE WHEN?"
Okay, I can see if it were kittens or something, but spiders? Most people squish em, don't they? I know I do.
I had 27 minutes to spare tonight so I watched this video.
Begin by putting 4 1/2 cups of plain flour in a large mixing bowl,
In contrast, though, with homeschooling we have the freedom to actually teach our children at each one's ability level and pace - without regard to what the system says is a certain "grade level." In practical terms, what that means is this: Even if you choose to go with a traditional (i.e., textbook-based) curriculum and use separate materials for each child, you do not need to - in fact, you should not - simply go with one "grade level" for every subject. If you do that, you're probably not truly meeting the child's needs, and that would be a shame considering that individualization is one of the main blessings of home learning
utterly lost,
It's been a process, to say the least, to get them posted though... after several tries, they are finally up and WHOLE on TpT and Teacher's Notebook. (At first, I had them up as halfsies, because the whole pack wouldn't upload! SUCCESS! Now they are there and you get all 6 in the one download!)
Cellaring Beers not only dries out and rounds out the beers high points, but often morphs the malt and hops into a different realm. I have to note, Big Hopped Beers could morph the Hops into a gritty ratty almost rancid flavor. Some people enjoy this flavor, I do not. You've been warned! Big malty beers, like those made by Hair of the Dog or many Belgian Beers, age extremely well.
Published: August 1, 1999
Then back in the future world, bald man and hot supermodel-looking chick see that Pinhead is loose and go on a hunt for him with the rest of the space idiots. But not before we see some of Pinhead’s speeches in this movie, which I forgot to mention before now.
The cross is so common in our culture that most people don’t think twice when they see one on a church. But unfortunately, familiarity with the symbol can actually get in the way of understanding what it truly means. Let’s consider how Jesus became the bearer of our sin.
knock something down
Well, I did it. I came full circle. Last New Year’s Eve I told some friends at a party that my resolution was to start blogging. What was I going to blog about they asked. I didn’t know… I just wanted to take my love for writing and making people laugh and then merge them into a hobby for myself. This year when people asked what I did for fun I actually had an answer: I blog.
When I was in India last month, my mom prepared this mouth watering bajji for us. It was so yum... aah! . It just needs some time and your patience. but you will love it.
They say that promises
Right now I am trying to decide the 'value' of cold cereal (Willy Wonka: Do you have any idea what breakfast cereal's made of? It's those little curly wooden shavings you find in pencil sharpeners.). As a Diabetic, it has very little value to me personally & if you uncover the origins of it all you will see how cold cereal is an American-ish twist totally in the wrong direction of what was a rather good idea before we got to it: mixed grains, fruit, & a protein. 'Yeah-but', emotionally I love cereal, so do the kids, and my homemade ginger snap granola (which is very good) is not a substitute for Frosted Mini Wheat's. Here is the thing, if you get rid of say delicious Frosted Mini Wheat's you open your mornings to creative alternatives like zucchini muffins, cornmeal pancakes, homemade sweet rolls... It isn't about what you are giving up, it is about what you are making room for: a rather indulgent restriction if I may...
since I have no wine glasses.
Wow, one of the clearest beers I've ever seen. It's a bright yellow with just a twinge of amber, and a huge pillowy off-white head that stays forever.
Aravinda and Chinthaka were later detained and their equipment including mobile phones were also taken away by the CCD.
One real (non-facetious) benefit to having houseguests, though, is that it forces you to put down the remote, take a break from your regular weekend PVR marathon, and actually get off your ass for a change. So when my sister and her friend were in town from Nova Scotia this past weekend, I tried to gracefully swallow my resentment, and plan some fun stuff for us to do around Toronto.
Try out the many bidding websites spread throughout the net because they are out there waiting for your business all the time. Are you worried about how you are going to pay them? If I were you I would save up a couple hundred dollars to spend on hiring these writers. Other than that your network of blogs should be able to pay for themselves if you are generating income from Google Adsense on every post that is published by the writers. This alone has equal probability of paying for the articles published by the writers, and bringing in a nice income for you too.
About three months later, I knew that Mr. Bourret was to attend a local Nevada SCBWI event and was very hopeful and excited that we would get to meet again and perhaps chat about my submission. I was also thrilled to learn that I was placed in his manuscript critique group over the weekend! I think one of the wisest decisions I made was to read from a new, current work in progress so that he could see what else I had up my sleeve.
But what of those other boxes? You must understand, for a few years there I would go to a show, buy a bunch of cards - both dime box type and high end stuff - and it would just be thrown in a larger box waiting to be sorted. Needless to say, these boxes built up a lot faster than my sorting could get rid of them.
Karen also finds a kind of healing when she heads back to Vietnam where her father was killed, and when she works at getting to the real truth of what happened in his death. The courageous, loving, self-sacrificial heart of her father, who led his men well, and whose death would be the means of preventing future deaths.
On Sunday night, Rich and I took a walk in the jungle. Yes. At night. With torches. And a guide. And some Frenchies and a English woman (Axl Rose was not present. Something about being in the jungle makes me wonder if he has ever actually literally been in one himself. And don’t even get me started on Slash – imagine how many mosquitoes and worms and spiders would find themselves entangled in his hair??!). We were picked up from Monteverde at 5pm and arrived at the park just as night was falling… As our taxi pulled into the grounds, a small mammal darted in front of the car, illuminated by the headlights.
Chilled Pears
This little mouse may be dropping into a city near you! Lol!
Pack 7:
Scenic Route Metropolis - Broadway Street, Carter Drive and Scrap strip 3
Stolichnaya Red – 40%
Flash forward to 5:30 and I’ve had six martinis, aka 9.5 shots of vodka, and I’m completed smashed. Mailman Mike has drank who the hell knows how many glasses of wine/rum/whiskey. The Captain's aunt and Mike's girlfriend look to be quite tipsy. It was a loud, obnoxious get-together. Every 10 minutes, one of us would get mad at someone for whatever drunk people get mad about and I would yell “Mother fucking ravioli night!!” for some reason. I have no idea why.
Inside this kit you will find:
(Although technically our anniversary isn't till the 29th ya take all the time you can get when in a long distance relationship!)
With the right technique ganaching creates a perfectly smooth and even base and allows for a perfectly smooth fondant cover, sharp professional edges and strong and even structuring. It can be a time consuming process but essential for the neatness of your cake. In this class you will learn the methods to achieve perfect results.
When to Go:
*From Dan Gailey: Two University of Kansas music recently took home top awards from the coveted DownBeat magazine’s annual Student Music Awards. This marks the 35th year for the publication’s notable contest. David von Kampen, a doctoral student studying for a music composition degree, won for his original composition/orchestrated work in the Graduate Division for his work “Sneak Out.” Brian Scarborough, an undergraduate student pursuing a trombone performance degree, received the Outstanding Performance distinction in the Jazz Instrumental Soloist/Undergraduate Division. Both students study with Professor Dan Gailey, Director of Jazz Studies at KU. Gailey added that the "KU Jazz Studies Program has now been the recipient of 12 of these awards since 1992."
Corned Beef
The Orchot Chaim explains that we do not recite shehechiyanu on the mitzva of sefira because the shechiyanu on Shavuot covers it. The whole purpose of sefira is to count towards Shavuot. Therefore, no separate bracha is required.
a timeless time
“We’ve had two bids and we continue to discuss them with both parties,” Whitehouse said. “The Blue Knights bid needs to be increased so that it is more value to creditors. They need to increase it significantly. Bill Miller’s position is clear. The Blue Knights position is not clear.
A rat crept softly through the vegetation
But really, what a hassle. At this point my refusal to join the mobile masses is the real problem. I’m the asshole, not Shaw.
Wait, I can’t say that because how could I cheat on my favorite episode where Michael put his foot on the George Foreman? It gets so complicated.
To tide us over we've been watching a series of videos (The Art of Fire by James McKelvey) that Tammy bought me for my birthday. They're so good. I told her that this may possibly be the best gift she's ever given me. They're so helpful, especially considering the foundation we've built to this point. She also purchased the companion book which goes much more in depth than the DVDs. It's very good reading.
I know that together, we are a team.
It so easily slips our lips that we hate our jobs. We hate our bosses, we hate this that and the other…I let the hate word slip all time and I was thinking that it is simply unfair. I don’t really hate my job, sometimes I do and sometimes I don’t . But the hate feeling is that I am not in control or in power. I hate being in debt.
Sex Abuse in Immigration Detention
Now I've been happy lately
Live, on the other hand, the Colin Vallon Trio is a different story altogether. Where is this warmth and passion on Rruga?
2 tbs lentils such as yellow split peas or chana dal
Key Employees 16
Oh, and the Boy Scout Troop also had a full weekend camping trip, so many of the Scouts could not do the community service project. The camping trip focused on helping brand new Scouts learn Scout skills, so my kids were told to not attend. Their original plan was to attend the camping trip, especially since my older son has a leadership role and I thought he was needed there to do that. At least they were off the hook for that and not feeling they were shirking responsibilities.
● Very substantial return on investment.
The Penang Chief Minister has been staying in a rented bungalow – all paid for by taxpayers – claiming that the official residence Seri Teratai is termite infested and leaking.
So here is a little recap of week 20 and week 22 below:
#617 ~ Broiled fish with Acorn Squash filled with sweet peas.
This is the second time this nonsense has happened to Brees. In 2008, Peyton Manning was named MVP and Brees was named Offensive Player of the Year. Poor Drew … the writers must think his leadership skills are TERRIBLE. Or that he's really hurt the team on special teams. This year, Brees broke Dan Marino's almost-30-year record for most passing yards in a season. He led the NFL in touchdown passes. He set an NFL record by completing 71.2% of his passes. Seems pretty valuable. Plus don't his teammates talk all the time about how he leads, how he inspires, haven't there been like 10,000 stories about his leadership skills the last few years?
Then there's the loo. We won't go there - teenage sons you know. I'm hoping Sophie and Emma won't go there either. Maybe if I give them weeny, weeny cups of coffee, they won't need a wee wee and risk life long trauma?
Don’t become the person mentioned above.l Discover what your inner dream is, and remember it is never too late to realize your full potential. The rest of your life starts now.
7. . . . own just a single house. (No doubt, this might be the first rule I’d break. I can’t reconcile this one without thinking big money turns people into monsters. How do you own twelve mansions & leave 11 sitting empty, then read the paper & see how others live?)
He suggested I take the whole thing to the photocopying shop in Islington, which I grudgingly accepted was a Very Good Idea Indeed, and more practical than my idea, which had involved quite a lot of inserting of piles of articles and blog entries into his underpants. The people in the photocopying shop were quite surprised. They looked at the pile of entries, my complicated instructions about which bits went where, looked at me with trepidation then looked back at the pile. "Are you sure?" they said. "It'll cost a fortune. And it won't be ready until about 4."
For example, if it’s a work situation that is contributing to your stress, confront the situation or the person, perhaps your boss who put you in the situation. Talk through the issues you are facing and suggest changes that are going to help you as well as help the work situation be successful. You decide the approach you want to take. The end goal is to alleviate stress from the situation and not burn any bridges either. Hence, set a positive and persuasive tone to your discussions. Be direct in your efforts to alleviate the stress. Remember, the end goal is to manage stress. It’s not about the work or the relationship. It’s about the end product of the work and to have you in a better place to contribute to the end result. More likely than not, you will come out with a change to the situation that will relieve you of the stress.
Repeatedly in This Is Not That Dawn, characters are shown jettisoning their private moral compasses because they are convinced that blood must be spilled to avenge the spilling of blood. Yashpal’s novel, on a scale equal to the complexity of the matter at hand, shows us how the question of justice is rarely contemplated by human beings in the abstract, or outside the pressures of time or frame of history – and that in a crisis, this tendency can prove to be mortal while continuing to believe itself moral. These conceptions of “comparative justice” are still doing the rounds of the subcontinent to this day, as during the gruesome religious riots in the state of Gujarat in 2002.
'Are you sure?'
with the blood of life connecting us all in woven threads
25, Rue de Levis
I find I do this a lot. I like to challenge how I think and feel – so I’ll watch a type of film or read a book that I wouldn’t normally like. It means I learn about something and sometimes my preconceived opinions completely change. It may not be as exciting as abseiling down the side of a mountain, but it is just as effective for personal development.
While you’re the one that’s running loose.
Basically, a paintball bazooka. So unless you learn how to seriously improve your skills and physical fitness for paintball. Practice at least twice/week but three is better. An ideal schedule for someone who owns land; you can keep yourself hidden as well as evade your competition. You will need to start with. Also check out the paintball gun cases by RAP4. RAP4 is also called paint, and it is about features, price points and you get to aim and fire. Stock class guns are also a definite regular income source of choice, then when looking at him, and will not have to disagree..... Paintball is a mandatory first step - become a dealer with the paintball gun cases often will give your field break inside player's guns or markers for people who don't have one, but allow players to bring their own. The problem with this is not likely to play, clean and lubricated, use the paintball gun cases is located in Maryland. Reason for these interviews stemmed from the paintball gun cases and budget conscious models would be interested in spending time as well and come in a particular unpleasant means. Consequently, limbs as well as the paintball gun cases of sight on the paintball gun cases. The first Paintball Store, Wanna Play Paintball, in Pennsylvania was started in the paintball gun cases upon the paintball gun cases of cheap paintball guns to be a good couple minutes to load ammunition into a larger operation with more power and speed.
This certainly wasn't worth the huge amount of money I paid for it (considering that I had to throw half of it away because it was inedible). If I ever come back to this bakery, I'm going to order one of their normal-looking cupcakes and hope they taste better. Which reminds me, they also serve beautiful cakes and other sweets, but my mission was to try cupcakes only.
I am on the constant search for something fun and exiting to read, so I went to the library. (I really wanted to go to the bookstore and drink coffee, but I didn’t want to spend any money.) I always bypass the books that people tell me “I should read”
15 Arrow Classic Festival, Holland
Etymology: 1520s, from M.Fr. dexterité (16c.), from L. dexteritatem (nom. dexteritas) "readiness, skillfulness, prosperity," from dexter "skillful," also "right (hand)" (cf. O.Fr. destre, Sp. diestro, etc.), from PIE root *deks- "on the right hand," hence "south" to one facing east (cf. Skt. daksinah "on the right hand, southern, skillful;" Avestan dashina- "on the right hand;" Gk. dexios "on the right hand," also "fortunate, clever;" O.Ir. dess "on the right hand, southern;" Welsh deheu; Gaulish Dexsiva, name of a goddess of fortune; Goth. taihswa; Lith. desinas; O.C.S. desnu, Rus. desnoj). The Latin form is with the comparative suffix -ter, thus meaning etymologically "the better direction." M.E. dester meant "right hand," and in heraldry dexter means "on the right side."
House is taking time off to be there for Wilson in his cancer treatment time of need. Foreman brings in a new doctor, an Elizabeth Lawson, a developmental geneticist. She’s also Emily’s mother. Emily already has a genetic disorder. Chase is not convinced Dr. Lawson will be an asset as she’s too invested in the patient.
Today is DAUGHTER’S 17th birthday and I can’t speak to her and wish her a happy birthday or tell her how much I love her. I want to make sure you recognize that this is SOLELY your choice and she speaks to others about how much she is hurt because she can’t speak to her father on her birthday. I’ve included just my family in this email because any one of them can tell you their experience with the girls and the pain and anger the girls have expressed to them, as well as testify to the fact that I seek only one thing; unfettered time with my children. They could tell you that everything I do in my life is for the 3 children I have and love more than life itself.
3. Jerry Garcia commentary with Acid Test audio
His “Silent Night” is respectful but rustic, while “It Came Upon a Midnight Clear” adds a cowboy flavor that dances right alongside a sea shanty ambiance. Bringing home the DIY authenticity, the jaunty “Joy to the World” features a dog barking in the background, followed by the bluegrassmeets- Salvation Army jam of “Deck the Halls” and finishing with the friendly string ragtime of “Angels We Have Heard On High,” with twangy guitar accen with a Les Paul feel.
Having it happen repeatedly.
Then brush off your suit and retire.
Salt and crushed black pepper.
The shadow of you,
On Inspiration
46. Right Ho, Jeeves – P.G. Wodehouse
Of course I read this as FELON when I first saw it. I once knew a guy named Feston who was insufferable. My brother's novel The Assault on Tony's featured a character named Fenton.
We had a wonderful time visiting friends in IL and we didn't take enough pictures. We also didn't get to see everyone we wanted so I do apologize to those we missed. We really tried to pack in as much visiting as we could.
So instead of stuffing and mounting Charlie for peeing on our gray zebra rug, I have been giving him treats because I like the new one better. Yes, he's a good dog. ;)
Any suggestions for more completed shows from previous seasons I need to watch? If you’re not sure what I have or haven’t seen, check MAL
* "Ghost Market" by Greg van Eekhout
and the heavy skins of beasts
POLITICS: A comment was recently left on the blog saying the Republican Presidential candidates were concerned about environmental issues which I doubt very much and have seen no reports about. Even our conservative politician Malcolm Turnbull described them as influenced by “climate change denialists”. Who is interested in debating issues like abortion or contraception that one thought were dealt with in the 1960s? The only other US Republican issues reported in our press were God and guns, and “moderate” used as a derogatory word.
On the other hand they are quite expensive, I’m not quite sure what I want them for and my house is already full of junk.
Forego the baskets all together by gathering your family to plant an organic vegetable garden. You can find cute gardening pails at your local convenience store, and most nurseries sell vegetables that are already grown – just transplant them into your own garden and enjoy year-round.
Surprisingly, this blog has reached one hundred posts. I hope that sharing what has been On My Plate has added some pop, sparkle, and imagination to your own. I know that some faithful have tried a few recipes, a few devoted have made comments (although, I once read a statistic that the average blog reader never leaves comments...I am glad to know that I am sharing with people who aren't just average), some persuasive friends hound me when I don't post, and some even demand a mention now and again (here you go, Richie).
Oftentimes dinner at our house is as simple as pizza and a salad. Lately, I've been throwing together a simple tomato and avocado salad that my cousin-in-law showed me how to assemble. (He and his sweet wife came and cooked dinner at our house when our family member was sick back in December- how nice is that?!) They made chili, cornbread, and this salad, and I've been eating it regularly ever since.
Enjoy your handmade holidays and don’t stress!
8And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun; and power was given unto him to scorch men with fire.
I am off and running again. My solo sojourn to Paris starts in the morning.
For nothing now can ever come to any good.
At that point, we headed to the basement and everything seemed to break loose simultaneously. The patio door blew in. This changed the air pressure in the house so violently that doors slammed shut, displacing their jambs, cracking trim, and lifting up the ceiling in our entry. We got the kids into the storm shelter (a room completely enclosed by concrete under our front porch). Hubby and I began to run around the house looking for other damage.
In the expanded New Age version, based originally on Eastern Orthodox ideas of Eternity –but quantized to fit with parallel universes, relativity of time and space, and the effects encountered in dreamtime and out-of-body experiences– the Eschaton, the ‘last thing’ has already happened. In *eternity/no-time everything already is, was and will be. So we can theoretically, from our position within (enclosed) time, already access the Eschaton in certain states of awareness. Also, we can choose to live as though continuing in such an awareness. In McKenna’s credo, it is extremely important to persevere: to live that belief, once experienced.
2 tablespoons tomato paste
Today I am wearing H.M.A.E.M.’s design created for the first round of The Couturier’s Dock, the “Freedom” hat. The purpose of the event is to inspire us to mix and match and create among designer’s what is uniquely our own. I personally love using birdcages in my styling, and so must others, remember all the “birdcage” skirts making the rounds a few months ago? They resembled something the real life designer Valentino would make. To me, these cages symbolize us, as models, pretty little peacocks, caged by fashion. But aesthetically, as an element of fashion, and especially as a focal piece, I just adore the whimsical nature of them. For this simple “quick style” I added the “Birdcage” earrings and ring created by Yula Finesmith of FINESMITH jewelry, who happens to be another of the designer’s contributing to this event. This is not the item she will have at the opening, she has kept her design under wraps for Tuesday’s unveiling, but I’ve yet to be disappointed in anything she has made. The style, simple, to the point, and hopefully has brought a little bit of a smile to your day.
Comics – 48 (564)
"About them boys on the bus?"
Also if its a breaking story gets covered one way with certain words and phrases being used that aren’t accurate, further stories that try and follow up on the article, or try and cover the same story with more correct information are going to be harder to find.
Okay, that's it for me :D Catch ya later! Until then, stay crafty!
Where Is the Comma?
Time flies when you are hiring new people and understaffed and get sucked into FY12 budget development and work late every night and at least once each weekend, doesn't it?
Style , Latin rhythms , Uplifting Trance Elements and Electro House Basslines
-Local jails usually have programs where they teach inmates horticulture and then sell the plants at a super low price.
Obviously the way to settle this is with intense scientific research. Therefore please participate in this poll, you will be aiding a good cause.
I ordered the Tibi Ikat Shorts but I just can't decide about them. They are pretty pricey for shorts and I felt like I did not have that many shirts that looked cute with them. A white tank tucked in looked best. Plus I am not sure they are super flattering. Most likely returning them.
Hester and Edna are usually seen together, laughing and sharing stories, as shown in the photo, above. Don't forget to click on the photos to see them larger.
For about 100 gms of Mango Ginger
No one knew what to say. We were unprepared. We had people lurking behind us. I had told everyone repeatedly that it was not a typical memorial service, that we would just be putting the ashes in the ground, but nephew was surprised that no one was there to speak.
Ginger Cocoa Bites: (I got the ginger syrup recipe from The Veggie Nook’s Lime Cornmeal Pancake recipe, but instead of maple syrup I used agave…and added a LOT of ginger! This is so delicious I keep a stash of this handy. Thank you, Gabby!) Ginger syrup - In a small pan on the stovetop, heat the 1/4 cup agave with 1 tablespoon thinly sliced and chopped ginger. Simmer on LOW HEAT for 3 minutes to reduce the spiciness of the fresh ginger. Turn off heat and cool the syrup while you combine the rest of the ingredients. Drizzle agave syrup and ginger pieces into mixture, process until mixture forms a ball and form into truffles or press into molds.
Icewolf: *author feelings stir and evilly grins*
John W. Landis
I've missed you!!!
hṛṣīkeṇa hṛṣīkeśa-
Soon unlimber’d to begin the red business;)
Congratulations! You wowed us with your egg carton base that really looked like an ornate metal stand. You used all the elements to create an "egg-cellent" artful piece.
Shame upon me. Thrice shame, for there has now been three episodes of Primeval and no comment from me, even after my "squee"ing in the last post. I have no excuse but that my braincells were fried from the sheer awesomeness of the past three episodes.
Though posts have gone up every day this week, the blog has actually been on auto-pilot the entirety of this week. Whenever (*pauses to watch Kate Upton's super sexy Carl's Jr. commercial*) I get the chance, I like to schedule posts ahead of time, especially when class is in session and finals time is upon students like myself. Thankfully, I had gotten ahead this week, because the events of Sunday have led to me typing this with one hand.
And now, the boys have it too!!! My 2 y/o is miserably uncomfortable and has to appetite, with a slight fever!! Argh!!!
Though on occasion I enjoy other things to - paint & timber, hammer & nails, flour & eggs LOL basically I just like creating. Next on my list to cards would have to be cake decorating. I am only new to this and have a lot to learn but I'm improving and the recipients like them.
Punta Arenas – awesome! Penguins!
Anywhere my trains roll through
“Let’s cut to the chase here. Frank Wisner has his finger in every other pie ever baked. Strauss-Kahn represented an alternative socialist dynasty to what these people see as ‘our man in Paris’, Sarkozy. Strauss-Kahn is Bilderberg elite, with brothers, uncles and like-minded contacts throughout EU banking and politics. With Sarkozy’s support flagging, he would’ve breezed the French elections. He could easily have become President of whatever the EU turns into. That would’ve been bad for the US. But now we have France fully onside, with Sarkozy’s main girl bossing the IMF. I’m not saying it’s what happened….I’m saying, like, it worked out just dandy, don’t you think?”
i just saw this video, too qewt~!!!!!!!!!!
Pam wished she’d found the shears; their long sharp blades would have given her a much longer reach through the tangled growth. The secateurs would have been great for those thick trunk-like stems at the bottom; cutting through them would ensure the ivy didn’t grow back. Instead, she pulled and pulled, grabbing at handfuls of leaves, throwing them over her shoulder towards the wheelbarrow. As the light slowly began to penetrate through the green gloom, she saw something glinting on the ground just ahead, something long and metallic.
Artist - Title
IQ84 is about Kawana Tengo, a would-be writer who pays the bills by working as a math teacher at a cram school, and Aomame Masami, a semi-professional assassin who pays the bills by working as a personal trainer at a private gym. Tengo’s story kicks off when his literary agent, an eccentric editor named Komatsu Yuji, drafts him into rewriting a fantasy novella called “Air Chrysalis” written by a seventeen-year-old named Fukada Eriko. Fuka-Eri, as she calls herself, is a beautiful yet incommunicative girl who claims to have actually experienced the things she’s written about. When Tengo meets Fuka-Eri’s guardian, a retired academic named Ebisuno, the man explains that the girl’s biological father had founded a politically radical farming commune called Sakigake that has since reshaped itself into a religious compound closed to the outside world. Unfortunately for Tengo, when Fuka-Eri’s novella is published and becomes a bestseller, Sakigake takes notice. Meanwhile, Aomame works with an older woman referred to as “the Dowager,” who runs a battered women’s shelter called The Willow House. When no other recourse can free the women who take refuge there, the Dowager calls on Aomame to assassinate the men who have made their lives hell. The Dowager ends up rescuing a girl who has been horribly abused by the leader of Sakigake, and she requests that Aomame perform a job so dangerous that it may well be her last – the assassination of this powerful religious figure.
apple pie cooked through a seed bruised stem eye
Die Bunker - Destruction
More sours please. Available now (since last week). Find it if you can. 12oz. bottles. I found a few at Whole Foods. Flying Saucer has them for 18 DOLLARS!!!! That is a HUGE markup. Good luck finding some. More info on finding it in Austin.
In the end, Lee chouffed (at home), and I drove home. It's ok, I was bullet proof....er I mean, "Don't Drink and Drive!"
And with that, I’m off to the races for one more day, and then I’m sunshine bound.
Since 2002, Vizio has been building their name and reputation around value. They have become a popular choice with customers because they get more for what they pay for.
“During the past five years, the consortium universities have developed stem cell research and teaching programs, and this is a wonderful time for the campuses to collaborate and take advantage of our complementary expertise in stem cell biology and to share our technical expertise in this research area,” said Prue Talbot, the director of the UC Riverside Stem Cell Center. “With this consortium, we now have more labs for outreach participation. We think that communication with citizens of the Inland Empire is important and that they need access to accurate information on stem cell biology.”
And I thank God for this day. This Joy and this Hope. This Promise that all of His creation can be made new. That all of us can continue to grow, even after we experience the dormant winters of our lives.
Recently, I had a discussion with a lady about violence in children’s books. She believed that Witchfinder had overstepped the mark in the horror stakes (no pun intended!), but I think that this idea that kids are sensitive little buttercups who can’t handle the harsh realities (or unrealities) of life is just nonsense. I believe that we forget how resilient we were as children. Grown-ups look back and think that we hit 18 and suddenly develop a worldly resistance to the horrors of life. Rubbish. We’ve been developing that resistance and fortitude since birth. We forget just how advanced we were in this respect at the ages of 10, 11, 12, 13. Horror stories can be a learning tool in this regard. They are a great way of developing this vital life skill of resilience within a safe environment. This is hardly an original thought: the Brothers Grimm were doing the same thing with their cannibalistic witches and bloodthirsty ogres over 200 years ago! Now those stories are seen as classic literature, but are they any less gruesome than Darren Shan? Horror stories and grim(m) fairytales are often allegories, preparing us for the true horrors of the adult world. As such, they must be truly, and hopefully enjoyably, terrifying!
Remove Distractions
Not sneezing is particularly hard here in Australia during the high allergy season, I’m telling you. But for the physical blehs – I know that time, an ice-pack strapped to my cheek, and lots of gargling will make all the difference. If only it were that easy for a case of the writing blehs.
But getting back together again without ensuring it's going to work will only make things worse for them. If you've considered all the above rules — and think you've got an excellent chance — then go for it.
us
Seriously it's nonstop in this house. Nothing is ever just calm. Why?????? Yesterday I noticed a lump on Davinci's face. I'm not going to post a picture, it's gross looking. I was thinking it was an infected ingrown hair or something along those lines. Clearly I'm not an expert so naturally I took him to the vet today to get it checked out.
and i do think
desert, air, all those minds.
Except that all the machines I have encountered in London only dispense £10 and £20 notes. That includes Barclays, Lloyds, NatWest, HSBC, Halifax, Santander and Nationwide.
I have a little silver filing cabinet in my room to “hold all of my files”, as Colby likes to tease. I do have a lot of files. I am an adult. Ha.
Then I considered how much the rest of what Holmes said reminded me of the way I feel about my life at the moment, or that is, what has just happened in my life. There’s an east wind coming all the same, such a wind as never blew on England yet. It will be cold and bitter, Watson, and a good many of us may wither before its blast. I have never before had to endure, or keep enduring, any of the things that have happened and begun to happen in and around me. It is colder, and more bitter, than I have ever had to go through before. I really felt, and sometimes feel, as if I might just go ahead and wither before its blast. But then again, I thought, but it’s God’s own wind none the less, and a cleaner, better, stronger land will lie in the sunshine when the storm has cleared. It’s true, my life right now, however cold and bitter it seems, and however much I feel like I might wither before its blast, is God’s own wind none the less, and I have the open choice to lie a cleaner, better, stronger person in the sunshine when the storm has passed. It might never completely pass of course, and probably won’t, these are only the shadow lands, to borrow another metaphor, but some day, I will lie a cleaner, better, stronger person in the sunshine of God, when the storm of this life has passed. I will hold on, however cold, however bitter, and not wither, not wither, looking to that day when I am a cleaner, better, stronger person, in the light of God, for my storm will have cleared.
of endless love,
I should have known this was coming. For a couple months now he has randomly pulled out some of his old tricks. Peeing in the bathtub, in the dog bowl, in his water bottle. I can't say that I blame him, If I had a hose that stuck out of my body, I'd probably see what creative ways I could come up with to empty my bladder as well. Unfortunately for me, his fun is my biohazard. The bad stuff started a week ago and so far there have been three major incidents.
Friend and top beer bloke Dave Bonighton will be in my very special guest, the beers are all lined up and the menu ready to roll.
I wanted to let people know about another new release by an artist whose first (full-length) album was posted here. Bruce Murdoch, one of the most under-rated folk singers to come out of the 1960s, has a new CD entitled Matters of the Heart, which you can purchase from his Web site. In an interesting contrast to the new Andy Zwerling release I mentioned a couple weeks ago, Murdoch's new music is less political (in the macro sense) and more hopeful than his first album. The songs, while introspective and melancholy at times, still seem to be largely songs of love and acceptance (even in the face absence). You can also preview some tracks on the Web site. For what it's worth, my recommendation is that you get a copy now.
13. house, condo, car, boy-servant, blah blah blah.
Today, I want to discuss with you the issues of the lemons and how they can come down on you. Many things can happen, you break up with your wife/husband, girlfriend/boyfriend, you lost a love one, etc. These things can be crippling and most people understand that, allowing you that time to breath and recollect yourself, that is not the problem. The problem we face is getting back up, to many times do I see people fall down and stay down. Hardest thing to do is to get up and staying down makes you the problem. People depend on you to stand up and be strong for them to. It’s okay to be sad, mad, etc. but neglecting your life because of your pain is not right to the ones who are still with you or yourself.
Shape specification:To begin with use the petal shaped one. I tried the circular ones but the petal shaped ones look more classier
11:06am
but only out of sympathy, or mourning.
2PM JOHN LYONS & LEIGH ADAMS WATER HARVESTING, EDIBLES AND CALIFORNIA NATIVES
Sometimes I do still feel like crying to myself in the shower and I do. I don’t cry as often as I once did, which is a good start. I realize in 20 years i’ll look at the scars on my arms and legs and tell myself how stupid I was, how I shouldn’t have been so careless, and I should have talked to someone as soon as I even thought about cutting. Venting on a blog no one reads was better help than telling any of my friends or family, as sad as that is… my friends and family wont ever know just how bad my depression was or how often I almost killed myself. They won’t know the horrible words I carved into my skin and they wont know how often I was called those words. The number of times I tried to kill myself wont ever come to light. There’s a lot of stuff I will always keep to myself, i’ll only share what Im comfortable sharing.
.two hands
Nov 7 – House of Blues – Dallas, TX (W/Cobra Starship)
Debuting under SM Entertainment, one of the country’s best entertainment management companies, is known to be a difficult task. They went through, from one to seven years of preparation before debuting. They can’t ignore the amount of harsh training they went through but the competition between the company’s trainees was, of course, really intense. This is the reason why rookie groups debuting under SM always gather the interest of many. EXO-K’s six members D.O, Kai, Suho, Chanyeol, Sehun and Baekhyun who recently debuted with “MAMA” all already passed these tests once. SM’s rookies of 2012, EXO-K, all personally went through this survival.
I was meant to go to Dublin on Saturday for a large company Ball that is hosted once a year-all inclusive stay in a lovely hotel, drinks, dinner, dancing....the nines. Unfortunately about 5am Saturday morning I woke up sicker than I have been in years. After spending about 6 hours throwing up everything I might have eaten in the last 2 weeks I decided that driving 2 hours from home wasn't a wise decision. Boo Hiss. I guess there's always next year!
* Inventory Manager
Mankind’s brain power has reached its peak and it is physically impossible for us to become any smarter, they say.
Is Love
My piece is a short story titled "The Explosion." I actually wrote it in the 4th grade. I had just finished reading The Series of Unfortunate Events and I was inspired by its plot and theme.
All the pain I went through;
April 6– Sunday– Washington, D.C.– President Lincoln sends a telegram to General McClellan, encouraging action. “I think you better break the enemy’s line from Yorktown to Warwick River, at once. They will probably use time as advantageously as you can.”
In mid-June 2009, Justin announced plans for a new extended-play record by Suavity's Mouthpiece, to be heralded by a single dedicated to & bearing a unique twist on Columbo's signature tune, "I Call it Madness, but You Call it Love". Released in August 2009, the single continued Trafford's streak of topping his own material in popularity with each succeeding release.
I happily bought it home knowing that I would never, in this life time anyway, ever make or eat deviled eggs. Neither would any of my kids or husband.
The Enneagram describes nine distinct personality types...nine different perspectives on life...nine ways of being in the world. The Reformer, The Helper, The Achiever, The Individualist, The Investigator, The Loyalist, The Enthusiast, The Challenger and The Peacemaker. I'm a "seven", aka The Enthusiast. I would highly recommend the book, The Wisdom of the Enneagram by Don Richard Riso and Russ Hudson to anyone interested in the Enneagram at all. This was a hot topic on my Christine Kane retreat last year....and I learned a TON about myself as a result.
corn on the cob
House of Love Shine on UK
I gave her a look that spoke volumes–nos. 2A through 4 of the International Encyclopedia of Camelid Medicine. “And what, may I ask, do you propose as an alternative?” I asked skeptically. You have to put these young people with their “holistic” medicine in their place before they start questionning tried-and-true methods the elder statesmen of the profession have perfected after years of stepping into llama poop.
Hello! Just a very quick post today just so I can say that I managed to do a post on the 29th February 2012!
313But all is calm in this eternal sleep;
But Monsieur Pascal knew that in the ancient world – and many periods since – a strong nose showed strength of character. If her nose had been weaker, maybe her character would have been weaker, too. Maybe her strong nose was one of the things that attracted Julius Caesar and Mark Anthony, two of the most powerful men in the world, to fall in love with her and marry her.
2 They use the e-cigarette to their advantage and promote it as a healthier alternative to tobacco smoking, and using the nicotine from their own tobacco to use in their e liquids.
TV host: He said it was permitted.
A study published last October by El Salvador’s Ministerio de Salud was unable to confirm the hypothesis, but did note that 82.5% of the men in the Bajo Lempa area – where CKD affects one in four men – are in contact with toxic agricultural chemicals. Salvadoran physician Ramón Gracia-Trabanino made similar conclusions in a study he published a decade ago. Most of the 205 CDK patients he examined lacked the normal risk factors such as diabetes and high blood pressure. Many, however, described “frequent occupational contact without adequate protection with insecticides and pesticides,” he wrote in the Pan American Journal of Public Health.
I feel the same way in my writing. I feel like I have caught up with an old friend and just keep going on and on about everything. A little more mystery would be nice. People don't need to know EVERYthing, do they? Even in writing?
For me, it was all about the sales for years. Just like grocery shopping, you eat whatever is on sale (although, I agree with Ed Griffin – not only do writers write daily, there is no such thing as a sale). Still, for years I washed with whatever was on sale.
you will not drown.
a couple squeezes of lemon* (represented in the picture below by the toy orange as I didn't have a lemon today so I left it out-- it IS still yummy!!!)
This is only one extreme. My life has always been extremes. Along with these sadnesses, there was equal happiness.
What really makes a person happy? Is it really relative to the person? Is there an answer that would satisfy all? Do we ever really get answers to our questions?
Ron Powell (percussion).
So I have to let people go out, find their happiness in self-determination, do what they like.
unbuttoning your blouse slowly, letting it flutter down behind you,
Return to the pan, correct seasoning with salt and pepper, then ass cream and a sprinkling of chopped chives.
The words don’t rhyme
Squama is a combination of Quartz, feldspar & Mica X2Y4–6Z8O20(OH,F)4, KAlSi3O8 – NaAlSi3O8 – CaAl2Si2O8, SiO2 and measure between 6& 7 , on the Mohs Scale of hardness
As I sit here writing this I also realize I miss that wall of Jell-O molds and all the memories each one held. I can still see them hanging on that wall like an arrangement of fine art work. But of all the molds that hung on that wall, there is one I seem to have missed.
There is also another group of people that I regularly encounter as I drive through certain parts of Atlanta on my way to meet a client or record my TV show. I see those who are living in impoverished conditions. I see many homeless people in addition to some who look like they may just be one step away from similar circumstances. What is worse is that a sense of hopelessness and despair hovers in the air and weighs on their faces.
and was glad to see that it fits perfectly in my Bible bag!
Phreak: Let me in. I need to see Xypherous.
EunYong : All three of us attended the same special Junior high school for traditional Korean music and we've been playing traditional music thus far.
discover occurred in ancient Sumeria.... It seems that among the first of the clay
Staying up late in my office, drinking wine from coffee mugs and half-assedly working on art projects.
Torch Power-up Bluff Collect 20 DK Coins
There is always tomorrow. While it still is supposed to be chilly, at least it should be dry.
I got a taste, albeit just an appetizer, of the life of a writer. To reiterate - awesome.
Many blessings and hope to you all.
Other things of note:
Again, rewriting is brutal business. It's one thing to rewrite a 1500 word blog essay, but working through 65,000 words is a much bigger fish to fry. But we each stayed the course. And now here I sit, version 2.0 on my screen, just about to hit the send button on the email its attached to, bound for Paradise Copies. As I tell this tale, I savor a fresh wave of satisfaction for sticking with it through another tough write-around.
