Mishnah: According to Rabbinical tradition, Moshe Rabenu, A”S, received both a Written and an Oral Torah on Mount Sinai. Whereas the Written Torah, which we know as the Five Books of Moshe Rabenu, A”S, was written down and copied, the Oral Torah was not. Instead it was passed from generation of Sages to the next generation, being given from Moshe Rabenu, A”S, till Yehoshu’a, A”S, and so on.
Hundreds upon hundreds of police, from at least Two forces. Saw no violence and the microphone system was a massive improvement.
After some online research I discovered that the name Mourlot referred to Atelier Mourlot, founded in 1852. It was a lithographic print shop located in Paris, France. They started as a printer of fine wallpaper and went on to produce illustrated books and high quality posters.
she sighs as she falls
Oil - 2 spoons
Spice containers: Bed, Bath, and Beyond
I'm back with slimming world recipes this week as I feel and look like a hippo and want to be a svelt gazelle (cant see that happening but a thin hippo would be a nice compromise) So its chicken and spinach curry for tea tonight mmmnnnn
Beautiful Eyes was born knowing
This is very interesting, it would do many ‘Marxist’ on twitter good to listen to this. I don’t consider myself a Marxist or Communist, so I post this because it is interesting.
Years on the Air
The Republican-controlled House late last Thursday passed a controversial bill, the Cyber Information Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA) (HR 3523), in a 248-168 vote. The bill would provide information-sharing liability protections for private companies that voluntarily provide information on cyberattacks to federal agencies. They could receive classified threat information in return, setting up a two-way exchange intended to bolster national cybersecurity.
He made his breakfast, I made mine- whenver we wake up. He does his morning chores. I wash some dishes.
Forget arguments about anarchist this, or Constitutionalist that, or any other ist you choose, this prohibition is the central nugget. By placing militias under the control of the Chief Executive, and providing for the use of that force to enforce compliance with laws, even, or especially, those laws which blatantly violate the Bill of Rights, we all lose.
So here is what I accomplished:
So, I find myself in an interesting dilemma. Who’s to say how things will work out? But I will most definitely keep writing, and making videos, and in general just living my life. And we’ll just have to wait and see how things go from there.
Anybody go to one of those "i heart thrifting" events? I heard at the last second there was a Philly event, but it was too last second for my preplanned kind of mind. So, not from this weekend, but here are some recent thrifting/yard sale finds. Enjoy!
1) Is it okay to wear peep-toes to a job interview? To work?
So, back to the 'how to communicate with patients' experience. When I arrived at outpatients yesterday there were a few people waiting, and shortly afterwards a nurse appeared to explain to people and write on the board that clinic was running 55 minutes behind. Anyone who's spent much time in hospitals knows this is either because the clinic is in utter chaos, or because it's running brilliantly and the consultant is choosing to give each patient as much time as they need, not the alloted time. Several people in the waiting room grumped and snarked about the delay, but I'd found the open staff wi-fi so was quite happy.
I took a step backwards and she lazily looked up at me. She watched me for a few seconds with big eyes and then slowly got to her feet. We stared at each other for a long time and then she started to bend her legs to pounce.
And if I don’t see a 60 percent rise in the count of eggs by the time this bag of feed is gone…
One thing is very clear: we are not dealing here with a nice story. The Snowman is a terrifying plot device to use - something that is usually so innocent and free from horror. I don't think I will ever, ever want to make a snowman again, especially not after reading passages like this:
Of all the things I saw on my voyage, I liked the kangaroos the best. This will come as no surprise to anyone who knows me, as kangaroos have been my favorite animal ever since I first had Winnie-the-Pooh read to me at the age of three. So I was pleased to discover that they are, in fact, very personable animals, and curious about people.
I will try to post an update on my blanket tomorrow. We will have to see.
o Greece’s population is roughly equal to the population of Ohio.
The universe is an awe-inspiring place, especially for those who know something about it. The more we learn, the more astonishing it seems. Newton said that if he saw further it was because he stood on the shoulders of giants. Today we can all stand on the shoulders of scientists and see deep and amazing truths about the universe and our place in it. We can understand how we and our earth are natural phenomena that arise from the laws of physics. Our ancestors viewed the night sky with a sense of wonder, but to see stars that explode in seconds and shine with more light than entire galaxies brings a new dimension to the awe. In our day, a scientist can turn her telescope to observe an earthlike planet trillions of miles away or study a spectacular internal universe in which a million million atoms conspire to create a tiny freckle. We know now that our earth is one world among many and that our species arose from other species. Science has revealed a universe that is vast, ancient, violent, strange, and beautiful, a universe of almost infinite variety and possibility, one in which time can end in a black hole and conscious beings can evolve from a soup of minerals. In such a universe it can seem that people are insignificant, but what is significant and profound is that we, ensembles of almost uncountable numbers of unthinking atoms, can become aware and understand our origins and the nature of the cosmos in which we live.
"To understand the discrimination in state policies regarding reproduction, imagine a government forcibly sterilizing men or allowing their mothers or wives or sisters to lock them up, beat them, or castrate them for sexual behavior" (pp. 117-118).
Hello Trauma. I hate you.
If you are interested in the romantic plot thread in DARKROOM, you’ll want to know about Special Agent Kyle Matthews. He’s got a stake in the investigation that brings him head to head with Xandra. Lots of push and pull in their relationship, and you wonder, what’s going to happen with these two? At times they’re like oil and water.
chopped onions – man what a nice brown gravy it made.
Bland was born and raised in Rosemark, a small town just outside Memphis. In 1947 he moved to the city with his mother and began his career, first as a singer in the gospel group the Miniatures, then in the loosely knit blues group the Beale Streeters, which included such future blues stars as Johnny Ace, B.B. King, Junior Parker, and Rosco Gordon .
When it became clear that the internet and its associated paraphernalia had come to stay, my family decided to invest in a brand new (and expensive) desktop, complete with all the latest hard and soft gadgetry that, to our minds, also had come to stay. To us, parents, deciphering the workings of the cyber-friendly software by means of actions performed on the not so friendly hardware was a whole new language, which we duly set out to learn the way we had learnt our other new languages: instruction leaflet in hand, we typed and clicked the rules that someone else had worked out for us, with kid gloves and bated breath.
THE EVIDENCE KEEPS MOUNTING
that you know what is in my heart
On a personal note, I'd like to deeply thank Scott and Michelle for being willing to take part in this with me. Both of them are going places, so I hope you will keep a close eye on them.
A recent report by IDFC Securities suggests at least 17 per cent of Indian banks’ outstanding loan assets could be on the verge of default. “Stubborn inflation, a spurt in interest rates and a slower economy are straining India Inc’s debt-servicing capacity,” it says.
I’ve written this post several times over but I struggle each time because our history is ugly. Leah and I didn’t have much of a relationship growing up. We lived in the same house and for several years, the same room. We were sisters by blood but that’s as far as the connection went for most of my life. I don’t want this post to bash my sister, that’s not why I am writing it. As an adult I have been able to look back and reflect on Leah’s early years, and gain perspective as to why she hated me (turns out she didn’t really hate me, she didn’t like herself and had a lot of inner pain). And because of my ability to remove myself from the equation and focus on understanding the bigger picture, I’ve been able to release myself of all ill feelings and resentment towards Leah.
Deckard goes into Isidore's empathy box and two weeks later comes out of the empathy box at his home with a real turtle. Once his wife sees he's alive they talk about Mercerism a bit and wrap up the plot. Buster Friendly revealed Mercer to be an actor (I'm going out of order here sorry this was earlier). At the end Deckard's wife says Buster Friendly presented android parts belonging to Deckard, telling the world that Luna Luft's killer was Deckard, an andy. So Deckard is off the hook.
The right career that is. I’m in a pretty critical year at school right now; I need to decide where I want to go in life, what uni, what field, what job. Is it a safe job? Can I do it anywhere in the world? Is it respected? Will it bring me joy? Money? A challenge?
“For over 20 years Somalis have faced the horror of famine and war. The Last Hijack is a story about survival in this failed state. It is about the rise of piracy and how it affects the people around it.”
At home I am real good about eating healthy and watching our fat and calorie intake. My lunches and snacks during the day are usually pretty simple and boring and healthy. Dinner I go a little more fun, but still only make healthy dishes. I have several low fat/low cal cookbooks and subscribe to a fab healthy cooking magazine. I've found quite a bit of good tasting meals that are good for us.
I barely made it in the house before I was ripping the box open, and as soon as my daughter went to bed that night, I started a and dropped in a bath bomb.
The Showgirl and I had the good fortune to be invited to a friend's home in the Australian Embassy to watch the traditional Bastille Day fireworks. As luck would have it, the Embassy looks directly over the Eiffel Tower. We're talking so close you can almost see the whites of the eyes of people as they go up in the elevators.
I also grab the leader of the day when I need something done.
Looking to the future – in England’s case – Wayne Rooney highlighted Harry Redknapp as his choice to lead the national side. The striker stating ‘Got to be English to replace him (Capello), Harry Redknapp for me’.
Carmel Apple or Cotton Candy? Caramel Apples are legitimately my favorite food of all time. ALL. TIME. Luke has bought them for me for Valentine’s Day presents, special “surprise” treats, and for pretty much any occasion where he feels he should suck up to me. It always works.
Australia Day is a comedy, it is billed as a comedy and by the title alone we can gather that it might be some sort of commentary on the concept of Australia Day or what it means to be Australian. It opens with a short film designed to set the scene in a smallish country town. We meet the local committee for organising Australia Day - The Chair and also the Mayor of the town, a well meaning Liberal voting late 50's male, then his right hand man, Liberal 50's, then a local farmer, National voter 50's and a CWA member - female, National voter 50''s. Into this throw a mid 20's Vietnamese man and a early 40's Green party member woman "from the city" and perhaps you have a rough idea already as to the timbre of joke. Julian urged me time and time again to look past what seems obvious, and most easily laudable, and instead try and look at what the playwright was actually working with. The idea of Australia Day - clearly, politics - certainly, a sort of country vs city energy (and extending from that the haves and the have-nots) and among that tackling morality and the notion of morality. I'm not saying that any if it was handled deftly, just that it was handled.
Don joined the Milt Britton Band at Loew's State Theater, Times Square, New York. He played for Van Alexander, Claude Thornhill, and in May of 1941 he joined Les Brown. Don remained with Les Brown until January of 1942 at which time he entered the Navy. He was stationed at Great Lakes Naval Station for two years. During this time he led his own band and performed with such noted artists as Andre Kostelanetz, Lily Pons, John Charles Thomas, Vladmir Horowitz, Nathan Milstein, Fritz Kreisler, Ferde Grothe and many others. While at the Great Lakes Naval Station, Jacoby was chosen as the "Star in Uniform" to perform with Tommy Dorsey on the Raleigh Cigarette program. In December of 1943 he married Doris Robinson of Waukegan, Illinois. He was with the Sam Donahue Navy Bank in the European Theater of operations for 13 months during which time his first son Mike was born.
Now, here is where you have to use your common sense. Turn on your machine on the "dough" setting and let it mix all the ingredients for a few minutes. Stay at the machine and watch it. You probably need to add more liquid. I can't tell you how much to add because all flour is different and even the humidity in your home will effect the amount of water you'll need to add at this point. If the dough is too dry, start adding water from a cup in very small amounts. Let the machine mix it in well before you judge whether you need more. One of the skills of breadmaking is judging the right amount of water and I always poke my finger in to check it. You're hoping for a moist dough that has mixed in all the ingredients - you don't want dry dough and you don't want sloppy dough. When you're happy that you've got it right, let the machine do it's work. I'll just say that the amount of liquid you'll add will be between 1½ cups and 2 cups. How much of that extra ½ cup you add you'll have to decide.
As the ‘War Machine’ rolls into town for a summit, expect that the
Link up your projects here, then hop over to Erin at The Great Indoors, Katie at Bower Power, and Sherry at Young House Love to see the masterpieces they whipped up! We can't wait to see what you've been pinnin' & makin', so make like Lindsay Lohan and hook up with all of us! I hope to share some of my favorite projects from your links in a future post (Bear with me, my kids are on Spring Break, so it may take a few extra days.)
“I don't want to give any advice to a 19-year-old, because I want a 19-year-old to make mistakes and learn from them. Make mistakes, make mistakes, make mistakes. Just make sure they're your mistakes.”
He was wrong.
The end of the week has been with me for as long as I remember. Looking forward to trying out some new equipment or ideas, visiting somewhere new, meeting new people. It’s what life should be all about. Expanding horizons and challenging yourself for the better.
We cannot let them. England is too important to be erased from the pages of modern history. The English are too valuable a people to allow this to happen. When I write of England, it may well be through rose-coloured glasses, but to me all of the above is England, it is my England, it is your England, and once again, history beckons us to defend it.
One great thing about LegoLand is that in every line that was an designated Lego play area so if the lines were long the kids could go and play while their parents held their spot. Fortunately we didn't have to use them since we didn't wait in any lines, but Trevor went to play while we waited on Brody and Jason to ride another roller coaster.
When chicken is thawed, heat grill to medium heat.
your gaze would return to me.
Wouldn't YOU??No, really, wouldn't you love to be this strong, this flexible, this beautiful????
Q004) What is 2NE1’s charm that you understand because you’re a member?
in deciding whether title to land should be ‘invalidated', a job it gives to a state bureaucracy (a new land management commission).
cat nose smears on the window
Their skin rough
What is your biggest obstacle when it comes to pitching yourself as an author and what steps have you taken to overcome that obstacle?
Veg Oil: 11/4 cup
Anything that didn't show from the street was left for another phase. I kept the old vinyl windows but all the old siding and trim that was under the vinyl was painted. The difference is barely noticeable.
Any road. Firsts of the month! Mondays! What are the days you dread?
there to
Recorded at the Swedish Radio, Stockholm, March 4, 1959, except for track 1, recorded live at Nalen, Stockholm, around the same date.
In the upcoming weeks this face
But for America Singer, being Selected is a nightmare. It means turning her back on her secret love with Aspen, who is a caste below her. Leaving her home to enter a fierce competition for a crown she doesn't want. Living in a palace that is constantly threatened by violent rebel attacks.
Trees and dirt is what my favorite boy heads for when we're at the farm. Here he is with a big grin, just as happy as ever doing the stuff that boys do.
Landau is then questioned by and an East Coast American, "Johnny." They are suspicious of some angry telephone calls he's had with a woman named Lydia, and of his meeting at the audio fair with Katya, whom he claims was wearing a blue dress and a wedding ring, and - judging by the size of her hips - is probably a mother of children, too.
Too busy to cook?
For example, the blog has EPO Form 2300 available as a download to enable opponents to launch oppositions.
There is a boy that loves the land,
We have decided that she will be Skye Lilly and no middle name but known as Skye for day to day. Thanks everyone.
A Very Potter Musical/Sequel
In addition, of course, each IT project managers responsible for an individual project, works directly with the outsourced vendor and his team. This is a very typical scenario. However, the risk of an information gap is very real, between the project teams and team overseeing the overall outsourced operation. In extreme situations this gap in communication can get perceived as a conflict within the user organisation, especially in a complex multi-vendor situation, when multiple on-going projects are being delivered.
Although Schechter has now voted to ordain gay students, I wonder if there will still be problems with faculty members or fellow students who still oppose it. (Although I suppose the same issue might have arisen at the other rabbinical schools that have begun to admit gay students - JTS and the Ziegler School in Los Angeles).
I read all three of these, and they were all great. GONE, GONE, GONE and GRAFFITI MOON have made my top reads of 2011 list, and ME@YOU.COM is a fun addition to the LGBT category of young adult.
Why and how might analytic thinking reduce religious belief? Although more research is needed to answer this question, Gervais and Norenzayan speculate on a few possibilities. For example, analytic thinking may inhibit our natural intuition to believe in supernatural agents that influence the world. Alternatively, analytic thinking may simply cause us to override our intuition to believe and pay less attention to it. It’s important to note that across studies, participants ranged widely in their religious affiliation, gender, and race. None of these variables were found to significantly relate to people’s behavior in the studies.
It felt like Play-Doh.
The crime situation in the ANC controlled New SA is out of control and beyond repair.
#72
Last Saturday was the day for the Blogapalooza
I would like, before I go, to say a very big 'thank you' to Sally from Lavender Attic and Olga from There Where Is Soleil for my recent blog awards. Seriously, I am tickled pink! I'm supposed to pass it on to 15 newly-discovered blogs but permission to be a lazy lump and dedicate it to all the blogs I follow? :-) It gets harder to think of seven interesting things so I'll indulge in a few basics:-
On the night before the project, my mom and I spent about an hour tearing strips of blue, green, and purple tissure paper to represent the water in the project. We also tore green and pink tissue paper into circles to use for lily pads and flowers.
So bless God, you angels,
We have at present some singularly brilliant beers in the UK, but perhaps we should mix it up some.
But since the negligibly senescent won’t be dying as early, and will probably not reproduce (to prevent overpopulation), they may become highly susceptible to infectious disease. Defenders of SENS can, of course, interject here that medical advances may be able to counter the effect of these highly adaptive bacteria and viruses. This is indeed possible, but that’s not the issue. The issue is whether it is likely. Bacteria evolve quickly, are we confident that medical advances will outpace them? This is something we need to consider when determining the desirability of pursuing SENS.
You made it easier for me.
My older child is a weirdo. And I love him dearly.
Welcome to this week's Sweet Saturday Sample. Today's sample is the last bit of a scene I have been sharing from Wren Romany over the past few weeks. If you follow my Facebook page (http://www.facebook.com/RachelRossanoRambles), you probably caught a few of my favorite quotes from Wren's novel. This week's Sweet Saturday Sample is written from Tourth's POV and continues last week's scene. Tourth and Wren are sparring.
HMANA’s new HawkWatch Fund took flight this spring and it was a huge success.
How does knowledge of racial stereotypes influence our behavior? Can we limit their influence? I will answer these questions in Part II of "An Inconvenient Truth."
Tim is still blessed to be employed by Spectrum Industries, and the company has had one of their most profitable sales-years yet, even in this very hard econonic time. Tim leads a men's small group that meets weekly at our church and he also is serving the Vice Chairman of the Board of Elders for Kentwood Community Church.
Paul did not let all of these problems overwhelm him. He was content knowing that his life was in God’s hands, and that the Lord would bring him through it in a way that would be best for him. Somehow or another God would use all these troubles to grant Paul the grace of growing in faith, hope, and love. Knowing that he was safe in God’s hands, whether in life or in death, Paul rested in God’s eternal love. He knew that God would give him the strength to do whatever needed to be done at the moment.
As you all already know my current obsession is Harem pants. Recently Gilt had a sale on Corpus a brand carried by my very favorite boutique Oak. They featured a very now pair of harem sweat pants in grey and black. I knew the Gods were smiling down on me.
Thursday June 3, 2010
I recently met with his teacher to discuss his progress in the classroom. He's behind the other kids in reading and math because they hadn't done that stuff yet in his Paris school. His teacher says Lucien is learning quickly, but will catch up even faster if he "stops trying to entertain the class like a pint-sized Robin Williams all the time."
❝Hocking, it's safe to say, is not a stylist. Her work reads like a high school creative-writing assignment, full of typos and misused words and lifeless language. But while wordcraft may not be her thing, Hocking definitely does have something. Despite its faults, the trilogy zips along pleasantly enough, and although the books aren't remotely in the same league as Harry Potter or The Hunger Games, they do poke at the same pleasure centers.❞ And as to Locke? This is what Brunner has to say:
so tight that it makes me whole face scrunch,
I’m sure on my next shopping trip, when I see the stand, I will definitely try more!
So, in the space of less than six months, the introduction to technology course has become obsolete. There is absolutely no need to divorce it from the main course. I remembered a great post by Marisa Constantides about how she is integrating edtech tools in her pre-service certificate courses. Read about it here. It makes so much sense. This is so obviously the future .. or in fact, the present!
Q. You describe yourself as a “reformed newspaper man.” Any advice for those going through a similar change?
Together, the sales and marketing teams operate a double-sided attack which ensures that just as a book becomes available in bookshops across the country, its potential readers will become aware of it, it so maximising its sales.
An amazing man, I salute him, his death is a terrible loss but this cause will not go unheeded.
September 11, 2001 was a beautiful day. The skies were blue and summer was over. People were returning to work after a long holiday weekend. Kids were going back to school. Seminars were being attended. Contractors were soliciting business. People were riding the elevators. Coffee was being brewed. Calls were being made. Pictures being developed. Folks were laughing and dreams of Halloween, Thanksgiving, and Christmas were coming to mind. Oh, what a beautiful day.
30 Minute Trail Hike/Walk/Jog
3 tablespoons (or more if needed) of olive oil
Yeah, she was a stubborn idiot.
It’s what the media elite tried to do to Fjordman, but it didn’t work.
The quasi stationary storm lingered on above the canyon for more than three hours, dumping about 30cm (1 foot) of rain into the basin. “Eight inches of rain fell in one hour-long stretch, and turned the normally placid two-foot-deep trickle into a raging torrent of water 19 feet high. Sweeping 10-foot boulders in front of it, the wall of water sped down the canyon slope. Cars, campers, and buildings in its path had no chance of survival.”
Local Champions confirmed are Beer Diva Kirrily Waldhorn and brewers Brad Rogers and Brendan Varis from Stone & Wood and Feral Brewing Co respectively. As good friends all of Beer Blokes, a special bell to stop us from chatting away together all night may need to be sourced.
Although the day was geared towards researchers and more theoretical than I am used to there were some really interesting themes from the day that align nicely with the whole remote working/event amplification area. Here are my notes…
Hi Readers — We have all heard from parents who would LIKE to let their kids have the kind of stay-out-till-the-streetlights-come-on childhoods they themselves enjoyed. BUT, say those parents, “Times have changed. It feels so much more dangerous now!”
‘In reality, Assad is the Western agent in the Iranian and Russian back yard. He is well protected by both Mossad and MI6. He and his father have kept stability along the Syrian and Israeli border since the last war in 1973′. Its still all about Israel. Libya’s Gaddafi went down without hesitation from NATO because in reality, there was no connection between him and Israel and Libya has a lot of oil. It made more sense to attack him than it is now with Syria. The only problem the super powers face is who might step in power after Assad. The problem with Syria is that Turkey is ready to attack and Saudi Arabia are too and if the revolution in Syria is a success, then the next ones in power would be sunnis and the west doesnt want that at all. Iran is concerned about losing Syria as a major ally and do not want to see sunnis being in power because Iran would lose a great ally to them.
And that history? Hugh O'Neill, 2nd Earl of Tyrone, was known as The Great O'Neill and recognized as the King of Ireland as late as 1598 - 1600, gaining power and renown through the Nine Years War, hammering against the English.
The chief means through which Eric does this are his careful wordsmithing and his glorious voice. In his excellent play-by-play review of Birds, S. D. Smith calls Eric a “songbird” – and ne’er a more spot-on word was spoken. Often with singer-songwriters, the deal is that we live with the singing for the sake of the songwriting. Not so with Eric. His voice – he’s a tenor with a nice falsetto, blessed with a good range and a pleasing timbre throughout – is cultivated, in the best sense. That is, you can tell Eric works on his voice, but in no sense is it manufactured; it has neither the pretentiousness of some operatic tenors nor the affectations of many pop singers. And his voice recorded is more than a pleasing palette of sounds. From its clarity and presence, I’d guess (I’ve not had the pleasure of meeting him) that Eric’s voice is simply the man himself, exhaling – and transfigured in the exhaling. It’s a broad-ranged instrument that captures wonderfully the nuances of image and mood in his lyrics – pensive, mournful, resolute, and exultant.
Whenever I visit New Orleans I love to stay at the Hotel Monteleone, not just because we are related to the owners, but because it exudes the essence of the city. It is easy to understand how it has earned the title of “Grande Dame of the French Quarter.” Its beaux-art architecture blends in beautifully with the rest of the Vieux Carre.
L: Yes. I have to clean my room and clean the living room. I have to put everything where it belongs. Mom doesn't like it when I just shove stuff in my closet or under my bed. I have to put my dirty clothes in the laundry and sometimes I have to watch my baby brother, Teague.
The June mailing of 1,357 State Restriction of Appointment (SROA) notices to employees at CDCR Headquarters delivered evidence of California’s continuing fiscal crisis to mailboxes at home.
the hows, the whys
Even if we came out on top, we lost club captain, Fabregas and Theo Walcott.
My brother Kevin and sis-in-law Bec brought date night to the hospital tonight. They found a fun little Peruvian restaurant near the hospital and brought us some delish cuisine! We will definitely need to check this place out. It was so fun to just hang out and chat about normal things and happenings outside of hospital life.
Well, this is a little embarrassing. I can’t recall the name of it and I will no doubt forget all about it within 24 hours of reading it. It’s one of my guilty pleasure books, a Love Inspired Suspense paperback that I got for free by temporarily joining their book club. (Update: That’s what I WAS reading when I started writing this. Since then I’ve read Up Country for my book club, The Horse and His Boy which I found laying around the house somewhere, and probably more that I can’t remember. I’m actually currently reading Freakanomics.)
Anthony Trollope:
An act of naming should quite rightly enable me to call any-thing a self-portrait,
It has been successfully used aboard ships to repel Somali pirates.
What strategies have you learned to pace yourself on the journey?
Bramble Rye, as its name implies, is aged in rye whiskey barrels and brewed with raspberries and blackberries added. It's classified as an Imperial Stout and American Double and is 12.7% ABV. We cracked open the bottle and were immediately overwhelmed with a huge raspberry and blackberry smell.
This picture was taken on May 3rd after my doctor's appointment and I can see a big difference between then and now.
When I finally felt better physically, and could listen to the shrieking without being taken over by it, I was eager to go for a run. It had been days since my enjarre encounter. I waited until evening so there would be no crowds at the church, since I was still not quite ready to deal with that challenge.
1. ”Birds of a feather flock together”
Sassy is being sold because she is green and I don't have time to work with her. She was my nephew's horse, but he lost interest in her when he bought a motorcycle. He only rode her once after buying her from a friend (who did all the training on her) who was heading to college.
The wrinklies all had a superb chinese banquet at Kam Koon Restaurant in Springwood. I was happy to see Helen and Paul back from their holiday in New Zealand and Ann and George back from their holiday in Cairns. I had a table all to myself but no one gave me any banquet, no wonder I am so skinny. Maybe Ann will feed me some of her delicious jelly slice when we get home.
The witness claimed that the policeman then pumped two more bullets into the wounded victim.
I’ve often found myself labelling other people as being ‘wise’ or ‘having wisdom beyond their years’. This label is usually awarded because they’d either made a decision that I thought was tactical, or said something that I thought was profound.
We were able to find our seats and get everything situated for the show with about 15 minutes to spare. Mad props to Mommy B for going the extra mile and getting us some premo seats - about 20 rows up with a full view of the action. I knew this would come in handy because Alli wouldn't have to constantly turn her head to see all the action. Obviously, I've been to a few circuses in my day. Just as we all got settled, the lights went out. That's when the fun began.
Web design students have projects to work on while I am gone (in addition to lynda.com training for Matt).
Maybe I will “solve” some of my dilemmas, gain some clarity, gather some strength. Maybe I won’t.
Before: Standard office fare. Bad vinyl flooring, ceiling tiles, soul crushing depression.
The days are short and dreary and gloomy. It's cold. It's wet. There's mud.
The second thing that has happened is the Catholic sex scandals involving children, and how the church has utterly failed by protecting the wrong side in this - the criminal Priests. Call me old fashioned but a child molester is a criminal and the child is the victim, not the other way around.
An old Masai coolie said: the lion has killed a man, that’s the roar after a kill.
It comes in Chocolate, Black, White or Crumb Cake.
Cure Boys don’t cry UK
As a ward visitor I have been told by many patients that their physical needs are ignored while doctors focus on their mental health condition. Not being listened to will more often than not make us more depressed. The key is to not let them ignore you and to do it in a non threatening way. People with a mental health problem on average, die 20 years younger than those without them. Doctors are frequently ignoring people with mental illnesses, people have died because they have not been listened to (click here to visit Rethink’s webpage on the issues and view their campaign).
We have also filmed interviews with a family in another Northern town who have suffered the same thing involving over twenty young white girls. This paedophile ring is under police investigation at the moment and we cannot announce the location of the town where the sexual terrorists are operating until the police arrest them.
Beer Style: Porter
Now, forgive me for stating the bleeding obvious, but the Fascist salute adopted by the Fascisti of Italy, was the salute of the Roman Empire. Used by many other Nationalist organisations across Europe, it has been called the 'spear' due to the perfect straight line of the arm from shoulder to finger tips. The open palm symbolises trust, as no weapon can be thus concealed. Does the salute given by Breivik look like an open handed Roman salute?
So... Tracy added that 'heart-felt' plea for a job (with a clean white smock) on just ONE fortuitous day. (Oct. 22 according to the NY Post) And that was the day she got a job with her NEW sign!
We saw Home Depot had a 15% off special order doors, which we knew we'd have to have because of our size, so we went into check it out...months ago. Like back in January. We found a door we liked that was marked down to $875 for the double doors, which was an amazingly great price, so we went to the door sales guy to place the order.
Gallery 4B
What I found when I started reading through this little book was that rather than delivering sweet little platitudes about motherhood to encourage me, it actually challenged me. As I found myself reading all the things that "A Mother's Heart Knows", I realized that being a mother is a high calling indeed, and I am not always living up to all that God has called me to be for my children. It was AWESOME! I found myself saying things like, "Oh yes, that is so true." and "Oh, I've kind of let that slide a little." and "Wow, I really should be doing that, shouldn't I?" and "God has truly given me a gift in letting me be a mom. I need to be seeking Him more in how He'd like me to do this job!"
Upon further inspection, I noticed that he bore a striking likeness to Lou Ferrigno. The lack of shirt. The too-short pants. The "I just got out of jail" physique. I have a feeling I would not like this guy very much if he was angry.
any discussion
I really love the space and the rugs really do warm everything up. I knew I was going to get some great rug inventory, I but I was blown away by the beauty, quality, and variety (think ABC Carpet and Home in NYC). These rugs are REAL antiques.
Amy longs to see her Doctor again, but she can’t, he’s dead. River then says “Oh mother, he isn’t dead, don’t you want to know what he whispered in my ear?” Amy assumes it was his name. River says no it wasn’t his name. Amy says that the Doctor said he was about to whisper his name to River, but he clearly didn’t. He whispered something to stop the astronaut killing him. River reminds Amy about rule number one. The Doctor lies. So do I, she says. River says her life is one giant spoiler. She’s had to keep it from Amy that she’s her daughter, and keep secret about the astronaut: she knew all along it was going to shoot the Doctor. So Amy pushes her to say what the Doctor whispered in her ear before he went off to America to get shot. River grins and says “that man, always thinking so far ahead”.
Throughout the entire book Meursault is feeling guilt for the death of his mother. Nobody directly accuses him of being a factor until the end, but he feels the need to justify that it was not his fault to every person he talks to about it. Reading this was a bit comforting, it made me feel as though maybe everyone feels guilt when someone dies.
What you were really hearing was how to PRETEND TO KNOW HOW TO FLY FISH LIKE A PRO. 80-90% of the guys out there right now trying to fly fish are doing just that. Don’t you be another poser, wanna-be, loser punk. Stick around here and we’ll get you on the right track, because God knows what we don’t need is another generation of stupid *$# retards stomping around the rivers scaring the trout to heck and back and wearing idiotic hats. If I wanted that I’d go to a TU field trip somewhere.
do any of you remember when a scrapbook was this big book with non-acid-free paper? when you put everything in it because you didn't care how long it would last? when you added pictures, ticket stubs, cartoons, whatever? when there was no pressure to make it a work of art?
I just finished reading The Great Gatsby so I finally got to put it out on display. Such a pretty book (on top of the pile). Time to by another Modern Classic? Problem is, I have a rule that if I buy them, I have to read them and I really want to get into the Hunger Games. Hmmm. I guess I'll wait. I picked up the shy owl last week at Winners. He's been moving around the house a lot because he looks so cute everywhere!
Tang Hoon (Glass Noodle), 1 small bunch, soaks in room temperature water to soften.
what a dick he is
You want more goose bumps? He was right handed. That’s my opinion, because he preferred to draw the animals facing left and that’s the natural way for a right-handed person to draw. The hand he showed us in his hand print (above) is the hand that made the drawings.
Half way through the novel, Deeba is told by the book of prophecies that she must complete seven tasks and collect seven items before she can get the weapon that the Smog is most afraid of. I remember almost groaning at this point, thinking I’m half way through the book, and now a quest is about to begin?! It seemed like such a tedious concept that I almost doubted Miéville for just a second, until his real plan unfolded. When you’re fighting to save a world from the Smog, you don’t have time to complete seven tasks and collect a bunch of pointless objects that seemingly have no real use. Deeba instead, heads straight to the final task – obtaining the weapon to kill the Smog. The whole concept of taking stereotypical fantasy tropes, and breathing a much-needed bit of fresh air into them, really made this story its own, for me. I laughed inwardly many a time, acknowledging just how clever and original Miéville always is, without fail.
Daddy was a very small man, very neat and clean. He weighed no more than 110 pounds; always dressed in starched and creased tan pants, a starched white shirt with the cuffs folded above the wrists and he always wore black dress shoes.
Oh yeah...I'm an idiot. What do you think? Should we tweet this to CBS and see if we can still get on the show? Haha, I doubt it but DUDE...I about peed my pants. Gotta love it. (Sorry for all the videos lately...for some reason we have been iphone video crazy.)
Don’t give up on learning. The next course could tie everything together and give you the right distinctions that make the difference to you.
"The results of the genetic testing came back and they show a triplication of the 21st chromosome."
"I'm hallucinating, this is just wrong."
*4 eggs ( I only used 2 eggs)
My top five current longings:
Boil the juice with the other ingredients for 5-10 minutes. Check for the setting point by spooning a little amount of the liquid on to a plate and wait for it to cool down. Check after a minute and if it has set. If so pour into sterilized jar and let cool down.
TO THE FRENCH.
One of 2 vintage Lobby Cards I have for that film. I also have a One Sheet which gets my top prize for most misleading movie poster ever... it pictures John Garfield, Eleanor Parker and Dane Clark all smiling and holding hands and off to the side a close up of Garfield and Parker together, smiling and rosie cheeked - one would instantly think its a fun-filled musical like "Yankee Doodle Dandy"or silly war-time farce like "Pillow to Post"! HARDLY!
I'm so excited to celebrate it with my family.
Naturally, as soon as I do this, the sun will stop shining, early morning frost will appear, and weather forecasters everywhere will be scratching their heads over the mysterious drop in temperature. It happens every year. It’s the Seasonal Wardrobe Rotational System syndrome.
State: Chillin, pondering if I can smuggle in Cuban Cigars
On the tenth day of Christmas my children gave to me...
Andrew: Ahh yes – I often tell it at gigs.
Got in a little hometown jam so they put a rifle in my hand
Occupy Street Tactics
Alan Woollcombe wrote Rupert Bear, interviewed 'duck man' Carl Barks on his only visit to the UK, watched a lunar eclipse with one of the original Dan Dare artists, and had a Mexican meal with Frank Miller in LA. Now in exile in Cornwall, he divides his time between journalism and PR, but is open to offers via alanwoollcombe@yahoo.com
British National Party National Organiser Adam Walker was arrested today outside the offices of Wakefield District Housing for registering a complaint about the company’s persecution of employee Colin Atkinson for displaying a small Christian cross in his work van.
Thank you darling
· Regularly change the course, for new requirements
Peel and devein the shrimp, leaving the tails on. Place them on a sheet pan with the olive oil, salt, and pepper and spread them in one layer. Roast for 8-10 minutes, just until pink and firm and cooked through. Set aside to cool.
Train, train. Cutting through Cornwall
(Little known fact: Thirty-six miles outside of Nazca, Peru, there are other mysterious lines carved into the desert plain. Those lines only make left-hand turns and they are called the Lines of Nascar.)
1921
The Mets had pitchers and catchers are due to report by today (though many did yesterday), and my hopes for the likes of Jenrry Mejia, Jon Niese, and Josh Thole are at their height.
It was certainly hard to put this book down once it got into the thick of things. The tension builds up as the ending approaches. Apparently it was also made into a movie. Finally, the novel bears a strong connection to many of the themes in Lord of the Flies. Not uplifting, but beautifully written.
Perabo is a tenured creative writing professor, and very much so in her faithfulness to the whole concept of narrative structure and technique. I would still prefer someone who’s a little sick in the head, a little less sober (here’s your cue, Miranda July), but Who I Am Supposed To Be transports me back to my university workshop days, and I’ll probably say it’s a good thing if one is to recall all the raw discussions on imagination and the creative process and the byproduct such as these short stories. The deftness is a major factor in Perabo’s work, but it is the wide range of narrative voices that is most attractive in this collection: the believable male voice, the rich amalgam of perspectives from the young and old.
I didn’t even know who she was at the time. Thought she was just another dumpy old mad woman. We got those a lot round here. Especially after 10am when they can travel for free.
Before Cathy reads my blog and gets all annoyed that I didn’t mention her, I am planning on writing a post about her surprise party. It went VERY well!
If you are one of my followers (at any of my blogs), I hope that you'll stick around. I appreciate your support, comments, and friendship. I truly enjoy those of you who converse with me on a daily (or weekly) basis. :-)
My vision is admittedly very romanticized; an used bookstore is a business like any other. But I think used bookstores manage to fill a certain need in people that seek either the atmosphere or the bargains, which big box stores will never be able to satisfy in quite the same way. This must be why, in our age of Kindles, nooks, Amazon.com and stores like Barnes and Noble and Books-A-Million, used book stores refuse to die off.
While the gameplay is enjoyable and the mechanics are well designed (the combat is clunky for sure but it works) this isn’t anything surprising or revolutionary.
Parish maps of the area note the locations of Aboriginal sites but not the glyphs in every edition.
And now I'm wondering what a person like me needs to do /should do / can do in order to try and make things right?
The show was free with donations to Great Ormond Street Hospital and featured some of the biggest stars in European wrestling, including Rampage Brown, El Ligero, The Leaders of the New School, Jonny Storm, Alpha Female, the stars of Lucha Britannia, Doug Williams and the Agenda
I've been spending most of my time sitting around lately. At least it seems that way. Really, it's a lot of feeding the baby, changing the baby, forgetting to change the 2-year old, remembering that I need to go to the bathroom too, making/re-heating meals, driving 5-year old to preschool, sleeping (sort of), going up and down the stairs to get burp cloth, 2-year old's shoes, my sweater, a drink, etc. I only have short periods of time available to do something other than the above but it's hard to start doing anything knowing that I'll have to stop in about fifteen minutes and maybe start again in a half hour or maybe not for several hours. Needless to say, this time around it's a lot different.
“Too much of a good thing can be wonderful…” – Mae West
101 = 1100101
But the chicken? It was absolutely lovely and I'll definitely make it again exactly as I did this one. Whether lazy or busy, it would be the perfect choice for a dinner that doesn't need to be fussed over. This recipe can be found in Dorie Greenspan's newest book, Around My French Table. To see what others have made this week, visit French Fridays with Dorie!
India- The country acknowledged world-wide for a remarkable cultural and religious diversity. Such is the extent of the diversity of faith here that it sometimes makes me wonder if the Martians too are aware of our well-proclaimed and thoroughly advertised ‘unity’. People of various cultures, religions, backgrounds and beliefs do live harmoniously on this 3,287,590 sq land. This is exactly what we all read in our geography books as kids. A dream which we all believed and lived in. But as we grew up, those dreams snapped to let reality seep in. The veracity which showed itself was ugly and it made us question our own selves. It made us doubt if we really lived as harmoniously as mentioned in our school texts. And what we got as replies were dreadful.
In the nearby town of Bisby, and while the rest of his gang is away, Wade is captured by the local sheriff. Haasty arrangements are made to make sure that Wade is sent off to jail at once, where he'll surely be executed. The only problem is that Wade's gang is due back in town any minute, and they sure as hell won't be too happy to see their boss in shackles. Another problem? The sheriff doesn't have enough men to safely transport Wade. Evans steps up and offers his help, in exchange for $200 in order to help pay his debts. Evans leaves his boys at home, telling them to care for the farm and their mother. The terms are agreed and the crew sets out to make sure they get Wade on the titular 3:10 train to Yuma at all costs.
We are doing well.. Mac is growing like a weed! He's 3 weeks today and I already can't imagine what my life was like 3 weeks ago!! I am introducing him to a very busy social schedule!! We have lots of lunches and visits from friends. Thank god for my friend Michelle who has been soo helpful in keeping us busy and entertained and just there when I need some mom advice!
“You what?” Ted stared at the girl, but the girl wouldn’t answer.
So this weekend I'll keep pricking my fingers and playing with the numbers.
dry
ND's released a webisode with a teaser of a new song: Push & Shove. It's ska, poppy, with some rock vibes, and has a great groove (p.s. the Mr. hates ska. How can that be? I seriously think he may need a psychological assessment!!)
But believe it or not, there's even more than just Astaire, Rogers and Berlin to recommend this movie. The sumptuous art direction of veteran set designer Van Nest Polglase succeeds in putting across this magical fantasy world in which the characters reside. Delightful character actors Edward Everett Horton and Eric Blore are pure gold in every scene they share. And Erik Rhodes is charmingly weaselish as the flustered heavy Alberto Beddini.
I will have to do my best to catch this interview as this is the stuff I have been writing about for some time now.
When it comes to education one size does not fit all. Sometimes an oral approach with speech therapy is successful and sometimes a signed environment best meets the needs of a student. It's frustrating that both sides of the oral vs. manual debate cannot put forth all the educational options for parents. Too often doctors give misleading or one-sided information--keeping parents in the dark--to push their own agendas.
I think what we're seeing is the result of the misnamed BridgePort IPA--one of Oregon's most popular beers. Though it tastes big enough to be an IPA, it has the advantage of drinkability: people knock back a couple-three and they're not staggering around. All the flavor, but manageable alcohol. No other IPA has cracked BridgePort's domain because they tend to be actual IPAs--7% alcohol or more--which are just too big for people to drink regularly.
I was a bus girl at Roosters and worked under four different waitresses that were all thin bottle blondes with skin like stale vinyl. They cursed and smoked in the hall between the restrooms and the cigarette vending machine. Roosters had a gravel parking lot and a corrugated metal roof, but was one of the nicest restaurants in the county. It had two rooms for customers: the main dining room with a grand piano on a stage in the middle and linens and candles on the tables, and the bar area, which had a black lounge singer named Georgette who a voice like velvet in surround sound. I like working the bar because Southerns like to get soused and when they get soused they have a hard time counting out an appropriate tip. Course I only got 10% of whatever the waitresses got, but I'd make out with a good hundred bucks on a Friday or Saturday night.
First, open an image to which you want to add text. Choose the horizontal text tool from the toolbar and click the image near to where you want to position your text. Type in the text you would like to add. You can also add the more traditional style enhancements such as bold, italics or underline to your text while in text mode.
Last Fall, the Royal Bank of Canada—with $27 billion in annual revenue, $752 billion in assets and 74,000 employees, the biggest and most prudent bank in the world’s safest banking system—announced that new employees would no longer be eligible to receive what is probably the company’s most important workplace benefit: the comprehensive retirement insurance plan. It insures the Royal’s Canadian employees, or at least those hired before January 1, 2012, against all sorts of risks. The risk of reaching retirement age at a time when stock markets are down, or interest rates are low. The risk of outliving one’s retirement savings. Inflation risk. Risks you’ve probably never even heard of, like reinvestment risk and liquidity risk. Even the risk of earning below market returns.
Twelve years after I started, an agent signed me, and I sold two books. I’ve currently published twelve books with various publishers. I spent two and a half years church planting in France. And now my family and I are stateside as I continue my writing, speaking and mentoring ministry.
Oh honey honey, doo doo doo doo doo-doo
ATTORNEY: What gear were you in at the moment of the impact?
American Beauty
DAP’s focus tends to emphasize their party leader Lim Guan Eng. Most of the DAP members failed to be present in the forum sessions held from morning till pre-debate. Most of the reserved seats stood empty. Only when the debate was about to commence, only then were the the seats occupied. This proves that DAP supporters do not care for the rest of the DAP speakers at the forum, which include Dr Tan Sing Giaw, Chong Eng, Liew Chin Tong and Teoh Nie Ching.
“I’m tired of being pushed around and told what to do all the time. We need to do something about it.” It was a boy who was in one of Linden’s classes. He’d seen around, but didn’t really know him. There was a momentary silence as everyone absorbed the statement. Then there was agreement from one or two, then a couple more.
No good you say
On the last day of April, it happened.
I'm allowing myself a short post today so I can sit on the couch and watch TV during nap time (after I work out, of course; happy birthday to me!). And happy birthday to my beautiful, brilliant, unstoppable sister, and to my compassionate, dedicated, hilarious brother. I love you both and I wish we could be together on this special day. Maybe for our ninth birthday? Let's make it a goal!
Balsamic Vinegar -1/4 tsp
When things aren’t working, you have to try something different. We all know the saying…
What is animal?
I happen to believe that if we jump right into our symptoms, that is how the doctor will view us—as a set of symptoms she needs to diagnose and treat. I want my doctor to see me as a human being, just as I see her. If she sees me as a human being, then more than likely she will connect to me personally, and that can enhance her willingness to help me. This may not always be possible as some doctors simply are not interested in connecting personally to their patients.
All along the way, the water stations were sort of ridiculous. It was like playing cup dodgeball and also trying not to slip on the squashed ones.
This, then, was a really mixed night for me. The discovery of the (long hidden) joys of the NFL, and the simultaneous discovery of a genuinely outstanding bar, one which was about to be comprehensively undiscovered through no fault whatsoever of its own.
And sometimes, on the other hand, modern cosmologists talk about different laws of physics in the context of a multiverse, and suggest that we see one set of laws rather than some other set for fundamentally anthropic reasons. But again, that’s just being sloppy.. . . We are still left with the question of there are those deep-down laws that create a multiverse in the first place.
Finished it off with another crimp bead with a loop on the end of it.
I will also rat the final battle is exciting and well down wit the special effects technology of the time period. Vera Webster accidentally turns into a cyborg and fights Superman. In my younger days, thought it was quite scary. these days, it is a neat, but not redeeming factor. It is like Shakespeare compared to what comes next in the series,
#116. knowing hubby is around the corner because i can hear his reggae/rap music playing from his phone...
Could lead to his Impeachment
My friend Dancing In The Rain is back with this entry. I'm still recovering from the holidays (N.B. This is not me, it's my friend Dancing In The Rain - let's see how many comments are addressed to Midlife anyway :) )
When the heroes among the Kurus and Pāṇḍavas attained their heroic ends, and the son of Dhṛtarāṣṭra wept with a spine broken by the crushing blows of Wolf-Belly’s club, the son of Droṇa beheaded the sleeping sons of Kṛṣṇā, thinking it would please his master, who deplored the disgusting deed.
Ok, not to be difficult or anything, I don't have a favorite animated character :( I lived in Northern Minnesota growing up and it was a rural farming community. We didn't get the greatest TV reception for many years, so I didn't watch much TV. After some thought, I decided to use this image from our girl's nursery fairy decor for my inspiration piece.
So that’s that, right? First person is awesome at creating a complex and immediate character for your readers to identify with. Why did we even bother with the other forms of writing? Clearly first person is boss and we should all start writing that way and no other way right this second.
He wins the match with a Muscle Buster. Even Slater and Drew are impressed, as I am too.
BING:
Still, a 30% chance is quite significant and leaves a chance for adoption and life for that child, even if the mother in question does not want to (or cannot, for some reason) raise the child herself.
Lia Stokes is a freelance Journalist and writer from Galway. She currently writes for various national magazines, websites and writes for her own fashion blog (as well as a work one!). Last year, Lia attended the Umagazine High Street Style Awards and won Best Dressed on the night (read about it here). Irish glossy magazine Umag, then asked her to do a "Fashion Diary' earlier this year to share some of her stylish outfits with their readers. Lia and I then set about documenting her style against the ever colourful backdrop that is Galway City.
2: When we had fish and chip shops, I was known as the Mushy Peas Queen
"Elsewhere the novelist Jeremy Dun demands Hari admit he is a plagiarist and is scathing about Mark Lawson’s defence of Hari in the Guardian, which reads as if Lawson isn’t aware of the fullness of the allegations. Guy Walters in the New Statesmen (where Hari got his first break and had problems with deputy editor Christina Odone over his expenses) identified 42 cut ‘n pastes from Malalai Joya’s own book. Not all were in inverted commas, making them a problem of attribution, much of the text is presented as Hari’s own words.
French Macaroons. Voila!
Clint Hill has capped a remarkable season by scooping both the Player's Player and Supporters' Player of the Year awards.
There is a full article in the Scientific American site (click here), which also let's you read the article in the Dyslexie font, that has more specific information. Considering that one in five persons is dyslexic this could be an amazing breakthrough, I also feel that his could be an AMAZING breakthrough for children. One of the first things Boer said he wanted to do was increase the boldness of letters at their base, to make them appear weighted, causing readers' brains to know not to flip them upside down, as can occur with "p" and "d". These details are fascinating and make so much sense!
Michigan's share of this trillion dollars in spending is a respectable $8,845,455,674, which is pretty decent, although nowhere near as much per person as our imperial capital city Washington DC. Out of this amount, according to highly inflated and suspect on the high side government estimates, 144,463 jobs have been saved or created.
(3) Interpret the Constitution the way Chief Justice John G. Roberts wants (same as #2 above).
Fuller’s London Pride; England, Premium Bitter, 4.7% abv
I mostly use FB for professional purposes. The “Life Event” feature suggests adding your new hobbies, new languages (it has been a while since I learned a new language, unless you count Cantabrigean), travels, and tattoos. My first response is: who cares about tattoos? Then I remember how important it was to have my ears pierced when I was twenty. There must be people for whom tattoos and piercing are as important as degrees and grants for me and who would be puzzled about my enthusiasm for degrees and grants. There is a feature for “Other events”. I can add: “Three-year research grant from the Swedish Bank Tercentenary Foundation”. My pierced and tatooed Facebook friends will be awed.
“Oh crap. It’s still alive?”
If I were using glib phrases – which, of course, I wouldn’t dream of writing – I might say it turned into an evening of unexpected revelations.
“I know that and you know that but our killer seems to think otherwise. You must
It's hard for my family to understand how bad chemo can be. And the risk is that I seem to be over reacting, I guess. But I will be a fool for my Mom time and again. We lost my father-in-law to chemo. It's full on. The best result could have been that I was a fool. That my Mom was checked out, was given a clean bill of health and discharged. I would be happy to be that fool.
This afternoon's Bad Idea of the Day has been announced, with Yahoo News reporting that Spirit Airlines will "charge as much as $45 each way" for carry-on baggage. The charge is in addition to the fees passengers pay for checked bags (between $15 and $100 per bag, depending on the circumstance).
This frugalista had one busy morning. I took my leftover turkey and ham from our Thanksgiving feast on Sunday and turned them into a variety of casseroles to fill my freezer. I have come to realize that I will most likely rather spend my evenings after work playing with my lil girl as opposed to cooking dinner.
“We are all customers and we are all service providers” said Steven. He went on to say that success was all about relationships and partnerships. For procurement to help lead growth at your company, there are several things that you would need to change:
The report, Internet Security Threat Report, Volume 17, released Monday by Symantec, Mountain View, Calif., and others like it may add fuel to arguments that cybersecurity legislation passed by the House of Representatives does not go far enough to defend US critical infrastructure.
Gee Shan, thanks for delving that all up. Try to push out the memory of children throwing Bibles in the Church while their parents laughed because they are “cute”, as the Church planner and your family gaped in horror. Forget the bullying when our decisions didn’t meet the expectations of others.
Eighth and finally, I want to address this to my fellow countrymen in Dixie. You know just as well as I do that the days of the imperial empire in Washington DC are numbered. The federal government has amassed a debt it cannot pay and crippled an economy it cannot fix. Many of you served in the United States military, and that is something you should be proud of. In your service to the empire, you also served your countrymen in Dixie, and I salute you for this. Let us never forget that General George Washington served in the British army before becoming an American, and General Robert E. Lee served in the United States army before becoming a Confederate. Fly your American flags high while the empire still lasts, but remember your people and your homeland first. You are sons and daughters of Dixie. Your ancestors fought for their freedom too, 150 years ago, in the War for Southern Independence. Your bond to kin and country is stronger than any bond to a federal republic that is committing suicide. Remember that, because when the empire finally falls, we the people of Dixie may need your services to secure the safety of our children. I know that you will rise to the occasion, because of who you are and what you believe in. As for all of us, veterans or not, let us begin the process of rebuilding before the inevitable fall of the empire comes. Study our heritage. Study the Ulster-Scots. Fly the flags of Dixie with pride, but do it with dignity as well. Only by continually flying the flags of Dixie without ceasing, can we desensitise our countrymen to the poison of race-baiting propaganda used by Liberal-Marxists to divide us. The key to the room in which the table of brotherhood sits is this flag -- the Dixie flag -- the Christian cross of St. Andrew. When blacks, whites and people of all races can sit together under it and work for our common benefit, then we will truly be free.
So go on, take a moment to be proud and celebrate your successes this week. And if today is Friday morning for some of you around the globe then plan your day so that you can set yourself up for a win and join the rest of us when you kick off your shoes!
May you not fall for any April Fooler's horsing around.
is irrelevant.
I love this show for one of the reasons that I love Seinfeld. The fact that Larry is such an asshole to everyone, and because he is constantly messing things up, he often finds himself in hilarious (and what some people think are annoying or unbelievable) situations. The ways he manages to mess things up and piss people off can only come from autobiographically similar situations in the life of this brilliant jackass.
1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan
35. The average shot length in the film Vertigo is 6.7 seconds.
you did not think
Okay, really, I know, who would have ever thought I'd like being a mother? And that I'd want a bunch? Definitely not me. I haven't always been the sweet, nice person I am now (said in a sarcastic voice). And I didn't used to be such a softie.
Our absolute favorite pizzeria in San Francisco has to be Pizzeria Delfina. And our absolutely favorite white pizza at Delfina is the broccoli rabe pizza- fresh mozzarella and parmesan topped with broccoli rabe sauted with garlic and red chili flakes and oil cured black olives. There is something wonderful about the combination of bitter, intense broccoli rabe and salty oil cured olives.
Great Shunner by the Yorkshire Dales Brewing Co (274.3 miles away), is a 4.2% dark golden ale. Massive creamy yet slightly foamy head, that doesn't want to fade, and a dark chestnut/amber body. Quite a malt driven nose, with subtle sweet biscuit in the taste that ends with a powerful clingy bitterness. A tad lighter in body than I was expecting. Wonderfully drinkable beer, with a really nice balance of flavours.
- Post-it notes
Sartre chortled, “All human actions are equivalent and all are on principle doomed to failure.”
“I’ll make the soup for your Daddy and give you your dinner.”
2) Our house's front hits the street, so no front lawn. And the back "yard" is a small 40 by 40 patch, half of which is a flower and vegetable garden. The remaining "lawn" is planted with a full sun/drought tolerant native grass mix that never seems to need watering. For grass seed help visit the excellent greenscapes guide fescue page. Just visit the greenscapes website in general, it's an amazing resource.
A big guilty party is the oil industry and all the associated products and by-products. Do I think plastic has made our lives easier? Yes! Could I live without plastic nowadays, well, yes, but not living with all of our modern comforts. Am I against excessive use of plastics that eventually ends up being ingested by animals, and clogging our waterways, and whatever more detrimental effects? Yes.
Kenneth Grouzalis, 56, Lyndhurst, N.J.
Happy Monday, folks—we’re here to drive away your Monday Morning Blues—& also to start off a new series that’s going to be running for some time.
And since it just happens to be that time of year, my fridge had several more pounds of strawberries just sitting in there all ready to be eaten. I suppose I could afford to part with some of them to make into delicious muffins.
Pineapple-cilantro margaritas
Where were we…right….Ok, being back in Kura Hulanda Hotel has been wonderful. We’ve been walking the grounds, sampling the food and drink, swimming in the pool. No hurrying. We got to talking about our “wish list” for the island on this trip. There is always more on it when we’re at home than we may really want to do once here! The good news is that if we are fortunate to return, we won’t have a shortage of things to see and do.
Ref: Picture inside monastery in West Sikkim (taken using Dell Mobile)
People become journalists because they love to write. If your press release is already well-written, it’s pretty much a personal insult.
But Brindle, TommyCat and Jerry live outside and will not come in, no way, no more cats inside. NO. MORE. CATS.
Why was she spared?
First off - can I say sorry for being absent.
* On a lightly floured surface, roll dough to 1/8-in. thickness. Cut with floured 2-1/2-in. donkey and elephant cookie cutters. I found these election day cutters on Amazon. Place 2 in. apart on baking sheets coated with cooking spray.
11:30-12:30 Goes to sleep (usually Ace actually puts him down) I usually eat lunch while he’s asleep. Then I can eat whatever I want!!
Scene: Akshay Kumar, Riteish Deshmukh, Shreyas Talpade and Chunky Pandey are huddled around a table in a condo balanced precariously and Akki says, “Langoors, have my angoors.” When one of them tries to have one too many, he yells at him and asks him to “ek ek karke kha”. Still, it’s too late and the condo starts shaking with all four bumping into each other and the people on the roadside thinking that you-know-what is going on inside.
Today is Mothers' Day in France - unlike in the UK, where it's sometime in March - so, Happy Mothers' Day to all of you who are mothers, and to my mum in particular! (It has just dawned on me that she may not yet have the address to this blog - I shall give it to her forthwith...)
Would it make you smile and sing along?
On the way, I did manage one phone with the parametics, who had to confirm a parent was on the way.
This morning I came along a quote that struck a similar chord:
I'm so super sorry that I did'nt get to post on Monday, we recieved a surprise visit from my In-Laws from Florida and it was a fabulous day with them. I do have the winner from the blog hop which is for the I-Tool so the WINNER IS !!
I would view John Thorpe as Jane Austen’s least successful rogue. I do not if I could even call him a rogue. He seemed so coarse, ill-mannered and not very bright. With his flashy wardrobe and penchant for mild profanity, I have doubts that he could attract any female, including one that was desperate for a husband. And his joke on Catherine Moreland seemed so . . . unnecessary. Here are the actors that portrayed John Thorpe:
3D Play will be a scientific, philosophical and art historical examination of three-dimensionality in contemporary Western culture. The works would be inspired by the history of projection devices such as the stereoscope, holograms, 1 and 2 point perspective, colour splitting and illusion and the mono-focal versus the bi-focal.
Well recommended.
More gray yarn beauty...and that antique typewriter...so much to love about this image. Great hand made blanket and pillow, and even better photo composition.
I blame the commercials that we watched in the late sixties and early seventies. Now, remember, we only had three channels, so we had to watch and believe the commercials. The shampoo people kept telling us that split ends were a big problem. So, it must be a very big deal. I remember watching the first commercial about split ends and then rushing to the bathroom to look for them. Dear God, there’s one! Shit, there’s another one! I had split ends! I asked my mom to take me to the store immediately to buy some Breck shampoo. It would save my hair.
on Friday!
For the sneakiest pizza in Dublin look no further to one of the oldest pubs in Dublin, The Bernard Shaw. As you move past the pub’s graffiti covered walls and into their stylish smoking area you will encounter a big blue double decker bus/ restaurant. Now there is something you don’t see everyday.
They have launched their own news service (since we all know how skewed and unreliable the corporate media are)…
It is highly (highly) unlikely that I'm going to make a blog post that is picked up by the major nooos networks, or even the big time Bloggers. I'm not going to change the opinions of rabid liberals.
If you're a regular of this blog, then you know how important music is to me. The essay below, first published in The New Statesman, throws new light into the relationship between music and science. Great, entertaining and though-provoking holiday read. I hope you enjoy it. I'm back from my cy-bernation and will resume blogging duties next week. I hope you all had a nice, restful time off.
Today I bought a 48 pack of sudafed. I'm better already.
I've changed.
And real life stories that speak to me of me.
In Asheville Citizen, you can feel Rothko and those moody Ab Exers milling around New York, finally receiving the attention they felt they deserved, but you can also feel why Rauschenberg is fundamentally a different sort of artist. Sure, you can sense the presence of Betty Parson’s Barnett Newman’s show that Rauschenberg must have seen in 1950, but in the density of Asheville Citizen’s black field, you can see perhaps why Rauschenberg would have sought out Burri a few months later on a trip to Italy, an artist known for himself bringing the world literally onto the canvas. Rauschenberg’s use of an entire newspaper, uncropped and uncut in contrast to Dada or Picasso’s collages, is something new, a deapan presentation of the news as object and image, an item to be shifted into an awkward position which forces you to look at an ordinary thing in new way. This is different sort of thing than both Ab Ex painters and Picasso alike. Rauschenberg is neither representing nor expressing anything, but instead using the stuff of the world to lead your eye not to high concepts but to street material.
*You are a multi-award winning author and many of the awards are chosen by your readers. How does it feel to have your work appreciated by your intended audience and what, if anything, have you learned from your readers’ reactions?
Everyone will already have seen photos of Park Jung Min strutting his stuff as a dark angel at the Peace Plaza of Olympic Park in Jamsil, Seoul on the 2nd April, 2012. He looked simply gorgeous after donning this outfit (of designer Song Hye Myeong for Dominic’s Way) for the finale.
The lasagna was heat and eat. It cooked for an hour. Texas toast took 5 minutes to heat.
While I am not a fan of spending hours on Facebook, friending all kinds of people you don’t really know, and texting friends while you are supposed to be visiting with family or listening to your pastor, I do believe technology offers an opportunity. Bill Gates, founder of Microsoft, was an innovator. He dropped out of college to start an incredibly successful company, because he had a vision of putting a computer in every home. His purpose was to equip the common man with the same computing power we see in large companies around the world. If you look around, you’ll see he’s done it.
Recorded in Gabarone, Botswana in 1985. (by request)
December 7 - Jerry Robinson, comic book artist (Batman), 89
For fuck's sake.
1 pound shrimp, tails removed
And thanks to Michael's for the coupon on my blog- you can click the ad to print the coupon if you'd like. I'm feeling crafty already!
Gauntlets of Orge Power: These are not the newer version that only gives a boost to strength, what these do is make your strength 18. That means that if your strength is at 18 or above these things do not make you stronger and in fact can make you weaker. Of course there are some side benefits, the first is you can lift 100lbs more and the second is that you can punch for 1d4 damage but for an already strong character this means less to them. What this all added together means is that these are gloves for the weak. That 8 Strength wizard you have that needs someone to carry his books? Well now he can not only carry his books he can carry your books as well. An interesting item that in later editions is ruined by turning the neat ability into a straight +2 to strength and making them no different from any other stat boosting item.
I also believe in Free-market Capitalism. I believe that probably almost all of the things that we now consider as necessary, entertaining, innovative, brilliant or advance are the direct result of the stiff competition in the market. Fierce competitive nature of the market brings in the innovation that the consumers constantly crave, because the manufacturers know that they’ll have tons of incentives once they make a cutting edge product. This is another reason why I think that the government should stay away from the market since some experts believe that the actions of the government sometimes hurt the business sector. Consider the example of a centralized economic program wherein everything about the economy is planned by the state. I’m not an economic expert but I think it’ll be harder for people to make useful innovations when they have to compete with the programs of the government. We can consider the technology of the former Soviet Union and compare its chief rival the United States of America during the Cold War and tell me who do you think is more advanced most of the time?
PUTFONTEIN: Hennie Greeff in critical condition after being shot in the head.
My Mom, Louise, was born in 1922. She passed away in the summer of 2000. My memories of her are dear to me, especially at this time of year. I thought I’d share one, which I think says so much about my Mom’s mothering style, which by the time I was born, was very laid back.
Good Night Little Town
Burn through the bridges
Race No. 2 Summary – Saturday, April 28
-Country: USA
All I know is that if I had a choice of having a drink and a conversation with Hitchens or Pigliucci, or having to choose to read an essay written by either Hitchens or Pigliucci, I know exactly what I’d do.
Jim Rohn once said, “Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you’ve got.” At a time when many of us aren’t sure which way we are going in 2012, this has got to be timely advice. When faced with choices, many of us are plain scared. We lose the enthusiasm that fired up our successes in the past, somehow our only ability is flight. We run away from the tough choices and go to easy ones. The easy choices bring for us the same results they brought the year before and so goes the story of our lives.
Diamante de Fuego has been off a significant amount of time, something which has bested many a promising horse, but you have to believe by post time she won’t be anywhere close to the 3/1 ML odds she was assigned.
Today, I read in the paper that an MP is putting forward a bill that is meant to open the debate on when a fetus is considered as having a right to life. Our Prime minister said he would not reopen the abortion debate. Regardless of this seeming to be a very creative way of pushing a social agenda while not wavering on a campaign promise, I don’t want to get into that. Nor do I want to get into abortion. The reason for this is I’m tired of the so-called abortion debate.
such as 'what would the hippo say if I tickled him' and various weird examples
14 Kamel El Harrachi - Ghana Fenou
“You think the anti-rat fly-paper would work?” I asked.
I hope you enjoyed some views of parts of my craft room.It is one of my favorite places in my home.There is more to the room but I thought the post was getting a little long.I hope in the future to share more with you.
Who can resist a cute snoozing pomeranian? Any transgression will be forgiven ...just about! Customize the front with the funny excuse and write the real reason inside. It will raise a smile and that's half the battle to being forgiven. Other possible customisations for the front:
she received the glue stitches and was a.m.a.z.i.n.g. during that experience.
your speech only reaches as far as the tombstone with the epitaph of evil you
Next thing we get is a letter from a cheerful Other Syndic, informing us brightly that on request of our neighbour Mr A, the Judge had nominated him as our temporary syndic to deal with the urgent matters of renovation of the house.
I went in search of the meaning of this “new term” and found many interesting things that are just too funny to pass. For example, I found out Leonardo Dicaprio is metrosexual (people just don’t know their limits). A person said a metrosexual is gay in every sense except in sexual orientation (really? I think they need to look up the meaning of the word gay before assuming they know the meaning of the word metrosexual) Someone else said –with much passion- the term metrosexual should be reinvented and the sexual part taken off, since it has nothing to do with sexuality (again, this person is in serious need of a dictionary). Last, a man who spends more time in the bathroom (hmm… I always thought men spend more time in the bathroom since they have to shave regularly. My boyfriend definitely does!) These are all very funny, but also very foolish conclusions.
Proven, flexible, individualized learning solutions
What doe is look like? Well, Glad you asked...
Ta Ann has been sourcing its wood from these areas and MPs like Bryan Green are demanding that unless the company is allowed to continue then they will pull out of the valuable agreement.
She was also my History teacher but not Head of department; that was a white-haired "old" lady whose name was Miss Wren. But Mrs Grisbrooke taught us about Villeins and strip farming and the Feudal system. In fact, I now realise that she planted a seed of interest in the Middle Ages in me that - although slowly - grew into the abiding passion I have now. You might even stretch a point and say that I owe my career as a historical novelist to Mrs Grisbrooke.
So thanks, Mary Shaw - for putting a name to the comment. And if I show little patience and a lot of anger in answering, it's hard, all day long as I sit in my office, every half hour or so, even more actually - more than 40 times today, to hear "Color Red."
It is marvelous in our eyes.
The new gospel of business storytelling offers a challenge to common views of human nature. When we call ourselves Homo sapiens, we are arguing that it is human sapience–wisdom, intelligence–that really sets our species apart. And when we think we can best persuade with dispassionate presentation of costs and benefits, we are implicitly endorsing this view. But we are beasts of emotion more than logic. We are creatures of story, and the process of changing one mind or the whole world must begin with “Once upon a time.”
heritage and a TV series loved by younger children. Through both classically illustrated and contemporary CGI titles, including our new story book range and our magazine portfolio, Egmont is confident that our publishing caters for Thomas fans of all ages.”
UPDATE: 1st August, 2011. Gavin Sheridan at thestory.ie has both mapped the properties shown in the document produced by NAMA and also extracted the properties into a spreadsheet which can be searched and manipulated. Whilst NAMA may in future make their monthly publication of enforced properties available in a more flexible format, Gavin has done the work of converting the first month’s enforcement list. Both the mapping of the NAMA properties and the spreadsheet are available here.
Moon was feeling very, very nervous!
Dora's voice took on a definite edge. "That doesn't answer the question, Rel."
3. Refrain doing what upsets you most.
Jennifer’s filets looked great, even if Joe did find a rogue scale. Adrien mangled a couple of his filets, and then scored his fish too deeply, which dried it out. Tracy’s portions are also inconsistent. Add the missing tail pieces, and the fact that her fish was more rare than Jennifer’s, and things aren’t looking good for Tracy.
The training center started by Toyota, in conjunction with the Los Angeles Urban League, was one of the few that succeeded in the decade after the riots. It’s now closed, but it produced about 1,000 graduates trained in entry-level automotive skills.
His 2007 album All is Well, his fourth effort in a body of work consisting of four proper solo LP's and a couple of EP's and team efforts for which Amidon regularly takes a massive artistic leap, is perhaps the best example of this balance between respect for the original and fearless pursuit of the new, a concise sampling of ten moody tracks from the displaced pages of American musical history. For the most part, Amidon luxuriates in the domain of traditional folk instrumentation (acoustic guitar, fiddle, banjo, piano), yet it's both the strange places he takes those instruments as well as the unexpected additions to the palette that make All is Well such a quietly enthralling work. His two pivotal collaborators - young American composer Nico Muhly and Icelandic producer Valgeir Sigurosson, both of whom have formed their own impressive bodies of work - push Amidon out of his comfort zone of sparse folk exhibited on his prior album But This Chicken Proved Falsehearted, using their own backgrounds in electronic and orchestral experimentation to provide nuanced and fanciful additions to Amidon's evocative, bare-bones covers.
OMG people – I totally forgot about the Before and After Party! My brain is missing, I swear. Well, this post kind of works, so let’s DO it!!
As her heart slowed, the stress of the event wore on her like a pile of bricks. Fatigue took over, making sleep seem inevitable. She struggled to stand up. Inching her way over to the tub. Every muscle screamed in protest, she felt the world spinning around her. Pushing aside the curtain she climbed into the tub. Leaning her head back she tried to take a deep breath, but the pain was too much.
Sagittarius shows its fire in any competition. The Sagittarius wants to be the best, but while Leo tends to go for the gold in theatrics and socializing, and Aries in sports and physical bravado, the Sagittarius wants to be the top of the class–and this includes gym and theater. When a Sagittarius is motivated, it’s best to just step back and watch. You’ll thrill at how much they accomplish, and the diversity of their interests. One Sag I know changed has changed his majors several times. Sagittarius, in balance, can love learning for its own sake, and not just to gain accolades.
and the day had just begun….
It's even better if you need a distraction.
Amy Krouse Rosenthal's text is as fresh as ever, and Jen Corace's illustrations are brilliantly spare. What a team. Thanks to Chronicle Books for this lovely boxed edition. Spot on!
Maybe someone can straighten me out (and I honestly appreciate all the attempts by various readers). But I see paying taxes as one’s patriotic duty or even just compensation for the privilege of living in America.
For non-police readers: every police area entrusts the minute by minute oversight of its police operations to a duty inspector – an officer of my rank. You become responsible for the oversight of all officers on duty at that time and / or the provision of legal and policy authorities to officers from neighbourhood policing teams, 24/7 response shifts, CID or PPU detectives, etc., etc. and this can amount in some areas to over 100 officers at some points. Initial appointment to this rank usually finds you left ‘in charge of the shop’ (especially at evenings and weekends) for the first time and you inherit a world of statutory responsibilities to authorise house searches, surveillance and youth justice disposals; as well as the call out of more senior or specialist officers; mobilizations of other areas’ officers in the face of critical incidents or public disorder.
Procrastinators unite! … Tomorrow…!
And I do this, every single time. I never make that permanent connection.
“This apparent attempt to threaten and intimidate students is as unacceptable as it is blatant.
Russell said, “Explain to me about this Lou Jo.”
9. Park Walls repaired and repainted.
1 cup (2 sticks) butter, softened
Montgomery, David "Dirt: The Erosion of Civilizations"
One lucky participant, selected at random, will win . . .
Ronan sighed, “Look, having your husband turn into a witch and then spend two years fighting what happened would challenge the best of women. If your mom hadn’t given up so fast, if she had fought harder for us as a family…”
Lorain Morning Journal/Lake County News-Herald sportswriter Jeff Schudel has an article on Sindelar's passing here.
So 2011 will mean BIG changes- I can't wait!
You can apply those emotions and personal experiences to your story. Your characters can go through emotions and ordeals you went through, even if your story may be historical or science fiction or fantasy.
Deputies say the resident of the apartment building shot the two suspects. One suspect died on the scene, the other was taken to the hospital where he died.
I covered a laminate sample with Ruche paper and sanded it to add interest to the raised areas. I stamped the little girl, colored her with Copics and cut out. Stamped the sentiment on the side of the ornament and attached the girl to the other side. I cut off the excess that hung over. Glued rick rack around the outside and along the top and bottom. Finally, I added FlowerSoft to the bouquet in her hand and some spilling out of the basket. I have had this stuff for well over a year and have done nothing with it. Isn't that awful?!?!?! I really need to start using more of what I already have rather than buying more stuff.
I know how very much
PAUL: Well, it’s a tragedy because this is a consequence of the government being involved in medicine since 1965.
Horvit quotes Manny Garcia, the IRE Board President, “Mike and Ken have always been unselfish with their time and talent,” Garcia said. “They both exemplify what IRE is all about: equipping and training journalists world-wide to produce important investigative work. It speaks to their character and the quality news organization that is The Seattle Times.”
create a snap – two for each piece of material that you are
Neither vote was particularly close, with about two-thirds of the 1,000 delegates gathered in Tampa, Fla., through May 4 rejecting the calls for divestment.
I wish I could say I had sailed to the Isthmus of Panama for my hat, but my adventures took me no further than the local hat shop. (The upside of globalization?) Looking back though, my husband and I took home our first Panamas years ago from a dusty, little village in Mexico, crafted by locals who assured us of a weave rivaling the Ecuadorians'. Yes, they demonstrated the roll-up-the-hat-and-watch-it-spring-back-to-shape routine, something I've been too timid to put to the test! Those much-used hats have been retired now.
But in fact Christ has been raised from the dead, the firstfruits of those who have fallen asleep. For as by a man came death, by a man has come also the resurrection of the dead. For as in Adam all die, so also in Christ shall all be made alive. But each in his own order: Christ the firstfruits, then at his coming those who belong to Christ.
This popular, classic pattern has been in my Ravelry queue since November 22, 2009. I have a metric ton of sock yarn in my closet from which to choose, including some very beautiful Mmmmmalabrigo Sock, Cascade Heritage Silk Handpaint, Woolen Rabbit Kashmir, and several other scarf-worthy sock yarns.
Sometimes I don't know how he puts up with my flagrant admiration of this brooding, tormented, gut-wrenching hard body. I MEAN ACTOR. He is a thesbian worth his weight in massage oil. I MEAN GOLD.
5. Mint Chocolate. I love how I never have to share my mint chocolate, as most people I know find it disgusting
"Still, that's awfully impressive," he continued, seemingly with genuine admiration. "Especially at your age."
During this time, several hearses enter a warehouse owned by the Combine and start unloading the huge lasers that the Combine wants to put into the Terminators. Turns out that the Combine started the depot fire to keep Batman busy and when they get the lasers in place, they unleash three Terminators into downtown Manhattan.
I think we’ve perhaps gotten a bit too bold as we declare, “God doesn’t care – it’s just a matter of personal taste!” I recall God telling Moses to remove his shoes because he was standing on holy ground. Maybe, just maybe, God does care about the way we worship.
a Peruvian narrator, poet, journalist, essayist and dramatist; he is considered the founder of the avant-garde in Peru, although more for his dandy-like public poses and his founding of the journal Colónida than for his own writing, which is lyrically posmodernista rather than aggressively experimental.
I've already read and reviewed this one and it was fabulous!!
But what I'm really looking forward to is other people's events. On Friday night we are going to the London Review of Books on "The Future of the Book" - an old warhorse which has gained some shiny new e-spurs recently.
Here is a little inspiration to get you started:
In conclusion: After all has been heard - fear God, and keep his commandments; for this is the whole duty of man.
Reader’s Annotation: When death stares Rose in the face, she makes a list to take care of all the wonderful things she has yet to experience in life.
Sept 2 – Jack Rabbits – Jacksonville, FL (W/Valencia)
*You need to leave a comment on every DT members blog to be included in the giveaways!
Micke. Micke. Micke. Micke.
- I say: – At first I though Mad men was losing it’s edge, but upon review there was plenty to think about with this episode.
So, enough about me, how does this relate to divinity? I answer with another question: How do you feel when hatred, or even disdain, is at the forefront of your mind? Does that feel divine to you? And if so, is that a God you want to be worshiping?
Yes, that is why we are friends.
Well friends, I knew that the holidays had to end sometime...Yep, Uni has started back online this week! I am so happy to have been able to do so many wonderful projects during the break. I was also able to get a few projects done around the house...
I am house sharing with Tim and Mario, and we are spending all day working together , so things had the capacity to get a little fraught. but no way, we were one happy little bunch, just laughing and joking all the way. I had so much fun as they introduced me to lots of new things. My favourite was when they taught me how to eat crab. Coming from England I was expecting it to be dressed ready to eat. Err obviously I was wrong...
Despite Bland's extensive recording catalogue, his long-term success on the R&B charts, and his near-constant touring (often with longtime friend B.B. King), he rarely crossed over into the pop realm. Dozens of blues and R&B influenced rock vocalists, however, have credited Bland as a main influence. Throughout the 70s, 80s, and early 90s, he continued to record, mostly for the Jackson, Mississippi, blues label, Malaco. Bland was inducted into the Blues Foundation's Hall of Fame in 1981 and the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 1992. He continues to perform regularly.
Paul Gary Bristow, 27, New York, N.Y.
Who shocks John by stepping forward to be baptized? How does Jesus answer John’s objection? Jesus is not confessing that he is a sinner. Rather, he is identifying with the sins of humanity for he will soon die for the sins of the world.
The year started off with a big decision. I first fell in love with endurance sports in early 2009. Later that same year, I also fell in love with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and mixed martial arts! For a year and a half(August 2009-February 2011) I managed to juggle both. In late 2010 I came to realize that not only was it going to be very costly to continue both, but I was failing to reach my maximum potential in either because my time was split between the two! While it was a hard decision, you’ve probably figured out that I decided to stick with endurance sports! Check out part 1 and part 2 of the decision process!
Had: Un plat mixte: a little fromage pour moi, a little chacturie and paté for Sarah, great olives, and even a tapenade that was mild enough so as to not turn my stomach, all served on/with doughy Eric Kayser bread. Perfect.
The problem with analysing such speeches is that they are less a unified set of ideas than a series of sound bites designed to create an emotional response.
14. Do you have a boyfriend?
While paranoid-style blogs speculated all manner of frightening scenarios -- even that the EPA was falsifying or hiding data, no less -- the better informed and more realistic blogs and discussions eschewed paranoia and were concerned about certain precise aspects of the Dai-ichi situation, and the spent fuel pool at #4 was by far the foremost of these to my mind.
1 stains
What is very difficult to deal with are the weeds. You see, we had the regular ground-cover type weeds, you pull them out and they keep coming back, but they were not the problem. A pair of gloves and a few minutes each morning, and those types of weeds were manageable. Witch’s thistle was the problem. Witch’s thistle is a stalk-like plant that grows taller than the vegetable plants, saps much-needed nutrition from the ground, and grows nothing but thorns. Large, pointed, nasty thorns—up and down the entire stalk of the plant. No gloves were thick enough to protect my fingers from those thorns. I tried using a hoe so I would not have to touch them—the stalks slipped through the rungs of the hoe and those weeds stood in defiance of all I tried to rid them from my garden.
Heavily inspired by Pat Frank's post-apocalyptic classic, Alas, Babylon, Forstchen fast forwards to the early 21st century and instead of Alas, Babylon's post nuclear world, Forstchen's cautionary tale is one of an America crippled by an EMP (ElectroMagnetic Pulse) attack.
Thankfully they were still using agencies who still had some experienced senior people. The one I worked with closely was a raging nasty egotistical wretch, but she knew her stuff inside and out, and caught many of the nuances, and did double duty, usually doing the brand managers’ jobs. She covered their butts very well.
Maybe I could ask for a new design/blog for my birthday, but who could do it? I love so many blog designs out there and don't want to spend a fortune.
Don’t forget to use Meyer lemon zest for garnish
10 Just About To Lose It
The concern about conspicuous consumption, while entertaining, misses the larger epistemological issue though. If our climate does change significantly (and even if it changes from anthropomorphic causes), how do we know that this is a bad thing? To assert that the climate is changing because of humans, and that this is therefore bad, is simply begging the question.
Note: I didn't use any snaps, velcro, or other closure for this tote. My pockets fit the plate and utensils snugly enough that I'm not concerned about anything falling out, but if you'd like to add a snap or velcro, now would be the time to add them. Center each side of the snap or velcro along each end of the interior piece and about 1-1.5" from the raw edge.
Love & Light,
this Life is Dark but I won’t Cry.
Till His spirit forth He sent.
Residential developments in Singapore are generally classified according to 1) Registration instrument (e.g. land title or strata title) 2) Density (low, medium or high) and 3) Housing type (e.g. detached, semi-detached, condominiums etc).
there are the opportunities for renewal… this summer I imagine a serene mountain setting… there are several lakes
Sad to say my compiter is temporarily out of order….( maybe it was because i downloaded so many fonts and vectors…? Hmmmm?) But yeah, Im very sad about this. Now i have to post from my iPad which I have to say is not much fun… For those of you who have the wordpress app on the ipad you know what im talking about. I cant really edit my pictures or play with the font labels… Oh so sad.
Nanaimo Bars. Don’t ask me how to pronouce it because I still can’t get it right.
Walked into walgreens didn’t know where I was why I was there although I was there wherever that was. This may be old age but forgetful am not. Maybe was hungry hormones amok.
From the mill to the mash tun to the lauter tun to the kettle, we ended up in the middle of the 200bbl brewhouse. The facility is kept immaculately clean. Each walls is adorned with images of the brewing process. The bodies all feature the same guy but each “character” is representative of a brewery employee. The attention to detail is evident everywhere you look. Another key to Sierra Nevada's success is their insistence on using only whole hops. We saw tremendous stores of hops as this format requires much more space to store than pellets (or dare I say...extract). I believe the use of whole hops adds a wholly unique character unobtainable with a processed product. We then traveled underneath the brewing vessels and saw the large hop strainer required to remove the whole hops.
Hello readers! How were your weekends? It's been a long, interesting weekend here at the literary casa. Saturday was a long hard day when you feel like parenting is officially driving you insane because all you are doing is saying no and instituting time-outs. Yuck. Sunday was a wonderful day - the husband preached at a church and they hired him. (The process is more complicated than that, but you get the idea). So when he graduates in May, he will become the pastor of his first church. We are excited, nervous, and a lot of bit exhausted.
Then I had Chicago style pizza at the new place 2 blocks from home. Yummo.
The second video from this season of videos on the JakeLX Entertainment You Tube channel is “Adele”. I actually like Adele, but I do know people who don’t. This video was adapted from some of those such feelings that she seems to bring out of people. Overall, I think this is one of our best put together videos with a well written and funny script. Don’t forget to share on Facebook, Twitter, and anywhere else. Thanks and enjoy!
Accessories: Spellbinders Fleur De Lis Squares, Fancy Tags Three, Classic Squares Large,Ranger Icicle Stickles, silver jingle bells, silver mesh trim, MayArts silver cording, snowflakes (silver) found in the miniature Christmas tree decorations sections, blue rhinestones, Copic markers C2,C3,T0, W00, Y38, E39, E55, E71, G82, G85, Special Black 110, R24, R29
Jonas Grumby, aka Skipper, and brain damaged simpleton Gilligan, gay lovers who were the last to see Schwartz alive. Schwartz was responsible for Gilligan’s head injury. Perhaps they wanted revenge?
They continue: “Staying through 2024 will be a hard sell to the majority of Americans. According to last week’s Pew Research public opinion poll, only about a third of those polled think U.S. troops should stay in Afghanistan ‘until the situation there is stabilized’ (whatever that means). About two-thirds of Obama supporters, and almost as many swing voters (who make up nearly a quarter of the electorate), want a swift withdrawal of U.S. troops, while Mitt Romney supporters are split just about evenly.”
Don't answer that last one.
Jesus said, “Whoever desires to save his life shall lose it. If you deny me before me then I will deny you before my Father.” My greatest burden is not losing my job or what people might say about me. My greatest burden is faithfulness. I want to be faithful. I want to see the body of Christ be faithful. I want to see unbelievers come to Christ.
- Audiobooks
Part of the mid-classers’ experience today is a more fundamental problem than mere money alone. Much of this group’s self-worth and value is their willingness, desire, education and skilled experience involved in the innovations and operations of the world. Yet, right along with the money, also go a hundred small freedoms, according to the 99%.
(If I could find an ideal image to put here, it would be the WordPress logo with voodoo pins in it. Read on to find out why…)
I will do the same, in exchange for cookies.
The Asa Aarhus group meeting, where both Linda Rising and Rebecca Parsons gave brilliant talks, just strengthening my understanding of this, and my realization of how little I can relate to how it would feel to experience this every day.
This ridiculous forbidding of photo­graphy for no very good reason is becoming well nigh universal. There is no good reason for it (citing “terrorism” is a silly excuse not a genuine reason).
I somehow 'cling' to Mitch and bury my face in his chest. Not a word needs to be said.
A sheik in black with a blue striped vest
Mix the milk with sugar and bring it to the boil. Keep it boiling and constantly stirring at high temperature - but not too high, you don't want it boiling over all over your stove. Keep doing this for 30 minutes. I know, stirring for such a long time is tiresome and exhausting, but basically, this is all the effort you need to put in this cake. No baking, no decorating, nothing. Just cooking. And cooking. And cooking.
Experience is the great watershed of individualism. The greater the emphasis on the individual, the greater the emphasis on psychology and emotion – for these are the primary aspects of individual experience. If the focus shifts from my place within a network of relationships to my place within myself, then the focus necessarily leaves me with nothing but “me.” Love ceases to be a set of practices and becomes a feeling.
We notice Caffe Gelatissimo whenever we stroll at Greenbelt 5. With the yummy gelatos and Italy’s regional variant coffee, we decided to go inside and see it for ourselves. And we were not disappointed. The gelato tastes good, according to Vina. I enjoyed its Caffe Americano, which is far better than Figaro’s.
"He'd love something with pumpkin," she suggested.
Sixth step is to chart a rough timetable that includes the essential task items which are also the fixed ones. There should be enough space to accommodate the variable component like any unforeseen events that might happen.
ISBN-13: 978-1462705566:
ManouriCheese On Top 0fFig & Apricot
Oh, I babbled there, sorry. Today I expect that the girls will all play together and we might do some more Percy Jackson stuff.
We might say, then, that a geological formation, like some nuclear version of Spanish architect Vicente Guallart's notion of geologics, has partially inspired an architectural form.
We are an idea in the process of being realized
me: no way
Yes, Juliet is frustrated at the boys who start drawing lines about what boys like and girls like. Yes, Juliet doesn't see the appeal of giggling over boys, like her older sister Caroline or two girls in school, Annette and Linda. Yes, Patsy's dad echoes these thoughts.
Start by writing a personal investment plan. Determine your financial goals and set a timeline. How much do you want to earn, and how long will it take to achieve it? Look at your budget to see how much you can set aside to build your financial portfolio. Just as you would outline a novel before you write it, you need a plan before you invest.
This mushroom and cilantro omelet took me only 7 minutes to prep and make.
I used to rather workout than diet. I hate to diet, but now...being so out of shape, I hate working out just as much.
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: Yes, I did.
Ain't got too much pride.
It’s really strange and emotionally provocative in a way I’m not entirely comfortable with. To say nothing of the message, the craftmanship on this was really beautiful and intense.
KJ decided he wanted to do some experiments. I of course pulled the classic move of grabbing a science book of the shelf and looking some up. To which he responded, "mom that's not an experiment. An experiment is when you mix stuff together and see what happens."
As a result most people, clearly including the new manager, presumed that Forest would be investing in a refreshed promotion bid but somewhere in the next 100 odd days the vision fell apart. The club did commit to substantial wages for five new signings, but clearly communication broke down at some point and in the end both manager and Chairman felt the need to resign.
I notice some days that there are police on either curb waiting to book people for J walking. I feel they would be better to spend their time booking fat blokes for careless riding.
Total Time: 47:59
So, I'm currently reading Zoe Lambert's excellent first collection The War Tour. These stories explore wars and all their far-reaching impacts through a diverse set of characters and geographies. It's brilliantly well-researched, powerful, and engaging. I love her writing style, and definitely recommend it for a thought-provoking, eye-opening read.
We’re moving. So, today I had to call DirectTV to get my feckin’ satellite moved from one part of the state to another part of the state less then an hour away. Apparently, this is so difficult that Wifesy and I would be better off launching ourselves up into the stratosphere, shaking some sense into the satellite itself, and then feckin’ in the sky on the way back down, like the bald eagles do when they make sexy time.
Black Train was his first release on the Lucky Records imprint. Lucky was a short lived label (1958-60) from Cincinati, Ohio that had releases by such underground rockabilly legends as Bill Browning and Orangie Hubbard.
GIll xx
I spent quite a bit of time yesterday reading and watching videos and the sadness was dispelled often when I was reminded of the funny and fun loving side of him. At the bottom of this post is a photo he would probably have enjoyed very much.
I spent most of the week trying to figure out how NOT to write about this train wreck of an episode. I mean, this is the episode where Chris Harrison comes in and feels good about himself for torturing girls that have already ruined their lives. It’s like in Hunger Games where they make all the tributes interview on live-television before they have to go kill each other with tridents and like swords and homemade bombs.
Lots more giggles
"I am...sad," replied the grey figure with a broken voice.
Plame was listed in Joe Wilson’s Who’s Who entry. Plame made contributions to Democrats listing a known CIA front business as her place of employment. Her neighbors knew she worked for the CIA (as one intrepid reporter went knocking on doors). She was not 006 by any objective measure.
Check the schedule:
The Path Planning Tool is a web-based application. For this reason HTML/CSS9 is the very basic building-blocks of this tool. For web pages, HyperText Markup Language (HTML) is the main markup language. And Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is a style sheet language used for describing the presentation semantics which helps to change the look and formatting of a document written in a markup language e.g. HTML.
Great Blue's exit/hiatus from the Garden State's craft brewing scene follows the shuttering of Port 44 Brew Pub in Newark, which closed last summer.
After numerous tries, we finally managed to dine at Tommassi. The first attempt was as walk-in guests, and we were told that you could only dine if you made reservations. On the second try, we called a few hours before dinner, but that wouldn’t do either. It had to be at the very least a day before. Apparently, they had a special kind of dough for their pizza, and they made them only based on the number of reservations made the day before. Since the vouchers that we had included a pizza and a pasta, we had to follow the rule and make an early reservation. So we did.
Project Clock: +1.5 hours To-date: 15.5 hours
When I was a child, I remember being able to put 5 cents in a vending machine and getting a cold Coca-Cola in a bottle. A gallon of gasoline was less than 50 cents and some dude would come out and fill your tank, check your oil, and clean your windows! With a smile on his face (sometimes). Back in those days, if you mentioned that you'd bought something made in China you'd probably have been branded a red communist on the spot.
VJ style shoes.
5. Tiniest Weasel (aka Smallest Weasel)
On a floured surface roll out the dough into a very thin sheet. Using a 3 inch cookie cutter or a glass(dusted with flour), cut out discs, you can re roll the off cuts if necessary. You should get about 16.
They will never have communication ever again so what does it matter?
I dont hate you because you are a muslim.
Heat saucepan on medium high. Add white wine, vinegar, and shallots. Let boil and reduce down to 2 tablespoons of liquid. Take off heat and let cool for about 1 minute. Put saucepan back on burner without turning on the heat. Throw in a few butter cubes at a time; whisk until butter is melted. Continue until all butter is melted. Add herbs, salt, and pepper. Mix. Cover, turn heat to very low and let sit.
I was introduced to Steinbeck’s writing through “Cannery Row”, a book that I got as a birthday gift. After that I have read many of his books and I have always found myself getting surprised and fascinated by his writing. I read “East of Eden” long time ago and I really do not remember the whole of story now. But there are certain things from the book that have remained with me through all these years.
And to clarify: Yes! I totally agree with the blogging world that this season of the Bachelor is certainly not the best; and since I read Us Weekly like it’s going out of style, I have already heard the spoiler report of who Ben proposes to (which leaves a terrible and disgusting taste in my mouth). Nevertheless, I cannot stop watching this trainwreck! It is such a guilty pleasure. I for reals cannot wait to see what the women have to say to Ben tonight after watching some of the things that went down this season.
But to me? Unschooling isn't about parental rights. It's about children's rights. A childs right to choose their own path in life, with the support and assistance of parental or other care-giving figures in their life.
Last Thursday, March 15th, I celebrated my birthday!! I did my best to take a lot of pictures of this significant event in my life. After all, this was my last birthday before I become a Mommy. I have already told you about my Birthday Haircut, which was very exciting. However, I want to share the rest of my birthday pictures with you. I hope you enjoy them!
Voxer
Hello teacher tell me what's my lesson
Abraham and the Christians
-Tim A. Blankenship
“But I want to, Mol'. You know how my mum's been--”
Is the percentage of African nations among UN members larger or smaller than the number you just wrote?
Before too long, I had worked myself up to a real panic that I didn't have what it took to be successful at this job.(You know the saying, "Fake it til you make it?" I was starting to convince myself that I was just a big faker, and it was just a matter of time before they found out and regretted hiring me, if they didn't already.)
As the son of a storyteller, Haroun often finds himself facing the question: what use are stories? When his mother leaves the family to lead a more serious and sober life than she led as the wife of the cheerful Rashid, the Shah of Blah, Haroun finds this question almost unbearable. Fortunately, all it takes in order to sort out this problem (not to mention other twists and dilemmas in the plot), is to meet the right people, make the right observations, and of course, perform actions out of love. Luckily for us, Rushdie’s youthful character manages to accomplish all this without leaving the readers behind, letting humor out of sight, or allowing a moment to be dull.
Following that, it was time for some sustenance, so we settled ourselves outside the Michaelsberg Cafe Restaurant, with Bamberg spread out below us. Food was wild boar goulash, with Spätzle and red cabbage. Absolutely delicious, served with a Mahr's Ungespundet and a Kapuziner Dunkel Hefeweizen. To be honest, my lazy ass would have been quite happy to stay there, stuffing my face (there's always room for cake in Germany), but it would have defeated the purpose of our visit. Next stop, Mahr's Bräu and Keesmann, about a 30 minute walk away (give or take).
Dr. Geoff Gurr, Charles Sturt University, Australia
Vivid dreams and visions often precede, accompany, or follows
Not only did we have bundles of fun seeing the sights, but Cameron had some surprises in store for us. If you keep up with us on Facebook than I'm sure this is old news to you. While we were there for our week long stay Cameron began crawling! That my friends is HUGE! He also will lean in and give us kisses. It is the sweetest thing. It's so wonderful to see his eyes light up with excitement over his accomplishments.
HR: You’re an idiot.
I fear that Memorial Day itself has become a vestigial organ, anticipated mostly for its sale fliers and the opportunity to get out the white shoes. How many people really know what the pre-Gulf wars were about? For that matter, how many of us really know what the Gulf wars were about, beyond the official proclamations?
Then one night a couple of weeks ago I came up with the idea of turning them into peppermints and hanging them on the door like a wreath. I was so excited to get started on them, I literally could not sleep.
*The only places I really buy new are Walmart during their pre-school-year-really-cheap-boxes-of-24-crayons event (okay, that's not what they call it, but that's why I go) and the Dollar Tree (though I have heard places like Staples and others have great deals sometimes, too). Certain products (such as mechanical pencils...Papermate can't be beat and crayons...go Crayola) can't be compromised on, but who cares who made your ruler or notebook or folder or erasers?
(This post was taken from my tumblr blog because it’s too good to just go there.) There is a Numberphile (check them out on YouTube) video about what a googol is, and what a googolplex is, and how if you existed in a universe that was a googolplex meters across, and if you could travel through the entire universe, it is probable you will find another you, exactly like you.
watching “Dancing With
Thank you my friends I am still a materialistic being,
We adored our college students, but we began to genuinely miss ministering to families.
Two women and two or three men came aboard. They went back and forth, looking at everything they could see. Then the old man came up to me and asked my name and age. I told him, even though I was almost too scared to speak. After that, a woman came over. They admired my hair. We all black hair, she said. I was wearing a red skirt. They admired red and wanted so much to have it. I knew they were hungry, so I invited them to have some pea soup I had cooked. They couldn't stay long because it was too hot for them. They brought a pair of beaded slippers and a little purse made of sealskin, which they wanted to exchange for some clothes. I looked among my clothes and gave them all I could spare. I really enjoyed my fur slippers and have never seen a pair like it since. The first of July when we left home it was a beautiful day. We planned to have fish and brewis for supper. When we were coming in to Seldom the wind changed and the schooner listed on her side. The pot with the fish and brewis came off the stove and over the floor. I didn't cook under sail anymore. I was too seasick for that. We got caught in a terrible storm that came on suddenly. I was down in the forecastle and couldn't get back to the cabin where I used to stay under sail. The storm didn't feel so bad back there. However, I climbed up in the top bunk and held on for dear life. Every time she took a nose-dive, water came into the forecastle. It took two men pumping constantly to keep the water out. Every man did his best to get back to land. Every now and then I heard someone shout to ask someone to check on me to see if I was still alive. We had been out in some high winds and heavy seas, but that storm was the worst. The Polly Bee was very old. She had no engine and they had to depend on the wind. When it came the wrong way it would be tough going, and when it was calm, sails were no good.
The most popular was the “porcupine” masher. Truman’s had these as well as Steel’s mashers. Bass, Charrington, Hoare and Tennent all used them.
around the turn of the century. The pictures I show above of the boards are
I have my interview in less than 7 hours. I didn’t get the e-mail from the woman with all the stuff I needed to print out until 10:30, had to drive back to Trevecca (where I’d been ironing things) and then back to my house, only to discover that in order to fill out the application properly I really needed to print out my entire work history, in detail, because my handwriting is bad and their spaces are too tiny. But it’s too late to print it out. But then Rachel said I could use her printer. But then Rachel went to bed.
Readers who wish to give Catherine the benefit of their opinion are invited to do so.
I usually hate having to go through hoops and loops for book giveaways. Books are meant to be shared and read. I don't want to have to eat fire, or make you guys eat fire, just to enjoy a book. Which means, the rules are easy:
- Fresh chicken thighs boneless skinless $4.99/lb ($11.00/kg)
I glare, “Jenny can do the job better.”
Well who ever would have suspected that? Okay, I mean besides just about everyone with an IQ higher than 12 who didn’t attend an Ivy League college. Still, just in case you “still buy your clothes in New Haven”, as that John Updike character liked to say, here’s the Wall Street Journal pointing out the obvious:
I sometimes wonder if teaching is magic, the impossible act of one person beaming understanding to another. When a student compliments my writing instruction, my mind translates, “You’ve become more confident of your skills, and that confidence has led to experimentation and discovery.” I can perhaps communicate my practices, but those are largely tricks—how to avoid the passive voice, methods of breaking a big topic down into thoughtfully sequenced parts, exploiting words, images, and metaphors other people overlook. But the students have to do something with those tricks.
“We have to work at it,“ she said, stressing the need to reunite and be strong. She said the future is in the hands of the youths.
I forgive myself that I haven’t accepted and allowed myself to take it easy and move with what is here in the moment
8) "Metrosexual". Can we just start saying "Part-gay"?
Rothschild-controlled Barings bankrolled the Chinese opium and African slave trades. It financed the Louisiana Purchase. When several states defaulted on its loans, Barings bribed Daniel Webster to make speeches stressing the virtues of loan repayment. The states held their ground, so the House of Rothschild cut off the money spigot in 1842, plunging the US into a deep depression. It was often said that the wealth of the Rothschilds depended on the bankruptcy of nations. Mayer Amschel Rothschild once said, “I care not who controls a nation’s political affairs, so long as I control her currency”.
Since I was little, my career of choice was to be a musician. Not an easy one. My passion for music has always been an overwhelming obsession. I had my fair amount of blood, sweat and tears through the years, literally and figuratively. Although I used to enjoy them, I don't do gigs anymore, as my patience have run out dealing with unreliable fellow musicians, musical directors who mess you around and then don't want to pay you, etc. What I have been doing for many years is teaching piano, guitar and voice. I stopped teaching guitar and now focus only on piano and voice. Everybody should at least sing to themselves if they don't want to or can't play an instrument. It has many health benefits, believe me.
now doomed to fall
So when we were choosing items for Bald Hill Farm, we went with maple-esque cabinets, wild, speckled granite, and a (relatively) neutral tile backsplash--very easy to maintain. We had less counter space and less cabinetry, but the pantry had storage.
So what are these 1988 tracks with Willie Joe Duncan? Recorded in East Palo Alto, California, by a guy named Charlie Lange, we get Willie Joe talking about Jimmy Reed and Muddy Waters (whom he claims to have played with), and some unheard recordings where Willie Joe is backed by Chester D. Wilson on guitar, Lone Cat on harmonica and Willie G. on spoons. I have never heard of these three, but while they may not be Rene Hall or Froggy Landers, they do a nice job of backing up Willie Joe, all playing in pretty much the style of Jimmy Reed. There's several instrumental jams, which are very loose and yet another instrumental using the riff that we know of as Unitar Rock and/or Twitchy, this time called Joe Duncan Instrumental. There's also a jam in which he basically recreates what he sounded like playing on Maxwell Street with Jimmy Reed (Chester and Lone Cat filling in for the long gone Reed), called Key Of Jimmy Reed. Had Duncan never moved to L.A., Jimmy Reed's records, might have sounded quite different. Perhaps they would have a Unitar on them. Back to the One String Blues Masters CD --I'm glad I bought it. It's a bit short on liner notes and photos, in fact there's no liner notes at all or even a booklet. But you do get One String Sam's classic I Need $100, originally released on J-V-B, (owned by Joe Van Battle, who recorded John Lee Hooker's first sides, I guess he figured if he did so well with a guy who knew one chord, a guy with one string couldnt' miss. Anyway, it's said to be Don Van Vliet's favorite record, although don't ask me who said it, I forgot, still it's a classic by any one's standards, and these parenthesis are making me claustrophobic). It's also as rare as an honest politician. Personally, I wish the whole package was on vinyl, but clocking in at eighty minutes it would have to have been a two record set (or thirteen 78's) which economically was probably not feasible. Of course if you don't own the original 78 or 45 (does it exist on 45?) of One String Sam's I Need $100 b/w My Baby Ooo, which, unless you're extremely lucky, you could never find for a mere $100 nowadays, this compilation is double essential. There's also a live version from the '73 Ann Arbor Blues Festival and two other tracks from the same date. There's really not a bad track on this CD, although One String Sam and the Specialty sides from Willie Joe are the best things here, Eddie "One String" Jones' Rollin' & Tumblin' is excellent, as is his version of The Dozens, although it's admittedly a hard song to fuck up.
Whew...can you believe it!? Already a year! It was my birthday last year that we were speeding down the 95 to get to the hospital only to be sent home for another 12 days.
Monday - Tuna Pasta Salad (I usually make a massive bowl of this since me and Paul love it so much. We snack on it all night! I use 4 handfuls pasta, cooked and cooled, 1/2 cucumber diced, 4 x tomatoes, diced, 1/2 x yellow pepper, diced, salad cream to taste. Mix it all up in a large bowl and add seasoning to taste)
Please read on to learn more about this talented designer…
It is Monday right? My computer says 12:16am, so I guess it’s Tuesday.. But this post is for Monday, so Happy Monday anyways!
The thread is the Stampin' Up linen thread (which I've almost run out of - note to self to order some more !) and then I've run around the edge with my sewing machine.
When you’re a grown man
Love will change its tune
1994 Vieux Télégraphe Châteauneuf-du-Pape (Rhône blend of mostly Grenache and Syrah)–I opened this right as the guests arrived and poured less than a half of a glass right away. I did this for three reasons: pouring a little wine out enables a bit of air to get in, which is a gentler way of introducing air into an older wine than a full decanting; I wanted to see if the wine were flawed (and then need to run down to grab something else); and I was one thirsty bastard. There was a bit of brett on the nose, which I had hoped would eventually wear off. It did for the most part. The fruit, although faded, was still impressive: mostly stewed fruit and red pepper. Average finish. Very Good. 88 points.
Claudio Berro (Director, Lotus Motorsport) made the following statement:
iv) 38% of Pakistanis believe in Islamic terrorism.
All this rain is confusing the local flora and fauna: a temporary pond develops now and again on the road opposite our house and ducks have been swimming in it, happily oblivious to the schoolrun mothers in their 4x4s hurtling by.
This is my own, my native land!
Over at dVerse’s we are given a fascinating essay by the Chazinator on science and poetry. Throughout, he references poets and gives examples of what they have to say on the topic, through their poems. The prompt asks that we reference in some way the scientific spirit of our time. To read the essay and his suggestions for how we approach the prompt, head over. As always, explore the pub while you are there. They offer so much on their menu.
Belt:: Thrifted
6 tablespoons (3/4 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces
It's quite an experience in itself.
The light seems too bright
i forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to further support the porn industry’s by ‘pushing’ and forcing onto another my thoughts, and ‘pictures’ and ‘ideas’ about rape, in suggesting that it be okay, through the words and my actions within my world
Here's a chance to eat a yummy breakfast and contribute to a great cause. The New Year of Hope Foundation (www.anewyearofhopefoundation.org) has a two-fold mission: to help families whose children have Neuroblastoma and to provide funds for research at Cook Children’s NB Center.
Some of my favourite things include being able to pay my bills on time and immersing myself in a good historical novel.
What are your weekend plans?
Today, the Biker was almost killed in a head-on collision on the way to work.
21 Hoss
Twenty years later, I think I have regained your trust, and I think I have given you some of the things I promised to give: To take, to have, to hold, to love, and to cherish you.
So ironic that running paved way for me to finally step on the grounds of PMA. Me and my friends were bound to run the first Mt. Ugu Marathon in Kayapa, Nueva Vizcaya when we decided to have a detour for some warm-up the day before in Baguio City. Major Ronald Illana who belongs to the faculty of the PMA, wants to share his training ground to us so me and my friends where so much humbled to his offer. It is a once in a lifetime opportunity to run in a heavily guarded camp.
You ginger step
Place cherries evenly on browned crust.
It feels like cold blue ice in her heart
Yesterday (2/9) was my one year bandiversary!! Yay. I went shopping today to celebrate. I bought some cute shirts. My band tightness that had me a little worried after my most recent fill has settled down and I'm comfortable. Quite possibly in the green zone. Only trouble is with breakfast but I'm figuring it out. I'm down to 157 lbs. I hit 156 for a few days when I was struggling with not eating much.
Let's not confuse tango with sex. In popular culture, it's the image we are fed and is fostered by a lot of caricatures that make tango dancers crazy. However, let's do look at tango as a way of enjoying maleness and femaleness in ways that are not readily accessible in our society, or in a lot of societies. And I don't mean that is a sexy or sexist way either. I dance with men and women, and I know a lot of other dancers do too. Gender is not the issue, but the energy you bring to your role as a leader or follower that makes the dance happen. People that dance tango often find the dance full of spiritual or psychological lessons for themselves and in their relationships with others. One of my tango blogging friends, Johanna Siegmann, wrote a book on this very subject called The Tao of Tango.
Shanty towns
SS: And then we just switched the k for the p because it sounded better.
Or I’m just paranoid.
The Challenge - Write 100 pages of original scripted material in the 30 days of April. (Screenplays, stage plays, web series, TV shows, short films, and graphic novels are all welcome.)
My fudge turned out unbelievably good!! The orange jelly candies look and taste super also. So now guess what family is getting for some presents! CANDY!! I plan to make loads of different recipes from this book. Here is the cover so that you can pick this book up because it really is a great candy book!
From the time the Jews arrived in chains and en masse in Rome, the one constant in Jewish history has been persecution, much of it of the cruelest and most murderous kind, a short review of which may be found here. The gradual genocide has brought down the European Jewish population from an estimated 4 million in the 1st century to less than 100,000 by the 16th. Such a genocidal constriction of the Jews’ gene pool takes its biological toll to this day, e.g. in the various Jewish genetic illnesses.
Saturday, January 28 commence’s a new chapter for Empowering Youth Through Travel students as they begin the Supplemental Learning Experience (SLE). The SLE component of our program intertwines a social issue with leadership development. A curriculum has been established by EYTT educators, which will equip teens with the knowledge and skills to make positive change in their respective communities and abroad. Part of developing global leaders is through increasing one’s awareness of issues that affect individuals worldwide. EYTT promotes this awareness through our 2012 Global Theme sustainable development. Sustainability is a broad issue to cover as there are many subtopics under this umbrella. However, students will gain a solid introduction of the theme with an opportunity to delve further into a specific area of their interest. They will do this through independent research, field trips, hands-on activities, overseas travel to Costa Rica, and a final capstone project where students discover their niche as social agents of change.
Over the next couple of days, my mom and I enjoyed little bits of Albuquerque, the first day wandering around the Nob Hill area near the University of New Mexico Campus. First, we enjoyed a lovely Sunday brunch at Scalo, a northern Italian restaurant. My taste buds danced with delight with each bite of poached salmon with steamed spinach and sun-dried tomato and polenta. The flavor combination was incredible, and as I do when I eat something I enjoy, a small sigh and a little dance in my seat occurred as I enjoyed each perfect bite.
On April 28, Purea appeared for the first time, as Cook recalled:
Loved the book, loved the inventiveness of the language used, and loved its brilliant if scary ending.
That’s not really “on hold,” they’re just waiting for the next step in the process.
1 flexed
It was another beautiful day. We really lucked out with the weather – 2 perfect days in between days of rain and snow.
- have daddy babysit you for a long time
City head into the crunch contest at the Etihad Stadium on Monday knowing victory would take them back to the top of the Barclays Premier League on goal difference with two games remaining.
“Why did you bring me here? What is this about?” I demanded.
The President of the Republic appoints civilian and military employees and ends their services in accordance with the law.
I failed in seeing and acting on a beautiful collision God set up for me last night. And I am utterly gutted. Not condemned, just gutted.
walk past the hairdressers
As I write this I am sitting in the garden, under a lush canopy of green, smelling the jasmine in the air moist and rich from the rain. I can even hear the crickets and frogs. A vast difference from sitting here in the sweltering heat listening to the loud techno music from the bar down the streets and the drunk tourists swearing while they stumble on the road behind me after a night of clubbing.
Type: All grain
November 30 Boulder, CO Fox Theatre
A friend recommended Kathryn Stockett's debut novel THE HELP (note: a book for grown-ups) and once I got into it, I was gone. I neglected my family. I ate very little. I wore pajamas. There was no showering. I read chapters out loud and copied down my favorite lines. And when I finally finished it at 3:15 AM on Monday I sat weeping on my sofa. Sigh.
Wow. Now, part of me wanted to laugh. Like a gorilla?? But most of me was hurting inside because my daughter had to have been filled with a drive to be cruel. She had an audience- a friend in her class- that she showed it to and they laughed. Then she put it away in her folder and forgot that she was bringing it home.
Next up Serpentine who feature the awesome vocal talents of Tony Mills (Shy/TNT) and they have a new album ready to go once they get a label. Check them out at www.myspace.com/planetserpentine
We could charge 12 cents a character, and wouldn’t have to spend a dollar on advertising – we could just do the Sydney AM radio circuit (apart from the pinkoes at the ABC, obviously). As long as Alan Jones didn’t consider it an infringement of his intellectual property, he would bloody love it.
She told a story about a North Carolina friend whose dad (an Amendment 1 supporter?) enjoyed having sex with dogs:
At first, all I can hear is Gambit begging for me Thom to cuddle with him. eeeehn- eeeehn- eeeehn.
One more thing..I am opening a new etsy shop by the end of this month. We have a new blog and we would really appreciate it you can join us there as well. We will be having a giveaway within the next couple of days. Make sure you follow the blog for a chance to win.
Sunday – roast chicken
1a) 3X15 GH Raise – rest 45 sec.
And kindle and burn with the Ideal’s fire
I'm truely happy and I'm truly looking forward to my new adventure. I'm going to learn so much, gain experience in the field, and grow. Once I return to the U.S, I'm looking forward to eating and dating again.
The third “book” is the notes. As the author explores the question of what kind of character free institutions and self-government presuppose in a populace, the reader is led into depth after depth—that is, the reader who is able to accept the author’s invitation to explore. The range of topics dealt with penetratingly and carefully in those notes must be seen to be believed: this part of the book is like a little university, a second University of Chicago (the author’s alma mater). Many important political events are discussed; but more important is the wealth of discriminating references, commentary and often detailed analysis of the anthropological, sociological, psychological and, above all, poetic and philosophical writings that the author has found useful: useful for his explorations into the nature of American institutions, into the meaning of the American way of life, the nature of human beings, and the nature of nature. Serious students of American institutions, of political life, and of what transcends and is the ground of political life have here a guide to where to go as they face the dilemma posed by the realization that the good citizen and the good man are not simply identical. Students of the law will be pleasantly surprised to learn how fascinating their field of study can be.
The live chat is scheduled for 8-10 pm ET on November 5th. Challenges will be posted here on November 5th and will be open until November 12th 11:59 pm ET.
It will not be on the shelves much longer. On Sunday, state officials announced that Phusion Projects, the Chicago company that makes Four Loko, had voluntarily agreed to halt shipments to New York State by Friday.
No, being a mother to a child who died is no easy burden.
The reason I stand with St, Louis is akin to the reason why I like the Miami Dolphins football team. I loved them because my big brother loved them, and I still have stout feelings for that team despite the fact that they have no Dan Marino anymore and I rarely get their games on TV here in Arizona. Nevertheless, my hatred for the Dallas Cowboys is a legacy of my loyalty to Miami, and it will always persist.
“I want everyone keeping an ear out for trouble. You agreed to follow my orders, didn’t you? No TV, no lights.”
For the last one. *sniff* I almost wasn't going to blog tonight due to this. But don't worry, it's okay - contest closed. Congrats Sofie.
alure n.(obs); a walk behind battlements.'Guinevere’s allure was obvious to Lancelot as he gazed down at her from Camelot's alure,' perhaps.
Franky Goes to Hollywood Relax UK
Chopped Pecans, about 1/3 c.
I haven’t been there in over a decade now but along with its undoubtedly beautiful setting on the Bay, the vibrancy of its culture (and counter-culture) and of course the wonderful food, fascinating people and amazing architecture, the potential for squalor and seediness seemed often remarkably ever-present to me as a European tourist, requiring little more than a short step in the ‘wrong’ direction – especially before the regeneration of SOMA. This mixture of high and low culture, of beauty and darkness, have made it the perfect setting for all kinds of mysteries, from the misanthropic romance of Hitckcock’s Vertigo to the hard- and soft-boiled worlds of Hammett found in the gritty adventures of Sam Spade and upper class sleuths Nick and Nora Charles. In some ways the most valuable works here for me are those by Bill Pronzini and the late Joe Gores, who use the city and its environs as the backdrop for so much of their work. They offer a particularly fascinating and diverse look at a city and how it has changed over the decades.
The Ideal- Only need one
Autobiographical Writings
While K-State was able to secure Rodriguez — and has yet to lose any players in the transition of the new coaching staff — that’s not the case in Columbia, South Carolina.
Release Me
The four-eyed freakazoids at the Grey Lady probably know that people are going to read crap like this and go: "Huh?"; but their absolute need to pedestalize Organized Blackness is stronger than their own commitment to the greater societal good and their own good sense; and their prerogative for publishing the finest literary review in modern times, something they abdicated from a long time ago, in favor of their pursuit of Cultural Morality Athlete fame.
Many of Wellman’s 1930s movies are little-known and difficult to get hold of. By contrast, this classic is everywhere – available on a host of cheap region 1 and 2 DVDs with no special features. However, its public domain status means the film has not been restored (at any rate on the region 2 DVD I have, from a company called Nostalgia) and the Technicolor is sadly faded, though I’m sure it was glorious originally. All the same, the film’s greatness still comes across, even if the picture quality is less than perfect. And Max Steiner’s music is wonderful.
Pulp Fiction covers always seem to be trying to cram as much action into the cover as they can (a lot of comic book covers seem to try this approach too). For example, someone's breaking down a door right as they're shooting another person who is just at that moment burning a screaming person with a white hot poker.
I think that I needed a valium today as I waited in the waiting room. He was gone for much longer than usual. I was worried that he was having trouble. It turned out that they were taking some x-rays and it was a little longer treatment. Whew!
Related post on left brain / right brain art and concepts (Mercedes Benz Ad)
A ladder rope was lowered to them and they climbed on, Emma first. As Allen neared the top, the copter swayed, and a man in a cheap suit and deafening tie leaned over to block him. What the hell?, Allen thought.
She finally got to travel this summer. She went to NY, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Boston, and Connecticut on college tours. Lucky!! She got to stay in a fabulous hotel in Times Square and see "Rock of Ages" on Broadway, they even stayed after the show to take a picture with Constantine (from American Idol). She came home with a shirt that says "Hooray for boobies"
can never be saved
The name Pesto comes from the traditional preparation method, which prescribes the “pestatura” (crushing) of the ingredients in a marble mortaio (mortar) with a wooden pestello (pestle).
My Thoughts: The only reason this book took me three days to read was because I had to work full time. Otherwise I would have read the book in one go. As a matter of fact the largest chunk got read the day I worked the evening shift and I spent the morning laying in the garden reading. I really loved this book!
When I returned two years later for a job on the same street, but this time with the ACLU doing 1st amendment work, I was paranoid I would run into one of the bankers - especially when I bought one dollar coffee at the small grocery stores --owned by old Italians. I was addicted to the cheap, burnt sweet flavor.. I thought I would see them. They would mock me and jeer me subtly for being a student - and in debt. My class of analysts probably made a $60,000 bonus, and rented swanky apartments, and here I was surviving on french fries and rice, bought at bulk rates from Indian stores, and commuting from Jackson Heights on the seven train, and then switching for the South Ferry.
And, as the human animals that we are, we are also affected by the things that exist within us, as well. Instinct, honed by millions of years of evolution, have created a race of beings with the potential for greatness. Whether great joy, or great tragedy – is completely up to us as a species. Personal emotions and ideas form the way we interact with the world, aside from the “trained responses” that are part of society and parenting, pushing us to make decisions either for gain or for loss.
“Reestablish it, fix it. It’s like losing one of your legs,” Bea said.
The concept of the voids is really quite good, and one of the few imaginative things about it all. It’s just a shame they mishandled it (Really, a fridge?) but at least they always kept it integral to the story. Put it in a Persona-like RPG and you have got a fantastic game mechanic though.
I have a very special friend I want you to meet and know.
O’er many a dainty dish,
America’s favorite arctic herd is busy decorating for the holiday season. In his rush to help, SID (John Leguizamo) destroys MANNY’s (Ray Romano)
SB – I haven’t seen any steez from you in awhile. Get on that hooker.
we missed daddy. but called him and sent him lots of pictures so he could feel like he was there. before we left i dropped my iphone in the bathroom and did not thing anything of it...i have a case. so it was unfortunate to realize that my screen is now shattered. bummer. so it goes. we headed home and off to bed she went. around 3am i heard her talking a bit in bed. looked at the monitor (why a video monitor is worth every last cent) and something did not look right. she was crammed up against one side of the crib with her blanket and all her stuffed animals. she sleeps with like five animals. went down to check and quickly realized...puke. all over the place. without knowing it we realized we had a little system for cleaning up after a throw up incident. i strip sheets. give medicine. he changes diaper and pajamas. he starts laundry. i rock baby back to sleep. in the dark, rocking, and singing and then i am quickly trying to catch throw up in my hands in the dark. i realize that is gross but anyone with kids totally understands these nasty moments in parenthood. i yell for justin and he adds more clothes to laundry and we clean up. ah, the joys. all this to say our little ava is sick. a little stomach bug, nothing serious according to the doctor since her throat and ears look good. so today she was attached to me and by 6:30pm poor baby she was inconsolable. no movie. or book. or cupcake could settle her sick little soul. she asked me to make cupcakes (jiffy corn bread but she does not know the difference) so i made some quick and she was asleep before they were done cooking. asleep before 7pm and justin asleep by 9pm. it was supposed to family night out...and it was still family night. just not out. i am currently making scarves (thank you for the orders) and about to head to bed early myself. some weeks call for early nights and extra sleep. hoping it is a puke free night.
~Jennifer
Meanwhile, down at the GGP’s (aka my in-laws, ”the Great-grandparents”), the parking area became the staging area for the round-up. Once the fugitive had been apprehended, the emergency team (which had entered the property from the highway) had to figure out where they were and notify the emergency vehicles of the location relative to actual roads. The GGPs watched as police and dog escorted a bleeding, hand-cuffed man up from the stream road along the tractor path through their yard to the parking area of their house. There the EMTs secured him to a wheelchair, hoisted him into the ambulance, and whisked him off to a hospital for treatment. At this point the police departed, the ambulance departed, the fire-fighters went through some automotive gymnastics with flashlights to turn the truck around in our driveway, and then it also departed. The slow parade of exiting emergency vehicles took all the spinning, pulsing, throbbing lights with them.
"I asked the local school if I could come in and be a 'fly on the wall' to gather some ideas," she writes in the introduction. But she soon found how difficult it is to be invisible in the classroom. One boy called John was especially curious. "John asked me why I was sitting in the corner making notes. I told him that I was trying to get ideas for some poems. He suggested that the first poem be about him."
You will notice there is a large burger as well as a small one in the picture. The large on is 12″ wide by about 8″ tall and the small one is slightly larger than an actual sized hamburger.They are fashioned out of terracotta clay. The technique is a combination of wheel thrown and hand built.”
It'd be true to say I went home royally entertained....but also very moved by the stories and the characters who told them....
On top of that, our pediatrician confirmed what we already knew: Brayden is speech delayed. I knew this was coming, I mean the kid just said momma for the first time 2 weeks ago. His other word? Dada. That's it. But hearing it from his doctor? Just kind of hurt. We are in the process of getting him an evaluation through Easter Seals. More to come on this.
Day Thirteen : 13.48
Mid goal - 157lbs by end of October
Scary. I don’t know if you’ve been roped into this show, but I sure have. When I originally saw commercials for Revenge, I hadn’t planned to watch. I thought it was going to be a Mean Girls kind of show. I think that mostly came from the lead actress looking so young. For whatever reason, I tuned in for the first episode and I was hooked. For those of you who haven’t seen it, here’s the trailer:
I came up with this recipe for Homestyle Fries as a way to recreate my love for fried potatoes in a way that is healthier for me. Also, it involves no piping-hot oil, which is always a bonus.
Anyway, suffice it to say that the search turns up some comedic moments as well as some romantic ones, and this is after all a romantic comedy. The fact that some of the comedy is ill-timed and just juvenile doesn't take away too much enjoyment. For movie night with the gal pals, this will do nicely. Just don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed.
Three times elected Mayor of this
That’s a whole lot of runny crème brulées, sub-standard steaks, desperately unhip bars and overpriced cafes I have saved you from.
Defense Department spokesman Capt. John Kirby said Wednesday that among problems with the course taught at Norfolk, Va., was a presentation that asserted the United States is at war with Islam. Kirby noted that officials across two American administrations have stressed that the U.S. is at war with terrorists who have a distorted view of the religion.
Now let’s get deep with these things—real deep. After your protagonist has been given a Motivation they need to React. A Reaction has three parts that writers say need to happen in order. Here’s the three parts:
and making your dreams come true.
Snarling and gnashing it grows stronger.
I no longer know
what ever you call it, I call it the same…
5. As you can't get back to sleep, get up at 2AM and make a drink and watch an infomercial.
First of all, thanks for writing and supporting my blog. That said, there could be worse fates to suffer than being blogless — I mean, at least you’re not boobless in Massachusetts. I think that would be much worse. Well, unless you’re a guy. Man boobs, or “moobs,” are so uncool, dude. Oh, and also, you could be dead. Just sayin’…
The Air21 were all of a sudden the talk of the town (and the topic is not Ogie Menor!), with articles praising the coaching staffs and videos proclaiming that the Express were on its way to gate crash the Commish’s Cup.
Lets not go all pedantic about language, but I’ve recently started to see the difference between those I feel are reliable vs dependable. It might be common for many of us, or sometimes you just don’t think twice about it. I do, however, and I realised this – logically speaking, someone who delivers his promises consistently across many occasions of collaboration should be considered a reliable person, but something in the skeptical self questions if you can always trust this “reliability”. Conversely there are some that you meet, and unknowingly your mind is conditioned to trust that you can depend on them. In similar light, this person will deliver as promised, but even before you can prove it, you naturally feel at ease and foresees that even when crises arise, they will resolve the issues. This is, dependability.
My giant steel 1950s office desk from downstairs can’t fit upstairs so I have to be satisfied with something smaller. My ideal desk is one the size of a dining room table, (which is another place I like to work) preferably one that wraps around me so I have a place for all of my research to be out and visible all at once. However, my smaller desk is not small enough. It measures 30 inches and my door is 29 and a quarter! Okay, so what else can I use? Fortunately for me, I have a habit of buying old tables, and one that converts into a bench is already upstairs being used as a bench. Put the top back on and voila, my new desk with space underneath for the cats to sleep.
So CAMRA have been inventing new enemies again.
Was the bunny good to you?
of the Second Life Grid.
Which even to name wad be unlawfu'.
I dunno how I managed to remain ignorant of the name "Alex Grey" for so long, but somehow I did. I've admired the man's art from afar for quite awhile now, never having a name to put with his work until earlier today, via a happy email accident involving IllCon uber-Bro Farron Loathing. But now I know.
The work was done in dyads, or partners of two. I’d never experienced anything like it before. I’ve attended retreats in the cancer community that have allowed me to search myself for issues and things I needed to work on, but this was very different. It gave me time to explore all the types of contact there are.
"huh? wait, what? where am I supposed to wait?"
He drew an arrow from the quill on his back and carefully loaded his bow, all the while his eyes upon the deer. The creature seemed completely unaware of his presence and this fact made Lord Fuckington smile. As he drew back to string though the doe lifted its head and looked right at him. David paused, surprised at the calm attention of the deer, the string of his bow fully drawn, the muscles of his arms taut. Still the deer just looked at him. “Truly, you are a simple creature” Lord Fuckington muttered under his breath.
And also I’m playing my guitar again, which is making me happy. Practicing in the evenings when I come home. Nothing formal. I almost hesitate to call it practice. The point, just like with these Morning Pages, is mainly to sit still in a chair and put some time in. I don’t have all the details worked out yet of how I can use that time profitably.
Words like “delegate”, “representative” and “member” are sometimes used interchangeably or at least without a definition of what’s meant in that particular case.
talk
What hooks you? How long will you give a novel before you buy it? How long will you give a novel you have bought before you put it down?
dry brittle leaves fallen
Apart from that, police have also been accused of manhandling and assaulting media personnel and protesters during the rally.
STEP 2: Slice the apples and with a cooking-brush lightly brush the apples with honey for extra sweetness
"Look! Can you see through it? No. If you can't see through it, it's solid."
Get a critique partner/group.
smoke and appeared in the banker’s pockets and then the debt in the can got
Eastern Illinois University accepts it as long as course work includes a cultural component, said Stephen Canfield, chairman of the foreign language department there.
The ISO 27000 is the standard for information security management. The ISO 27000 series helps the organization design and operate their information security systems and procedures. The 27000 series replaces the ISO 17999 and BS7799 standard.
We were invited to attend Adaptive Athletic Association‘s first Wheelchair Tennis Tournament in January. It was held at Indian Wells Tennis Garden outside of Palm Springs, Ca. The sun baked our bones, as we took a well deserved break from our Bay Area cold and rainy winter weather. Pedro Gomes, photographer and one of Effortless City’s Founders, was on location in California and took the opportunity to shoot this intense, and inspiring, event.
We are delighted to announce our brand new Zigzag website is live from tonight!
Introduction from procrastin8or: I’m taking a week off from my regular feature and turning the blog over to a much-valued blog buddy of mine. tmso, author of a writer’s blog under pseudonym nilaewhite and The Atheist’s Quill has been very kind in offering to complete the trio of mobile media posts with this list of apps for Apple products (iphone, ipad etc). I hope you find them useful
Mungate, married two daughters of Chinamora.
pathetic. Some of the troops
4) Craft Room Mecca Reveal - From cluttered office to creative oasis, this project inspired me to get moving on my own workspace.
She needs help, oh please can't you hear her cries in the middle of the night?!
To put the percentage of Carbon Dioxide in air in a clearer perspective;
Is it done when my critiquers says it's done? When I find an agent or editor who wants it? When everything I do only seems to make it worse? When I start a new project and lose interest in this one? When, despite taking a step back for a week or two, I can't stand to work on it for one more second? Somehow these all seem like unsatisfying, analytical ends to what has been a very satisfying creative process.
The obvious signs of this winter preparation is the “eviction of the surplus Drones” from the hives. The Drones are the male bees in the hive, all the other bees are female. They bring balance to the hive and naturally it is with the Drones from the hives that the virgin Queen Bees mate – but that is a unique occurrence . The cycle of the Drone is such that Rudolf Steiner says they bring an earthly connectivity to the hive ,which otherwise has a strong Sun connectivity. But just like Bertie Wooster’s “Drone’s Club” in the famous BBC Series, Jeeves and Wooster, there is a good bit of lazying around done by the drones in the hive, and winter survival means non-working surplus would threaten the survival of the hive, so they are thinned out by the worker bees. Another sign that winter is well underway and it is no longer “business as usual” for the bees, is the “robbing” . Robbing takes place when the nectar sources are low and the bees wish to continue to collect as much food as possible. They look upon the other hives in the apiary as a convenient place to pick up some honey and thus the robbing. We shut down the size of the hive entrances to allow the guard bees in the hives to better manage the smaller “gate way” and they do a great job. However if you have a weak hive, it could be the robbers will win and overtake the guards. One interesting thing about this situation is that possibly the bees in the robbed hive might then just go and join the robbers hive, and if not, they will parish from starvation.
Next, you’ll want to prep your meat. For the white meat chicken: I took one large chicken breast, trimmed it (I’m picky about chicken in that I don’t like “googlies.” One of the billion advantages of cooking at home — you know every single thing that’s going into your food!). Then, I sliced the breast into half-inch medallion-like pieces. I rubbed each piece with some veggie oil, placed it on a sheet of saran wrap, covered with another sheet of saran wrap, and pounded each piece to half its original thickness. This is definitely not necessary, but I love thin pieces of chicken best (mostly because they have more surface area which means more places for sauce to stick). Makes them extra tender too. Totally fine to skip the pounding though. I threaded the chicken pieces onto wooden skewers that I had soaked in water for a bit so they don’t catch fire on the grill.
Baby blue is a baby who was murdered by his psychotic mother. Nobody knows his real name. His mother murdered him by shattering a mirror and stabbing him to death with a shard of glass.
Being in Iceland had mixed emotions for me. Despite the grey skies, cold weather and pelting rain it made me want to visit again, it’s a beautiful country with lovely people and the most amazing landscapes to drive around. One example made me feel sad for how far the country’s financial state had fallen, in 2006 when I visited it was £1 to 13 Kroner, it’s now £1 to 194 Kroner.
I had a brilliant day yesterday. It was off to Lucy's where I also met up with Zoe and Von. We did some crafting, lots of chatting and laughing and sharing ideas. What a pity none of us thought to get a camera out - just too wrapped up in what we were doing. Thanks girls I had a great time.
This brings me to the fascinating article in the New York Times Sunday magazine by Ethan Watters earlier this week. In “The Americanization of Mental Illness,” Watters looks at the export of not just American medical treatments for mental illness, but also the symptoms as US and European psychologists, medical professionals and pharmaceutical industries make their science and products available around the world. According to Watters’ article, research has long shown that “people with schizophrenia in developing countries appear to fare better over time than those living in industrialized nations.” An anthropologist named Juli McGruder from the University of Puget Sound looked into this question in her study of families of schizophrenics in Zanzabar who frequently believed their family member was possessed by spirits. This belief prompted them to do certain things to appease the spirits, so that the patients were “coaxed with food, feted with song and dance” all of which, it seemed, led to a better result in the long term for these patients than for their American counterparts, who are believed to have a chemical imbalance and whose families try to help them take full responsibility for themselves. Find time to read the whole article.
We want our children to do and be many things. Love their siblings. Be friendly and respectful. Handle criticism with integrity. Not curse, drink, or smoke. We want them to be responsible, be accountable, be forgiving, be compassionate, and be confident. Ultimately we want them to grow into a great and happy person. Well guess what people! That means practicing what you preach. That means being and DOING the things you want to instill in your children. This means being the change. Trust, Gandhi was on to something HUGE.
In any event, now that the fence is done, I realize it is pretty impossible to get a good shot of giant lenghts of electrical fencing, regardless of how beautiful it is and how many times you go out into your newly fenced pasture to admire it. It's kind of invisible. So instead you get a picture of one of the gates.
1 t Kosher salt
“I have a love-hate feeling for my homeland China. I love it because it is developing and young generation like us have a lot of opportunities to achieve our goals and a better life; I hate it because it is still developing and ridden with problems like soaring housing prices, food safety, pollution. As a journalist-to-be I hope to read and think more on these issues and write articles that enlighten others.”
And when that gets old, it will be something new. But, miraculously, there will be a drug for it.
If you can adore aloneness by loving your mind in its state of awareness with no need but to experience that which is, the needs that drive your loneliness will fall away, and you will discover who you really are. The other day my daughter said something like: ‘Mum, you’re really quite strange sometimes, a bit like an alien.’ I replied: ‘I take that as a compliment.’
Off to bed. Work tomorrow. Bleh.
Turns out this rare specimen belongs to local cyclist Jon D. Generous and trusting, Jon offered to lend me the bike to photograph and test ride. Long story short, Jon's Rawland is now staying over for a visit.
Let's keep it simple"
The additives are based on a formulation that is effective in both four cycle and two cycle engines and for both gasoline and diesel combustion. They add special formulations to focus the products to specific needs. Their Fuel Solution products are not a flammable but a combustable additive.
March 4 - Johnny Preston, pop singer ("Running Bear"), 71
There, I’ve said it.
A twist that Patsy also put on the Raspberri Caiproska was the use of Balsamic Vinegar drizzled on top of the finished product. Looked great, tasted even greater!
and polishing the sphinx!
According to a report from the Pew center, for the first time since the depression, more Mexicans leave the United States than enter. Reasons cited were: Weak U.S. job and housing construction market, tightened border controls, a rise in deportations and a decline in Mexican birthrates.
Using the brush is quite messy though, the plastic packaging around the outside of my blusher is now stippled with tones of blush but I can forgive that as now you can actually see the blusher on me.
As we face the stress of planting season, my test, and now home ownership, it helps to reflect on our blessings and appreciate that great challenges come with great rewards. I leave you with a picture of the newest member of our herd and some of the lyrics from one of my favorite hymns that helps me remember that we can and will make it through whatever we may face.
Proverbs 1:32-33 (NLT)
Sometimes, as the sun went down, we'd sit around in the cool shade of the back, listening to insects and the sound of wind rustling through wild trees. We'd hand joints around and burn the dried grass down to stub. After a while we'd lay back and stare up at the slowly changing sky. Sometimes it'd be shot through with pink clouds, warning us that tomorrow may not be so great. Someone would always talk. A slow, stoned, drawl of hope and mystery. Some of us had dreams, but others were too clever for such things. I had no dreams. I wanted nothing but the very moment.
Soak tamarind in water for about 20 - 30 minutes. Pulp tamarind to thick juice, if required add more water to extract tamarind juice and set them aside.
Jews don’t drink much and seem very capable of talking to each other on their own. I have never been heckled by a Jew, here or in America, even when they didn’t enjoy my award-winning Holocaust material. They just go to the manager and demand their money back, and some additional restitution for having their lives ruined by my jokes.
I’ve been watching some very helpful little videos on www.quickcrop.ie. They are very informative, easy to follow and might be helpful to my other beginner gardeners such as myself. The one on jerusalem artichokes is great if you would like to know how to grow them yourself.
Philip Stein is a Swiss luxury watch brand. There are many Swiss watch makers, each with their own special flare and panache, and figuring out which one is right for you can get confusing. If you’re buying a watch as a gift, for a man, there are some unique considerations.
The text changes in size, things are highlited or
The fatal flaw with being present, with being intentional and involved vs. coasting, is that it takes an awful lot of attention. You can’t sip in more while you’re fretting about your automatic bill-pay, or when your last haircut was, or how many calories are packed in your lunchbox. You can’t really be where you are while you think of something to write for Cheap Art or tell John Boehner what you really think of him. In your head I mean. You can’t stretch your muscles, lengthening and deepening, while you daydream about blackberry cobbler or a trip to Zurich in the fall. Also, there is a lot of decision-making involved, which wears me plum out. We’re pulling out of Florida in less than two weeks, so I’ve been sorting through books, art supplies, furniture, clothes, life, trying to figure out what to donate, sell, and pack. This being intentional, being present, means deciding not only when to do more, but also when enough is enough. I’ve gotten all the mileage I can out of this blender, this picture, this chair, this lamp. I can’t let the preparation to move to Montana slide if we’re going to leave an empty house in twelve days, any more than I can let my painting take care of itself if I expect to grow as an artist. So I’m retiring this truck, this dog, this reference photo, along with a couple others. We’ve coasted along together for a long time now, and I need some new challenges to paint. I need to stretch my painting like I need to stretch my lungs. I can do better, I can do more. It really is sip your way up, or coast your way down I think, though it never occurred to me quite like this before I swiped and returned that lost little postcard. Funny it was absence slips I was looking for when I got to thinking so much about being present. Big deep breaths, fill up, and now stretch and do more.
On the leeward side, I stop between the number four wheel and number two engine for a minute to dry my pant legs in the brake fan heat. The fueler comes into my cozy little alcove and hands me a limp, damp copy of the fuel receipt. My dispatcher ordered 800 gallons of Jet-A... That will bring us up to the required load for the next leg; KLAS (Las Vegas).
Today is the birthday of “Grandpa” Al Lewis (Albert or Alexander Meister, 1923-2006). Among many other fake biographical tidbits, Lewis often gave out that he was born in 1910. Some have speculated that he did that so the public (and the television producers) wouldn’t know that he was actually one year younger than Yvonne de Carlo, who played his daughter Lily on The Munsters (1964-1966). I postulate an added reason — it sorts of bolsters the credibility of the image he liked to project of an old time vaudeville and burlesque comic (and an advocate for social justice, i.e. it’s hard to have been involved with Sacco & Vanzetti if you weren’t old enough). In reality, vaudeville and burlesque were almost gone by the time he was old enough to have performed in them. (He also claimed to have gotten a Ph.D. in child psychology from Columbia, of which no record exists). He undoubtedly did some live performing at whatever kind of venues were around in the 1940s — those great comic chops came from somewhere. But it’s not until the 1950s when he begins to show up in Broadway shows and on television that anything verifiable on Mr. Lewis emerges. Prior to his stint on The Munsters, he’d been on Bilko (1959) and Car 54, Where Are you? (1961-63), among other shows. His last film was in 2002.
Now that you've seen my page, go on over and check out Traci's work for today. If you've missed any of the previous posts you can click the button on the right hand side and take a look.
My feet I look…
If it’s new and flashy and glitzy and ‘edgy’ and over-the-top, they eat it up and ask for more, oblivious to the fact that they are being manipulated. The sheer artificiality, the falseness, of the preachy ‘diverse’ movies is the most indigestible part of it for me.
speed variation problem but it is noticable in parts of both (not all of either).
Out of this dark time came the Christmas card that I cherish. For while other children made nice green and red Christmas-themed cards for their parents with the Nativity Scene, angels, and glitter, I got something very different. It gave me a glimmer of hope. In the frame of mind he was in, I did not expect a card at all.
So I'd end up doing the one thing I always ended up doing; watching ants in the garden. Wondering what they were thinking. IF they could think and if they could think, then wondering if they had names and families and what their homes looked like under the earth and if they had the ant-equivalent of furniture and shops and jobs. I'm a little surprised I never actually ended up being an Ant-iquarian with the unhealthy amount of ant-based interest I amassed during my formative years. And when my brother dropped his heavy boot on my little project, I'd become even more fascinated as I watched the little ants race about in astonished circles crying "oh my god, Dave's just been squished, quick, send for the Ant-bulance" (in my head, anyway) and then I’d be absolutely awe-struck as they overcame their confusion and rallied around Dave, lifting him high above their little ant-heads and off to the nearest operating theatre in their burrow/hive/warren. Actually, I’m not sure if I read it or dreamed it or saw something on the telly but I did hear somewhere that the ant kingdom is the only other species in the world that can perform life-saving surgery on their own kind.
Berkley, Jun 5 2012, $7.99
Two lucky readers will each win an ARC of this book. Just fill out the form to enter.
There was also Sergio. Sergio was mostly quiet--a polite, soft spoken cook from the hills near Guadalajara. He made cooking look so easy. I would show him a new technique that I could barely grasp myself, and he had it down two plates later. He was also an astonishingly functional alcoholic. There were some nights where he would come to me and ask for booze--which then left me with the choice of enabling his behavior and having a smooth service, or trying to "help" him and watching things go down in flames. Something strange happened away from the kitchen though: the drinking continued, but his humanity slipped away. He became shy, cranky, and angry. I started to look forward to seeing him intoxicated at work.
Romney favors the aggressive pursuit of domestic energy sources such as oil, gas, coal, nuclear, wind, and solar. He doesn’t see any great benefit to four so-called game changers:
and I suddenly think to ask are you okay?
When the Spirit of God moves and things begin to happen, pray that we will remember where the blessing has come from and praise Him.
This summer is about to get a lot more interesting...
Sidewall height has been reduced, with rear wheel-archs now extended forward, protruding over what was previously occupied air-intake real estate. Due to the demand for increased mechanical grip, front tyre width has increased and, as a result wheel archs are now heightened and much more pronounced.
Organization Apps:
“From the syncretism here along the border, from the mixture of Catholicism, witchcraft and idolatry, come blasphemies that always arise whenever something is exalted above God. Worshiping anyone, anything, or any idol instead of the Lord God Almighty brings escalating violence, mutilations, bombings, murders and slaughters for the sake of money, power and pride.
So the zebra went off in search of God. When he found Him, the zebra asked, "Please God, I must know: Am I white with black stripes, or am I black with white stripes?"
But there’s more to Marian’s mission than meets the eye of her SOE controllers; her mission has been hijacked by another secret organization that wants her to go to Paris and persuade a friend—a research physicist—to join the Allied war effort. The outcome could affect the whole course of the war.
And the expectations that come with New Year's always leaves me feeling overwhelmed. I'm like a possum that plays dead when over stimulated.
I chose to use the 'Zentangle' method, which is probably THE doodle art technique!
To our surprise, though, no Obama volunteers were there either. A staffer who was checking out around 4:30 — our announced arrival time — claimed that an Internet service outage had caused the office to cancel its scheduled phonebank. Indeed, the third floor appeared to be dark.
Black Pudding began to trotter off into a half-way point. As he did so, he shouted out one last word of encouragement to the Mod dogs.
1 cup coriander seed
Anyway, as I was saying, unlike Dooce, who probably never reads her comments (which is why I never write one on her blog, because seriously, after #246, what's the point?), I savor each and every morsel you leave me. I take your words and swirl them around in my mouth for a bit, and then raise my hands to the heavens and shout them for all the gods to hear. That's how much I love you guys. Just saying. (Come on 160!)
Zuger said another provision of the law would enable federal criminal trials related to reservation crime to be held on reservations.
Here are just a few of the other 89 cakes that were entered. If you're interested in bidding on any of these cakes and incentives please check out Cakes for a Cause Piqua!
Fits On 1 CD
that without
Book of the Month, May 2010
Everywhere you look around my house you can find a stack of design books, art books, collecting books, you name it.....anything the least bit related to design, architecture, art and antiques, I either have it or want it!
I learned a long time ago that blame serves no purpose. People do the best they can with the knowledge they have IN THAT MOMENT. 20/20 vision is only available in hindsight. We all know that you can never go back. You can revisit, but it is never the same. It can be better or worse depending on your attitude and the attitude of others. The trick is, adjusting your attitude to support the best possible outcome for you.
But Hitler was simply and sincerely saying, to the ‘genuine’ socialists, that socialism and nationalism can indeed work together. Ironically, earlier and latter communist Governments believed exactly the same thing. For example, didn’t Stalin, Mao and even Lenin fuse socialism and nationalism (Lenin less so than Stalin)? So that fusion was in the air at this time – it seemed entirely natural (at least to many). In that sense, it wasn’t a fusion at all. To many at that time (but not to us in 2011), socialism and nationalism were fused from the very beginning.
Hardcover/327pp.
I took the kid and off we went. It was mid-afternoon when we stopped by. The noon rush was over and we we pretty much had the place to ourselves, a rarity I understand, based on other reports coming down the pipes.
It's snowing in our part of Germany and from my various friends throughout Germany, it seems to be snowing all over! Our family loves snow. I love taking my kids out in it and playing and watching their faces as they see the beautiful white stuff covering the ground. So often it seems people moan and groan and do nothing but complain about it, they just want summer, of course in the summer they complain about the heat and how they wouldn't mind some snow. Why can't we be thankful and simply find joy in the season we're in? We all go through various seasons and at different times. There are the weather seasons of Spring, Summer, Fall, and Winter. Then there are the seasons of life that God allows us to walk through and sometimes instead of slowing down and living in that season and recognizing that God's allowing us to go through it, we want to run and rush through it. Young mothers who are exhausted because the baby has colic or doesn't sleep well at night (which why any young mother would think her newborn is going to sleep through the night is beyond me....while in the womb when are they most active?? AT NIGHT it just makes sense that they'd be awake at night when they enter this world!!), we want to rush through each season of life and then before we know it, it's over and we long for it back, or worse we don't and we've completely missed out on the blessing of that season of life, GOD allowed us to have.
I began to ring up the clothes. And a half hour later I found out that I was off on Monday and ready to show an unsmiling Leah a receipt for $27,953.72.
Automatic Bid: Big Ten Conference Champions
The Reception for the Small Works show is April 3rd at the SoCalPAPA Gallery.
Miraculously, looking in one direction I could see Baños’ Volcán Tungurahua. It was now almost all covered in clouds.
Another great evenings Gaming, Next week, Romans Vs Celts, but this time my Romans Vs Derek's Celts in a 2000 pt engagement.
Fortunes are also made by being in the right place at the right time. That can be true of corporate CEOs and individual entrepreneurs. It would be wrong to attribute no skill to them. But it would be equally wrong to rule out luck as a key driver of their success, that is, for the ones who are judged successful. (Survivorship bias applies here, too.)
First off, I hope everyone stays bundled up for their winter party hopping over the next few weekends/weeks. Second, I hope you take the time to put on a little glitz! This time of year it’s okay to be overdone anytime you walk into a room, after all, you probably just came from a holiday soiree or are on route to the next one! (or at least that’s what you could say?)
Hello Everyone!! It's the last Wednesday of the month and that means it is Challenge time again!! This month I want everyone to get Sporty!!! You could incorporate your Father's Day cards into this challenge, but it's not essential! Girls or boys, we all love our sport --- what's YOUR favourite sport??
“As a Jew and an Israeli, I feel it is my duty and obligation to share with you Voridis’ background and political career. A former leading figure in Greece’s neo-Nazi youth group, Chrysi Avgi (Golden Dawn), Voridis has a long history of Holocaust denial, anti-Semitism and xenophobia, including physical threats to Jewish families and leading groups of thugs against immigrants and leftists. Over the last couple of weeks he has smoothed over his thuggish past by describing it as “right-wing activism”. As a student at the elite Athens College high school, alma mater of current Prime Minister Papadimos, former Prime Minister Papandreou, Samaras and myself, Voridis formed the fascist student group “Free Students” that painted the walls with swastikas and saluted each other with using the Nazi-era greeting “Heil Hitler.”
Symptoms: Not many symptoms this week.
According to one of the Israeli merchants, Nature’s Heaven’s production facilities lie within the “green line” in an area where there has never been any Palestinian settlements.
2. Pull the thread as usual to distribute the fullness but distribute it all the way around and not just between the front and back notches.
28 years later, WHO CARES? records officially releases the 21 song demo on a 12" vinyl.
After subtly advocating for corporal punishment in schools, LZG says the following two things:
Hopefully, you’ll want to get in on the conversation too:
basically every project I am working on, I share with you here on my blog
Fans of Perfect Chemistry will be pleased to hear that the romance in Rules of Attraction is every bit as sizzling. Simone Elkeles understands that the best romantic pairings are a blend of love and lust, and there's plenty of both here. The scenes between Carlos and Kiara are electrically charged, and things get majorly heated between them. Since there are some quite risque moments I wouldn't recommend this one to younger teens - it's definitely one for the higher end of the YA audience. The dual narrative works spectacularly well, with Carlos's chapters utterly convincing as the voice of a macho teenage boy who has no intention of ending up as soft on a girl as his older brother is.
For my recently released historical romance, The Dangerous Duke, I kidnapped my characters and forced them to do promotional work for me. Lady Kate and Max have a blog: http://dangerousdiary.blogspot.com and they have appeared as guests on blogs such as Romance Bandits and Jennifer's Random Musings.
Cricket – Brian Lara
Mama bird, who I mentioned the other day, abandoned her nest. What happened? Did she get hit by oncoming traffic? Did she get lost? Spooked? She vanished so quickly, in the middle of the night, it seemed. When I went to investigate, I found four beautiful, defenseless, teal eggs. So there they sit, outside my window, a harsh reminder of how fleeting life can be.
Luke: No way. He's got this whole yellow fetish thing. It's really...well, we'll just say it's messy. I've never seen someone spring so many 'fluid leaks' when we're on Naboo with their stupid yellow fighters.
I've been busy doing some early cooking today....my oldest daughter has a softball game and I wanted a good dinner, not ball park food, and I knew that I wouldn't feel like cooking after the game, lol. So I'm cooking a pot of beans, some homebaked bread, and I made cupcakes for dessert.
Spencer Tunick (b. 1967) is an American artist. He is best known for his installations that feature large numbers of nude people posed in artistic formations. In his own words, ‘A body is a living entity. It represents life, freedom, sensuality, and it is a mechanism to carry out our thoughts. A body is always beautiful to me.’ These installations are often situated in urban locations throughout the world, although he has also done some woodland and beach installations and still does individuals and small groups occasionally. His models are unpaid volunteers who receive a limited edition photo as compensation.
All in all, Stupid Fast was not what I'd hoped it would be but once I got so far in, while I didn't love it, I was able to like it fairly well. This was not a great review quality wise, I'm aware of that. It has been a month and a half since I read Stupid Fast so this is just going on what I remember thinking about it. Also please note, though critical, my opinion of Stupid Fast is highly uncommon as I have noticed the hugest majority of people really enjoyed this story. So who knows, if it sounds like something you'd like based on the synopsis, I'd say give it a shot. I still found it a worthwhile read and believe that chances are you'll like it even better than I did.
and opening your heart and eyes to things
I have now imported all my finished chapters, etc., and have worked nearly non-stop on my novel over the weekend. What makes Scrivener my choice of software for writing is that it simply makes my job easier. Not to mention that loads of successful authors out there use it, too. Gone are the days where I would have several Word documents open, cutting and pasting scenes that were out of order. In Scrivener, you can save scenes into different files (making them very movable) and yet you can read them all together as if they were one and the same document. It is also incredibly easy and quick to shift between chapters - all done within a fraction of a second, rather than the seconds of "Opening Document.." moments in Word. It is difficult to describe it really. I guess it is the way the "Master Document" should work in Word, but doesn't. Another way to describe it would be: a more modern, slick and easier to use version of PageFour.
Well, I love bananas and I love walnuts, so puting them together in a cake sounded like a great idea to me and I already had some bananas and walnuts at home, so I inmediately decided to do it ^^
“Do you really want to know?” he asked again, just to be sure.
The Hefeweizen was a cloudy beer without carbonation. In the nose I felt banana and some sweetness. The banana was assertive in the mouth with some spices I could not pinpoint before a sweet finish. This was another good wheat beer.
He said that matching a list of phrases with equivalents from another language was still a difficult technical challenge. And though the service might work for a children’s social network, Mr Shuttleworth said: “I don’t know if such a list would cover all eventualities in an adult conversation.”
I guess it shouldn’t surprise me in the way geese fight, having inadvertently gotten too close to goose nests at times while paddling, I know that they use every available weapon they have to wage war on an intruder. They will slam into you, beat you with their wings, claw you with their feet, and bite you with their bill, which alone is enough to make you wish you had paid more attention in the first place.
Yeah, I don't think coddling is going to be a problem.
There are many online stores which offer attractive rates to install these kitchens of various shapes and sizes. Some of the branded companies which offer such kitchen models include Prestige, Godrej, Ornate and Faber.
***Update 05/02/2012: Today, as I prepared guacamole, I realized I made two mistakes when I typed up the recipe. I’ve made the following changes: 1) 4 tablespoons worth of finely diced red onion (about 2 slices thin). 2) Adjust lime/lemon juice amounts to taste. I found today I needed a whole lime for 2 avocado’s worth of guacamole (as per the recipe).
Traditional schooling, homeschooling, going to college and mainstream parenting are written about to death in magazines, columns, blogs and for the most part are celebrated and given a lot of status simply because that is what most people do. Unschooling, peaceful parenting and choosing non-traditional paths of learning and working need more exposure and I enjoy sharing how those choices have worked or are working for us.
It got me thinking, and I asked the nurse, "When I'm away, do I attack people or expose myself or do anything unpleasant like that?"
Thats all i could think of for now, so watch the announcement video below!
The nature of beer in the UK is changing, stronger beers are becoming more popular in that brewers are brewing more of them, consumers are drinking more of them so it seems wise to facilitate more ways of serving them. There are voices who see this as step towards making Britain more continental in style, cafe-bars, restaurants & craft beer houses serving smaller measures of artisan higher abv. beers that are better enjoyed in smaller quantities. I certainly see this as an opportunity to bring beer closer to the food industry giving scope to match beer in a more appropriate measure with food is an avenue that should be explored.
04. Untitled 2 (Studio Demo 81 XYZ)
Can ya dig it, my peeps? :) I think you can handle this one, and link up some AMAZING projects, and I'm rather excited to see what you'll do!
The police statement said the force was wrong to make the allegations.
Closer Together
(Oakland, CA) Betti Ono Gallery is pleased to present two shows in celebration of Women’s History Month, Art Is A Hammer by Favianna Rodriguez and Felt by Deirdre Baugh. Art Is A Hammer is Rodriguez’s first solo show of 2012 and features new and recent works which include large scale woodblock prints, paintings, digital media, and limited edition posters. The show also offers an exclusive pop-up design shop and marketplace showcasing books and merchandise by women-artists. Additionally, emerging painter Deirdre Baugh offers abstract works on canvas in her first Bay-area exhibit titled Felt. Both shows open Friday March 2, 2012, from 6:00 – 9:00 pm and will be on view through April 13, 2012. Betti Ono Gallery is open Wed- Saturday from 12-5pm and by appointment.
"alternative" scene. Even the most unleashed exponents of far-out noise overload-- Spacemen 3, Loop- remain hidebound by a hidden agenda of sonic strictures.
In conclusion my fellow pilgrims keep in mind the prayer of St. Thomas Aquinas:
Step 3 - While the glaze is still warm, use a fork to drizzle it over the cookies. As the glaze cools, it will harden. If the glaze hardens in the pan, simply return the pan to the stove top and warm the glaze while whisking. If needed, add a bit more water to thin the glaze back to the right consistency for drizzling.
I know this group of ladies through their writing, their openness to share struggles, and their willingness to share advice. I have always believed that the way we have gotten to know each other is the best. We have a picture of each others hearts and that is so important. I have a feeling that we will not be pulling out our measuring tapes or pointing out any of our downfalls, failings, or even measuring our accomplishments against each other. Instead, we will just be in fellowship, sharing, and encouraging each other. I can already see that there will be plenty of laughter!
So the next time something comes up when you're away from home or the office, or there's some news you'd like to share with someone, just stop up to one of those nearby telephones and call.
First, I want to introduce myself! My name is Darby. I'm a 23 year old mom. I met Erica (the mastermind behind Buzzin' Balms) on a baby due date board when we were both expecting and we became fast friends! When Erica started this little business, she was looking for ways to get her name out there. I have been blogging since I was about 12 and wanted to help my friend out in any way I could, so I offered my blogging/website services in exchange for product and within the next few days, I had a package of Buzzin' Balms & Body Essentials at my door!
But that doesn't quite fit the 10 Things requirement. Likewise, there are plenty of times it feels like I do about eleventy billion things in one hour, but posting a list that long is a good way to alienate my beloved, extremely attractive readers.
- What would you like to be when you grow up?
This is the link to the original article:
who had the most stars on
One of the Wildren was missing, Rel realised. Clearsight revealed one fewer than had been present in Van Raighan’s original Witnessing. But a Gift-Giver would never extort a human into stealing Stable Rods. Would they?
Now on to this week's challenge. We want to see your "Something Punched" creations. You can used punches, die cutting tools, etc. Anything punched out works for this one!
He blurs the camera-glass fixed on the street.
1/4 cup toasted chopped pecans
I also wanted to do a male look so Carth was perfect!
I think it’s safe to say that rhubarb crumble is good on the waistline as I had to hulk over 12lbs worth of plain flour, caster sugar, demarera sugar, icing sugar, self raising flour and god knows what else back from asda. I didn’t need everything but I wanted to make cupcakes too so I got a few extras. Hauling them was difficult so my boyfriend (Daniel) and I had to share the weight. This seems like a little bit of a workout to me!
Kylie Whitehead, of PFC Auctions, said: “We believe that this is the first piece of William and Kate’s wedding cake to appear at auction.
My very first usable source as a blogger worked in the Treasury. Now retired, this delightful and amusing former client from my advertising days said on one occasion, “Gordon sends down scribbles of diagrams and flow charts and rationales. We have a team working day and night to decipher them”. Brown and far too many like him equate complexity with intelligence. The near ubiquity of impenetrable things in the contemporary world demonstrates very clearly that they have this one completely arse about face.
Surprise, surprise:
Although it is not currently the law that foreigners owning land in Mexico are REQUIRED to have an FM3 or FM2, it is more than a good idea. And some trust banks make this a requirement. In reality, your property purchase and any additional investment you make in that property is an investment that may place you in an income making position here in Mexico, by value increases, and potential gains over your initial investment. The same can be said for obtaining a tax ID number. Consult a reputable Mexican accountant and a Notario and obtain the best tax advice from both, as well as when is the best time for you to apply for any tax registration here in Mexico.
Buy your own booze – Drinking cocktails and buying bottles of wine with dinner can jack up the bottom line in no time. By keeping your own supply tucked in a handy flask you can catch a buzz for a fraction of the price.
Olive Green
The conductor handed me back 250 bucks and a receipt that said 178 rupees for one article, three pieces of luggage. I looked at the receipt and then at him, he’d kept a 72 rupee tip for himself and I was in no mood to argue so I let it be. Thanks, I said. Keep the receipt safe, he replied, walking away. The cycle was safe in the hold of the bus, underneath the seats. We were pulling out of Panjim and I’d be back in Bangalore tomorrow morning.
Premier League Chief Executive Richard Scudamore added: "The Premier League's income distribution mechanism rewards sporting success in the League while also guaranteeing a significant amount of broadcast revenue to each club in order that they can plan from one season to the next.
So, Tony or Julia? Do I really have to choose? Isn’t there anyone else?
“This is the Mecca. We dream of coming on May 1 to celebrate with the Cubans, who are the light in the road for the rest of Latin America,” he said before joining the parading masses.
I found the movie entertaining and fun at times. As I am sort of a nerd I could easily identify with the problems the nerds faced in the movie and the way they went about dealing with them.
(That's Otis in the foreground, there--my son's pug; the two black lumps just visible behind me are Homer and JJ. Charlie--son's corgi--doesn't like to get on the couch, and a good thing, too; he's under it.)
Here is a picture of our banner...the theme was Go For the Gold. I must admit, not my finest work...and the theme was a little difficult to work with, but oh well.
Shirt: Mesh Tank – Pink- ::Michi YuU::- ( Kawaii Fair)
Categories include:
For us, Jesus’ fulfillment of the Sabbath doesn’t make Sabbath observance obsolete; rather, it infuses it with even richer meaning than the most devout OT believer had the privilege of understanding or experiencing (p. 70).
She then pounces on the hapless male and sucks out his innards until nothing remains but an empty husk. After kicking it contemptuously into the undergrowth, she sees the second suitor swagger up to her with a cocky expression on his face.
As time went by, and Cain’s (Khan’s) progeny continued performing acts of murder and miscegenation among the nations, the largest and most wicked empire in the history of the world gradually emerged in the East, giving birth to the mighty Mongol Empire spanning from Eastern Europe across Asia.
The season premier just needed to set up a few things, which it did. Hard to ask for much more than that.
Meanwhile, other states, the real and only beneficiaries of globalization, and the net exporters of immigrants, rather than importers, states Brazil, China and India boom and thrive at our expense.
If you see something marked suchly, please call us at 1.888.34.SOCKS or log into your account and contact us with the AS number and we'll let you know when it will be in by or when we can have it in by.
However at around 9pm, with the entire community now on high alert and in touch with each other through their community-policing forum radios and cellphones, a woman alerted a community security guard to the three men: she’d spotted them, hiding beneath a bush in a neighbour's backyard.
- Students from Gosford High School carve/re carve/ add to glyphs - rumour confirmed by Tom Walter* in 2004 and Elvina group* in 2010 after contact with members of the Gosford Historical Group
Bill “We can do it together” (Ben nods head)
BARACK: Um, what? (leaning back in disappointment) Damn, is this that stupid Scrooge crap all you white people love so much?
It's that time of year again kids which means your next installment of where does your body hurt. Today my back hurts due to the fact that I have been busting my ass at work like never before, as well as sitting in an uncomfortable position for hours and hours on end, at my house after work doing my other work. My stomach hurts, why I don't know exactly, could be the stress ulcers raging up again or it could be because I seem to have a bit of a bottom end bug that I may have caught from one of our beautiful chilluns... My knees hurts something fierce, probably from sitting down in that previously mentioned uncomfortable position for hours on end looking under a bright light and staring intently at the same things over and over again. My right thumb has a nasty blister on it from spending said hours and hours using small precision tools, its wearing a hole in my poor little finger. My jaw is fucking killing me from the two hours I spent in a dentists chair on Tuesday and the "sensitivity" the dentist was talking about has moved from annoying to mind altering spikes of insanity at times. My bottom lip hurts from being stretched for those two hours of intense drilling and filling on Tuesday, leading it to be chapped, dry and swollen.
Female teacher slapped
IN HIS OWN WORDS:
Casey tutted disapprovingly. “Suit yourself,” she whispered closing the bedroom door behind her.
And the Corazón Classic Match 2012 will take place at the Bernabéu on June 3, pitting a team of Real Madrid veterans against a team of Manchester United veterans. Proceeds will go towards the Proyecto África, to develop social-sporting schools in Africa. The match will be presented on Thursday, but it has already been announced that the likes of Zidane, Figo, Hierro, Redondo, El Moro, Helguera, El Buitre and Martín Vázquez will be suiting up for Madrid’s side! If only Becks could come…
Venture further and discover the various waterfalls in the forest. Man-made they may be, but still pretty and a welcome sight.
It looked pretty great! Gotta love an easy no sew project that also creates storage!
*thinks of the journals that have to be burned before my death so that any relatives don’t get any ideas about saving them for posterity*
That I would be back the next day..........
I helped get both feet out. Then a head in the right direction.
screenshot at 1020pm CDT 4/30/2012:
Within our first three months of having the foster children we really received a baptism of fire into the world of learning to manage an asthmatic with suspected chronic lung disease.
Father, I praise you today for your sovereign hand in our lives, even though I may not be able to see it. I pray that you give us wisdom to know what is right for us. Help us to know what we should be learning from our current circumstance. I pray that Christi can either be gotten out of this situation (with something better), or that the situation would drastically change. Something needs to happen. In the meantime, give us patience to wait while we depend on you for strength. Whatever the case, I pray that you lay your hand on Christi this morning and give her whatever she needs to get through this day. Give her strength for this day only, and no worries about what tomorrow may bring.
Recommended for those looking for a serious, brilliantly acted human drama about the bond between a lonely woman and the child she comes to care for as her own.
In a small heavy saucepan, whisk the flour and sugar together. In another small heavy saucepan, bring the milk to a gentle simmer. Slowly add the hot milk to the flour mixture, whisking until smooth. Place over medium heat and stir until the mixture simmers and thickens. Stir in the butter, then the egg yolks, one at a time, and then the Grand Marnier. Allow the mixture to cool.
35. It was like so, but wasn't. —Richard Powers, Galatea 2.2 (1995)
Using paper sculptures, the author & illustrator take you on a cross-country journey through streams, rivers, and oceans, on a wildlife-watching adventure.
There is a difference one might note, between celebrating one’s heritage, and using one’s heritage as a means to separate oneself from society as a whole – and that occurs through the auspices of Federal and State Governments – we are, as a nation, categorized – and have been for years – minority groups are categorized for funding, to define demographics, and yet, the information and the funding apparently have done nothing more than to exacerbate this growing trend of separatism that festers violence and suspicion against one another.
According to Khumalo, the Committee’s research had concluded that traditional education was too focussed on equipping students for productive, professional careers.
If unaware, note how Rogers ex-wife is played by his actual real life wife, so it was a nice return for her. Mad men is great still. We are half way through the season already.
The latest information publicised from the police suggests there are thousands of people affected. Was Mr Coulson saying what he believed the position was at the time, or was he stating his understanding as at December 2010? Here again ambiguity of questioning can make it impossible to establish perjury.
Steward, let the soil rest when the sowing is done,
K: Searching
game gratis
Speaking of, tasting party on Saturday for my 30th. I'll be sure to report on it. It's titled "30 Beers for 30 Years". Should be a good time. Both Beer Geeks and non-geeks will be in attendance, so the beer list is vast, some gems, some BMC, and a lot in between. Food, folks, and fermented wort. does it get any better?
This has been a lame month of posting. The new blogger format sucks and it’s taken five attempts to post this entry. Also too much work. Let's sum up the rest of April of '73 in the music world. On April 21 a new song took over Number One in both the US and the UK. "Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Old Oak Tree" was a huge hit for Tony Orlando and Dawn. On the 26th, Elton John started his own record company, Rocket Records. He was still under contract on both sides of the pond so he wouldn't be able to record for it until '76. On the 29th rising star John Denver began a weekly show on BBC television.
Jingly, tinkling ice cream truck
normalcy
I must say that I’m truly blessed to have such an amazing daughter! She is funny, intelligent, outgoing, playfully shy, insightful, caring, nurturing and every other positive adjective out there! I would like to take some credit for helping mold her into the woman she will become. She’s an all-round girl – she’s a gymnast who loves reading, math and science and is very artsy-fartsy. She loves to draw and color and aspires to become an illustrator. She said she would also like to be a fashion model and actress, but that she wants to make a living by being a children’s book illustrator. I’m looking forward to seeing her continually evolve into a beautiful, intelligent, caring woman!
That's it exactly: like-minded. Meaning people who have the same interests (in my case, for instance, it could be hand-stitching) I do. Not middle-aged white women from Texas. Not White Women Married to Black Men (did you know there is at least one magazine published for just such women, and there used to be (and I assume still are) clubs and social groups, as if being in an interracial relationship is grounds for a friendship, never mind that the other couple might be rabid Nascar fans with a penchant for hunting small animals? Like there's something else we would have in common that would make us want to bond. Maybe there might be, but the chances are no greater than they would be for any two random people unless there's some odd genetic/biological/mitochondrial/sub-atomic tie-in between my having met and fallen in love with The EGE and my penchant for sewing things by hand.)
Will probably not post again until next week. I have a busy week ahead and a 3 day crop I will be attending this weekend to celebrate National Scrapbooking Day. But this is not a day but 3 days. Can't wait.
If we adopt the above passage to the current situation is South Africa, this is what we get - in short:
Have a good Monday.
The job is only a year's secondment, and still within the public sector where the shadow of cuts and redundancy loom large, but it's a better bet than staying where he is, so we hope the job will be made permanent after a year. He's just got to dazzle them - no pressure!
Zebra stars shine on thee
Final Grade: A
An exhibit in New York. I thought I knew who I was. A desert
As you breathe-out, envision Jacqueline looking vibrant and well
I took the whole batch to the party and came home with the empty platter. A young man had 3 of them instantly. My husband was sad because there was no leftover.
6. Ginger-garlic paste, ½ teaspoon, (optional).
Till Lindemann - Vocals
The way I have chosen to feel the last couple of days have made me act in a way I’m not entirely satisfied with. I know I am pretty much always coming on too strong and being too eager whenever there is someone or something I really like. Often this approach is not the best one. I’d say it is mostly or even always wrong and not only in the long run.
It's something I've been aware of in the 22 years since I've moved to the States but something that still somewhat bemuses me. Why would you want to pay money to saunter through other people's houses? (BTW, as someone who's always on the lookout for ways to raise money, I'm not knocking it.)
1 manipulating
Thus, the stories of such a deity have not yet been written–so, if one is interested in pursuing such a notion, the place to look is not in ancient history or religion or mythology, but in one’s own spiritual life and creativity and by the prompting of one’s own artistic Muses. This should be understood as an active encouragement to pursue such notions, not something over which to lament–if you don’t like such a lack, then fill it! Art and myth hate a vacuum as much as nature abhors it!
By using innovative technologies that integrate information assets and business processes, retailer will improve service levels at relatively low cost.
Distress inks : Dusty Concord, Victorian Velvet, Peeled Paint
Today I am thrilled. We are having this baby which is everything we have dreamed of for the past 30 months. We are going to be parents, and damn – we are going to be good ones!
A funny, enlightening, clear-eyed look at advertising and marketing. Pleasantly didactic and cheerfully challenging of the fables and fantasies that pass for advertising principles.
Rosemarie C. Carlson, 40, New York, N.Y.
Women are demanding attention. Sure a womans looks are eye catching, but now those looks are speaking about her capabilities as well.
I'll write posts about 4 things that I found profound encouragement in and that I think Rob has done some significant work in. While no one should learn everything from any one person, and there are things I shouldn't learn from Rob just like there are things no one should learn from me, it is my experience that the wise learn lessons from all kinds of places along the way and in particular, seek out counsel from those who do certain things well. In this case, the following are 4 areas I found worth learning from Rob and his life to date:
there ya go. those are the players.
Most people think of artistic ability when we think of the word creativity. But the root word create can be applied to so many things just like creativity.
a joint venture between these and other businesses and is sorely needed in that downtown area.
I rolled the edges of the paper and added embellishments that have connection to the dress and to the program music. Their music was a collection of bicycle songs including "Bicycle built for two" and Queen's "Bicycle race" The swirls on the dress are not black but dark purple. I added few daisies to match the daisies on the dress and a small bicycle tag to remind Lila about the music.
"What's wrong with a peck on the cheek?" I hear you ask. Not a lot, unless you have herpes. However, the song is actually referencing something far more seedy and sinister. You see, a "side of sugar" is a sexual act in which you roll your testicles around in the sugar jar, then dangle them over a dog. And if that wasn't the original intention of the song, it certainly was by the time Christina Aguilera covered it.
next the cross bars on the back were spray painted with the krylon brilliant silver
The only thing that did bother me a little bit was that I thought the swear words were a little bit excessive for my taste but again, I kept reading. I did appreciate how the author always showed the adults trying to curb the kids from swearing.
23 B-3. The Artist as Thinker: From Shakespeare to Joyce (Athens, Ohio: Swallow Press/ Ohio University Press, 1983), pp. i-xv, 1-499. (Sources: Items D-III/3/1975, D-I/19/1973, D-V/20/1978, D-IV/2/1978, D-III/2/1978, D-I/21/1971, D-XII/4/1969, D-V/14/1977, D-XII/12/1975, D-VI/12/1976, D-III/2/1978, D-I/17/1975, D-V/17/1975, D-X/31/1976, D-XI/9/1975, D-XI/12/1977, D-V/10/1977, C-1974(14), D-XI/22/1976, D-VI/19/1974, D-X/22/1978, C-1973(4), D-VI/13/1981, D-IX/27/1976, D-XI/19/1971, and D-X/12/1975, below. See, also, Items C-1978(1), C-1979(1), C-1990(1), C-1990(2), and C-1991(6), below.) At p. v, the last line of the dedicatory poem should be placed in parentheses and should read, (He is a god, and handsomer than him.)
Nominated, César Awards 2001 – Best Supporting Actor (Alain Chabat)
More people are going to enjoy The Woman than they did Offspring, for The Woman is technically a good film. The story is a lot more original and more memorable, the acting is all around better and the film's villains don't look stupid. That said, those who don't like The Woman are going to be a lot more vocal about why they don't like The Woman than those who don't like Offspring. Case in point: this review and that one guy you saw on Youtube who got angry at a screening.
1 tsp vinegar
Maybe Thomas Bewick, that wild boy who mis-spent his youth fishing on the banks of the Tyne, created the first "cross-over" book?
No. Amber closed her eyes, battling the compulsion to leave, and then looked back into the silver-haired man’s eyes.
Toss together shredded potatoes, chilli, rosemary leaves, garlic, vinegar and sea salt.
Way cool, right? Thanks, Sara! Let us know your plans to rock!
Freewheel’s post concludes with a determined “This isn’t over!” It is so not over. We will uncover the secrets of successful cupcake commuting. We have to, for science. Who’s with us?
I then made a move into animation within the computer games industry before becoming a freelance sculptor.
Throughout the film, her style is evident and is practically a character on its own; she seems to have been very much a woman of simplicity and a great believer that reserve is the best aphrodisiac (“A woman is closest to being naked when she is well-dressed.”)
I’m sure the stroke that killed her was caused by some combination of long-time smoking (though she’d recently quit), a multitude of prescription medications for various ailments (any more on this will only be a rant about what is wrong with health care in America), lack of movement, and a profound sadness.
HECTIC.
Keller says that ”Self-centeredness is a havoc-wreaking problem in many marriages, and it is the ever-present enemy of every marriage” (56). This self-centeredness is prevalent even in Christian ministries and marriage materials.
3 garlic cloves, chopped
song, I like to feel I'm a man, not physically but in the areas they
Here's a final look at the first three of my bookmarks/tags.
It feeds no one; aurum, soft, untarnishable; slakes
Sancho Panza
Other people will give a range of responses when asked (by a friend or close colleague) how they felt about their own talk, depending on their perception of how the audience was responding. You can give very similar talks to two different audiences, and in one you feel like you totally rock, and in the other you feel like your talk fell flat. And sometimes you don't really know and just have a general sense that the talk went pretty well, but you don't really know.
How does sound healing work you wander, it is all about the brains wiring and frequencies which cause your mind to go into different states of awareness, these states are as follows:
The easy part to see is the butterfly. This is a stamp from Lockhart Stamp Co. stamped onto Neenah Classic Crest cardstock with Tsukineko Memento Tuxedo Black ink. I can't remember what colors I used, except I know the purple is BV04.
If you'd like to send a gift, please send it to this address:
So I would say I have moderately dry skin and this foundation suits it, in my opinion.
"If they tell you you're too big for a woman, tell them
When I first saw PTA's Boogie Nights, back on video sometime around 1998 (no, I did not see it in theaters at the time of its release for some reason or another), I hated it. Really, I just hated the damn thing. Could not have been less impressed. Granted, it was my first taste of the auteur Anderson (his first film, Hard Eight, would actually not be sen until just this past year), long before Magnolia, Punch Drunk Love and There Will Be Blood (the latter being one of the five best films of the last decade), and well before I would herald him as one of the best directors working in cinema today (if you do not believe me, just read this). But anyway, I digress.
Since we had some snow on Friday, there hasn't been any yard sales yet this year for us. I've been stopping by the Goodwill a couple of times a week but nothing there seems to be jumping in my cart.
- 1.5 kg whole chicken
My friend Hyerin called me.
Speaking of something missing, what happened to the blood? So much of the novel focuses on cruelty and sheer violence. The violence of the games is missing, the blood is not there. That’s what made Katniss’ final moments with the berries so desperate and poignant. The move in the novel didn’t feel quite so calculated.
I really worked on the shadows on her, and tried to have a little shadow on her sleeve where he face is, and on her back leg where the other one is shading it. I can say shadows are where I need to work on. I can get shading well sometimes, but the shadows are a little harder for me to picture - so I started with little ones in this. Looking at it, I could have done some on her boots. Oh well...too late now.
Last week was my worst week for numbers of readers. Also, it was the first time my blog went a day with zero readers. When building a blog I think momentum is important, but you can rip the momentum away from your blog by not posting anything new.
A representative of Tapena Wines invited a couple local bloggers to try some of their wines over lunch at Kika Tapas in Cambridge. Kika Tapas, which opened last December, is owned by the proprietors of Dali, one of my favorite Spanish restaurants. So, I certainly had high expectations for this restaurant. And overall, my expectations were met and I would recommend that my readers check it out.
I read mysteries (Hardy Boys, Encyclopedia Brown, Alfred Hitchcock and the Three Investigators) as a child. I started developing my creativity with writing short skits for my sister and me to perform. I wrote a few short mystery stories featuring a Quad Cities detective but didn’t start seriously writing until at my first job out of college. I found I had a lot of free time so I would write. When I moved to Oskaloosa I decided I really wanted to create something to submit to publishers. Not knowing how to go about it, I just began the way I thought best and learned from others throughout the years.
I'm not debating on how we should change social media practices or how we could change brand management. I don't believe that many people in social media or in brand management on behalf a commercial brand cares about the human psyche and mental health. For most brands in social media, they are only interested in their bottom line. On the other hand, this post offers a different perspective on online trolling and impression management.
A small white metal table tucked right up next to one of the bunkbeds takes up minimal space, but still give the kids a spot to do a little homework or color in a coloring book.
1. In a small saucepan, melt together the chocolate chips, corn syrup, and butter over low heat. Once melted, stir and allow to cool slightly before using.
Romney has a solid chance to turn the economy around. He has business savvy and economic sense. When he became Governor of Taxachussetts, he closed a 3 BILLION dollar budget gap without raising taxes and the state ended up with a budget surplus. The healthcare law that is called Romneycare was a private, market-based reform that ensures every Massachusetts citizen will have health insurance, without a government takeover and without raising taxes (unlike Obamacare). When he took the helm of the organizing committee to put together the Olympics in Salt Lake, he erased a $379 million operating deficit, organized 23,000 volunteers, galvanized community spirit and oversaw an unprecedented security mobilization just months after September 11th, leading to one of the most successful Olympics in our country’s history. Unlike Obama, he's had real jobs, created real jobs, and turned real profits, instead of being a paid agitator for a political party.
1 OHIM doesn't dig Digi- marks
Mix topping ingredients and set aside. Whisk dry ingredients together. Whisk egg with other wet ingredients, add to dry ingredients, and whisk to combine well. Fill a donut skillet, cast-iron pan, or dutch oven with oil and heat (click HERE to find the cast iron donut pan I used). When oil reaches around 350 to 360 F, drop batter into the oil. The batter will spread and puff up. When the underside browns, flip. In another 30 to 45 seconds, it will be ready to remove. Be sure enjoy them ASAP, as they will lose their crisp if they sit too long. Sprinkle with Truvia and nutmeg.
Sobe blush - Enchanted (applied to cheek bones and blending back toward the hair line)
What i want to accomplish this weekend:
Castor's wife's loom had broken. She showed him where. He examined shattered bits of wood, turned them over in his paws, considering. He shook his head.
P.S. If I have time, maybe I'll do something a little more scientific. But first, I should finish my sewing.
So, Barcelona can acquire Ibrahimovitch for the measly sum of £40million PLUS Samuel Eto’o AND the loan of Hleb and they are not killing football with their ostentatious displays of wealth. Real Madrid can stump up £56million for Kaka and £80million for the show pony and everything’s fine. Business as usual, no need to panic, the activities of clubs with a God-given right to pay mega-bucks won’t distort the market at all. It’s only when Johnny-come-latelys like Manchester City spend a few quid that the ire of FIFA, EUFA and Sir Alex is collectively aroused. We’re a small club with a small mentality apparently, well according to Fergie that is. I guess that’s why he’s upset at us spending big, although I can’t remember him having a go at big spenders when it was him and Liverpool etc doing the big spending.
I didn’t think that they had Nimby's in rural France.
My son (Chase - 11) has obviously been given the gift of anger and attitude from his father (the ex). He can be the sweetest and most loving little boy you've ever met in your life. He tends to be a tad overly sensitive at times (another gift from dad), but we're trying to break him of that. Chase has a hard time understanding that he has to suffer consequences when he messes up and has to accept responsibility for his actions also. His mouth tends to write checks his rear can't cash, so to speak. LOL Him and my husband clash in a very very big way. For that matter, Chase clashes with a lot of people, but he's my "only" little boy. : )
-If only _________, then I would be happy.
Time is of no consequence.
She added in mitigation that Puay was young when he committed the offence but that is no excuse.
This is about you, by you, and for you and you alone. I said the process was simple but I never said it would be easy. It may be the most difficult, painful experience of your life.
So a long story short, we went to a doctor visit on December 26 just to check that she was indeed gaining weight and that everything else was going well. Well we go to the visit and her weight gain was perfect, better than anticipated! They were so happy, and we were so happy too because we had been basically feeding her for 48 hours straight, like a bunch of crazy people:)
I started reading Suzanne Collins’ The Hunger Games on a random Thursday afternoon. Four days later, I finished Mockingjay.
Juggling was a sideline for us. We would have loved to do it full time, but my father wisely chose the security of a regular daytime job. His career was as an accountant for an industrial contractor. And though he juggled books for a regular paycheck, his true passion was juggling objects.
friends to come along with ya,
3. I watched State play for the first time on Saturday and I don’t know how much Raycom Lincoln Financial Sports’ equipment had to do with it but there’s way too much white on the field at State.
During that lazy California summer I realized there were more important things than running with the pack. That was a big step for a 12 year old boy. I think I understood compassion for the first time in the darkness under that starry night sky. It was the first time I started to become an individual and think for myself. After that week in the woods, I saw the world a little differently. I still do.
Yes, this is the story of ol’ Herman Cain
To keep a wrap on Mr. Obama’s travels, the White House resorted to some legerdemain, putting out a schedule for Tuesday that said the president would take part in an Oval Office meeting with advisers in the morning, then meet there with Mr. Biden and Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta on Tuesday afternoon.
Unless Calvin, I need to change things in my life. So I made 2012 NY Resolutions but only the good ones: realistic, well-thought-out, just perfect. To stay motivated, I will sit down every first day of every 2012-month and study their realisation…
17. Vegan, Virgin, Valentine Carolyn Mackler
Rick Jones, Hulk’s only friend reads this news and realizes two things: One, if the hulk is innocent he will need help. Two, if the Hulk is guilty then no branch of the military could stop him. It would take something more powerful then the Hulk to do that. In order to insure both possibilities, he sends a message to the Fantastic Four. Loki knows that the Fantastic Four would only ruin his plans, so he jams the signal and deflects it to Donald Blake. Loki is overjoyed as he sees Blake transform into Thor.
The many and tedious fight sequences were confused blurs of slash and kill, with no tension, suspense or finesse. The ?priest/rabble-rouser on Argos seemed to have wandered in from the set of The Life of Brian, cockney accent and all.
Do you love a farmhouse sink? Or do you not see the appeal? I love the way they draw attention and make a sink a standout feature in a room. Copper, porcelain, fireclay, slate. No matter the material, I think farmhouse (also called apron) sinks are beautiful. Need some persuading?
A child is not a computer. He is not programmable. You don't have to set routines and stick with them. Your child will let you know if what you are doing is working. Being consistent is only good if you are consistently good. Consistently listen to your child.
“We really don’t have any of the streaming services. There are some which have a lot of Bollywood content, that’s about it.”
James Clark is a master at multitasking. Before becoming a Silicon Valley giant, he was known as a man who pursued his ambitions through every possible opportunity he could take.
In other news, we've both succumbed to the reading glasses needing to be nearby all the time. I brought home a cord for me and Serge jumped on that so fast that I had to go buy another one for myself. Now we look like old men with our reading glasses hanging from our necks. This was one of the defining memories of the fabulous Europe trip. I finally gave in and had to use my glasses all the time. I kept declaring, "They've made all the maps smaller with finer print! How are we supposed to read this thing?" Then put on the glasses and all was miraculously well.
I don’t ask for much, but I would like to date someone who’s not too many fries short of a Happy Meal.
Endings and Beginnings
March 3, 2012: The ANC-regime’s ongoing criminalisation of the Afrikaners continues. This time it was decided to carry out an armed police-raid against the Afrikaans-medium High School in the working-class town of Boksburg: and while the SAPS'only found some cigarettes', they said they ‘dealt with’ these children… Representatives from the provinice's 'Community Safety Dept' also were on hand while the personal belongings of 350 children were searched.
Mike Oldfield: Tears of an Angel
“There is no [criminal] malware whatsoever that would affect a non-jailbroken iPhone. The fact is, when you jailbreak a device, you disable some very key security mechanisms.” While security researcher Charlie Miller did manage to bypass Apple security and get an app into the official App Store which exploited a security flaw, Apple has now fixed this vulnerability.
We are so excited we've decided to give a couple packs away. So gives us a comment...tell us what you think and we will pick a couple winners!
Vinay Patel, Senior Vice President of Operations & Sales for the Charlotte based SREE Hotels, is a successful owner of properties in North Carolina, South Carolina, Washington, DC and other states. Several of his properties in the Charlotte region received delegation placements. Patel says “Our properties in the Concord and Airport area were strategically selected for delegations based on their proximity to the large full-service hotels like Embassy Suites and Great Wolf Lodge with substantial capacity for meeting and reception space. Patel adds, “The Courtyard Marriott and Residence Inn properties in Huntersville are still under contract with the DNCC. Over the next several weeks we anticipate additional placements, such as the thousands of security, media, speakers, and groups the Committee will house.”
The large emptiness continues to scratch me
Both are doing well.
Day 2 was the long planned for, eagerly anticipated ride from Bewdley to Ironbridge via our first brewery at Cleobury Mortimer. To say that it rained that day would be like saying the Sahara Desert has some sand in it. We packed up the tents (in the rain) and enjoyed a hot breakfast (in the rain) at the rather pleasant Hopley’s campsite before jumping on the bikes (in the rain) and heading off for the short 7.5 miles (in the rain) to Hobson’s Brewery in Cleobury Mortimer.
Paterno was given information, however vague it was, that one of his coaches that he worked with on a daily basis, was having a possibly inappropriate relationship with a child. It is not a matter of semantics in this situation.It does not matter whether Paterno was told the kids were “fooling around” or if he was told directly that Sandusky was raping the boy.
Texas parents in outrage over teacher being fired for her sexuality. As conservative as Texas has known to be don’t confuse conservative with being close minded. Texas has been known to have many conservatives rallying to support gays over certain things. One of them is recently due to the firing of a teacher that they believe was fired for being gay. The school claims it was over performance issues, but after her replacement turned out to be much worse the parents and students got together in protest.
what is your jewelry style/lustings? now i shall go to sleep dreaming of chains, engraving designs, and chevron patterns...
First of all, the difference between my 2 pregnancies and deliveries was like night and day. And I’m not just referring to the fact that one was born in a dark, dark room, and the other with the sun shining and the lights on.
In the entry hall, Muffy tells the group that the property won't belong to her until she turns 21. The invitees waste no time settling in, making cracks about Muffy's money, her decorating style, and so on. Nice friends.
The words and music of John Cage were about transforming conventional perceptions and overcoming repressive structures. He was optimistic in that he believed that humans have a tendency towards good but the essential caveat to this is that progress towards a Utopian society is only possible when we rely on our individual intelligence and not on politicians or lawyers.
This is how the scene will play out: Enter bank, stand in line...wait...wait...wait, ah it´s our turn.
I LOVE the color and oh my gah, I LOVED this paint! It went on like butter. I used a paint brush for the whole thing – not one roller. I’ve never ever done that to paint, well, pretty much anything.
it takes place in an era I remember and a town I could have grown up in
rollei rbm emulsion on japanese washi paper
Discovered Authors (now Callio Press) is a UK publisher and provider of author solutions services since 2005. I have been aware of them for the past three to four years. The company was one of the earliest UK author solution services I took a look at, but consistently, I have had to put off reviewing them for a number of reasons I will touch upon later. At a certain point, when I review a publisher or author solutions service, I have to decide when it is an appropriate time to go live with it. For this particular review—it is now or never.
Authorities are generally reluctant to free prisoners without knowing who we are. For this tactic to be effective, protestors should not carry identification to the action. For this reason, it needs to be coordinated ahead of time. This tactic also greatly interferes with the smooth running of the jail system, and is a tactic generally hated by the authorities. It can be a powerful bargaining point in solidarity negotiations.
Three years ago when the City was locked in a make-or-break battle with the Province over the unconstitutional Erasmus Commission, Professor Pierre de Vos took me to task for saying: "some judges allow themselves to be used and, unfortunately, (Judge) Nathan Erasmus is one of them." Today, I repeat that in relation to the SA Human Rights Commission: Some Chapter Nine institutions allow themselves to be abused and, unfortunately, the SA Human Rights Commission is one of them.
“We as individuals who do not experience an incongruence between our minds and bodies take for granted how easy life is,” Leibowitz added. “You just need to meet one child and one family to see how this impacts their lives.”
Seriously funny. Someone I used to know had (in his youth) occasional long dry spells during which female charms were conspicuously absent. In other words, he couldn’t get a leg over. To address this issue, my friend went and bought a series of cucumbers, which he hollowed out and used as receptacles for his pent-up passion. This all worked just fine..until –
The course, for over-19s with disabilities or severe or moderate learning difficulties, has been free of charge until now.
The communications show a three-way conversation between bin Laden, his then deputy Ayman Zawahiri and Omar, who is believed to have been in Pakistan since fleeing Afghanistan after the collapse of his regime in 2001.
I always encourage my students to talk to me and share their yoga experiences, and, last week, two of them did share some really interesting information.
Classes resumed after the audition. JB is slowly making his move towards Hae Sung by attending her classes. Yoo Jin won’t simply allow it, so he threw a chalk(?) at JB asking him to kneel down as a loser. After all the bickering what Yoo Jin could do is simply stare angrily while JB enjoys holding the mirror for Hae Sung. Heh. Dude, why don’t you do something other than just be a jellyfish! It breaks my heart to see more of this, so Yoo Jin, FIGHTING!
HH1 Buster Posey
My Faithful Readers it is entirely possibly my life could be in danger at this very moment.
~ Sunrises. Although I have been known to complain a bit (a-hem) about my children's early-rising tendencies, I get to see the most amazing sunrises over the mountains. I have always loved sunrises more than sunsets for some reason, and at this point in my life, I get to experience them on an almost daily basis.
Slowly little Gursel pulled away from death’s door but something was still wrong with him. He was still so uncomfortable after feedings. One day Ayshe looked at the formula in the bottle she was giving him. “I wonder if he has an allergy to this.” She brought that up with Dr. Sinan who agreed that this could, in fact, be part of the boy’s problem. When the formula was changed to reflect this theory, Gursel’s response was so obviously different that one could only wonder about the years he’d suffered from gas and nausea but hadn’t been able to tell anyone.
The projected trends overall in the retail sector and around calendar events for 2012 are very consistent in the 5-8% increase range. As an entrepreneur and business owner in the retail sector, tune in and analyze some of these trends in the retail industry.
Olivia was very happy to hear that I’d actually held St. Peregrine’s relic. “Touch me,” she insisted before I left.
