Like a fairy tale~!^^;; our melody & lyrics are so honest & pure. (I really like Peter Pan~!!) We are not the same age(18~28^^;;), but we all look like same age children.
As I age and continue to learn, the aggravation factor of those ads has become much more pronounced than any imaginary benefit such advertising purports to offer me. But we have become resigned to obnoxious marketing. Marketers have browbeat us with obnoxious marketing for so long that people are starting to believe they are supposed to like it.
Reset’s debut, No Worries (1996), was a local punk rock hit, and province wide for that matter! The first track, “Everyday” is the one of note now.
The Burwood Inn
....Drum roll please,
absent from tired years, exhausted hours.
Because even when you are about to jump out of a plane, you better buckle your seat belt. Safety is key.
He is being staged...they haven't determined how long he has...but it has been diagnosed as esophagile cancer. We have been told that it's one of the most aggressive types.
I have learnt from Reverse Therapy that addressing things like my fears above help alleviate symptoms. So I'm hoping this post & later a post on Facebook will help put aside some of my fear & educate my friends & family so there won't be a repeat situation! I want to be able to share with my friends & family the things I am doing not have to watch every word I say or type.
"Duke City Debut"
“A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.”
And finally...
We didn't need to stain after all. The Benite (wood conditioner) worked wonders! From Daly's in Bellevue.
Jeri sold a few comics which was nice, and we got to see everyone's work. It was really neat :D each staff member had 5x8' of wall space to post our outwork however we wanted.
A good friend of mine was reading my blog today and she said that I sounded frustrated, that was not what I was going for in the blog post, but I guess your true colors come out one way or another when you are writing. Also I probably say a whole slue of things that only frustrated people say.
Then he mused: “I wonder if he could audition?… I guess they couldn’t show that on… Maybe network TV is… I was watching The Voice and that judge Blake said Kiss my ass! and they put that on NBC. Remember when they wouldn’t even less me even say Ass on radio?”
Thus, the occupation and use of Tahrir Square as a stage for protest can be seen as important for a number of reasons. Firstly, logistically, because Tahrir Square offers an open public space that is surrounded by a mix of political, cultural, international and academic buildings, it logistically provides an ideal stage for revolution; a place where the protestors can gather and be seen and heard by relevant audiences. Secondly, the symbolic act of reclaiming a space with a long history of civic struggle and physically taking it back for the people by mass occupation is a powerful gesture. With the landscape surrounding Tahrir as the background to their revolution, protestors dare to imagine a future Egypt of their own and a city that belongs to them.
To overcome this it’s important to reflect back on the days that you were making progress and realise that this feeling of “a wall” need only be temporary and is an indication you have been moving in the right direction (if your were not ‘moving’ you wouldn’t of ran into it). Reflect on why you are doing what your doing and look ahead to what you are going to do next to take another step forward.
Maibock release at 6:30 PM
Now, during the month of March, which was nearly 2 months ago, I had several workout challenges going on in March—abs, jumping jacks and Jillian Michaels—all of which were to assist me in my never-ending weight-loss battle. Each challenge grew progressively harder as the month continued, partially due to the fact that I was doing all three at the same time. Maybe that wasn’t the brightest idea, but everything is 20/20 in hindsight.
One may have logged onto the website to pray for outstanding prayer requests. Lord, thank You for answering each prayer request according to Your perfect will, in Jesus’ name. Amen.
Sahlins, Marshall “The Original Affluent Society”
Together we WILL find ways/solutions to this detrimental issue!!
His wife Jacobi van den Bosch-Griep, 60, was stabbed to death inside their homestead. Their son-in-law T Schinkel who lives in nearby Randburg, found the murdered couple. The only thing missing, police said, was each of the couple’s cellphones.
I tried to watch the new Allan Ball series on HBO, "True Blood." I gave it three episodes, and then I said, "Screw this crap." I had real hopes for it since I loved "Six Feet Under" and "American Beauty" so much. However, the best thing about "True Blood" are the opening credits. Seriously: The accents, acting, and writing are SO bad that even sexy blood suckers couldn't keep me interested.
What I do find a major point is that it cost $80,000. Are you insane? Look at it.
Dogfish Head Chateau Jiahu
(May 1, 2012) The Supreme Court of Ohio ruled today that a union representing some employees of the Cuyahoga County Sanitary Engineering Division did not have standing to pursue a “taxpayer” lawsuit challenging the exclusion of division employees from an early retirement plan offered to other county employees. The court also held that a separate declaratory judgment action on behalf of the excluded employees should have been dismissed because the workers did not exhaust available administrative remedies before filing suit against the county.
and I bloody loved it.
as we see
- Your parents are morons and you mumble under your breath that everyone is an “idiot” which doesn’t matter because your mom is one too and she wont notice.
Poem of the Day: He Wishes for the Cloths of Heaven by William Butler Yeats
This 12” vinyl release marks the first of a series of EPs from the band due for release in 2012, a year which will also see Michael A Grammar take to the road. “Instead of the layered sound on the EP, our live set is heavier and wilder,” say the band, who interpret the synths and atmospheric electronics of their recorded sound with live guitars, drums and bass. They also employ visuals by friends Tom Stoke and Luca George, who supply Vitamin Easy’s stunning graphic artwork.”
And so it went on all day :) I hope you enjoyed your April Fool's Day.
it's Monday?! already?! - i'm still in a haze - i vote 3 day weekends for all!!!
Now, not being a native Clevelander, when I moved here I did not realize that I was supposed to be intimidated by the territory on the other side of the river, so even though I live on the West Side, I cross the river – twice daily Monday thru Friday at a minimum to go to work in Beachwood, as a matter of fact.
I think Mephiskapheles may have been one of the first 3rd wave ska bands to have a video on MTV for the song 'Doomsday'. What was that whole experience like?
8. make a short film… or a long film… or a medium film- about anything really… I would probably need a camera for this…. Note to self: this idea is flawed!
Right now I have no way of knowing how long this particular passion will remain a part of our lives. It's possible that this time next year I will be spending a great deal of time in LA getting a lot of crocheting done while accompanying my child actor. That's so far out of my comfort zone, and outside of my knowledge base, that I can only trust that I will learn what I need to know as we go along and that I will handle each new experience with grace. On the other hand, next summer may find our family following a brand new set of passions that are completely unexpected and unknown at this moment.
FACT EIGHT: The people who make me laugh most include Michael MacIntyre, Steve Martin, Miranda Hart, Reginald D Hunter and David Mitchell.
In Nazi Literature in the Americas Roberto Bolaño - an Chilean writer who sadly died aged fifty in 2003 - has provided the perfect literary companion. It’s an exhaustive collection of pocket obituaries of all the major and many of the minor poets, writers and novelists whose political conservatism took them to the extreme right, who became Nazis or fellow travellers, all of whom were born in the Americas. It’s such a pity we do not have a European equivalent.
Yesterday May was holding Xander after his feeding time, and she watched his heart rate drop from the normal levels of 145 or so down to under 100. The alarm went off and his heart rate continued to plummet, she said, to about 70. I think this is called brachycardia or bradycardia. May said she patted Xander on the back for a second and he kind of moved a little bit and his heart rate went right back up to normal. The nurse, Susan, said she thought it must have been that his neck was back a little too far as he was resting on May’s chest and perhaps his airway was constricted or something. So it
1 Tbsp. tomato paste
PRICE: Well…this is it. The final offer I’ll ever give you for a Bone book from this ennealogy. At Amazon, the book sells for $6.03 on paperback, with $5.20 for a new copy, and $1.32 for a used. You save–$5 aka 45%. On hardcover, Crown of Horns costs a lot more for $17.24, with $13.44 for a new copy, and $9.93 for a used. Don’t like the deals? Head on over to B&N (you’ve read enough JGB to know what that stands for) where the book sells for the same paperback price, but the marketplace edition sells for just $2 and ships in usually a day (eligible for free shipping), saving you 82%! And this usually ships within 1-2 “business days”.
And if that story can be corroborated and I am Chris Paul, I march to the nearest courthouse and file an anti-trust lawsuit. (Ironically, the players were able to end the lockout by filing an anti-trust lawsuit against the NBA.)
With a simple flick of a switch, you can gently illuminate your room. Makes a great nightlight!
Clinical experiments indicate that beverages containing cola increase the rate and extent of absorption of carbamazepine (Tegretol), a drug used to treat epilepsy and some forms of bipolar disorder.
Krewe of Okeanos: Okeanos is the Greek god of oceans and valleys -very important when your city is perched on the edge of the Gulf.
Angst + Trash + Found Images of War and Sex = Groundbreaking Work of Art
14. As long as you introduce the word "practical" into your sentence, he'll buy it. This especially works for clothes. Mwah ah ah ah.
This was quite possibly the most disgusting thing I'd ever seen. Our carpets were supposedly 'professionally shampooed' after the last tenants, but I don't see how it was a possibility. The water came up a dark brown. It was so nasty, we shampooed them until the water came up clear in the rinse.
“Sometimes,” said the Skin Horse, for he was always truthful. “When you are Real you don’t mind being hurt.”
* Craft beer at the venue... $10 a pop. 24 oz at least so that's not completely outrageous I guess.
Dane was diagnosed with Loeys Dietz Syndrome (LDS) about three years ago. LDS is a genetic condition (see www.loeysdiezt.org for more information) and affected Dane’s heart. We were ever-mindful that Dane could have an aortic aneurysm rupture but ever-hopeful that a surgery when he reached the age of twenty-five could increase his chances for a long, active life. LDS restricted his activities but it didn’t define who Dane was.
Keith Vaz, chairman of the Home Affairs Select Committee, said Straw’s comments were ‘pretty dangerous’. Others accused him of being ‘inflammatory’ or ‘stereotyping’ an entire community.
She tries to stay as still as possible. Her stiff arms glued to the sides of her body, palms tucked in underneath her bottom in an effort to stop herself from shaking. The fistful of hair that her mother had yanked out lay tangled, awkwardly separated from the lopsided ponytail that now hangs low on her back.
wing sauce
Mr Johnson was forced to trim his own spending after being accused of over-reliance on expenses-funded taxis in his early days as Mayor.
Lukewarm Faith
During our visit to the Egyptian Museum in Cairo, Egypt, we spent hours looking at the ancient Pharonic antiquities and artifacts on display. One section of the museum is dedicated to housing the varied treasures of the boy king Tutankhamun aka king Tut. King Tut’s artifacts came from his tomb and included over 3500 treasures and affluent items that he supposedly used throughout his life. These artifacts ranged in items made of gold, silver, precious gems, calcite, alabaster, etc., such as golden perfume bottles and amulets, the Wadjet or eye of Horus, canonic chests and shrine, statue of an one horned Oryx, golden scarab necklace, golden buckle depicting a chariot drawn by horses, the gilded throne and statutes, including life-size statues (1 meter 73 cm) of King Tut. Additionally, two of the three sarcophagi in which king Tut was laid to rest as a mummy are on display, with the third outermost (not on display), made of complete gold and weighing 450 kilograms (over 990 pounds), resting today in the Valley of the Kings housing his mummy still. But the highlight of the museum (a must see to all who visit) is king Tut’s funerary mask, which was found placed over the mummified head of the king. It is made of gold and inlaid with precious stones (lapis lazuli, turquoise, and carnelian), weighing 11 kilograms (nearly 25 pounds) and is believed to represent what the king really look like. Suffice it to say, that the king certainly lived an extremely affluent life and an inscription on his tomb door declares the king had “spent his life in fashioning the images of the gods”.
I'm used to people asking "So why does a young lass like you want to be a brewer?" I bet they don't ask guys that. On the plus side, most people are surprised but in a good way, that I am the brewer. Talk about challenging gender stereotypes - I'm a white-van man and brewer who does just the same as any bloke in the brewery. I really enjoy the physical side to my job, although I can sometimes be a weenie bit hindered by my height, but that's when I know to ask for help the same as everyone else.
This Conference believes that real ale is the indigenous beer style of the UK and notes that CAMRA will continue to concentrate its beer festivals on this beer style. Conference also recognises that there are some perfectly drinkable craft beers that are not real ale, and where CAMRA is required to provide a full bar, consideration will be given to selling keg craft beers as opposed to other keg beers.
But come what may, I'll simply trust
3/4 t fennel seeds
Okay, so she's way cuter than me...and more stylish. But we could be sisters at least, right?!
So, to learn our minutes, I have created worksheets that include 240 Opposite Action Words. (Nothing like Excel and Mail Merge and a sick child taking a super long nap to get all this done!)
Ok there are a number of ways to break your fast. We have the cigarette and coffee
Me: Yes, Luke, fires are very dangerous. That's why we like firemen.
And attacking Romney is also not a valid option as it only helps Obama. Levin, Hanity, Malkin, Shapiro, Murdoch, Limbaugh, Michael Reagan* I’m talking to you. Shut the hell up. Don’t like him. Fine, don’t support him. But that doesn’t mean you help our mutual enemy. Even all of the Newt and Santorum supporters out there need to get a clue that as many problems as they have against Romney (all of them justified by lies, half-truths and misinformation) he’s better than Obama. If you don’t like Romney, please just spend the rest of the year until November attacking Obama and his cronies and ONLY Obama and his cronies. Hell, day after the election I’ll join you in being a critic of President Romney when he does the wrong thing, as I will critique any president when they screw up…but until we get Obama out hold off on attacking Romney, please, for the good of the country—you know that thing you claim to love (although by supporting Santorum I’m not really seeing it).
Pythons have short, needly little teeth for gripping rather than killing, so if the dragon had teeth like a python, it could latch on to Beowulf's neck without taking his head off. My guess is that the venom must have been delivered not by injection through a hollow fang (like snakes in the families Viperidae or Elapidae), but through abrasion of the skin allowing the entry of venomous saliva (as is done by the Colubridae, most of which have back fangs and often don't inject venom but just cut the skin with sharp teeth--which is why of all the colubrids--about 67% of all snake species--only the boomslang regular kills humans).
When John was diagnosed with leukemia the amazing Anna again rose to the occasion. Beyond researching treatments and tirelessly managing the logistics of care, she made sure whether in Austin or at MD Anderson John always felt the presence of his friends and his many communities. Most memorably, she coordinated a blessing ceremony for hundreds of people to see them off to Houston for their first long term stay around the bone marrow transplant. Each of us was asked to fill an envelope with memories or poems or photographs so that every day they were there they could look forward to opening a letter from home. But For me, the most remarkable and generous thing Anna did was to allow us in, to experience this ordeal with them and show us how even, or perhaps especially, in the end of life there can be beauty and grace. For that Anna I am eternally grateful.
These feelings were made more explicit on her final album, 1971's Patchwork. Written and produced by Bobbie (this time, with full credits), it featured southern characters like Benjamin, Billy The Kid and Belinda who hadn't been around since The Delta Sweete, as well as Miss Clara and Your Number One Fan, both flapper skits, the latter aimed at her more dottily devoted supporters. Marigolds And Tangerines betrayed a yearning for a simpler, sweeter life; Somebody Like Me had a soulful strut; Lookin' In was effectively a resignation letter from the world of pop. Bobbie has since said that, of all her records, she is most proud of Patchwork and it's not hard see why.
before Johnny Knoxville and his pals were sticking fireworks up their butts, snorting wasabi, and taking a shock to the gonads (à la the childhood game, Operation), in the far off land of Ontario, Canada reigned another daredevil—a man named Ralph Zavadil, a.k.a. Cap’n Video. Just as we all winced when Knoxville tore his uretha, community access viewers of the '90s cringed as Cap'n Video bounced off concrete and broke his neck... until Zavadil was arrested for trafficking and disappeared from the public eye. (Trafficking what exactly? I can't find the answer anywhere, if anybody knows the specific charge, please comment below.)
And later that night I had a string of fruitful conversations and prayer times with students. It started out with a conversation with someone who wanted to make a first time adult decision to follow Jesus and ended with a conversation with one of my leaders who needed to know that Jesus had not forgotten him. As we talked, we worked at some of the roots of his numbness toward evangelism and he left with a sense that there was work yet to be done in his soul, but the Lord present.
Look at this mess, I told you my organization missions are going to get scarier.
So, when I googled "great vintage shops, Atlanta" this place came up several times-- Kudzu Antiques in Decatur. I couldn't believe that I'd never been! The place is huge-- we must have wondered around for at least an hour and a half, and I'm pretty sure we didn't see everything. In classic antique mall-style, they have it set up in booths, which vendors can rent and do whatever they like with. The refreshing place about Kudzu is that all of the booths are great-- they have very high standards for what kinds of items people can sell- no junk. Everything is authentic vintage and in great condition. Again, that makes for pretty high prices-- I found some great vintage dresses in one booth but they were all over $100! Still, if I were looking for a special occasion outfit or a nice gift, this is a great place to go.
They soon discover that while New York City was lost quickly, the rest of the country isn't far behind. Pirates, death camps, and an out of control government are just some of the things that threaten their success as the undead population explodes nationwide!
5. call me paranoid, but I'm always looking out for potential thiefs/criminals/psychopaths/sources of danger. it's like I'm starring in my own action movie (preferrably as jack bauer's sidekick). case in point - when on the tube a while ago, I smelled rotten eggs and got off the train, because I remembered that's how hydrogen sulfide (a poisonous gas) smells like. most probably it was just some who had yet to discover the joys of comitting to a long-term relationship with soap and water, but you just n e v e r know.
We’re sorry we torture you.
Funny how much music can drive the soul sometimes. Today has been one of those days. Bruno Mars belts it out all too well. “You and I, know what it’s like, to be kicked down, forced to fight. But tonight, we’re alright…”
(this is where I left)
Well! I figured out how to put a tent in the yard and not offend any of the 1% on my street. (I jest! They're not the 1%; just Republicans.) I would decorate the tent with Christmas ornaments, maybe a string of lights powered by a bicycle generator. Who could object?
Once I broke up with Steven, I packed my stuff and got shipped by plane to my other sister's (Patricia) in Montreal.
The Honey Weiss—light, crisp, with a delicate but noticeable honey note—is very popular around here, especially dispensed by the keg at larger gatherings like picnics and wedding receptions.
Greene King IPA is the UK's biggest cask ale brand. It still only has a 7% market share - the diversity and fragmentation of the ale market is (most of the time) one of its main strengths. But GK IPA is, for better or worse, still the biggest brand. I don't tend to drink it myself, but clearly lots of people like it. And like Magner's does with cider, if it attracts people to real ale for the first time who then start to look around and trade up, that's no bad thing.
Sir Stampalot are familiar to lots of us, not only do they have a great web site selling all the latest craft stamps and goodies, they also have a fabulous spacious shop...............be warned if you visit allow plenty of time as there is so much to see. The 'Delightful Celebration' Penny Black range will be in store this month as well. The prize from them this month seems very apt with all the visitors London is going to welcome this Summer:
Hey America, we all should have clapped when she died because that was one less drug addict in our country. Instead, the masses cried for someone who sang songs for a living and for someone they only knew through their televisions and radios.
Eternity's flow'r, with its homage of tears,
“My internship experience gave me a taste of what my future would look like someday should I pursue a career in archaeology.”
HOT FLASHES AND NIGHT AND DAY SWEATS: These are commonly experienced by both men and women. This is due to energy flowing too quickly through the body, hormonal changes, which men have too, and the body learning to adjust to the higher vibratory rate. Some men might experience fat being stored in this area which might feel like they are growing breasts. If you are a man don’t be concerned about this, because this puffiness in the chest area will only last for a short while.
Composed by: Mark Russell
I carry HSV1. When I was tested last year, my test came back positive for HSV1, and I was mortified. I asked the doctor, the lab technician, my psychiatrist, and loads of friends if I needed to contact past lovers and tell new lovers that I carried HSV1. Every one of them said no, that it wasn’t a proper STI. They said that if a person is sexually active at all, that means even kisses other people, then they’ve already been exposed to it if they hadn’t been throughout the rest of their lives through casual affection.
There were two cute dogs at the vineyard! I think our teachers and the owner were all bothered of us paying more attention to the dogs than the information he was giving for us about making wine :-D One of the Italian teachers asked us we have never seen a dog before, or what was the reason for everyone going crazy about them, haha.
Next month I'll do better.
The most vivid memory is when Mrs. Maxwell upstairs died and the handymen broke the floor and your ceiling, Eloise. You didn't want them to come in and fix it, and told them you'd take care of it. Then finding out, after they'd left for the weekend that your entire bathroom was filled with dust and rubble. That was not the worst part though. Then come Monday, they handymen were back, and you didn't want to go to the loo when they could be ogling you from up there. What's a woman to do, but squatting over a bucket in the bedroom. This was only part of it, you then poured your liquids into the kitchen sink..
They HATED his style.
I have serious questions about the lack of notice given to the public--it wasn't cool. If this was done on advice of TriMet counsel, they should definitively say so. (On the other hand, I wondered over at portlandtransport.com if this might be a stealth service cut designed to save money; as TriMet appears to be simply routing all 15s on the Montgomery Park branch instead, it appears this is not the case--service hours are not being reduced). TriMet appears to have gotten the message, and has announced plans to re-open the line starting Monday. (If it isn't obvious, this post has been in the works for a few days...)
Transmission gearchanges are prompt and Acura products, is replaced by a slightly bigger version. The new 3.7-liter produces 300 horsepower and torque throughout the acura mdx 2006 redesign a rear camera, voice-activated navigation system, reverse camera, Bluetooth-enabled sound system with an MSRP of $48,490.
She’s pretty darn close. Though she seems to have had a better childhood so I suppose we can’t judge her fully. Catherine (2) was never allowed to run wild as Catherine (1) was.
He reached up and touched her wet cheek.
Note: Please don’t forget to add to your budget extra costs such as travel (flights, hotels, rental-cars etc. and race-gear), additional testing, other race-events you might want to add to our race-program.
Have a wonderful Thursday, y'all!
Libertarian candidate for US Congress and Raleigh City Council
Unwontedly. It was late June.
Jack Allen's Kitchen - Jack Allen, the founding chef of Z'Tejas, brings a breath of fresh air to an otherwise-barren upscale restaurant landscape, the Oak Hill area. The flavors here are bright, fresh and innovative. Try the Navajo Taco or the trout salad - both are fantastic.
2 fat quarters (or 2 scraps of about 18" X 20" fabric)
-Layne
Back home in New York now with a black and white milkshake from the diner, and the baby happily playing with some choking hazard or another next to me, things are already inordinately better. And other things have become inordinately clearer.
Brain Quiet
This obnoxious woman (below)stood in front of the officers, who blocked the red steps, and obsequiously repeated over and over, "Why won't you let us sit on the steps? Why won't you answer me?" When another woman responded with, "We all know why, cause you'll never leave!" She smirked and walked away.
It gets me to slow down to take a moment with the kids.
-Unable to be left alone (Many clones are not usually allowed to be alone with anyone from the public, or those not in the knowing).
We all know that the economy is not so good and 2011 may prove to be the most challenging selling season. Having a plan and putting the right pieces in place will help you maximize sales and customer interactions.
realize the benefit of right timing and action.
My gut, my intuition, every single part of me was screaming that my relationship with this man was no longer right. I could not stay here. I couldn’t even breathe here. The deal breakers were too much, the betrayals made me ill and the absolute depression and sadness I felt in that hotel room in Fort Lauderdale was just a precursor to the pain I would feel now.
4. Contact those bloggers and let them know about the award.
into the milk and swirl it around with a toothpick.
Size 3.25 mm needles
Yesterday, my plan was to go to class and then chill. I haven’t chilled much recently, and it felt like a good idea, especially since there was a warning tickle in the back of my throat that felt like it could turn into a cold. So I was all set for making a pot of tea, taking a shower, and watching too many hours of Grey’s Anatomy in bed.
So here’s how I made the chicken stock, a clear or white stock (as opposed to it’s dark beef or veal sisters). I chose it because I use it a lot and chicken wings are a heck of a lot easier to find than fish heads. Rent a good movie (again, I recommend The Soloist) and make yourself a stock too. Put it in your freezer, in manageable qualities and see how much better your dishes turn out. Go ahead. I dare you.
And have gone on
I just got (me) a cabin,
One-time Brendan Ingle protege Khalid Shafiq, aged 21, was jailed for a year for joining a skirmish in Uropa nightclub that involved Owain Leeson, 17, who was later stabbed to death in the car park.
19. Money (11:58)
There was, though, one thing which held all the fascination of the library, but just one more exciting step up… the Book Mobile. I. JUST. LOVED. THAT. vehicle! What was more fun and exciting for a young girl, to be outside of school, in the sunshine, waiting your turn to go on the Book Mobile?
I really would appreciate any ideas you have for the shop. I want to offer so much more than just crafting stash, somewhere to come and share ideas, to learn new techniques etc, and to chat! I have lots to learn myself.
My Favorite Wife
Please check for the buyer reviews & ratings of OBAGI GENTLE CLEANSER, TONER, EXFODERM, HEALTHY SKIN PROTECTION SPF35, PROF C-SERUM 20%, ELASTIDERM EYE CREAM – 6 ITEMS – All Full Size at the merchant’s website by click on the link below.
Chuck Todd, Chief White House Correspondent for NBC News, was talking about why Newt Gingrich, and for that matter Rick Santorum, were staying in the race, despite the fact that their changes of winning the Republican primary are essentially nil, and diminishing (the reason I don't bring Ron Paul into this - and neither did Todd - is because he never had a shot at winning the nomination anyway).
Here are my thoughts: First of all, why does this mom even have to talk to the parents? If this boy is coming over too often or staying too long, she should talk to the child directly, perhaps negotiate what times he can come over and for how long.
Irene Thirer, writing in the Daily News, noted “Director Howard Hawks has injected several devilish touches in the piece, which surprisingly enough, got by the censors. His treatment of the snappy scenario is smooth and at all times interesting. Victor’s great, Armstrong’s certainly appreciable, and Louise Brooks is at her loveliest. The rest of the gals from other ports are good to look at, too. Roxy’s got a winner this time.”
I live walking distance from arguably the best Hip hop dance studio in LA (and I’m pretty sure it ranks with the best in the world) – Millenium Dance Complex
Honey, I know you knew I keep missing you and pray to meet you here in my arms. Make it a miracle for our great love. honey. Make a surprise for me. so I can’t forget it in my life.
Screw you, miseries. You don't win. I'm sticking with the smile.
“Suction magic?” asked Jagred.
We have two wonderful sponsors for this challenge and for the rest of the year. That's right - you have TWICE as much of a chance to win a great prize as we will have two sponsors each challenge!! Our first sponsor is Stamp Fairy and their awesome prize is a $9 gift certificate to pick out some adorable digital stamps at their website!
Let us say, for the sake of argument, that the IEA gets funding from cigarette manufacturers. Are we to assume that Littlewood - an enthusiastic smoker and a keen libertarian - would otherwise be vehemently anti-smoking? He was saying the same thing when he worked for the Lib Dems. And Liberty. And when he co-founded No2ID and Liberal Vision. Spot a civil liberties theme emerging here? Are they in the pay of Philip Morris as well? Or maybe - just maybe - his opinions have been formed by studying the evidence and reaching his own conclusion.
First, let me just ask the burning question on MY mind......
Jagan Nathan Vamanan, M.D. (India)
In the same way we must think of the Son always, so to speak, streaming forth from the Father, like light from a lamp, or heat from a fire, or thoughts from a mind. He is the self-expression of the Father—what the Father has to say. And there never was a time when He was not saying it. But have you noticed what is happening? All these pictures of light or heat are making it sound as if the Father and Son were two things instead of two Persons. So that after all, the New Testament picture of a Father and a Son turns out to be much more accurate than anything we try to substitute for it. That is what always happens when you go away from the words of the Bible. It is quite right to go away from them for a moment in order to make some special point clear. But you must always go back. Naturally God knows how to describe Himself much better than we know how to describe Him. He knows that Father and Son is more like the relation between the First and Second Persons than anything else we can think of. Much the most important thing to know is that it is a relation of love. The Father delights in His Son; the Son looks up to His Father.
Ah well, it's just one scene, and if it throws the thematic symmetry off, it does keep the dramatic momentum going. And Sondergaard's last scene does a great deal to make up for it. Leslie has retreated to her room during her "victory" party, after having confessed to her husband that she still loves Hammond. She goes to the French doors that open onto the garden, and Davis was never more beautiful than she is here as she looks at the moon, a full moon exactly like that of the beginning, the pearls around her neck glowing like echoes of it. It seems almost to pull her out of the room and across the garden, the camera following her shadow on the ground. And when she meets Sondergaard, as we knew she would, Sondergaard looks far more at ease wielding the dagger than she did selling the letter.
I always thought I was a good communicator. After all I it had been the way I made my livelihood back in my working day, not so very long ago. But for the nurses and doctors my phone calls reporting on my condition paled into insignificance with one look at me panting and choking for breath in their office.
Next, break apart each empanada disc and individually lay them out (but don’t pull them apart if they’re not well-thawed).
Skin: Mynerva – Milena
Scoot is a LCC subsidiary of Singapore Airlines, and along with Tiger Airways and Silk Air make up the Singapore Airlines family all flying from Singapore Changi Airport. What is most bizarre and perhaps one of the strangest elements to this whole mix is that Singapore Airlines, Tiger Airways and Scoot, now all serve Bangkok Airport. Between them they now offer 11 return daily flights (that’s almost half of the flights offered on this route, in total now served by 8 different airlines). The scoot flight departs to Bangkok only 35 minutes before Tiger Airways and returns to Singapore with only 5 minutes between the two returning flights.
Brooklyn Special Education Enrollment Sites:
A more pressing concern, yes, more pressing than having a coronary, is what to wear for this event (just picture me biking and running in only a speedo brand bathing suit and sneakers and you’ll get what I mean) but this will have to wait to be addressed because I have to go ice my special parts.
I recently cleaned and reorganized the studio (pics to come)! and have also planted one of the beds in the backyard (more pics to come). All of this and I have also found some time to redo the graphics on my site. I have rounded all the little corners on my buttons and what not.
I step up onto the bench and Christine follows me. We look out over West London and my heart and soul disappear as I feel Christine once more lock her hand around mine.
So here it is Sunday and time to share how naughty you were this week as far as book splurging went. I don’t want to know how naughty you were in other areas…don’t want to lose my innocents. LOL.
A little later, I was sitting in my car on my way to Goodwill to drop of the 15th load of junk (moving is awesome), I couldn't help thinking about this little scene from this morning. And because I can't just let things go, I thought of the other people in my life, that I've hurt... There are a few. Acquaintances, friends, and people very close to me. I never meant to. Heck, if I could change it all, I would. Alas, I cannot.
Myra: Don't act so goddamned innocent. You and your own mother? You like to go back where you've been, huh?
"Still, there's not a whole lot of changes since -rc7 (shortlog appended), and almost all of them are *tiny*. So despite the few annoying last-minute reverts, I'm feeling pretty happy about it." - said Linus Torvlads in the official announcement.
I interviewed Emma Grey from WorkLifeBliss for an upcoming story. Emma is one of the experts who features in Career Mums, and she is my go-to girl for simple tips about balancing work and home life. I won't give too much away, but I wanted to share one quote from the story that really stood out in my mind - and which neatly sums up much of her advice in our book.
Then Chris (Product Director) read it, Round Four. Rewrote. Then the kid focus group, Round Five. Rewrote. Then "The Board", whoever the heck that is, Round Six. Rewrote. Somewhere in there, I think Lisa gave me some more ideas, because I seem to remember seven rounds.
The house is getting more and more empty. We are prepping the rooms for painting and fixing windows and cleaning. Lots of nail holes to fill, window sills to scrape and windows to paint.
This is what my morning looked like :
Memories and family mysteries are resurfacing, tied to the "imagination" Tomas was said to have as a small child, where he saw škriatokov and vily - dwarves and fairies - around every corner. While childhood memories are all very amusing, Tomas is finally figuring out the worst bit - it's not his imagination. The woman in the fire dress... isn't all in his head. A vodník IS trying to kill him - for real - and make him live out eternity in his teacup. And bargain though he might, Death - not at all the mythological being he imagined - is coming for someone in his family.
It wasn't uncommon to be eating in a restaurant and an old friend of my mother's walk over and say hello. They comment on how much I'd grown since they say me last. Then the next thing out of my mother's mouth was "stand up and show them how tall you are." While it seems innocent enough, but really it was to show off her 5'8 fifth grader. Then it was "Do a split. Show them how flexible you are."
Speaking of color—on your song “Deer Ree Shee,” is that a tambura you used for the drone?
"He would go to the opening of a drawer" – often remarked among Andy Warhol's friends.
The new sessions include case study focused presentations by the U.S. Army, Microsoft Zune and Major League Soccer. These sessions join a fourth one featuring Latino urban youth marketing expert Fred Sotelo. The full conference agenda with days and times will be unveiled on Wednesday, March 17 at http://www.HispanicPRConference.com.
Goal Style. Each week I use Polyvore to put together looks that I hope to wear when I get to goal. They serve as inspiration and motivation, and they help me develop my own sense of style along the way. I enjoying working with thematic groupings, so if you have ideas of style themes for future fashion Friday posts, please put them in the comments.
Once you have a liquid consistency go ahead and add the Hemp Protein Powder, Agave Nectar Syrup, and Cayenne Pepper.
(The particular history of the use of eminent domain in Georgia for economic development, or “redevelopment,” starts in a Georgia Supreme Court decision from the early 1950s which barred the use of condemnation to take slum property for the construction of public housing. Georgia’s Constitution was amended by the legislature and voters in the next general election to allow the use of eminent domain for abatement of “blight,” a term used to describe substandard housing that would be the subject for “slum clearance.” This was a key legal innovation that cleared the way for “Urban Renewal” projects that were presented as “progressive reforms,” but which were later jocularly, but accurately, called “Negro Removal” projects.)
their toes feeling
I’ve decided to try the Good Mood Diet, which includes a mug of hot cocoa before bed. So last night – day one – I mixed one tablespoon of Hershey’s unsweetened dark chocolate cocoa power with one cup warmed milk and two packets of Splenda. I had no idea what I’ve been missing all this time with instant powder dumped in hot water. So good and so much better for me. Super, super yummy!
I didn’t feel anything at all
Being aware that RSI is a possibility will help you to stop it becoming an actuality.
Sime Darby also said it would take a hit of RM964mil in its second half earnings from losses from its energy division.
In picture book texts, what I look for is a certain amount of playfulness, a sense of the changeability of language, a hint at the difference that intonation can make as well as a certain poetic and rhythmic quality that makes the words sound alive in the mouth or the head.
Santa Cruz, CA
The GrandMothers of Invention are: NAPOLEON MURPHY BROCK (with Mothers of Invention / Frank Zappa from 1974 thru 1984), on vocals, tenor saxophone, flute, suavenicity, and dancing(!) - TOM FOWLER (with Mothers of Invention / Frank Zappa from 1973 thru 1976), on bass, hats, and musical M.D. - DON PRESTON (with Mothers of Invention / Frank Zappa from 1967 thru 1969, 1970, 1971, and 1974 as and vocals. Also featuring the incredible MIROSLAV TADIC on electric guitar, and the masterful CHRISTOPHER GARCIA on drums, percussion, marimba, and vocals.
The Sisters went to Court pleading that the Brother had made them a promise and that they had relied upon this promise, to their detriment, by not contesting dads will in the first place.
Instead of so damn good lookin’
Worryingly for employers, under the bill there will seemingly be no way of recovering their costs of defending even the unsuccessful cases, unless they can show the claimant is either fraudulent or a millionaire. In which case there will be little to discourage litigants in person from ‘chancing their arm’ with a claim.
Biggest mistake is the failure to communicate – you may not have all the information, but hold a session to explain what you know and don’t know, or even have a “non-information” meeting and allow the discussion to happen, don’t stop team meetings as it allows the rumour mill to fill the void.
Maybe because we don't have it for months. Or because we have it for months at a time: We let the sun in uncensored.
Radef lives in one of his 10 houses; the other nine are rented out as two- or three-family residences, according to city Department of Finance records.
I HELD a jewel in my fingers
It is a step forward when political parties play a positive role in problem resolution but when a political party IS the problem, it may well use the blame game in problem resolution. And the far-right-wing of the Republican party has done nothing but crash America and blame someone else. Even a moron should be able to see through the game the neocons are playing.
Pours a velvety chocolate color in the glass, lots of soapy looking head that is very long lasting (no homo). Nose has a very slight chocolate and sour jolly rancher thing going on. Not bad on the combo style beer. A Belgian golden and a porter I'm guessing. Actually had my hands on some Ass Kisser Smoked Porter and found that one to be a little more drinkable. This beer comes in a little off, likely bottle fermented hence the high carbonation. Taste is like chocolate/roast and a that belgian sour thing going on, which makes me think of porter. Nothing to great in my opinion here for what was probably a big deal when it first hit the shelves. Not to mention I may not have aged it well and the farmhouse ales tend to be all or nothing. High 2 stars.
I was taught years ago (I won't say how many) that it's proper to put two spaces after a period. Since then, my editor, Helen Ginger, and others have mentioned that the two-space rule is out, and one is better.
It also makes for good advertising, though we’d hate to be the guy behind the handlebars after a few hours on the job. Between synthesized revs, the “engine” exclaims “Domino’s!” and “Pizza!” in what can only be described as the perfect Netherlands accent.
18. Montana (4:05)
Our first stop was at Barrio Brewing Company in a gritty industrial area of Tucson. The old warehouse building is enough to make you want to come inside for a closer look, but add fresh, local beer and the draw is just too strong to resist! The exterior of the building seems largely unchanged from the days when it housed the Tucson Warehouse and Transfer Company. The loading dock has been cleverly converted for use as a patio and you’ve got to climb some steps to enter the front door. The music and atmosphere at Barrios are top-notch and when we visited, early afternoon on a weekday, the place was not especially busy.
I thought you may like to see some pictures that were recently taken of an attraction which was held at our village show........
In 1680, William Clement created a more accurate device, the longcase clock, which accommodated the newer, longer pendulum. Beyond increased accuracy, the narrower and slower pendulums required less power and caused less movement. So, the “seconds,” or Royal, pendulum is a narrow, long swinging weight whose full swing lasts one second. Thanks to an 1876 song, My Grandfather’s Clock, the name would go down in history. MBW Furniture carries traditional grandfather clocks, a Golden Sandalwood Grandfather Clock Curio Cabinet, as well as modern renditions like the Black Wooden Hallway Grandfather Clock.
The show is kind of the new X-Files, with a love interest for the girls, including a handsome Canadian actor, and even a special appearance by Leonard Nimoy as... well, another mad scientist. It's great fun, and there are all sorts of interesting literary references. The first season was a bit of a slog, to be honest, but things really picked up later. Now we've got a war between dimensions, an ancient doomsday device, mysterious enigmatic guys in dark suits "observing" and Walter's cow.
Thine own. Oh how sweet is the mercy which first took us to its heart, and
I loved the fit and feel of this skirt all day - the slit at the back is not very high, so I had to take less than my usual big strides. It felt very old-school.
why do I screw all up?
In my mouth, my tongue I am biting -
Over the years,
this young man is no quitter.
Then you have delicious Summer Squash Soup!
If the judge decides in my favor, the case is dismissed and my fine/bail is refunded with 60 days.
Parker: Oomph! Oomph! Aaaaargh!
Since I was in a rush, I was just going to finish attaching the canopy and use the parasol. Buuut I couldn't leave well enough alone, so I also finished the "rosette" above the slider, and the "scrunchie" around the finial (I've made up those terms; I don't really know what they would've been called for real).
Because we can become a society that cares and does the right thing.
watching this snow for another year
I am a genius.
Ann enjoys all things horticultural, as well as playing and watching sport, and socialising with her friends.
So you shoot every single creature that makes its way into your line of site. From Rabbits to Deer to the bountiful Buffalo. If your screen isn’t covered in at least 40 dead Buffalo carcasses then you are doing it wrong. You just acquired 200,000 pounds of meat, sure you can only take back 25 pounds, but it’s not like you will hunt the Buffalo into extinction or anything.
...he's fascinated by climbing under or into things.
That panicked me. There are very specific guidelines and rules that must be followed when sending mail to jails and prisons. (Another thing I’ve learned in my unexpected life.) Envelopes have to be a certain size; specific information and ONLY that information must appear on the outside of the envelope; pages of letters are limited (at the time, no envelope could contain more than three pages inside.) When the guidelines aren’t followed, the prison inmate can get in trouble.
Although I have many kindred spirits who collaborate with me as I search for my destiny, there is one who is my kindred heart. This is a wonderful young man who walks on foreign soil and sends the spirit of adventure and altruism back to me with every word he pens and photo he shoots. Thank you son, for reminding me that there is a world larger than my worries, ambitions, or dreams.
Melanie sat cross-legged on the double bed in a puddle of pale blue sheets, her laptop between her knees. A wave of disapproval seemed to come from Alexander’s ashes in the urn atop the dresser, but she could not tell if the censure was directed at her, the unmade bed, or the so very ordinary photos sliding by on her computer screen.
For my last contribution to this “40 Days...” series, I thought I’d
1) Never let your front tire go over the white line at the stop sign. Not even by 1 inch. They consider it "running a stop sign".
But beneath the good marketing genes of Lust and the ability of Gluttony to really tap into people’s insecurities about being last on a dining trend, Las Vegas really churns on the other, less celebrated sins.
Spain
But I also supported a lot of things to help the Puerto Rican economy. Puerto Ricans are United States citizens, and the poverty, the unemployment rates simply are — are simply not something that we as Americans should allow to occur in our country.
I'm so sad. I know it's what's best for them, but this is such a sucky situation. I'm going to miss her and her son so much. There were so many things coming up that I was looking forward to with her. Pierce's first birthday, her son's second birthday. I can't help but worry that I will never see her again. I know I more than likely will because they both have family in the area.
“Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.” (FYI: Charles Caleb Colton originated this in early 1800′s)
Submit: Send the query in the body of the e-mail; response time for queries: 4-6 weeks
Good morning...I hope your having a wonderful week...
They should expand into all other sorts of things you need other than just crafty things.
Neil: Wow. (Slow-burn).
And the lows of “I’m sorry, Mrs. Moore. Something has
Hello bloggers. I have a surprise for you. Today I’m conducting my first blog interview. Please help me extend a warm welcome to erotic romance writer Evie Balos.
Often customers use products for tasks that are different from what was originally intended. When it is seen that customers are putting up with inefficiencies because they don’t have a choice, and force fitting the product to their situation, this is an indication to modify the product and tap into a new opportunity.
200 grams enoki mushrooms
balloons
25th Feb 1984 Edinburgh Moray House
- Painful moments, trust God.
Just keep cooking till thickened
You know, it’s so easy to get caught up in spinning for ourselves. This craft is not appreciated across the board for the skill, time and talent it takes to create something beautiful from almost nothing, fluffy stuff. You cannot place a monetary price, that people will pay, for a hand knitted item, let alone created with yarn that was handspun. You just cannot possibly be justly compensated. So we either create for ourselves or for others, but those “others” really must pass the grade to be judged worthy to accept something that is created with love, if even just a love for the craft. We love what we do, but that doesn’t mean that we should be loose with it… humph~! With that said, I love that I am able to give my time, talent and love for these animals and combine all that into something that can benefit them.
The Insider (Eric Roth and Michael Mann)
with your pals.
14.Every Man For Himself
I’ve dined with them, I’ve been to their homes, I’ve shared special occasions with them, I’ve spilled tears on their shoulders and I’ve laughed long and loud with them. Oh, how I have laughed.
I really enjoy planning lessons also....how they often come together. This week Morgan's piano song and history came together. We are working in the time of the Civil War and she happens to be working on a piano song by Stephen Foster, an American composer of this time. Her assignment this week- research a bit about this composer and why he wrote her song...then share this information with her sisters and play the song for them. One thing we always agree upon.....we all love our lessons about Great American artists. Last week we learned about glass artist, Louis Tiffany. Everyone enjoyed making their own "stained glass" art....
Williams J, Gladen BC, Chapin RE, Schrader SM. Ethylene dibromide (EDB): Comparison of rabbit and human seminal characteristic. Presented to the Society of Toxicology for presentation at the annual meeting, February 1990, Miami Beach, FL.
For a classic recipe using the traditional mortar and pestle you can visit the official site of the Consortium of Pesto Genovese.
down on his neck
The man, of course, was Panaït Istrati, a young Romanian of Slavic and Greek descent who had led a most extraordinary life, one that had taken him around the Mediterranean, across eastern Europe and the Levant, and into and out of all kinds of jobs: “cabaret house boy, sandwich man, sign painter, house painter, journalist and photographer.” Along the way, Istrati had picked up stories as varied and entrancing as those of The Arabian Nights. Rolland took Istrati under his wing, recognizing in him a born storyteller (in his preface Rolland notes that Istrati’s storytelling prowess proved so irrepressible he’d interrupted the narrative of his own suicide note to weave in a few choice tales).
Song made a number of notable shorts during his time in Poland, Hong Kong director Wong Kar-awai liking ”Liver and Potato” (1998) so much that he asked the young filmmaker to collaborate with him, an offer that Song turned down. The next year, 소풍 (Sopoong/The Picnic) won the Grand Jury Prize at the Cannes Film Festival’s short film competition, making Song the first Korean to win at the prestigious event. There was more success ahead with Song’s first feature film, 꽃섬 (Ggot seom/Flower Island), winning awards at the Venice Film Festival and the Fribourg International Film Festival, as well as multiple prizes at the Busan International Film Festival in 2001 – a first recognition at home. However, with Song’s films being more arthouse than mainstream, cinema goers were not yet convinced and it wasn’t until 깃 (Git/Feathers in the Wind) in 2004 that the director also had a triumph at the domestic box office.
It reminded a judge of a curse passed on a now deceased secular lawyer about 20 years ago, when judges bid his spirit to enter the body of a dog.
After my run, we headed out to soccer, ballet, and then Louisville Ky. We spent the weekend hugging friends and celebrating life.
The White Robe is symbolic. Each day, every one of us focuses intent white light on the other, we each cloak one another with a white robe, so that we are protected, cloaked, and unharmed.
This is definitely an original ale and one I'm glad I was able to get my hands on. Do yourself a favor and pick up a 4 pack next time you are out. Pours a very nice red brew with a slight warm creamy head. There was a pretty strong hoppy flavor but is well balanced with the sweetness of the dates.
Time has transfigured them into
And do you know what? It does not make me want to "get away" with a thing. It doesn't make me lazy. It doesn't make me an apathetic wife.
Nowhere in the above exhaustive list have I ever suggested that I wear a handbag to carry other people’s important/random pieces of crap.
I'm actually going to try and get a little post up about doodling edges and creating some cool elements out of vintage scraps later this week...
We’re 37% down from our peak, but it’s still worth 2.2X more than we owe on the mortgage ($135K), meaning we’re still $163K ahead.
The horse was pretty tame and not prone to taking off on its own, for which I was extremely grateful!
This sketchbook was completed whilst doing my PGCE, prior to starting teaching full time. Happy, care-free days!
When I get married
That kind of situation would make any of us a little emotionally needy.
1. One wife. You sleep around, you die.
And bonus Haiku? Yeah it is a bonus, so keep it down. This week is Jack White. His first solo album came out this week to good reviews. I was a little suspicious at first but after a few listens, it is a good one. Maybe even his best, up there with the White Stripes “Elephant”:
Me: No thanks buddy
On the last morning, we sat around the campfire and enjoyed a morning of devotions. I went off to do dishes and bathe while the rest of the family packed up camp. It was bitter sweet. My husband sent The Archer Home with the children and our "Redneck Gypsy" bed - Matthew (Now renamed Kind Eyes due to a private joke) teased us about sleeping in the back of it - see pics below. My husband had other plans for us. We spent the day touring Eureka - dining, stores, looking at lands and lakes. My favorite, though, was the special evening spent on a blanket looking at Outlaw Lake before driving home......
One "positive" thing to come out of this cancer/being stuck at home.... the relationship that these two have. I was doing dishes and looked over to see them cuddling. Loved it. Tried to snap a pic and ruined it. We don't get to play with people often so they have learned to play with each other and love it/hate it.
Bake *30 to 50 minutes or until a tester inserted near the center comes out clean and the cake springs back when pressed lightly in the center. The cake should start to shrink from the sides of the pan only after removal from the oven.
“Tommy,” called Hank, “what the hell is going on?”
Okay. You will get to see .0006 seconds into the future. Ha! Betcha didn’t see that one coming!
Else it was a case of wheels on my mind.
And, don’t you love the treats your kids bring home from school for Mother’s day? Here was a “mommy fact sheet” that my 6-year-old daughter made for me. Maybe I won’t be remembered for my great culinary skills, but I can live with that. . .
Finding a formal dress that fits can be a daunting task. Not only must it fit your body shape and style, but it also needs to fit the occasion. You can spend your time shopping in local retail shops to find the perfect dress, but there is a good chance that you will only end up frustrated or worse, with a dress that is uncomfortable. If you have an important event, feeling confident is important, and wearing the wrong dress could make you hide in a corner all night.
Forever caresses a frigid wife
The Test Run
Anyway, in the early afternoon after the kids collected their medals and trophies, we returned home with a friend of Danika’s, and then a friend of Marko’s came over. It felt like a perfect summer day – 25 degrees, not a cloud in the sky (of course), all the doors open, bare feet running in and out. There was a lot going on – ball hockey, soccer, jump rope and learning skipping rhymes, making cookies, and… the inaugural first swim of the year in our unheated pool. I’m about 2 euros poorer after I bribed 4 kids to jump in the pool.
Today started early with a 6 am walk. I like getting out early with the sunrise and visiting with all the dogs of the neighbourhood. I think I am the only person who is out without one. My favourite is a beautiful and friendly brown cocker spaniel. His elderly owners would keep me around talking about her forever if I let them.
Of course, in no way does this protect or serve the public. In fact, as the story eludes, this action is creating a public disturbance and nuisance. Described as “breathtakingly dangerous” when this was done in California, drivers are distracted from watching the road and other drivers by the innocent looking pink bunny.
I am sure most of you know which choice Tris makes but it makes for interesting reading to see her fulfil that choice, the repercussions and the consequences, the lies and the subterfuge that takes place surrounding her choice.
It is just a glimpse..of what made me smile on this journey.
With out any exageration this is one amazingly talented lady! Each week Dr Sonia S V shares her gorgeous creations with us and usually has a fab tutorial to go along with it. Please take the time (if you haven't already) to hop on over to her blog and say hi. Let her know you saw her featured here.
Not everybody thinks this is good: Not all psychiatrists and not even all members of the APA think it’s good.
Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: Yes, he should.
Pls drop ur comments below..
According to research on Chamorro mtDNA, the people belong to haplogroup E lineages that occurs widely in the Philippines and Indonesia, and has a low occurrence of the widespread Oceanic mtDNA haplogroup B4.
Sherry included a variety of these, each winner will get two - I can't tell you for sure which titles you will receive...
That's it ... don't push now ... everyone get in line and get your ticket for a tour through the Living Room of the Addams Mansion.
…SYNOPSIS…
5. Spread a thin layer of tomato sauce in non-glass casserole dish (glass casserole dishes should not go under the broiler). Layer chicken on top and cover with remaining sauce. Top chicken with mozzarella and parmesan cheese and put under broiler until the cheese has melted and is light golden brown, about 2-3 minutes. Garnish with basil and serve.
As those on CNN’s situation room would say, there is much to delight about, and fame & wide acclaim about where this summer activity is situated! The landlord on the now-in-reruns hit tv series Three’s Company would certainly second that namesake idea & be happy to park himself front and centre, no doubt.
We arrived in Tokyo yesterday after a looooong flight!
Fun fact: Milt got a start at second base against the Athletics on September 11, 1958...in a manner of speaking. Two of the Orioles' weaker-hitting regulars were second baseman Billy Gardner (.225/.271/.298) and center fielder Jim Busby (.237/.320/.330). With the O's playing on the road, manager Paul Richards optimized his offense by writing pitcher Jack Harshman into the lineup as the center fielder batting fifth. Pappas was penciled in at second base batting seventh. If their spots came up in the first inning, Richards could pinch-hit with his preferred bench bats. If not, the pitchers could be pulled, and none of the bench players would be burned needlessly. With two runners on base and two out in the first inning, Gene Woodling indeed pinch-hit for Harshman and flied out to left to end the inning. Busby and Gardner took the field in the bottom of the first, so Pappas was subbed out without his spot in the order coming up. It was all for naught, as the Birds lost 7-1.
The field of the poor yields abundant food, but without justice it is swept away. (Proverbs 13:23)
It’s a little thing.
For those not in the know, most of the blogging calendar’s are just lists of what months celebrate what events and holidays. For example, March is Women’s History Month.
But with danger and betrayal at every turn, she can trust no one. Especially not her father. Eleanor must use all her cunning to survive.
Quote of the day: Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens. - J. R. R. Tolkien
Mission: Impossible – Ghost ProtocolFrozen PlanetShameTreme (S2)The DivideThe Witcher 2 (Xbox 360)The House of the Dead 4 (PS3)Trials Evolution (Xbox 360)
1 extant
I was sad, but glad too that Elmer had introduced me to something I would love the rest of my life.
You know your job is good when you end the work day discussing strippers. And it is completely work related and relevant to the work we do! For real. I couldn’t make this stuff up if I tried.
After it cooks for a few minutes and softens, add a some tamari (I prefer my zucchini a little crunchy still) Then add sesame seeds & ginger.
One study reported that its participants kept a secret for an average of 72 hours before they spilled the beans. That's a mere three days. Heck, I can keep a chocolate bar for longer than that.
The next day Davies and Kozrak visit Hex in his cell. Jonah is on the floor, not moving. Kozrak thinks that he might have ruptured something during the last beating and asks if he should get the prison doctor. Davies nixes that idea seeing that Jonah was never supposed to be leaving that prison anyway.
Anyway... My story of prom weekend... Early Friday morning I got an emergency call from work around 4:30am. I didn't get back to sleep. Friday night, I got another emergency call from the same client at 11:30 and then again as soon as I got back to sleep again, at 1:30am, which kept me up the rest of the night. So long about 6:30 am or so Saturday, I finally laid down for a 2 hour nap, where upon my cell phone rang again... I went back to work for another couple hours. No other sleep that afternoon. I did try, but it wasn't working.
Anyway, all this has been waiting to happen, and I must thank my muse for gently nudging me in the right direction. And my friends of the internet who have been supportive and said encouraging things. Feel free, please, to criticise, question, and make suggestions. In fact, feel free to point at anything, say "that's horrible", and tell me why.
I am continually reminded of the lasting promises of the gospel (future grace) and the temporary status of ‘things’. If I am one hundred percent honest and look inside myself I don’t believe this consistently. I struggle to live a life that’s consistent with my professedd contentment to the Lord. I was further reminded by a recent article on MSNBC.com of not only my blindness to this issue but also the truth of the Bible on this issue.
Tweet about this giveaway and leave the link to finding the tweet. Can tweet twice a day at least two hours apart. (1 entry per tweet)
To be fair, it wasn’t an original idea. I’ve recently become interested in the Montessori approach to teaching. I know very little about it, but my impression is that it’s a simple, peaceful way to allow kids to learn. I love the mantra “teach me to do it myself” and I like what I’ve read about allowing kids freedom while giving them responsibility. Typical Montessori nurseries have a mirror hanging over their floor bed to allow babies to view their room from the bed. Although we probably won’t be by-the-book Montessori parents, we are currently borrowing the floor bed idea (as in: Lil sleeps on her crib mattress on the floor of her room) and I thought that the mirror placement in her play area might be a hit as well.
And that's what I'll be posting about today, because that's what this day means for me. :D
9. This is what I want for Christmas - cooking classes at Caveau! $95 includes a cooking class to learn how to prepare three different courses which you get to eat at the end!
Religion.
"At 4:30 a.m. local time, 8 p.m. in Washington, we felt the plane's wheels lift off Afghan soil. Obama had spent six hours and 10 minutes on the ground," Goldman wrote. The President's offering of cake came hours later.
William Holden’s first movie!
Meanwhile, the recent Facebook posting on a Malay girl being ‘kidnapped’ in Tampines turns out to be a hoax. The police said no police report was lodged with regard to this case, and they will not hesitate to take action against those who knowingly spread false information.
*We may repeat this again some other day. It either didn't work or R's locks are too dark to show.
I loved Marty Whelan. His morning show on Lyric got me through the bailout, the election and the lack of revolution that these events inspired. His soothing voice, his bad jokes, his occasionally awful taste in music all aided me in my slow coming terms with spending another day in this brutish country, leading this banal life. But today, today he parked in my space.
chleuasmus - a sarcastic reply that mocks an opponent and leaves him with no answer. (This makes me think of some of Dorothy Parker's one-liners like the one she threw at the person who had been going on and on about having a baby. When it was born and the woman told Parker, Parker said, 'We always knew you had it in you.'
It is of course very good that the EU is committed to fight discrimination. But ILGA-Europes campaign for sodomist “marriages” is not a fight against discrimination. It is in actual fact a quest for legal and fiscal privileges for people with a particularly decadent lifestyle, at the expense of the rest of society. This is certainly not within “the powers conferred on the EU by the Treaties”.
Life as an unloving dead
slightly mussed up, with their pollen starting to fall in fine golden
So needless to say...Oreo had to go!
Russia is evil is the meme!
The silver helmets might give the opponents a hard time during day games because of the intense reflection of the sun. They’re supposed to look like the helmets of knights, and with that explanation, the helmets are not as offensive as first thought.
Also, a word of praise for my colleagues, the bold “Enfield Nine” striking journalists who put principles and our readers before threats of redundancy and half a month’s loss of earnings. Respect is due.
We chase after shooting stars, caught
We found the PERFECT ring, something that I had been wanting since we before we got engaged & I was looooving it. We purchased the ring but I told him that I wanted it to be a surprise when he was going to give it to me. (for our engagement I was surprised on how he did it, but i knew it was coming!)
Of course, the Daley family helped Barack Obama and Michelle throughout their brief careers in Chicago. In fact, they are still helping the Obamas, as Richard’s brother, William Daley, is currently Mr. Obama’s chief of staff.
The really pretty ones that you spend alot of money on, and you want to always take care of,.. you will loose.
Belly Button Baby
The scene from Monty Python and the Holy Grail comes to mind where plague sweeps through the villages and men pull carts through town calling, “Bring out your dead!” One man carries his father out to the cart, who is swinging over his shoulder saying, “I’m not dead yet. I’m not dead yet!” I am discouraged by the number of leaders in our church ready to cut our losses and simply toss the church on the heap. I don’t believe they do this for any reason beyond losing hope and lacking vision. We don’t remember what “home” looks like any more — we’ve been gone too long. The church growth movement of the late 20th century corrupted our values. We adopted one hundred and one business concepts without translating them to the church in spiritual language. We turned our seminaries into academic proving grounds, where practical ministry is viewed as a pathetic waste of teaching time. Boards of Ordained Ministry ceased trying to cultivate good leadership and instead assumed the role of weeding out bad. Our energy shifted from “becoming” to “being,” a shift from continuous improvement, learning and development to managing the status quo to survive another day. As a denomination we have stopped moving toward a Promised Land. Instead, we wander in the wilderness.
“People assume it’s because of a lack of integration, but that is really not the issue here. This is about a noise disturbance that needs to resolved by people being willing to engage each other,” he added.
When we got back upstairs, the game resumed, but Saarah wasn’t playing nicely, so she got a penalty:
It states on the site that you will pay shipping only of $4.99, but my shipping for the mug was not that much maybe it would be that cost for the calendar. Here is the link to the site.
I assured him, "That's really ok! Do you need to remember pain? There's always time to make new, positive memories that you will remember."
9. A gun or rifle, with the head of the family or a member who knows how to operate a gun, and has no issue with shooting and attacker.
this hairstyle to me looks like second day hair (which is when you have curls from the day before) which is great cos it means there is very little effort in the morning to create this look. this is perfect for very early starts or 'the morning after the night before' type days. i recommend this hairstyle to students of all ages. trust me you will thank me when you have a friday morning lecture that seems like it starts at the break of dawn!
The following will be only one very long run-on sentence that is just a random assortment of thoughts all crammed into one…well…random thought.
The town of Windermere does not touch Lake Windermere. But it has grown together with lakeside town of Bowness-on-Windermere. The odd combined town retains two distinct town centres. The Windermere railway station continues in operation today.
I have been sleeping on the floor of my son's bedroom the past two nights, and tonight, between 9:30 and 11:30 he woke me up six times... That's okay, it's part of being a mom.
I am training my child to act like a rat in a maze. Want a little pellet of food? Jump through this hoop. What is this really saying though? Are we not teaching our children that we do what is right because it brings a reward? What about if there is no obvious reward? Are we not also training our children that no reward means we don’t have to act rightly? Are too many questions in one paragraph hard to follow?
She said Hamilton is one of only three Ontario school districts without joint busing -- and she says it boils down to the Catholic board using generous busing to draw students, and thus funding, to its schools.
There it is- what is working.
I then notice that Christine isn't holding me hand. She's stepped down off the bench and is looking down towards the trees.
I attended my second meeting with my new critique group yesterday. This one was extra special because we celebrated a good friend's first book offer! Pam Mingle's beautifully written YA time travel book titled KISSING SHAKESPEARE will be published by Delacorte in 2012. In it, a young girl suddenly finds herself living in the past with a daunting mission: she must seduce William Shakespeare. Otherwise, all of his plays will go unwritten. The book weaves an intriguing romance with mystery, and is filled with wonderful descriptions of the period. I highly recommend it when it comes out.
14) THE CATWALK – The Playboys
I woke up very early today, so early that I decided to go back to sleep and ended up waking too late. -_- So, it's another mad rush, and I think this is my 'best' record to date, after I'm done with the bentos, I'm only left with 10 minutes to get ready and send LT to School. Oh well, looks like there will always be such days for me. :P
Ilusión que viviendo latente
At my sister's baby shower, we served Peach Citrus Sangria, and it was delicious. My mom and I wanted to offer a refreshing cocktail that was easy to make, festive, and light enough for a midday party (so, that ruled out anything with tequila or vodka). We took Eddie Ross's Fresca-based Sangria recipe (that I made for Brooke's Baby Shower) and tweaked it a bit. We gave it a peach flavor and made it pink! The drink was such a huge hit that we actually ran out towards the end of the party. I swear. These ladies went through two huge batches, it was that yummy.
roundabout on parking lot.
In the joy of this strength exercised
I found a few things that were so insignificant yet mattered the most
Here’s another important thing to remember concerning this demonstration of grace. In order for us to be the type of people who love those who hate us, or bless those who curse us, or pray for those who mistreat us, or who give to those steal from us, or turn the other cheek to those who slap us once, we have to be close enough to them, involved enough in their lives, living in their sphere of contact. In other words, we have to put ourselves in a position to be taken advantage of, a place where we can be hit, a place to be robbed. In other words, we need to be involved in the lives of those who might do such things.
“We’ll get friendly, you worthless piece of shit.”
Gotta Book is the blog of Greg Pincus. Pincus, as you may remember, is the King of Using Social Media to Promote Awesome Things. Seriously -- even if you care nothing about poets, check out how Pincus is organizing and promoting 30 Poets/ 30 Days. Especially how the promotion is not about him -- it is about the poets, and poetry, and the whole kidlitosphere book blogging community.
But what’s deep in the heart of me,
and you're never gonna be the same..
Now as usual, I’ve only seen the first episode of this series, so this won’t be a review, but rather a first impression. That said, Outcasts makes a good first impression. The concept of Outcasts reminded me quite strongly of the Fox show Terra Nova, but done right. Both are about near future human colonies in hostile environments, a planet dubbed Carpathia in Outcasts and Earth 85 million years in the past in Terra Nova. In each the human colonists are fleeing a decaying earth, and deal both with the issues of environment, and more human drama. But whereas Terra Nova squandered its potential and wasted its time with badly written characters and boring subplots, Outcasts offers up a promising story and a cast of interesting and realistic characters.
I just read some wonderful truths by Stephen King about revision:
No-one can deny Balotelli let City down on Sunday but to call him the root of all problems at City is frankly ridiculous. I fear it is too late for him to recover his reputation and fully expect him to head back to Italy in the summer and that is a great shame. I’ll leave you with a James Milner quote from last summer:
In pain, in fear, in longing and surprise—with every death Rhia hears the cries of the departed. This 'gift' from the ancient and mysterious Crow gives Rhia an intimate connection to death. One she's fought to repress as she tries to create a normal life.
Police De do do do, de da da da UK
Existence is my only constant. Like a Mobius strip, I am non-orientable and never-ending.
Descendance (10 Parts) 10 - 16 August 1996 - 12 - 18 1996
The other day we were eating chicken with rice. Many times we have steak with rice and we serve it with soy sauce. So Abby asked for soy sauce with her chicken and rice. Then she kept saying that she wanted "black chicken". We could not figure out what she wanted but finally decided that "black chicken" meant that she wanted "steak". We were all laughing - except for Abby who was disappointed that she couldn't have "black chicken"!﻿
Finally not all RCTs are created equal (various forms of bias; surrogate outcomes; small sample sizes, short follow-up), and thus should not all represent the same high level of evidence.*
In my opinion, school is probably the worst place to learn about sex ed. From what I've heard, it's awkward and not very informative.
What I suggest, is for the best
Walk on through the wind,
They find out that the reason Barley has been so reckless in London lately (including leaving behind "trails of weeping mistresses") is because he "inherited a romantic list" and hated publishing romantic literature. He claims it's a family tradition of writing "novels for the housemaid" that he's getting rather tired of, but that his family shareholders (i.e. his aunts) won't let him publish anything else. He didn't show up at the audio fair because they wouldn't let him go into the business of audio cassettes.
The also sang sea shanties. My kid's math teacher (and newest member of my track team) picked up a guitar and got the kids to sing. The extra cool thing is that the Clearwater was organically owed by Pete Seager. Really.
There are two covenants. The Old. The New.
Mr Chamaria is Director and Chairman of The Infinity Group who has partnered with Round Table India Through CPRT 34.
I think that the dishwasher is a magnet for most children. Well it is no different for our little man. Any time the dishwasher door is down, he is right there. He really thinks it is funny to climb on it.
Kimberly Clark - 52
Judicial activism is defined as judges becoming activists for their own political beliefs. When a judge interprets a law beyond the simple reading of the law and legislative intent in order to create a new right or law they are going beyond their constitutional role. The legislature is the only body that can create new rights because they are elected by the people and accountable to the people. Our founding fathers thought it best that judges not create new law or become activists from the bench because judges are not elected by the people.
Edmondson: I don’t think there’ll ever be a sequel to that story, but I think there’s acres of potential for another film with Richie and Eddie in it. Not Guesthouse II, but in some other situation.
I wasn't too sure if I could keep up, but so far so good, but there is a looooong way to go yet.
OH GOD.
And just an example of how I can't keep up with the crazy little psycho.
They will use God to excuse any immoral act and have done it throughout history. Christians never learn because they buy the fear that is sold to them. They are cowards and will not stand up to these profoundly evil teachings.
As they approached the village to which they were going, he gave the impression that he was going on farther.
let’s just say … hypothetically: I have character issues..how can I build my character ?
“For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office.” That is why Paul withstood Peter to the face.
Some days all I can feel is overwhelming happiness and glee at my own joy.
One of the first RPGs for the PSX, Wirld Arms wasn't a bad way to pass the time before a steady flow of the genre began to rain down on gamers. By the time you hear this tune, some pretty tragic events have occurred so it's fitting that this theme isn't so perky like the last few towns you've visited up to this point. Or course, it's not really sad either. It's more of a mysterious-sounding tune over anything.
The irony is that the poll showed there was serious voter alienation from all of the main political parties, Conservative and Liberal Democrat as well as Labour. Non-Muslims also appear to have voted for Galloway.
“Tears and fears and feeling proud
I hope you'll get a chance to read this book, linger over the language, enjoy the images it evokes, maybe challenge yourself or your children to come up with your own descriptions!
Tools: scallop circle cirle punch, piercing tool, dimensioals
Baby (what it is)
Like the gold being refined until you can see your reflection in it, God uses the trials in our life as a way to refine us until we reflect Him. This process will take a lifetime, literally, and the only way it can be achieved is if we continue to obey Him despite the trials life throws at us. In time, slowly but surely, we will begin to resemble God.
Gift: Understanding – With the gift of understanding, we comprehend how we need to live as a follower of Jesus Christ. A person with understanding is not confused by all the conflicting messages in our culture about the right way to live.
Anwaar: You’ve soiled your hands! You better wash it off before anybody sees it.
Streetwise (SW-3691), 1981
The photo above is of my father-in-law. He's the director of bands and chair of the music department at Doane. His bands sounded fantastic and to see him conduct the finale, the Hallelujah chorus, was really neat. Let's keep in mind that at one time I had to conduct the Hallelujah chorus in front of him. For a class. Of which he was the professor. During my freshman year of college. When Allen and I had been dating for all of 4 months. YEP! That happened.
02 Our Anniversary 06:56
Bloggers: Enter your blog now for a chance to win a trip to Book Expo America in New York City!
Thank you! Blogging has been an interesting experience, no doubt. The first part of the process is so insular – just me, and my laptop. It still trips me out to realize how many people are tuning in to read my thoughts! I totally love the interaction and feedback that blogging gives, because TV is so removed and manufactured. The projects on my show were completed many months prior to airing, and I’ve already moved on by the time I hear from fans. But with my blog, I can let it rip and the response is instant! I also get to be ‘me’. No PR considerations, no towing the network line….it’s just me and my readers, and it’s totally great. Plus, I’m now a member of this rich community of blogs and bloggers (like AphroChic!), and it feels like we’re all part of this fantastic tribe together. It’s really fulfilling.
Daniel is also mentioned as a real person by the Lord Jesus.
Large Heart: Sweethearts Cricut cartridge cut at 10 1/2" with a shadow (p. 73 of the handbook)
Mayan Ultra: Running for the past 12 days. *See previous post*
Slainte.
Thursday morning: The garage door people are supposed to be here between 8 and 9am. I’ve prescheduled a half hour PTO at work just in case. As of 8:25 I’m left thinking I’ll probably need it. This was all first reported December 21st. Jan 13th they asked me to take a picture of the light coming in on the sides. Jan 30th they asked if anyone ever came out about the garage door. April 1st sent pictures of light. If it wasn’t for blogging and email I’d never be able to keep this stuff straight. I’m totally bad about writing notes about who/what/when.
Fun Fact: she's also Annette o'Toole's stunt double!
on Sundays with that violent machine.
- The Asians & Friends group who all held giant Hello Kitty head placards. Kawaii indeed.
all that’s inexplicable:
Dean Henderson was born in Faulkton, South Dakota. He earned an M.S. in Environmental Studies from the University of Montana, where he edited The Missoula Paper and was a columnist for the Montana Kaimin. His articles have appeared in Multinational Monitor, In These Times, Paranoia and several other magazines.
6. What inspires you to write?
Through our new awareness, we no longer feel isolated from the rest of the human race. We may not understand why the world is the way it is or why people sometimes treat one another so savagely. But we do understand suffering and, in recovery, we can do our best to alleviate it. When our individual contribution is combined with others, we become an essential part of a grand design. We are connected at last.
Rubber Stamps : Webster's Pages and Micia Crafts
Success of the NBI will, in large part, rest on being able to meet this challenge. NBI development projects need to be mainstreamed within regional, national, and local development processes, and not simply exist in parallel, labeled as “water resource-“ or “river basin-“ focused. This urgent challenge has yet to become effectively internalized within the process.
Now I get to play with 5″ squares and figure out how wonderful old traditional blocks could be created from these squares or designing new quilt blocks. This is what’s on my design wall right now:
Shaquille O’neal officially became a Boston Celtic Wednesday afternoon. Shaquille Oneal aka Superman has signed to the Boston Celtics after shopping for teams in the league. Shaq has played along side big name players such as Kobe Bryant, Dwayne Wade, Steve Nash, and Lebron James. Now he will move on to his next team the Boston Celtics where he will be joined by newly signed player Jermaine Oneal.
Bob: "If I had my way, there'd never be an end to Blood Bowl! You just don't find a finer display of the violent arts than this Jim."
Telus Building Room 134
It sure is a fun movie to watch in 3D (which I'm never going to experience again) and it certainly changed the movie industry, but few people seem to want to discuss that it's recycled, predictable plot is Fern Gully with giant fairies instead of miniature ones? I half expect Christain Slater to make a cameo. James Cameron's unforgivable story telling cheat is summed up in one word: unobtainium.
In a recent Friday sermon from Qatar by Sheikh Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, he condemned Christmas celebrations in Muslim countries, saying that they were forbidden and stating that the Muslim nation is abandoning its Muslim identity. He also commented on President Obama’s Nobel Peace Prize, calling it undeserved.
Stand out performance has to go to in my opinion Ashley Zhangazha who brilliantly plays Kunle (Mama’s adopted son). Taken in by Mama and educated and groomed to go into politics and seen and as the new young hope for the town, despite his age he knows all too well that in order to make a change he has to lie in bed with the Lions to make a change and ultimately change them. Something Kayode doesn’t understand because he’s not Nigerian!
Whilst others celebrate the holiday, there is something oddly nice about being in Britain on such days and amongst such patriotism and strive for tradition. We’ve got our weeks of the Olympics coming up and before that, The Queen’s Jubilee – and even the colours of the British flag stand proud and look good at times such as this. It’s quite nice! So here’s a bit of Britishness for May Day!
Obama: So, what's on the list for his name?
With the new season well and truly underway, and a recent spate of Bank Holidays, it was time to dust off the list of garden projects. You know the ones that you’re always meaning to get round to, never quite the right time to start etc. Well with a burst of energy I got the first of the 2011 Two Chances Projects completed:
- Their selection of pet food and frozen food was very limited, which basically means we need to go to a second grocery store to finish our trip. How much is it to ask to have a ONE-STOP grocery store that has everything you need so you don’t need to waste your weekends grocery store hopping?
It's an unlikely secret, considering it is located just across Vermont Place from the large and popular Highland Park. Construction on the first two basins of the reservoir, as a place to collect water flowing from streams in Queens and on Long Island, began in 1856. A third basin was added later, but when Brooklyn joined Manhattan to become part of New York City in 1898, the borough had access to a superior water supply, from the Croton Reservoir in Westchester. The last time the Ridgewood Reservoir was used to store water was during a major drought in 1965. The outer basins were drained in 1989, and it has essentially been sitting there, right next to the Interboro (now Jackie Robinson) Parkway.
this is my first nomination ever since i’ve started blogging in december, and i’m so honored and happy!
Vixen Gaga clad in red lingerie emerges next, face made-up the same as the Polar-Bear Gaga, and these are juxtaposed with pristine Madonna-clone Gaga, who looks pained, screaming and is revealed to be wearing the same bat-like hat/headpiece as the reptilian second Monster Gaga. Polar-Bear Gaga does the big reveal for the suitor while the viewer gazes at the scene, Super-Fashion Gaga fires the gun, and the suitor's bed begins to burst into flames as Vixen Gaga comes into her own and pristine Madonna-Gaga weeps over the corruption of self by lust (romance gone wrong). Polar-Bear Gaga stands in a pose resembling the opening tableau, in the bedroom but not of it. Vixen Gaga triumphs and we get a dirty-legged, smoking, Grotesque Gaga lying in bed next to the skeleton of her suitor, her tits shooting sparks through her bra, the final tableau. She is now the stereotyped sexually "hot" female, sitting and smoking after destroying the suitor with sex, but that's the cliche, isn't it, a monster's been created.
Our challenge this week is particularly appropriate for some of us, given the weather forecast - SNOW! It can be anything snowy but please remember, you must have some stamping on whatever it is you have made. One lucky winner will be getting a lush paper pad from Crafty Emma's store - perfect for those last-minute cards.
We've had to engage a new nounou for Fry, as his last one is expecting a baby in a couple of months. Poor thing will have his third nounou and very much likely a fourth before it's over, as this one is only available until April. I'm super annoyed with the situation, but at least he has a place to go with a couple of two year olds to play with once a week, with a nounou with 30 years experience, so I'm still trying to Let it Slide when I can. He starts this afternoon and then goes all day on Fridays starting this week. I think he desperately needs to spend more time around little people his age and I hate that it's only once a week, but once we move back into high season next April that will increase. Oh Tiny Town, I sincerely hope that you'll see the back of us one day!!
Jalan Upland, Off Simpang Tiga,
* Visit www.pfpchallenge.com/Kroger to make your pledge to lose weight and to get more information and to find tools to change your life for the better. It is free, easy and only takes a minute to make a change that can help you and help the hungry in your local community.
Sam: I have super powers, can't get hurt. It's a real thing.
About Sheréa: Sheréa VéJauan has committed herself to do something everyday to accomplish her goals”. For extra accountability, she has committed to writing a public blog at http://vejauan365.wordpress.com. She is the author of Goals Journal 2012: Write.Balance.Inspire. She is also the author of, Realistically Speaking: Speaking What’s Real. . . KeepingWhat’s Holy, 101 Inexpensive and Easy Ways to Promote YOUR Church Event!, Everything you need to know about Pinterest, How to make or save money with Fiverr.com and a few others.
I did say I am ready to rev things up around here. Now it's time to find out what exactly I meant,so let me just type it out and we can find out together.
“How do I experience serenity?”… “can we meditate”.. “Do you meditate ALL day?”.. “How do you turn off the noise in your head”… Etc etc etc etc etc
This coffee porter was recommended by our main man Larry at the Specs in Northwest Houston. A very interesting beer as one would think the beers from Hawaii would be lighter beers, like the ones in Mexico. Pours smooth. It has a strong coffee smell, kind of like a bitter coffee bean smell. It's deep dark opaque brown, with a strong tan head. The first draught, WOW!! It has a monster bitter coffee bean flavor. This one would be good for tastings, as it could throw the swill drinkers for a loop. I'm not getting the backbone I was hoping for, basically a medium body. It's lowly hopped, and kind of is a basic say porter with coffee in it. 3 Star.
Also, like everywhere, they are camera shy. I always try and engage in conversation with them, letting my camera in my bag or have it casually hanging on my hand...
There may be others to add to this list, but this is a pretty good snapshot of the general wealthy and young public, I think.
Young and middle age women with perfect figure look very hot and dazzling in red sarees. Red sarees comes in several styles and fabrics. One can get red sarees in fabrics like cotton, georgette, crepe, silk, nylon, tericotton and variety of other fabrics. These sarees are available with embroidery work, rubber print, Bengali style, Gujarati style, zari work, sequence work and other styles. Red Indian Bandhani saree is a preferred choice for every woman. They look very sensational and amazingly hot in beautifully designed Bandhani saree. They right combination of blouse and jewelry gives a very complete look to women. Women can wear sarees on all occasions from kitty party to wedding occasion. Sarees are available in various shades of red. Stylish women can explore the market to get a perfect saree that can fit their figure and suit their personality.
So when we’re trying to figure out, “Is it safe for me to take a little walk tonight?” we end up flashing on a pile of maggot-covered bodies, courtesy of CSI. Bodies of people murdered by strangers. Result? ”Maybe I’ll just stay in.”
here is a picture of baird's first pool experience last weekend, which he loved by the way. one of my students saw the picture and said "Mrs. Walton, I can't believe you would put your baby underwater"... so fyi, the goggles are just for show.
You better know what you want
(I hope I tell my own loved ones enough times that they KNOW it to be true.) xoxo
‘Why do you say that?’
Pure happiness when I feel you punching to the beat of the tune I'm humming, and know you already have rhythm from within the womb!
PALTROW
self-conscious. I was only 3 or 4 and I would dance to any music.
Stop talking on your cell phone, bitch! Passing me at 90 and then slowing down to 70 because your phone rings is just NOT on! Decide on a speed and stick with it! And get a better hair cut! That mullet is just wrong. Otherwise, I will say that Missouri has the BEST roads. All beautifully paved, smoothly banked and a joy to drive on.
Folding Attic Stairs (FAS) owned a patent for a process for manufacturing a folding attic stairway. It sued The Loft Stairs Company and its owner for infringement; the defendants counterclaimed for revocation on the grounds of anticipation and obviousness.
“Well, it’s my PT boat. There are a bunch of them under that tree over by the check-in shack.” He turned his head and nodded in the direction of the old post office building that had long since been closed for its initial purpose. He never took his eyes of the sleek PT boat, ever in its quest for more Jap raiders. “Go get you one and help me fight off these Japs.”
My experiences of being jerked at by those types of girls are countless. You would not want to read another exceptionally-long post of mine so I am not going any further.
Christmas Eve. Magi travelling. Those magi fascinate me, they do, they really do…priests, warriors, interpreters of dreams, seekers, bearers of prophetic gifts.
I swear this thing is giving me nothing but food lately. That’s ok. Food is a total treat to draw. And speaking of —
Does this mean you should always persist and never give up? Certainly not. Sometimes giving up is clearly the best option.
Love you
42. ABSTRACT COMICS: THE ANTHOLOGY
I almost show her where my ghost sits- inside the small tunnel that leads back to the gate- but I decide to leave him alone.
Co-created by Stan Lee, the legendary writer-editor behind Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four, X-Men and the Incredible Hulk, among others, Iron Man made his first appearance in the pages of Marvel’s comic books in 1963. The super hero’s trek to the big screen began in 1990, when Universal Studios purchased the film rights from Marvel. The rights were later sold to 20th Century Fox and then New Line Cinema before Marvel Studios re-acquired them in 2006. The $150 million movie was the first to be financed completely by Marvel, which together with the distributor, Paramount Pictures, poured another $75 million into a wide-ranging marketing campaign.
Believe it or not, it was so much fun. However, I do want to try cutting felt with my Cricut at some point because I found some of the most adorable paperdolls SVG files online and I would love to see how they turn out with felt!
Ron Perlman is also in the movie and although he’s not given the most prominent role, this is one of the better performances I’ve seen from him in recent years. He actually gives off a fairly menacing vibe, and I probably wouldn’t want to sit next to him on a bus. He’s rather vulgar.
This is my second purchase of this eyeliner pencil . I bought this for Rs. 360 Pkr. It glides on smoothly as an eyeliner and inside eye as a kohl pencil . I use it mostly as a kohl pencil because it has UV filters and vitamin E in it and it is ophthalmologically tested too. It provides intense black color. The product claims that it is water proof , but actually it is not . It smudges too ( if you use it as a kohl pencil ) , but i think it is okay because i live in the part of the world where weather is hot & humid mostly and my eye lids are oily too. Over all it is an average eye liner product.
1/2 c. light molasses
Rush Hour Jr.- We first started playing this at the gelato place. We quickly realized it was much less expensive to just by the game, rather than go to the gelato place to play it :) We have almost gone through the entire deck of puzzles. We love this game.
Certainly it is highly significant that what Mordecai had done in reporting the plot of the 2 rebellious doorkeepers is being remembered on the 17th day of the 2nd month.
So, there's my full disclosure. Hopefully this will help people better understand where I'm coming from, because what I want is to create some productive discussion between us all. I want to fix this. I'm not nearly self centered enough to think that I and my itty bitty blog can actually change the public discourse, but I do think that I can offer a place where these discussions can happen, and so I'm going to try. There shouldn't be two different groups fighting each other: we should be one group, working together.
The trees are alive! She wandered
She still stares exactly as she did that very first time, that kind of unwavering, uncompromising stare that actors try to perfect in order to be dubbed 'the new Pacino'. For the rest, she’s constantly changing, evolving.
BBC – Judges at the International Criminal Court in The Hague have ordered the accused in its first case – Thomas Lubanga from Democratic Republic of Congo – to be freed.
wage will get done.
We put a (recycled) paper on top of the painted leaf and then with a brayer, we went over the leaf few times, making sure the leaf and paper wouldn’t move, so the print was clear.
Following a two-day hearing late last month, the Motion Picture Association succeeded in an action which it brought against a major internet service provider, BT to invoke Section 97A of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 so as to require BT to take direct action to block the website NewzBin2 (which, since June 2010, was in effect the resurrected version of NewzBin, using the same code and database as its predecessor but this time being hosted offshore from the Seychelles). A fairly joyous joint media release from what seems like a representative selection of the top faces in the rights-owners' camp, reports as follows:
I spent last weekend with a great group of students at Washington Family Ranch, but it didn’t start out so great.
I've been wanting to read this one for a while, ever since I first saw the cover. (Yes, I confess: book covers go a long way in catching my attention). This is a great summer read, and would be a wonderful choice for crashing on the beach or in the backyard. I read it during February, a very cold part of February, however - and it was like escaping winter for a mini summer vacation.
Police & Thieves Radio Advert #1
I'll still be around sharing things regularly and sponsoring various challenges every month.
Then, it occurred to me. I remembered what don Howard had told me. In about three months, look for the changes in your life! Here I was at just that point in time and everything was being stirred up and changed in the most sensitive area of my life: my security! It was Fearful – and that made me think of what I had experienced in my first vision. Now I could compare this fear with real FEAR itself, something I had gone through and survived. Once I understood this, I felt a strange calm come over me. This new situation was not truly fearful. Not compared to the real thing! This was something in motion with a purpose and I could and would survive it and even use it! Change had been forced into action, along with me, but I had a pad of time and income to create something new!
So we brought the food to the jeep. Wayne turned on the radio and "A Stairway to Heaven" was playing.
The prize? Just the satisfaction of knowing you did better than the BBC.
Random observations from the game:
Sforno, citing Vayikra Rabbah, says that the Torah’s account of the bayit menuga is there to remind us of the destruction of the two Temples and, he says, the purification and construction of a third. And it isn’t so crucial to go through the details of this. But I think that what Sforno is getting at is that the idea of home, is intimately connected to the idea of loss. Home and loss go together.
Overall, the results bode well for other client-reaming organisations, perhaps signaling an era of rising profits across the whole client-screwing, client-shafting, client-felching and client-doinking sectors.
ignoring that their motivation might not be gear. Doesn’t it?
Ya gotta love a guy that just keeps on giving. In this instance, Levi Johnston. You remember him. Sure ya do. Remember….he was the guy who brought on stardom, fame and fortune to Bristol Palin by having sex with her. So whys stop there when you can bring stardom, fame and fortune to another deserving woman.
Some day I'll see it for myself.
Emily Luker won with that poem. She says writing it helped her think about what good relationships look like and that is the coalition’s ultimate goal.
BARISAN Nasional MPs criticised the controversial Malaysia Airlines (MAS) and AirAsia share swap deal during the Budget debate.
Some of the awesomeness was due to my learning buddies Chickeee & Elsie; we used to work together in what now seems like a previous life, but now have moved onto new and exciting things and my how we've grown! We all have so much common experience and understanding but our most recent experiences have given us different perspectives and edges that make us look the same on the outside but different underneath. It was a fascinating week.
For there was something fundamentally very evil going on in that school, though my brothers and I were fortunately, miraculously untouched by it. During the years I was there, five of the ten teachers (three brothers and two laymen) were sexually abusing many of the boys entrusted to their care. One of them was the tall young brother teaching the class parallel to ours, a class in which I was often a guest on the (not infrequent) occasions when Mr. Mooney called in sick. His ready use of the cane ensured that he had no discipline problems. He also had the custom of having boys sit on his lap for long periods of time – fortunately, he had his particular pets and we guests were not selected for this “special” treatment.
T h a t 's i t !
Sweet Evil is a study in many things: love, fear, evil, good, and ultimately, what a person's soul is worth. There were a few moments when I feared it would stray into a territory too religious for my tastes (though if it had, I couldn't fault the author!) but Wendy Higgins managed to infuse Sweet Evil with a sense of spirituality, and something else: hope. Even in a story that, at times, was dark and things seemed hopeless and inevitable for Anna, somehow, the darkness never quite overcame the light. Sweet Evil isn't preachy, and I think a lot of people tend to see books as either religious or not - a spiritual tone gets lost in the mass labeling. But Wendy Higgins knows when and where to use that approach, and how to do it right, and make it all seem fitting, and more of a "good versus evil" approach. There are times when Anna prays, and other such religious mentions, but none of it is ever over-done, or handled poorly; if anything, it is lovingly done, which really impressed me, to have all that going on there, kind of battling the dark.
the invincible courage of youth, neither being able to imagine the fate which lies before them. He will die defending Thorin at the Battle of the Five Armies. Turner is the star of BBC's hit show BEING HUMAN.
- NYX jumbo eye pencil in black
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place lentils in a small saucepan and cover with water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil; reduce to simmer. Cover and cook until the lentils are tender but still hold their shape, about 20-22 minutes. Drain well and cool.
First let me start with the scenery and then later in the week I'll get into the stories.
TapIn Places, its all about your daily check-in places by tap.
I requested and have been graciously given the chance to teach second grade next year. I'm very excited and also nervous.
However, collaboration is even stronger in academic writing since most (if not all) academic writing is in response to someone’s ideas, writings, or actions. Ideas building upon ideas and responding to them as if they were themselves alive is one of the foundations of academic writing. Even though the original author and an essay writer (usually) are not actively writing with each other in a collaborative effort to create a stronger argument, the end work is still a product of multiple consciences, and is, therefore, a type of collaborative harmonization. Independent of if one is tearing down another’s argument or adding to it, the work cannot exist without the first person’s claims since it is a union of multiple ideas. Going further, whenever someone reads, sees, or hears something, the subconscious absorbs a thought or a phrase that sounded interesting and makes it available during writing later. That writer now has been influenced by another, and no longer writes alone. Since everyone, at some point, has read or heard something, it is safe to say that all writing is collaborative in some aspect, even if one is unaware of it.
During the 1970s and ‘80s, many South Los Angeles residents were able to make a middle-class living working in manufacturing and aerospace. But those jobs disappeared when those employers closed up shop, resulting in mass layoffs.
Unlike the armed services, the founders, the work we do or the planet, for most Americans the arts, and especially that seemingly esoteric, occasionally controversial art form called “jazz,” just don’t occupy the same ideological real estate. Yet according to most musicians and journalists, jazz is far more popular and respected outside the United States. In other words, International Jazz Day might be most needed on the national scene of the music’s birthplace.
The other most important strategy that I would put out there is to get a big study group of competent students. Several professors recommend getting study groups to go over concepts. I would like to emphasize a very important social aspect here, the importance of becoming acquainted with smart students. That’s right, the students in class that are often participating well in class ( or you have seen as TA’s more than once, or that you’ve consistently caught on the corner of your eye with very high grades on quizzes when they are handed back) are the ones that you want to become acquaintances with and propose to study together. Great people surround themselves with great people. If you are in a class with a curve, would you rather study with someone that knows the material better than you so they can help you, or would you rather have someone dragging you down? Don’t get me wrong, i’m not advising that students completely use other students to rely their success on others, all i’m saying is the better your study group, strictly the better you’ll study and learn. Study groups can save you countless hours when trying to grasp that new super tricky abstract concept that Ord just introduced and that you’re supposed to write 800 lines of code on. Groups work, as long as you still have time to study on your own to make sure you cover everything you need to cover.
I know...five days too late. It's the 6th and I have already broken almost all of my resolutions. But, it's also early enough to start over. Armed with a new hair color (Blonde!), I am ready to take on 2012.
– Nancy R.
2. No area of forensics should be off-limits to scientific inquiry. Currently, the statute prohibits the Forensic Science Commission from investigating fingerprint examinations, breath-testing and digital evidence. All prohibitions should be removed and the Commission should be permitted to investigate all forensic science it deems necessary.
My final entry for my basic days, and only non-fighter, the thief Greenan. Greenan was a lawful thief, but had no problem breaking and entering when he needed to. I seem to remember taking his name from the novelization of Willow, where Willow is casting a spell, one of the words he says is greenan. But, Greenan's story hasn't ended, he appeared again (after some 20+ years!) in a campaign of mine last year as an NPC that helped the PCs. It was great, because the whole time they didn't trust him, and he saved their asses when they needed it most. I sort of based him off the gyrocopter pilot in the Road Warrior, thought he'd be great as a thief. (Please note: this image was taken from one of my books, you can still see the faint rectangle around his head)
I know, so cute!
So, point by point, then:
Venturing off to the antique malls around town I searched for something
Sadly, neither of these little pick-me-ups seemed to help my game. Gary easily won the first game – it was like 159 to 68 or something like that. Oh well. Then he taught me the ole swing-your-leg-back trick, and my second game score shot up like a rocket. Well, not exactly like a rocket. It did go up to 140 though. I surprised myself. But he still beat me with a 160 or something like that.
August Concerts
Tom: Brady has all day to throw the ball, touch down, extra point. (10-9, N.E.) Halftime, Madonna.
What has God accomplished through you? Can you think of a time when He used you in an amazing way? How did you know it was God at work through you? How did He use you to touch the world for Him?
“If you love those who love you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners love those who love them. If you do good to those who do good to you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners do the same. If you lend to those from whom you hope to receive, what credit is that to you? Even sinners lend to sinners, to receive as much again. But love your enemies, do good, and lend, expecting nothing in return. Your reward will be great, and you will be children of the Most High; for he is kind to the ungrateful and the wicked. Be merciful, just as your Father is merciful.
spring again perennial
The train of Christ now runs through history, picking up riders who made the switch.
For now let’s look at a development that is genuine cause for alarm, which is the exploitation of the African Sahel by Al Qaeda. Deutsche Welle ran this lengthy piece about the Sahel being used as a transshipment point for drugs from Latin America into Europe:
Jacob already knew what he would find under the pointed roof before he started climbing the steep spiral stairs. He had to keep freeing his boots from the thorny tendrils, but finally he was standing in front of a room where, two hundred years earlier, a Fairy had delivered her birthday present.-p. 103
Following the marriage, the couple will live in north Wales, where Prince William will continue to serve with the Royal Air Force.
I decided to have a play with my Pan Pastels last night and rather than make a project do some stamping and see where it lead me. I ended up with a master sheet which will be used in some birthday cards that I need to make. I did some stamping with Versamark and also used a stencil, the layers are building up nicely but I think that it still needs some more. You can also see some Crafty Individuals stamps, they will also be featuring in the said birthday cards !
This morning was much better than yesterday’s class. My body was far more cooperative and it felt so so good to stretch this morning. The class was with a teacher I’ve never had before. It is great to have the opportunity to take class with various teachers at Yoga Vida, experiencing their different styles of teaching and what their trade marks are. Todays class had a whole lotta chatarungas. I might be a freak because I love me some chaturanga, but wow doing a lot of them at the beginning of class is tough!
Janeway would tear them new assholes for not bringing her any of that awesome Vulcan coffee she’s heard so much about.
In Sime Darby and E&O’s case though, all three vendors of the 30% block will still hold a collective 12% stake in E&O post-transaction.
Shredded Parmesan Cheese, optional
THE WINNER: ROBBIE E.
You are unique and valuable.
Q – Is there good reason for concern at UDeCOTT’s operations, or is it a case of politically-motivated attacks?
Glen Beck fans will probably love this book. Now I have nothing against Glen Beck, but I'm not a big fan either. I enjoy watching him on television, but I normally don't watch his show. This book is probably a best seller because Beck's name is on it.
And his name has been decided: The Conductor.
2. Work in 90 minute cycles (tons of science is now confirming that this is the optimal work to rest ratio).
I had a terrible dream last night where my mom and dad were central characters, and they both were basically telling me that I sucked as a human being, and they liked me the least out of any of their kids.
When I feel like my kids are being too loud and annoying other people it makes me cranky with them. This makes me sad because I feel like a lot of the time we expect our kids to be adults instead of just letting them be kids. I guess I need to work on that.
I vowed to make this a place that gives the children a respite from their pain, a friendly home where they would know joy, even just for a little while. Our loving supporters and partners filled this space with wonder and beauty and enchantment. A place children don’t want to leave, a place where they feel like they belong.
In a court of law the criminal is brought in shackled and chained. But he is naked. The judge is naked. The attorneys are naked. All twelve jurors are naked.
And I can feel after every line
Now I'm about to do another fear-inducing act with a pole. A new friend who's organizing a fund raiser for Be the Match has asked me to do the pole dancing skit that I created three years ago for The Big C. And, just like I knew that poking the cat with a needle was for a good cause, I'm going to shed my fear because 100% of the evening's proceeds will assist with adding new potential bone marrow donors to the Be the Match registry.
(unfolding paper to read my notes)
To make the topping, melt butter and stir in sugar and cinnamon, then allow to cool. Whisk eggs well and stir into cooled mixture.
AND HEALS ALL YOUR DISEASES,
Paper: Whisper White, So Saffron
Author events are unnatural. Authors need training and advice to make that important connection with the audience. I always say, “Be humble and self-deprecating. Talk a little bit about the genesis of your book. Read from your book for five minutes - ten, if you must. Take questions for 30 minutes and play the guitar, if possible.” I’m kidding about the guitar, sort
OK, whenever you use bullets you've got to explain each bullet (exception: the Israeli Defense Forces). So here we go. Israeli oppression is ongoing. It is, thus, different from France's support of the Hutus, which is horrible and regrettable but, in the end, past history.
824 D-XII/13/1981. “A Tribute to Marvin Mirsky.” Prelude, Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
* Spirituality in Hospice Care
Katherine and Mark had trouble with part of the routine, but I've never seen Mark get upset with his partner. They'd show it for sure if that happened during rehearsal, and I can't recall his doing it. Their Viennese waltz was pretty and elegant. Katherine didn't seem as graceful as usual to me, and the judges thought so, too. Wow! The judges are arguing again! The audience boos. The judges get huffy. What a night! They really liked this waltz. Score: 26
I went to a bookfair and came back with several books and manga XD but that's not important..
And this gets us to present day...
It is easy to love this friend.
What was your biggest challenge during your treatment?
These souls are part of the crust of darkness that helps prevent the light of god getting through to us as easy as it perhaps should. They are left there by the dark to do just that to populate and pollute the routes to the higher heavenly places..this makes the spiritual journey more difficult, and why so many people struggle to get true understanding..in order to get through this horde your energy has to be crisp, clean and embrace light. the more light you have the more you move towards the celestial realms and the more your perception will grow.
wasn't using these people well, it would just come across as very
Heat a tsp of oil in a pan; add mustard seeds, cumin seeds.
numbers at the end. I gasped, grabbed my inhaler and then unfriended him.
Here's the thing fashion blogs and site applaud such behaviour...
110g unsalted butter, at room temperature
I found a beautiful set of keyholes with keys and this keyhole was one of my faves! I sewed it on with a little bit of silk velvet behind the hole.
The story begins with Marlowe helping a stranger named Terry Lennox. They strike up a brief acquaintance. One morning Lennox appears on the detective’s doorstep and asks for assistance. Marlowe helps him flee the country, an action that makes him an unwitting accessory in the murder of Lennox’s wife. Soon after Lennox’s flight, Marlowe hears news of his suicide. The twists and turns of the plot are especially gripping since Marlowe is personally involved in the case. His life is continually at risk.
Midget girls softball tryouts Today and Thursday this week at Somerset school from 3:15 – 4:15.
New Directions and their Warbler rivals had a “Bad” showdown in a parking garage over who sings MJ at Regionals. Sebastian (Grant Gustin) threw a rock-salt slushee that cut Blaine’s cornea. Santana (Naya Rivera) got Sebastian to confess with a “Smooth Criminal” sing-off. Kurt (Chris Colfer) brought the rival groups together to sing “Black or White.”
If you know that you are a spirit having a human experience and that life is meant to be just that, an experience, then you are not afraid of what life throws at you.
So please, please help:
Me & Ladybug are having a good time. I've had to get down and play with her more, something I realized I didn't ever really do. She always had one or both brothers to play with her. She's also had to make some new friends.She loves to color and loves to read books, and I found her in her room the other day putting one of her dolls in it's bed, in the doll house. She's just being a little mommy. She runs to give Squirt a hug everyday at his classroom door at 10:45, and she screams with excitement when she see's Little Man walking towards the car at 3:00.
The reason is that thousands of drivers arrested for DWI are being allowed to plead guilty to lesser crimes such as reckless driving or obstructing a roadway. Such plea deals allow them to escape alcohol counseling and driver’s license restrictions, according to testimony before the Senate panel in July by police officials, prosecutors and judges.People aren't being prosecuted under the existing laws, so how about a whole new law that will criminalize more people? I guess that this makes some sort of sense in Austin.
There was a moment of panic in our house when mermaid fell tragically behind my daughter's bed.. but she was soon rescued.. and all is well again. :)
When it finally came time to perform the two, short monologues we were to have prepared I was very nervous but I gave it my all. I couldn’t possibly reveal now what ridiculously poor choices I had made in those pieces, but I’m grateful I didn’t know that at the time. I had them memorized. I knew what I was saying, even perhaps why, and I knew all the right words to emphasize! (Yikes.) I’m grateful too that the long row of auditors—about five or six, older men and women, with serious looks on their faces, and notes and resumes and papers strewn about on the tables in front of them, with just me in a big empty rehearsal space standing alone, feeling vulnerable and on the edge —I’m grateful they politely listened, and thanked me for my time.
Music: Philip Green
The dress is on sale right now for $89 from the regular price of $99. I think you will agree that this is an exceptional price for such a stunning dress.
Average smile count: 1 or 2
Almost, but not quite. Fingerless mitts can help extend the “dining al fresco” season just a bit. And so I offer you my newest pattern: Leaves of Three, a pair of beaded lace fingerless mitts. It's now available on Ravelry and in my Etsy shop.
revealed and have a chance to win a set each day!
Today I'm going to be finishing up my packing, tying up loose ends, getting the last few things I need for the mish, and getting set apart. Then tomorrow at 1:20 I board a plane for Utah, and I then MTC it up starting Wednesday! I'm so incredibly excited!
And, as the afternoon moon,
I was so happy that the visitors from Australia came to Kolky. It made me so proud to show off my village, and be the expert around town. It was also a learning opportunity for me, my colleagues, the students, and the guests. Truly a win-win-win-win! Their exploration of family history and pursuing relationships with the people from where there ancestors came from has sparked a new interest in me. Hopefully I'll be able to learn more about my family history over Winter Break in the States. As Mick and Julie know, a long and often incomplete search, but a process that is certainly adventurous and meaningful.
Good morning to you; I hope your weekend is off to a great start. Unfortunately I didn't get any photos last night with Lily and the grands-Hunter is still pretty unsure of his new home and family and being a bit timid I decided not to press our luck. He didn't even play with Lily like we thought he would. So far, he is easy and I'm hoping that in the coming days he'll relax and feel totally comfortable with us. Bedtime was one source of uncertainty; he knew to lie down on his bed but it was a hot night and I could tell he wasn't used to the heat or being without his old pack. He would come and sit up next to the bed(he probably already has me figured out, being a softie). So after he kept roaming(I was afraid he might have an accident), I held him for awhile but he kept panting a lot, so I took him downstairs for some water. At that point, it was so much cooler downstairs that I decided to just sleep on the couch-after all he had been really comfortable on it earlier in the evening. He did really well throughout the night and let me know at 3:15 a.m. that he needed out-he went out and then headed back in. He fell back to sleep, and woke up ready to play around 5:30a.m.
And Tricky Dick wasn't even here to supervise. Good job.
Ten years later Snow Angel was published and won the ForeWord magazine Romance Book of the Year winner, was a National “Best Books 2007” Awards winner, and a 2008 RITA Awards® Best First Book finalist. It was the beginning of her dream career.
Even after things calmed down, I was never comfortable. I was still the outcast, in my own group of friends.
This movie gave me a LOT to think about. If you liked He's Just Not that Into You then you'll totally be into Think Like a Man. I love movies with different story lines that all come together at the end, and I love a good chick flick. Thankfully, this movie is both! Plus, the guys in this movie are absolutely hilarious. These dudes are the male version of the group in Bridesmaids. It was great! And with all the different characters represented in this movie, you're sure to find at least one you can relate to.
This is all that good storytelling embodies; Someone who wants something and someone standing in their way. How badly they want it and how strongly the other resists, well that’s a mark of how good a story can be.
Things are more controlled here in Weston. I will celebrate the 10 AM Mass in the community and then walk all the way across the driveway to my room. Later this week I will head to Plymouth for the Triduum and return on Easter Monday.
When my mom met my dad she was an eighteen year old baby (I'm sure she was a mature eighteen year old baby, but she was a baby nonetheless). After he swept her off her feet at Ricks College, he carried her to none other than the booming metropolis of Moses Lake, Washington (which was even less booming in those days, I'm sure, than it is now). They lived on the farm land of Gene and Opal Merkley, and as a service to the couple, in return for getting to live on their land for free, my dad helped care for Gene's cattle that lived in a pasture next to my parents' house. This farm was about a zillion miles from town, a reality magnified by the fact that my parents only had one car (a two-door Chevy Chevette with no air conditioning), which my dad drove to work every morning, leaving my mom car-less, surrounded by sage brush and dust, and I'm sure wondering what in the blue blazes she had gotten herself into (that's what I would have been thinking, anyway), while she tried to adjust to life on a farm, something she knew nothing about at the time.
12 A THIRD of the world's population is at war. In 2002, 30 countries were fighting in 37 armed conflicts - a combined population of 2.29 billion people.
Is it more about what we do with the copy than the actual act of copying?
I think it is a mockery of India made for the viewing pleasure of westerners. I did not find any soul of the movie. It worked just because of the British direction and production. It is a clever well-timed production.
In my industry of marketing and advertising, creativity is King! If your idea is a failure one of the main issues that you may have is a a lack of good old fashioned creativity and ingenuity. Its tough though, when you are trying to stay on top of your payroll, health benefits, taxes, inventory, staffing, etc., to learn how to use social media effectively and produce effective ads that will drive customers through your doors, websites or cause your phone to ring. That’s where American outsourcing comes in.
After spending time with the Lord in the word and devotionals I check my email only to find this amazing email from Lead Like Jesus.
The pile I'm most proud of is my pile of batteries. I call it the "WTF am I gonna do with all these goddamn batteries" pile. My second favorite pile is the "miscellaneous pieces of paper" pile. My organizational skills know no limits!
Aubrey is determined in her faithfulness. Theodore cares deeply in his loyalty and friendship, even if he forsakes his comfort just to help a best friend. Alex is wordy in his responses and descriptions, which is a fault to him—but a beauty to me. Andy calls it as he sees it, and he is relatively fearless. Laramie is a frilly-patterned dove that only gives a pretty smile to the judgmental world.
MediaWatch is a new feature on our website that examines the coverage and editorial position of the public print and broadcast media.
Soak in the heat
In His own good time He’ll call us,
What lead you to create your blog/blogs?
It wasn’t even worth it to grab the watchbox. Part of me wants him to see it and think of me each and every time. I am going to be his “one that got away.” He’s already texting.
Now onto the new sock!!
Attorney with the law firm of Guthrie, Davis, Henderson & Staton
The union had demanded that the image be taken down, following a "number of complaints" from Muslims suggesting that the image was offensive to their sensibilities. There's no mention, incidentally, of any complaints coming from Christians, although the image of Jesus in the cartoon is every bit as satirical and thus potentially "offensive" as that of Mohammed.
It has always been a mystery to me why Esther asks the king and Haman to come to her banquet, and then her only request at that banquet is for them to come to another banquet held TOMORROW. I don’t understand the full spiritual implications of exactly why Esther asks for a 2nd banquet; but one thing we can be sure of, is that this allows the Lord to tie in the banquet of wine with the 17th day of the 2nd month. The 2nd banquet of wine, held on the very next day would be the 17th day of the 2nd month. Now we have a match. Now we have a strong tie in with the flood account, and with May 21, 2011. We have a lock on a particular date in Esther. And since this date is locked in to the Day of Judgment, we can see how the rest of the timeline is Esther must be looked at very carefully.
The female guards working at Rikers Island are sex-starved and promiscuous with the prisoners they are there to keep in line, says a former guard.
K, moving right along. This weekend I had a girls’ night with my academic mum, who rocks my world every time I see her, another Bobby who is ab fab (this stands for Absolutely Fabulous, in case you are abbreviation-deficit like I am), and my going-out soulmate, because we can say ridiculous things to each other and understand that they are ridiculous things to say.
Have I mentioned how I am trying to find the Spirit of Christmas this year, or not even the Spirit of Christmas per se, but to just not hate the holiday so much? I swear I am really really trying, but man if I didn't know better I would swear the universe is fighting back.
I am at a loss, really for what to do with myself now. It was good to get away this past weekend and have conversations with real people, instead of obsessing over the election.
In the midst of the current cartel landscape, which has radically shifted over the past year, it is difficult for any type of balance to be found. There are also very few levers with which the Calderon government can apply pressure to help force the shifting pieces into alignment. In the near term, perhaps the only hope for striking a balance and reducing the violence is that the New Federation is strong enough to kill off organizations like Los Zetas, the BLO and the Juarez cartel and assert calm through sheer force. However, while the massed forces of the New Federation initially made some significant headway against Los Zetas, the former special operations personnel appear to have rallied, and Los Zetas’ tactical skills and arms make them unlikely to be defeated easily.
Now I’m on to other thoughts straining to get out of my head. OK, maybe not straining, but I haven’t had to write blah, blah, blah in years. Almost forgot-
BENT is gone, which is no surprise considering how NBC burned off the show then set its ashes on fire.
they will return for me, I know.
There is some racism and Hemingway does take a sexist attitude towards his then wife Pauline Pfeiffer who, for some obscure reason, he refers to throughout the book as P.O.M (Poor Old Mama) and behaves in a patronising, dismissive manner towards her calling her ‘little woman’ but it is important to keep it in perspective and remember the book was written in 1935, not exactly the most enlightened period in
The brakes were wet, no response,
In business operations today, being all physically located in one location is not as important as it was decades ago, due to improved technology and connectedness.
And, glaring in our collective memory, is the hubris of the Titanic builders who boasted it was unsinkable and the cruel irony that it sank on its maiden voyage. Affirming Man’s fallibility and powerlessness in the face of Mother Nature, deceitfully portrayed by a glistening iceberg, the Titanic tragedy is a reminder of how small we are. In the vastness of the mighty ocean and under an endless dark sky studded with a myriad of stars and distant planets, the sinking of the great Titanic is, even today, a lesson of humility and reverence.
1. Unpack and Repack- I move into my apartment in Hershey at the medical center where my externship is in less than two weeks, but before I pack up all my belongins for that, I must first unpack everything form school. This starts TONIGHT.
Uh, oh, another kid thing. He's totally gonna kill his mom. Yet another threat to my husband watching this with me tomorrow. They brought it right down to the wire. Good thing Sam didn't knock! "Kid. This would be a really good time for a lesson in gratitude. Lucky for you, I'm too tired." Interesting that these two aren't more upset about Sam coming in here. Why do they seem to understand exactly what happened and aren't all freaked out?
Q: Sir, several news organizations have reported about a program that allows the administration to look into the bank records of certain suspected terrorists. My questions are twofold: One, why have you not gone to Congress to ask for authorization for this program, five years after it started? And two, with respect, if neither the courts, nor the legislature is allowed to know about these programs, how can you feel confident the checks and balances system works?
1 crystal
I have never been the same since that day. This is something I need to address with therapy, I realize. But something is different this year compared to all of the other anniversaries. Maybe it's been so painful that I've blotted it out all these years and this year, something in me won't. In the wake of all these resurfaced emotions, I can't watch the 9/11 recaps on TV because they make it worse. They bring up feelings that are so raw that I can't do anything with them. The event itself was also... so raw and horrible that it can't and maybe shouldn't be reconciled. We can't do anything to really "make it all better". 9/11 will never be made better, never be soothed, it can only be ignored and denied by some because it's simply too painful to look at head on.
Hope to see you soon!
Bad news: Lucas suspects Amelia's step-mother is the bad person.
After hearing from my sister, I did a google search for the words in the email, and it's a rather popular scam.
The charter school will still be moving in, which could create space and resource problems in the long run. But for now, parents celebrate their school's survival.
Employers really have the knack of wringing every last drop of joy out of your soul don't they.
Central State of Benue.
(red = summer, blue = autumn, white = winter, green = spring)
Just to trace my fingertips in your hand.
"Was it important, babes, or just phoning for a chat?" she questions me.
But late last year we heard rumors that the owners were going to re-open, and re-open it did, in the original town where it all started, in Nutley. However, “Little Saigon” is no longer — it has returned to business, with the same owners, as Huong Viet on Passaic Avenue, in a much more manageable space than its previous location.
Is Gogol Bordello's embrace of Ukrainian heritage and sonic stylings genuine or an affectation? Is it ironic or The New Sincerity (which is, as Tycho Brahe puts it, The Old Irony but with better PR")? Does it even matter? Combining punk with traditional Romany music (it is unfortunate the term "gypsy punk" caught on, but there's not much that can be done now) turned out to be inspired, and though the polemics of punk don't always mesh well with the more dance-oriented rhythms, but when the result is this much fun it's hard to care. Merging the Romany celebration of life with punk's sense of immediacy, throwing away its traditional nihilism, Gogol Bordello have crafted a record that simultaneously exhorts to live in an eternal now and fight for what you know to be right.
“Yellow Clay is in for it,” she said under her breath.
However, Robert reckons the rogue bullet may have been fired into his groin during a top-secret raid into Vietnam in 1971, when he was just 22.
I sat and really read the lyrics to this song...and I realized it is not about some chick getting drugs and dyig (like I assumed all music from that time was about...lol) but about people coming together and gaining wisdom, being at peace in the universe..that sort of stuff.
anymore =)
Who was grateful for each day and sight and experience.
Get It Together by JC Brooks & The Uptown Sound
Alexander Brailowsky seems to have fallen out of favor, judging by what recordings are being released on CD. His recording of Chopin's Polonaises is still very well regarded and available on CD. Some of his Chopin recordings appear on various Chopin "greatest hits" CDs. An early recording he made of the Preludes is available as an mp3 download. This recording is not on CD.
Relationships 101 – Brutalized by a Spouse, Surviving Ritual Child Sex Abuse
Then I got a message from Roly over at Sarchasm2. He was the very first blogger to ever reblog me! I still remember when he shared my post, “Backwards Thinking”. I was so surprised. I typically write about the happy-go-lucky chaos of our life, but that post was about some of the not-so-sunny things I have dealt with, namely racism. I cannot believe how much racism I have encountered while adopting bi-racial children, but the support I found in that post alone was so encouraging. Like I said, Roly was the first one to reblog me, and over the past few months, I have really enjoyed his posts, so when he said he wanted to give me the Sunshine Award for bringing Sunshine to his day, I was truly flattered. He’s one of those people who doesn’t let a disability get him down, and I always take inspiration from that. Plus, I love sunshine. I used to sing “You are my sunshine” to my babies, something about bright sunny days just brings a smile to my face. So, add “sunshine post” to the to-do list.
I walked to the bathroom for the first time by myself this day. Pretty exciting stuff. My IV came out. I had that IV in for over a week and my hand was hurting and swollen (if you see my hand in the light you can see it is still like one big bruise) I could hold down food and water pretty well at this point. Hal had to go back to Cambodia, which made me really sad. I kept waking up that night expecting him to be asleep on the couch. The itching finally stopped, but because my blood was so thin while I was scratching my legs started to look really gross, the blood had come to the surface of the skin and my legs were splotchy red for days.
Oh, Jesse, the The Little Man is watching you! Why you crying?
If City gets beaten by Newcastle, then the title is United’s to lose. If City beats either of the two, United will have to replicate the game against Arsenal where they scored a bountiful of goals in order to get the title.
“They’re our allies, love; you shouldn’t stare. No wait, Night Elves wouldn’t here yet, so stop imagining things and eat your lunch!”
And to date, all that has accomplished is a whiny, smirking mea culpa from the smug bastards running the new government.
When it was boiled, you could really smell the birch extract. That stuff is the "ZING!" flavor that Barq's has. It mellowed nicely in the keg though - YUMMY!
We also must employ biblical principles to ensure that we are not allowing sexual predators, and emotionally abusive parents and parishioners to walk among us without requiring accountability. Thank you Marko Hamlin for allowing me to pen your story, and for opening your mouth, your heart and your spirit to set other free. The best is truly yet to come.
____ Ability to laugh at yourself
Those perfect words, wasn’t reallly worth depending on. I guess we’d really have to end this video clip.
Have I ever mentioned how adorable bored and/or depressed anime girls are in my eyes. Just look at that face that tells us “this world is full of nothingness” and “I am a galactic deity, bow before my cuteness”.
Will be posting recipes, final photos and Weight Watchers point worth. Remember to check back!
Fellow blogger, Stacey Kimmel-Smith who writes at Behind the Bit, is a Rolex regular and as she says, Becky a BTB friend, suggested that they attend Thoroughbreds for All while at the prestigious 4 star event last weekend. Upon finding out that she would be attending TFA, I decided to ask her if she’d be so kind as to share her perspective on the event and allow it to be posted here, at Diligent Horse. Thank you Stacey!
Review: First off – the cover has nothing to do with anything in the book. Not sure where they came up with that illustration. As for a review, I was really disappointed in this book. I actually found myself trying to rush through it because I was so bored. I don’t like not completing books so I didn’t give up on it, but I felt like it was really poorly written and I didn’t enjoy any of the characters in the book. I felt like no real investigation happened (or was revealed to the reader to bring them into the story) until almost 3/4 into the novel. The first quarter is a set up of what happened, the middle is Zach staring at evidence while Savannah has meals with her old friends and/or suspects in the town, and finally towards the end, the action finally starts to pick up. Throw in some family secrets from Savannah’s past, and there’s the story. It just did not flow well, very little action to keep me interested, and the answer to who the killer was just seemed thrown together. Compared to all of the cozy mysteries that are out there, this definitely did not stack up. And for being a “mystery by the numbers”, not a whole lot of clues were given to the reader. It was one puzzle that Savannah got bit by bit and wasn’t even that interesting. Lastly, I felt like for half of the story there was a lot of tension between Savannah and Zach. It was like they were constantly taking jabs at each other and then saying “Just kidding” to make it not tense, or someone being jealous for no reason, or being selfish regarding their plans and/or how to proceed with investigation. It just seemed to me like they weren’t a very cohesive couple and just did not make them likable characters.
Luxury in Ezstergom. The hotel was built by the Soviets. It was in good condition and perfect for us. We had lunch on the hotel deck, lured by the low prices. It was very relaxing after the last couple of days and we were glad to be there. As we paid for lunch we saw a flyer that said dinner was 20 percent off if you were staying in the hotel so we made a reservation because the lunch had been very good and the discount made the dinner very reasonable.
So I watch Tony Mornero cut-the-fucking-rug and wonder how I can persuade SH to installing a lighted floor in our living room. He is a tough one. I can’t make people care about me,I can’t do a lot of things. But I can do a lot of things, I can try to help, I can dance. I can be free. There is nothing more powerful than joy, I can access that despite all the messages I get about how I do not deserve to be acknowledged. I can, I do, I will continue to do so, bastard, adoptee, exiled, scapegoat, whatev. You have no right to be so weak, I was never given that privilege. Grow-up before I slap you or just dance your pants-off.
It was like a sad party. Our house was filled with people, there was food there. We're shooting this movie together, doing all this romantic stuff together for the camera, and at the end of the day, when everyone leaves, I'd ask her if she'd stay over with me, and she always said "No I think I'd better go home."
The gist of it is that, as a consumer, she doesn't want to be consistently bombarded with complete geekery, that she considers beer the stuff that greases the wheels of sociability.
The will of nature is within you as your natural genius is within.
Below is the soundtrack/playlist for Provex City that I created during the writing of my first draft to reflect the mood I felt while envisioning the unfolding events. So each song fits a certain scene in the story. As I wrote, each scene played out like a movie, and the most memorable scenes in movies to me are scenes with powerful music.
In the meantime, one of my customers recommended another computer man. I gave him a call the next day and he sent his helper out. The helper had his young 4-5 year-old son with him. The son was into all of our knick-knacks and he made both Richard and me nervous wrecks. We thought that if he played with our dog, Swiffer, out in the backyard, perhaps he would use up some of his energy and be out of our hair for a while. That didn’t work. Swiffer barked at him so he came back in the house. He asked his dad several times when they would get to go fishing. The answer was, “As soon as I finish this job.”
P.S. I've been wanting to try Aurifil thread for quite some time but am not certain that it is sold anywhere locally. I searched online, and asked around to a few bloggers, and came across this website. They sell the 50wt cotton thread for $4 for the small spools and $10.50 for the large spools, with only $2 shipping to Canada and the U.S., no matter how large or small the order! I haven't received my order yet, but from what I understand the price is comparable to other places, and really, the shipping can't be beat.
Was also filled with cherishable memories.
Cheltenham 2012 threatened to cause another stir due to the sad losses suffered in the first two days of racing. However it is refreshing that time has been taken to look at the issues based on longer term statistics and a view that, whilst very sad, the deaths of horses over what has historically been a safe cross country course, was an anomaly. Calm deliberation by the course and the BHA has proved a positive contribution to the public perception of racing. Changes, for they will certainly come, will hopefully reflect this and be measured also.
Had you dropped me a letter
On the 15th of every month, the Dueling Darlings have a little friendly duel here on our blogs. There's one theme chosen by the two hostesses who send kits to their team members. No one knows what the other team's kits contain until the reveal. It's great fun to see 1.) what the other team had to work with, and 2.) what team members create with the same items.
Dark berries and honey swirl and interweave, with the subtlest of dry assistance from the muted hops, and the almost macho consistency of the walnut coloured fluid - all make for a taste event to better any dessert course after a hearty Sunday roast.
Gracias!
Husband: *Sheepish Grin*
In addition to the above project, training with my Karate-Do comrades provided satisfaction on a regular basis. Most Wednesday nights I found myself at the USA Goshin-Ryu Dojo of Sensei Pablo Peneque and Sensei Scott Zamora in Bogota, New Jersey. I say most Wednesday nights because, unfortunately, external factors dictated that my attendance was less than regular. While I always find it pleasurable to visit with Sensei Pablo and Sensei Scott, I found I was somewhat crestfallen. While the spirit of Shihan Wayne Norlander bountifully roams the Dojo, I miss his joie d’ vive. Every Wednesday, I dedicated a performance of his Kunchaba Kata (derived from the Uechi-ryu Kanshiwa Kata) to his spirit. During one training session at the Dojo I had the good fortune to meet Shihan Ken Zuck of Isshin-ryu Karate-Do (Left to right in the photo below are: Sensei Bob, Sensei Pablo, myself, Shihan Zuck & Sensei Scott).
What did her parents think of the videos she made? They thought they were cute.
I do not agree that we create reality out of whole cloth merely by imagining it or allowing the possibility to enter our minds. There is an egotistical hubris to the idea that I find distasteful and incongruous with the image of "one-ness" that the people espousing it would like to present.
Hi everyone! Hope everyone had a fantastic weekend! Canadian Thanksgiving was yesterday so I had a lot of fun spending time with my wonderful family!
meat sausages, tasso, turduckhens – you name it. Growing up I
Loop Fire, NM
#5: Damn your apple pie to Hell, we gots aliens that needs killin'! The slice of Americana that is "The Monsters Are Due on Maple Street" is tinged with the deep-seeded fears of Communism and the nuclear crisis and, as this brilliant story so aptly tells us, our ultimate enemy can be the guy who's on our bowling team or the day care teacher and not some bogeyman-like foreign invader. You want the TZ episode that will resonate all throughout time? Here it is.
Then one amazing thing happened. I grabbed a Waterman with some Sailor Black ink and BAM! This paper held up to my heavy handed inky doodles. Like…really held up. No idea this paper would be this good. It does not bleed. At all. I can’t believe the versatility.
Hello Nurglings!
#230: A WordPress milemarker. Ironically enough it’s on commitment. (Go figure.)
“You come around here and we’ll fix you up with a nice cup of coffee in the back.” Betty continued as she shuffled over to a little door in the counter and let me in behind the register. She motioned for me to follow her through the door she had appeared from, into the back of the restaurant. I, being too tired to argue with her or explain that I only wanted to stop for a few minutes, followed.
What is your vision for Public Place? In this creative artist/activist workshop, with interdisciplinary artist/activist, Triada Samaras, and CORD, we will brainstorm this question and the possible future uses of “Public Place” for our community. The area once known as Citizens Gas Works, a manufactured gas site, and now commonly called, Public Place, is a highly contaminated plot of land along the equally contaminated Gowanus Canal, bordered by Smith, 5th, and 9th Streets in Carroll Gardens. Designated as a “public recreation space” in 1975, Public Place can still inspire us to dream and to create a better future for our local neighborhoods, including our very own public park and recreational areas for our use and enjoyment in the Carroll Gardens/Gowanus area. We will depict our collective dreams using collaborative mural making.
Wes Anderson is the kind of director that draws a lot of talent to any project, even when he travels to the other side of the world. This film has many of his regular stars. Bill Murray makes a small cameo in the beginning, this was his fourth collaboration with Anderson. Anjelica Huston in her third film with Anderson as the mother of the three brothers. As the brothers he has Owen Wilson, who has worked with Anderson on all of his films. Jason Schwartzman plays the youngest brother, he also frequently works with Anderson. I am a big Jason Schwartzman fan, he is a really talented and funny entertainer. Adrien Brody plays the middle brother and I am a big fan of his as well. I didn’t like Brody at first but he has continued to impress me with his range as an actor, he just keeps making good movies. What really makes Wes Anderson movies great is the fact that they get better each time you see them. He is a true filmmaker, being involved in all aspects of production. It’s the movies that are made by men like Anderson that tend to be my favorites. In many ways he is very similar to the Coen brothers that way.
For difficult classes like fireworks, there may be a lot of text on sites about how it is not eligible. Use the “eligible classes” tab to spin the results to the more positive connation.
It’s either Islam or western culture/government. If on Western soil, the choice had better be Islam, and FAST… unless we want our little granddaughters growing up to wear the Burkha and trained to view their own ancestors as “infidels“.
I’m hoping the same is true this time.
I love the idea of love.
End of April
Puppy training pads are a good way to save you from having to clean up little smelly messes in all the wrong places in your home. Puppy training pads are essential puppy supplies that provide your pet with a safe alternative to being left alone outside in the yard, exposed to uncertain weather conditions. These training pads are also an easy and effective way to help your pet learn where to use the bathroom. Puppy training pads are one product for certain that all puppy owners should have at the top of their puppy supplies list.
We believe them to be an accurate reflection of either poor conduct or poor judgement on our part for which we should rightly be criticised. On those occasions that comment is not fair, we often reserve our response because nothing is perfect. Certainly the DA is not. The advantages of self-regulation and an independent media, however, far outweigh its relatively small disadvantages. And so, in making this decision, our benchmark was not favourable reporting, but fair and accurate reporting - the hallmark of any professional journalist.
Paper: Greenhouse Gala DSP, Real Red, Basic Black, Whisper White Cardstock
On Monday after swim lessons, we ran some errands and then spent a couple of hours at the pool. On Tuesday, we found some friends at gymnastics that we don't get to see very often so I was very thankful to see them. I realized that I have not nurtured my friendships the way I should so hopefully seeing them weekly will give me a chance to work on that. Then we headed down to Houston for a lunch date with my bff, Marcie. Since we were in the Galleria area I decided to take the kids over to Williams Tower to see the waterfall. Katie loved it and Kyle was scared that we would all fall in. It was only 10 minutes, but I am so glad that we took the time to stop there. Katie had a t-ball game last night and then we went to DoubleDave's. We haven't been there for a while since Kyle can't really eat anything there, but we picked up a smoothie for him at the Y and he was happy as could be.
7. May 7 2000
On a really odd note, I didn't know much about Shtalenkov, and when looking him up online just now I've learned that he apparently disappeared this past Sunday. Seems like some pretty odd circumstances there...
supplied - a home valued in the $700,000 - $800,000 dollar value range, completely
What do you think, brides cake or grooms cake?
I took out my camera and started taking pictures.
Bronnie likes the fabric not to be pulled too tight on the reupholstered pieces. I believe he said to the upholsterer: "Don't make it look like a Hollywood face lift". He likes there to be some give to the fabric, as if the chair had been sat in for a long time.
As people who struggle with eating disorders and/or abuse we are prone to judging ourselves often. I know for me i have stared in the mirror judging myself and pointing out the things i hate. I have sat and though about things i don’t like about myself. However in order to feel better , healthy, healed and recovered we need to start challenging the judgements we impose on ourselves.
Available May 8th
another manifestation of the recent
That has been my life at work so far. I hate my job more than ever. I don't think I have ever gone from being completely indifferent about someone to extreme dislike so quickly. I'm desperately trying to find a new job. I thought about school, though I don't want to get a masters in my field, and I'm kind of liking the idea. I would really like to get a certificate/degree as a medical laboratory technician. It's something I thought about doing even as I entered college and it really appeals to me. Unfortunately, I can't find any local schools with that program, the closest being Colorado Springs or Denver (1+ hours away). There might be a school in Greeley (30 min away) with that program but I will have to look more thoroughly. I would really like to do online for at least a portion of the course if I can. It's a position with a lot of potential and I would start out making at least what I'm making now. I could take out more student loans (not ideal but necessary) and defer current student loans in repayment which would be helpful right now. I've set a deadline that I must find some jobs to at least apply to by the end of this weekend and/or have a list of schools that I want to apply to. I'm determined to get out of this job by the end of next month. It's not healthy for my currently emotionally unstable self to come home crying every day because of work. Ugh. Why can't life be easier?
Ladies, this includes purses! On the drive to the flea I transfer my wallet, keys, etc to a long-strapped purse that goes across my body and leave my real purse in the trunk of my car. The long strap on my 'crappy bag' affords two hands for snatching things up easily.
Click on the image below to view the updated event list!
I read a bit of advice once to the effect that if you have several people in a restaurant scene, for example, have all but two characters go to the restroom, tablehop or whatever to get them out of the way. That way you can have both: a big group and a focused discussion.
Don’t judge a man until you walk a mile in his shoes. It’s a phrase we often hear used to portray the importance of seeing the world through someone else’s eyes. For the last three days, that is exactly what I’ve been doing. I packed my bag on Sunday, throwing aside the four inch heels, the well pressed pants, and the silk shirts, for denims, sneakers, t-shirts and anything that could be even remotely considered comfortable. Packing was the first challenge. I am what my friends call a “girly girl”. I enjoy painting my nails, wearing skirts, looking feminine. So to try and pack a duffel bag that didn’t include any of those things was a significant task for yours truly.
Of course it means the world to me, of course I think about it every second of my life. But I didn't want HIM to know that.
Mr. Strachey (by Private Notice) asked the Minister of Aviation whether he is aware of the growing public concern over the recent accidents to aircraft belonging to private airlines, including the Dakota aircraft that crashed near Carlisle on 17th October; whether he will give the number of fatal accidents per million passenger miles flown for aircraft of the private airlines and the public Corporations respectively during 1960 and 1961 to date; and whether he will issue new and stricter safety regulations for all aircraft on charter flights.
Diddy Kong Antagonism DS for DS - Diddy Kong Antagonism DS Nintendo DS - Diddy Kong Antagonism DS DS Game
1072. Lunch plate of Foccacia, Cheese, Tomatoes @ Mom & Dad’s House (Pottstown, PA) 12:48 p.m.
But before the world’s water problem, I had my own water problem. Since piped water in the place I live here in Tacloban runs only for few hours (mostly night time to dawn), I would need a pail or two and go to nearby public artisan well to clean my body.
I was curious how the taste is cos it's stated Indonesian but when I saw the seasonings, I was not very certain it would be the Indonesian taste :)
With the gravity of this story in mind, it is important to remember the circumstances that led to this event: Joshua was honoring a treaty he had been tricked into signing. It was illegitimate and it allowed the Gibeonites to “illegally” occupy a piece of the land promised to Israel. In choosing to uphold the obligations of the peace treaty, Joshua ignores the devious nature of the circumstances which led to Israel’s relationship with Gibeon and instead chooses to honor, maintain, and protect the relationship they have established.
Oh, how'd we get so disconnected
No one ever asked me to start having sex in college before I was married.
- Ah, but no. It’s written. It’s going to be. We’re due a galactic alignment. This earth. Mother Gaia. We’ll shift dimensions till the 4th dimension. We’re moving into a photon belt. It’ll change our frequency vibrations. It’ll all be so different and beautiful. You can’t imagine!
that without overcoming those obstacles
Lily Beth has a Saturday routine which she unconsciously follows without exception. Making a pot of coffee is the first thing she does after arriving at the shop. While the coffee percolates, she searches the shelves for newly arrived merchandise. She is looking for anything of quality and interest. She keeps a notebook in her purse with lists of items her friends, family and other interested parties would be interested in buying. Lily Beth calls the interested party if she finds a match. The item is then set aside. Lily Beth charges a small finders fee if her client purchases the item. The shop's owners are unaware of Lily Beth's side business.
"Oh yeah. There's another $400 here!"
Dear Pilot of flight 1276 from DTW to STL,
The gun went off, and the herd of runners started shuffling towards the starting line. A band played “Hang on Sloopy,” and I felt nostalgic for my college days at OSU. “Hang on sloopy, sloopy hang on. O-H-I-O…”
Dimensions: 450mm (w) x 450mm (d) x 360mm (h)
I’m not in the fortunate position where I have my own work room so I have to set myself up on the dining room table when I need to sew. Unfortunately it means running between spaces to get materials. It makes it a bit difficult.
Thankfully Badger Brewery are not involved in either torturing kittens or for that matter insulting Germans. They are just a nice group of people that make some lovely beer and wanted to send me a free sample. And did they. Take a look at that load. Crikey, that’s corking. 12 bottles. An example I would guess of the whole range. In a posh presentation box with descriptions of everything. What lovely lovely people.
Love from Oz,
"In like a lion, out like a lamb"...
As life so often does, it got crazy and we lost touch for a few years, despite the fact we were in the same city and only minutes away from each other. Or so I thought.
Honestly. It's gets me angry thinking about these things. We can, as a nation, spend millions going to war. We can design the fuck out of profitable industrial processes. We can put a man on the fucking moon. But can we ensure that ordinary people in one of the richest cities in the world have a civilised place to live? Apparently the answer that most London MPs give is, by virtue of their absence from the debate, is No. Well I'm the last to defend an MP, but thank the lord for the dozen or so who were prepared to stand up and talk today. I didn't agree with all that was said but at least they fucking turned up.
Well, you know me and you know how I adore the feeling of rich soil under my bare feet. There’s nothing more pleasant or, more magical to me, than the direct contact with nature and the life-force energy absorbed through the soles of my feet. Walking barefoot in my garden is like a hug to the earth—like when you physically hug someone you love. Besides, in my magical garden there is no poison ivy or prickers I should be aware of or care for. There are no poisonous spiders or snakes either, and thanks goodness no yucky ducky doggie poop either. You would have to pardon my aversion, but stepping on some nasty dog poop is be the ultimate eeeieghwee yuckiness to me… and, well no gloves are required either around here, unless I’m dealing with the roses, of course.
Yesterday, I told my mother that I was re-opening this project. I told her it was an idea, that simply would not let me be. To be honest, I wasn’t really expecting words of support. After all, I have not exactly had the best track record, with this project. At most, I was expecting the very vague “oh! That’s nice.” Instead, I got the opposite of support. “Why,” she asked me. “Why do this to yourself, again? Michael…Chances are you are just going to fail again. And then, you are going to feel bad. Just say ‘to hell’ with this project. Honestly, it was never all that realistic, anyway.” Boy! Way to sugar coat things, mom. Just lay it all out, bluntly.
Some went back home to England, but Stanley Jefferson elected to stay in the land of opportunity. He teamed up with two other Karno alum, Edgar and Wren Hurley as “the Three Comiques”. Stanley wrote a sketch for them called “the Nutty Burglars” that played Chicago and environs for several months. On the advice of booking agent Gordon Bostock, the troupe then began to call themselves the Keystone Trio. Stan started to do his character as Charlie Chaplin, and the Hurleys began to do their parts as silent comedians Chester Conklin and Mabel Normand. I guess this was in the days before lawsuits. Anyway, the deception made the act highly bookable, and the team worked the Poli Circuit for many months, finally breaking up over “creative differences”. (“I want to throw the pie!”, “No! I want to throw the pie!”)
Please help make my friend’s dream come true … click on this link and pick the gouda life as your favourite. It only takes a moment of your time … but means the world to Kelly.
The stories were originally published in a pulp magazine called Flying Aces.
Ordinarily I would not take the time to address specific comments by a prominent doctor, who is careless with the facts when voicing an opinion. But as more doctors use the bully pulpit of the national media – unchallenged - to disseminate incorrect information, promote personal ideological views and advance political agendas, it becomes more important for informed Americans to speak up.
5. Special Request. Self-explanatory, but must be within the price restriction below.
I have UFOs that are well over a year old. Come to think of it, I have one UFO, a lace tablecloth, that is at least 5 years old. I set it aside because the circular needle I was using had a join between the tip and the cable that made it difficult to slide the stitches along. I had to find a needle with a smoother join that was the proper size and had nice, pointy tips, and by the time I had procured the appropriate needle, I had lost interest in working on lace knitted in #60 cotton. This UFO currently resides in the depths of my yarn closet and may remain there for an eternity.
So how can we possibly see beyond our distorted body images? It takes time, a good support system full of loving people who see us as we actually are and a loving God to guide you along the way.
The evidence regarding lutein and heart disease is indirect but intriguing. A study reported in 2001 found that carotid arteries in those with higher lutein levels were clearer than average.
Tim Howard - was the Chief Financial Officer of Fannie Mae. Howard "was a strong internal proponent of using accounting strategies that would ensure a "stable pattern of earnings" at Fannie. Investigations by federal regulators and the company's board of directors since concluded that management did manipulate 1998 earnings to trigger bonuses. Raines and Howard resigned under pressure in late 2004. Howard's Golden Parachute was estimated at $20 Million!
Giving time to others was hard for Cassandra to do but when it was for charity she was willing. Thrust into the limelight Cassandra played many concerts at a young age but now Cassandra does not play concerts. She stays in her house only to do as she wants but now the Greek tycoon will change her life.
This is my last daily blog post for now, but I’ll be updating this site occasionally in the coming months. Next year will be a big year for ArthurMapes.com, as we celebrate our poet laureate’s centennial and his hometown, Kendallville, celebrates 150 years.
Santa was intrigued by the face-blindness thing (which I don't have completely, but I'm sure there's a spectrum, as with most things). I explained that I struggle with features, but distinctive hair helps, and I recognize peoples' voices and even their gaits pretty well. I told him the most challenging folks to recognize are my 5'8"/5'9" short-haired, brown-haired, brown-eyed male students. The others had left the conversation by now, and he said he'd stop detaining me and go find his kid, but he asked if I would recognize him now. He pointed out his long-ish hair. He had me look into his eyes, pointing out that they're not brown. He said he was not 5'9". I was standing next to him, in heels, and I stood higher than his shoulder, which I had used as a gauge with my very tall ex-husband, so I guessed he was 6'2". He said "yep, 6'2", and not in bad shape for my age, either," pointing to his abs. It was the closest thing to flirting of the night. But I replayed the conversation in my mind a little later and recalled him saying what his wife did for a living. So even if he was flirting, it's moot as far as I'm concerned. But I'm not sure I will ever really know why men say some of the things they say... and don't say other things. But that's a topic for another night.
Robert Richard Randall was a sea captain and rich merchant who in 1771 became a member of the Marine Society, a charitable relief fund for seaman and their widows. (His brother drowned off Sandy Hook while returning from the West Indies.) He purchased an area on the outskirts of town -- a farm in what is today central Greenwich Village -- for the express purpose of "maintaining aged, decrepit, and worn-out sailors." He died in June 1801 but due to the haggling of inheritors, the instructions of his will were not carried out, partially due to that particular land now being of great value to the rapidly growing city.
This is not the sound of a president-in-waiting.
So, come and join us in our challenge this week.. Just make an 'anything goes' card or paper project, post to your blog or online gallery, then link it up here. The sassy gals will be by to see your creation and bring you some sassy greetings. Have a fantastic week everyone!!
We make some great cards to take home, see some "Wow" presentations for ideas or techniques and have a great opportunity to swap cards with other Demos. Here are my cards ready for the swap
There are two main directions in which Afghanistan can go over the period that this paper covers: flawed and fragile progress or a gradual slide back towards some form of fragmentation. The latter scenario currently seems the more likely. We must also remember that there are many unpredictable events that could cause the situation to slip away sooner and more dramatically, such as a major ISAF troop loss, the assassination of a key leader, such as Karzai, or renewed factional fighting.
They passionately kiss goodbye and they both say "I love you".
Nook: 9780062060570 (US)
And FINALLY, last but definitely not least….my icebox(kinda) cake!!
They walked on a short way further before the little hut emerged, squat and black in the weird half-light. The guide stopped as soon as he saw it, frozen with some provincial, superstitious dread that made Stolik’s lip curl. He ignored the guide – it was clear enough they were where they were supposed to be. “Don’t go anywhere.” He growled at the man as he passed him by.
/Beautiful flowers that my husband got me for my birthday/Renoir coffee table book, birthday gift form my mother-in-law/drink:cranberry with club soda on my birthday/macarrons form Laduree/rainy Sunday afternoon/
Caity
If you are looking for something particular, but can't find it...sometimes it is just quicker and easier to think outside of the box, and do it yourself.
Making Squares is a lovely thing to do. It occupys us while watching TV and they are quite easy to carry about too! I always have a batch in my car, I have to wait on occasions for my Daughters and my Mother and if I could drive and hook I would! :) To make Squares and then make them into a blanket is just so kind. I will let you know how much your blanket raises Sheila.
I think not.
1. Call to Action – It’s wonderful that you are telling me about yourself and accomplishments that your company has had but you need me to do something. Tell me! Tell me to click the button to learn more, tell me to call you to order, tell me to buy a ticket, ask me a question in a poll…something. A call to action is the #1 thing you need on a website. Otherwise, it’s just a lame “brochure”.
According to the Amn committee their rift with the PPP came about when the latter refused to help them in acquiring employment and achieving better living standards. Others believe the real reason to be the forced closure of the gang’s drug havens which affected their incomes. PPP leaders deny any involvement in illicit activities and pledge to stop all kind of criminals in the city.
Ink - Versamark Ink, Ranger DI Dusty Concord, Memento Black
thirty, meaning that they were gone before anyone else in the neighborhood was awake; before they
"It is fearfully cold," one of them said. "Except for that, it would be very nice here, wouldn't it, you old fir tree?"
And in a blink of an eye my decision was made.
We took the quads in the RV to the San Diego Wild Animal Zoo. The main attraction at the zoo were the quads! People couldn't get enough of them. I never noticed the heards of wild deer or the lion lazing on top of a safari jeep. I didn't hear the toucans or notice the monkeys. My eyes were focused on 4 sets of little feet and the paths they took those little wild bodies!
I'm getting greasy mexican food tonight with Jen! Haha, yes, today is really slacking on the healthy front. Anyways, we decided on the mexican place before the movie since it's so close to the theatre and pretty darn delicious. I have to say, I could really go for some tasty fajitas today. Maybe I'll take some pics :)
And in case this isn’t clear here is Apples Ad that really explains iCloud.
The Phalaenopsis branch of the orchid family are some of the easiest house-kept orchids, I've learned, which is right up my alley. I've been told by two very reliable sources that orchids are easy to keep indoors, but I'm the guy who used to kill cacti and overwatered a bromeliad unto death. But, I'm trying. Stepping out. Pushing boundaries, albeit small ones. Plus they're utterly beautiful. This first dear has even grown well enough to turn the second to last bud on its raceme into an opening flower and has begun to open yet another tiny bud at the very end. Hope springs eternal.
“What if they object to being caressed in that fashion?” I ask.
Twenty of the Ratcliffe protesters were convicted and another six were going to court when the revelations forced the trial to collapse. It was not Kennedy himself who witheld the evidence which exonerated the Ratcliffe protesters. It was his superior officers and the Crown Prosecution Service.
“Where you might see a difference is in the agenda of the individual members of Congress, what bills they chose to introduce and where they put their energy,” he said.
If you are a local reader you should most definitely check out these shops for a variety of dried herbs for teas. Plus, lots of information and resources:
We had an incident recently. He overstepped his bounds and verbally attacked my daughter when I wasn't there. She was devastated. I was so angry. I thought of many different ways to confront him about it. I stewed about it. I vented about it at home.
Could You take me beyond?
But if you’re looking for a great read about this fascinating city we call Pareeee, then look no further. Bravo David!
First of all, Gideon kept his heart open for the Lord’s instructions. Once an army of 32,000 men had been amassed, he might have assumed he should just lead them into war. Think of all the strategies the Lord revealed to Gideon after that!
I don't know what Anna would have said here, but I'm going to say Anna was a troubled girl, who made me laugh, cry, scream, and many other things. She was loved by her family very much, and she was very selfish to hurt her family and freinds this way.
Andy Narx - Bass, Guitar
Hence, he just had to walk into the mountains, in the blizzard, to drink his bottle of gin.
Although i haven’t have solid evidence and 100% understood what the verses want to tell me. today wendy teacher explained it , like she thinks is suited:
I probably made a mistake in rewatching the 1981 film the same day I was going to watch the new one. I was not entirely fair in my judgments of it because I sat there the entire time comparing the two. As a CGI-effects laden action romp, new Clash serves its purpose. It looks great. I've heard there are some issues with the 3D version, but I saw the 2D so I can't comment on that. The costumes looked incredible. Liam Neeson was shiny as a fresh shit, and I really liked Hades' (Ralph Fiennes) charred armor in particular.
In Spain, the prior government first tried same-old stimulus … and then switched to austerity. But neither worked. Unemployment soared. And in last November’s elections, it got crushed.
Memes were like warehouses used to host all-nighter Ecstasy parties. I’d heard others whisper about them in hushed tones, never really understanding what I was hearing. It was the same sort of mixed awe and curiousity I felt towards iPods when they first came out. Finally, to educate myself, I decided to ask a Gen Y confidante to explain to me just what the hell a “meme” was.
Mary C
Dayna Martin's session on "Unschooling the Spirited Child" was absolutely fantastic. The marquee was packed, and it seemed that everyone there was parenting at least one of these wonderful children! I loved Dayna's positive spin on it, the idea that these children are a gift to the world, and to our families, and we can learn so much from them. Through the unschooling lifestyle, we are able to give them the gift of being able to be Who they truly are. We must shift from control to connection. These kids DEMAND to be free; to not be controlled. They can help us to learn and grow as parents, by helping us to see things in ourselves that need to change, as we learn to respond to them with love and grace. We need to stop seeing them as broken & needing to be fixed. They are whole children.
Emma Svensson (19)
30. Last Laff (00:28)
(River, stay ‘way from the door.)
That you’re free
He then told him to leave .He did not charge Mr Van Zyl with any offence but scared and intimidated him for over half an hour with as it turned out the intended purpose to extort and steal money from him.
1 Corinthians 8:7 But some, through former association with idols, eat food as really offered to an idol, and their conscience, being weak, is defiled.
Red Bull, last years construction champions, and their driver, Seb Vettel, world champion, are open to application for Internships right now. I’m too old to apply, but they have a difficult application test that you have to pass first to apply.
3. Do you read much Australian crime fiction? Can you give us a few standouts that you've read recently? What do you think of the current state of the Australian crime fiction scene?
Now, you can see the typical clichés: the easy-going Dutchman and the haughty Parisian (can be extended to all francophones, according to where you stand). But it so happens that I started dancing tango in Paris. Not taking lessons, I had done that for several months before that, but Paris is where I got really hooked, where I started attending milongas every night, or almost, where I became addicted to tango. I was a total beginner back then, so I didn´t get to dance with many hot shots of course, but I danced with intermediate to fairly good leaders, and danced enough to be able to improve quickly (and often more than my feet could take). Ok, I didn´t go to the Latina. But I went to other very nice places and I thouroughly enjoyed my tango début in Paris; I liked Paris, and I felt that the liking was mutual.
Cards and Things Challenge #117 has this sketch that I thought would be great with my "fish" stamps. I'm assembling a box of cards for the children's hospital and wanted to include some from this set. Here's their lovely sketch:
Therefore within the Pakatan coalition the Malays can still have effective representation should they decide that Umno is no longer worthy of representing them.
It is officially week #6, but I'm dropping the number from my title this week, because every Wednesday from now on will be Gratitude Wednesday!
Judge Spatt's conclusions here:
6 - Cigarettes & Alcohol/Whole Lotta Love
Just to clarify, I’m not making a value judgment here about either Portland or gentrification, the thought just came to me while reading my friend’s article, and I thought I would share it.
12.- Heavyweight - Produced by Tonedeff
I love how it came out! I am sure that the ladies at work will love them too!
(Don, I Have already done copies for You & one for Clive)
Textured - that does have a lot of connotations. Firstly the visual in this case of the “Photo Challenge”. It is the tactile quality of a surface or article, it is the culture of something ie to do with religion or the arts or music etc. It is the general structure of something and it is what we feel, see and hear with the sense of touch, site and sound that allows us to interpret the reality with these senses.
Once upon sometime
On the 2004 Form 990 available via the charitable portal GuideStar (via the IRS), the names of grantees are redacted (right). On the 2005 form, the names of grantees are on pages that are not attached. In other words, without asking the foundation directly--as I did after first looking for the 2004 form nearly two years ago--the casual searcher would not have found the names of donors.
In our family law practice, divorce evidence derived from social media and Facebook is becoming commonplace. What people don’t realize is that seemingly harmless party photos and location-based status updates can jeopardize a person’s divorce settlement, resulting in the loss of child custody, parenting time or even alimony.
And wash away nocturnal wizen.
Danko likes rock and roll parties, Danko talks in third person, Danko likes talking about the photographers, Danko sounds like John Spencer, he's definitely funny, he knows he's a bad ass, he knows how to get the people riled up. Like those professionals who get people excited at live tapings of Conan.
32. Poplord-Poplord Vs. The Universe (Fowl Tone)
Still, I’ll plug along, doing what I can to get word out about my own book, even if it takes a lot of gas for me to get there.
The party was held at a park, and everything was beautiful! It was a perfect warm sunny day, and Vicky had decorated the trees with adorable aqua and yellow tissue pom-poms. She had yellow flower plates and napkins on aqua tablecloths, and even a station where kids could decorate little terra cotta pots and plant yellow flowers.
I could do so many things
There was a bitter wind, the sky dawned a dark gray, and it had begun to snow. Already there was an inch of snow covering the cobblestone as they walked through the alley ways and over the foot bridges. They arrived at the long tunnel stairs leading down into the 'Rat’s Den Underground Tavern', as the sign above the tunnel, edged with frost and ice, read in red letters.
Imagine the top container isn't there - got that?
Have you ever noticed that when a bond or proposition gets passed in your state for a construction or land management project, the actual project itself sometimes isn’t scheduled to begin until months or years in the future? It’s even written in most bills that the project wont start until a far off set future date.
So its been a week or two since i got my fill of visiting a beer shop so put beer shops and Sheffield together and the next place i came up with was archer road beer shop. For anyone who doesn't know were this is or how to get there ill be finishing the post off with a web link or simply do what i did to find it, neither require all that much effort. I cant give a full rating on what it was like as it was being re furbished so i will be returning in the near future to see what its like.
sailboats, treasure chests.....
15ml freshly squeezed lime juice
As for the rest
The night certainly started off on the wrong foot. We queued up in the will call line at 6:00pm as advised on the NERAX website. We were the lucky ones, the line outside for those without tickets went around the block. Unfortunately we were not let into the event until around 6:40pm or so. As one of my friends said, "we are getting too old to stand around in lines like this," especially on a Wednesday night.
Infantry
For those of us who need to tighten the purse strings, I hope you will enjoy this recipe. I use whole soybeans and lecithin granules, both which should be available at your local health food store or in a pinch, online.
there is no time in life that you can just get over hurting someone you love
my heart) i am never without it (anywhere
“Equality or segregation.”
This weekend was amazing.
It is with a grateful heart that I’ve received the following testimony. From talking to those who have come out of Law-keeping sects, I understand that it can be a difficult thing to write about the experience. Many thanks to “GirlLuvs2Read” for the following.
It’s very good to see that the Election Commission is making these data available. Detection of irregularity and manipulation is much, much easier with the data. And accusations are that much more credible when backed up with rigour.
Scientists have noticed that all cultures developed names for colors in a certain order: black, white, red, green, yellow, and blue. Basically this means that the colors later in this list weren't identified with names until the colors at the beginning of the list were named. For instance, if a community has a name for green, it will have names for black, white, and red.
Things were looking pretty grim, so all her close family members were called to say their goodbyes. Mr. V and I drove the three hours to see her in the hospital, and I was beside myself to see her slipping in and out of consciousness.
It is good to study and/or have letters of distinction indicating advanced degrees behind your name. You’ve earned the right to flag your knowledge. However, it is as important to be aware of your self-content.
Nov. 26: The Fillmore, Detroit, MI
climate is doing well for
However, there are certain coherent themes in popular attitudes to social welfare. As I’ve discussed before (and this has been studied by any number of political scientists, including Theda Skocpol and Robert Lieberman), American popular opinion tends to strongly favor contributory programs over non-contributory programs, universal programs against targeted programs, and programs that are viewed as recognizing work in some way versus those that are viewed as rewarding the able-bodied non-worker.
My daughter decided to come home for the summer for a couple of months. And she brought her dog with her. I lost my dog a few years ago. It is nice having a dog in the house again. Well except the chewing and the fur. My daughter timed her visit well. She loves strawberries. I picked the first ones right before she showed up.
That's under "normal" circumstances.
By Sharon Page
We had to decide where to go- Pudu or Petaling Street. We retreated to Petaling Street as we had planned to eat there anyway.
Nikki seemed a bit sleepy when I led her to the arena, but perked up once I was in the saddle. She was soft and light in my hands and nicely responsive off the leg. My time was short, so the ride was light and I focused on adjusting within the stride. Overall a lovely ride. I felt completely rejuvenated as I drove home, dreary, gray sky forgotten. Passing the napping kitties on the porch swing I smiled at them in acknowledgement. I startled two dozing horses as I passed them causing a slight burst of energy to erupt. It didn't last long, as they resumed their nap on the other side of the field. The quilting store parking lot was full when I passed and I imagined a room full of women quilting and sharing stories.....
if you believe in money, who don't you believe in magic
I am not going to list all the bands that are on this compilation as you can see them all listed on the cover.
“For me, the different religions are beautiful flowers from the same garden, or they are branches of the same majestic tree.
Four novels and an oncologist's biography of cancer make up the shortlist:
I went back and forth between rating this one 3 stars or 4 stars – maybe it’s a 3.75?
Justice continued on and delivered a genre bending mash up set that spanned their entire catalog, including tracks from their more recent 2011 release Audio, Video, Disco. Their albums are engaging and it seems natural to listen to them the whole way though and really get to know each build-up and drop, so it was an exciting experience to hear the artists grab bits and pieces from different songs to twist their music in a different way. They took some of their tracks in the opposite direction and stretched them into new territory, speeding up certain parts, or stripping away different instrument tracks to play them in their most minimalist form.
Some of you may believe that Pastor Eddie Long is a child sexual abuser. I know that Pastor Creflo Dollar said, that ex- New Birth members who were thinking of joining his church should go back! Clearly in support of his “brother” and “friend in the Lord”, I think we can all agree that Creflo Dollar has lost the respect of many church-goers, including me.
This is what I came home to that Monday. My friend-lords were in my apartment. I got the feeling they were mad at me but it could have just been frustration for the whole plumbing thing. The plumber would be coming out the next day and then they would know more about how long it would take. After they left, I just sat on the floor and cried. Not so much for the complete lack of ceiling in my kitchen and unsure finish date but because of some things my friend said to me about The Gentleman Friend being over all the time. I mean, I bawled and when TGF came over to get me to go to dinner with my mom, he felt like everything was his fault. We were both in the pits. But that’s not what this post is about…sorry, I got sidetracked.
'Don't cry'
NOTEBOOK: Are you fully recharged by the Word of God?
We also enjoyed offerings and came very close to buying items from the Indiana Artisans tent. I've been a fan of Chocolate for the Spirit since that holiday event in Hendricks Co so I was eager to see Julie again. We loved tasting the maple syrup- and especially the bourbon infused maple syrup- from Burton's Maplewood Farm.
I walk into the County Republican Mass Precint Meeting. I’m there as a shark just waiting for the pinpricty of a pin prick of blood in the water. Hadnt quite gotten over that super Tuesday sting. Chip on the old shoulder just waiting to be knocked over the line in the sand I drew bout fifteen feet back. Now I understand the side of the Ron Paul movement that wants to compromise with the old guard, maybe let bygones be bygones and play nice with one another. The last time that happened the Tea Party was sucked right back into the belly of the beast so for me and my house I don’t think that’s the wisest courses of action. Not that we arent still united in the direction of liberty, just a minor disagreement. I was simply raised with the philosiphy of you’ve got the be the firstest with the mostest. In my opinion the liberty movement needs to make a break hard right and run towards the goal full steam knocking down every structure in front of them which exist to simply prop up the ever expanding tarantula of a federal government. But that’s me.
Anywho, back on track, the tee I'm holding up says, "It's All Part of my Master Plan," which is a reference to more of a theme in the book. Many of the characters have plans going on, but the original intent of the tee was to make it for Ivy, the character who gets screwed the most by Harrison. You know, the character who everything bad seems to happen to. I felt her pain, plus her first name is the same as my internet first name, while my full internet name wouldn't be out of place on her for the same reasons it applies to me. So, some Ivy Tamwood love, peoples!
You deny it all you want.
.....he makes friends wherever he goes
* Other christmas motif ideas... Father Christmas, a christmas pudding, a reindeer, a gingerbread house or gingerbread man...
7 Moonlight Serenade
It’s all me. Except sometimes on Fridays. Then I’ll say, I kidnapped someone and am reblogging their material.
(The title of these posts comes from signs posted near the rim to discourage unprepared day-hikers into the canyon.)
Icelandic band showcased by French news site
DECORATION
Serves: 3
HP) Millons. Recently on my facebook page I wrote ¨all the things we do in silence¨.
The tears sprang into my eyes, and stayed far longer than they should have. All through my friends’ piece, through the group hug at the end of the class, and into the hallway where it all started to hit me. These people were huge pillars in my life, if even for a semester, and I couldn’t have imagined it without them. They embraced my nerdiness (I performed my midterm to a song from the Transformers 3 soundtrack. Let’s just say it was epic.)
Soldiers and police have now intervened to stop the clashes, but as long as six hours after the violence started.
I love honour and respect The animals and birds
I enjoy knitting hats and squares for orphans in South Africa. This is my third hat and my 29th square. If you are interested in knitting for the orphans click on this link.
1. PRECOATING: Try to eat something before commencing the crawl. Our first stop is good for this!
I added a flower made out of ribbon. I sewed it as a strip of ruffles then circled it around itself and hot glued it.
The return bout is set to take place in a popular, historic arena. It was here, more than 50 years ago, that the clock struck for independence, bringing the curtain down on colonial rule. Today, another historic event is in the making as thousands will gather on the same spot to shout their lungs out for freedom: freedom from corruption, freedom from dirty politics, freedom from deceit. It is a sad commentary on the country that the cry for liberty – and justice – is still deafeningly ringing half a century later.
the main entrance
My initial reaction was surprise that nearly a year after the first letter was written, he was still alive and at Buchenwald. I then focused on the envelope’s address and what more I could learn from it.
Pete Liria
A psychologist priest I know reckons that the Bible has two messages for us.
To sum up, the AAR realizes that the role of literary agent is changing and that many author clients will be asking their agents for assistance in making backlist titles available in electronic form.
"Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth."
The cause behind the shifts in polar fields is not understood. However, it is known that the shifts coincide with the increase and decrease in the number of sunspots over an about 11-year cycle.
This one is the Aerial Lift Bridge and Ship Canal Entrance to Duluth Superior Harbor.
“I’ve never seen this kind of attitude, where safety doesn’t seem to matter.”
Easiest answer - the only way I have any chance of writing a decent story is to put words to paper and Nano gives me a wonderful, built-in excuse to do so. Also, it's fun - more than I would have expected. Instead of living in someone else's world, with someone else's characters and choices, I get to make my own. Anything can happen when I put pen to paper. (Unfortunately not enough does or I wouldn't end up stuck mid-story). And there's an amazing comraderie to the event - meeting at coffee shops for write-ins and sharing plot snippets and problems interspersed with furious bouts of typing.
This book has a great story that has a plot based on the “5 love languages”. It is an official five love languages discovery book.
1) - Brooklyn T~Birds, (ThunderBirds) think "Lords of Flatbush"
Perhaps this is an artificial and meaningless distinction, as least for those whose work is under scrutiny: one might feel the same when at the sharp end of a both the critics and the haterz, and it’s potentially culturally elitist to define them as inherently different. But people who publicly publish their thoughts and feelings online, even in the neglected or rarely visited cobwebby recesses of the internet’s dark basement, would be wise to remember how to deal with both.
Heroin changed after that moment. I saw a danger and a dirt within it that I had never seen before. Of course I knew about the diseases and the risks before, but I figured as long as I didn't share I'd be fine. I never for one moment reckoned or planned against the chance of someone intentionally trying to infect me with HIV or Hepatitis. That was low, but it had happened. Not even two months into injecting and AIDS was a real and serious issue.
Ooops! Alright, he's cute as a button. But I am lumping him with savoury, and since sweet and cute seem to go together in the halloween food world, and the creepy stuff tends toward the savoury, we are just going to keep it that way. I don't want to turn your stomachs after all. Also, these pretzel bones are from the same place. They will be going on the table with some spiffy mustards. Because mustard is TOTALLY creepy.
Excuse that outburst.
For this reason the Father loves me, because I lay down my life in order to take it up again. No one takes* it from me, but I lay it down of my own accord. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it up again. I have received this command from my Father.’
Hamas leader Khaled Mash’al:”Today, the great scholar, Sheikh Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, may Allah protect him, said some wonderful things in his Friday sermon. I call upon all scholars to follow in the footsteps of Sheikh Al-Qaradhawi.”
To a man that would abuse her.......
I spend most of my time hunched over my laptop, working alone at home. But this Thursday – 1 March – is World Book Day and like many children’s writers, I have been invited into a school for an Author Visit. This year, thanks to organiser and fellow author, Karen McCombie, I will be visiting Year 5 at Campsbourne School in Hornsey, north London. The main focus of my hour-long session will be Flash Fiction and I have already asked the children to make a blank mini-book in advance. I
Blog/Site:
Same conclusion inside; the texas acura dealers is well-executed with bright trim here and there, to add a little too much for my test partner's taste. As for braking, the four-piston Brembo calipers are extremely competent and stop the illinois acura dealers a nice safety feeling. On the acura dealers colorado plus side, road-holding capacity is a paddle-shifted five-speed automatic - and fits better than the BMW.
Mariano Fortuny was painter, stage designer, inventor of lights and costumes, a true “shaman” of the printed fabric; Roberto is also an artist – architect, creator of convoluted shapes for his exhibition designs, his creations are weaved as clothes but thought as sculptures. Two cultivated and sophisticated artists able to navigate the world of fashion leaving the permanent signature of genius. The Foundation “Musei Civici di Venezia” paid tribute a couple of years ago to Roberto Capucci with an extraordinary exhibition organized at Palazzo Fortuny, Mariano’s house and workshop. Thirty dresses/sculptures realized between 1978 and 2009, are able to describe this specific period of the Master’s development. From the famous Column dress, breaking point of his relationship with traditional tailoring, to the Fan dress a symbol for untamed creativity; we can also admire his creation from the Eighties, with decorations of all shapes and surfaces: flat, tubular, flower-shaped, squared or resembling capitals…- one of the most remarkable is Fuoco (Fire) with an explosion of volume and waves stretching aloft.
Ah....Once upon a time, a gem of inane street behavior like that could only be enjoyed by the select few, fortunate enough to be within earshot, but not in the world of tomorrow (tonight!) In our world of tomorrow(tonight!) two distinct areas, (even more if they conference*) can hear every ignorant utterance ghetto fools have to offer. What a truly convenient technological luxury!
274...extra cuddles with my third
Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.” Romans 8:35-39
“You Saved me from being arrested… And I don’t even know your name” he says.
To Cook: You can make dumplings by boiling them in water,steaming or frying in a pan.
Meintjes emphasised that the country’s very serious water pollution not only poses serious problems for organized agriculture – but that society at large will also suffer because of the pollution of the country’s food. “Every resident in South Africa relies on his/her surival on having access to sufficient and clean water and safe food . The commercial farmer requires sufficient clean water to help provide safe food to all the residents of South Africa.’
We had to wait one day for a massive cold front to pass through. A severe thunderstorm pummeled northern Virginia with tornados, violent wind, and lightning. Swift Ranger rolled so hard at the dock we kept watch, worried she might be ripped from the pilings.
By the time the first screen version of True Grit was released in 1969, it was already seen as something of a “return” to a genre that had largely changed shape, especially in the wake of the Sergio Leone – Clint Eastwood “Man with No Name” trilogy. Starring John Wayne, and directed by a stalwart studio craftsman – Henry Hathaway – the film was a welcome return to the genre – a revenge story in the classic tradition – and it was perhaps that feeling of familiarity in an otherwise tumultuous year for Hollywood that helped earn Wayne his one and only Oscar for his performance as Rooster Cogburn.
My surprise comes not in his finally seeing, but in mine. In all of my pointing, prodding, persuading, I’ve missed what he isn’t missing. The parade of people, young and old, lovers and families. The creak of doors in our movement from one space to another. The beauty of the everyday in this day. Or so I think. And then I think: maybe it is not that at all. Maybe what he sees is exactly that – what he sees. His adventures are for him, not for me. Yes, I am privileged to share in them, but he has his own boundaries. My womb: his home but not him. My nursing: a profound connection but not all. My job as parent: to nurture connection. And to foster his independence.
I really like these two-tone, wanna-be pandas. I think I’m hooked.
An article in The Atlantic earlier this month discussed the New York City Department of Health’s Healthy Bodegas Initiative to increase nutritional offerings in at-risk neighborhoods. The logic is that low income neighborhoods have less access to quality food and that contributes to high levels of obesity.
Would much rather have the car. Sigh.
Nielsen bookdata listing
hand in hand
Peace I leave with you, My peace I give to you; not as the world gives do I give to you. Let not your heart be troubled . . . —John 14:27
Up until this very moment I haven't trusted myself to live the life that I know that I am capable of living because of the possibility of success. How would it change things? What kind of sacrifice will be entailed? Here are my answers:
Today is May the Fourth, which is Star Wars day. It's also the day the Catholic Church has opted to celebrate the life of a man whose name was Florianus, which as far as I can decipher, means "flowery butt".
Tonight the Giants are playing against the Marlins. I’m totally watching it, even though Matt Cain is pitching and he isn’t exactly my most favorite pitcher.
High Street. A stranger petted the horses,
Recently I have had several discussions with people who should really know better, people who call themselves Marxists but have advocated a vote for the Labour Party in the forthcoming General Election. A position which I cannot understand for any socialist to hold, to advocate a vote for the neo-liberal agenda of New Labour, a party which has lost all the democratic structures which means there is no hope of reclaiming the party. Nevertheless these points seem to have fallen on deaf ears amongst many so I thought I would blog from a different angle.
Michael lived with Mister BS and I for years before we were married, and he still has a key to our apartment and stays here whenever he breezes through town for a gig. When he said he was coming to stay on Monday night, I warned him that Deadlocked would be coming out, and I’d probably stay up all night read it, because that’s my style (and I have rampant insomnia anyway).
glamorous southern girls out there
I fussy cut Wryn and adhered her to the card using 2mm dimensionals - tried to keep it pretty flat. Don't want a fat SMASH* book that won't close now, do I? :) I used my craft knife to cut the area out between those amazing shoes of hers - I need a lot more practice at that!
Pull those neutrals out of your stash and see how rich they can be when used as the featured fabrics. We have lots of great neutrals in stock and new ones coming soon, so get yourself a copy of this fabulous book, a few new fabrics and let the inspiration begin! You will never look at neutrals in the same way again!
So it is with many things. You move one small thing and the horrors leap out. Today I had to find a document on my computer. I have a back up drive, I use Dropbox and, out of fear of losing everything - as I did once - I have back-ups on the computer. And of course I had copied everything across from the old MacBook to the new, lovely and light MacBook Air.
a place to lick wounds,
“Awesome idea,”
Kendra cheerfully told us that that this is one of the two must-sees in Amsterdam – the other being the Anne Frank Museum. See, you can’t really blame me for visiting the Sex Museum instead of the Jewish History Museum – the town’s known for both!
Skimming down to Camelot:
After a month of tremendous loss at Golden Hills Farm, I’m reminded that little surprises can bring hope at any time! Yesterday a hen and five chicks emerged from somewhere — a welcome sign that life goes on.
If you feel the way I do then spread the word. Feel free to quote me or to do it in your own words, but this is my challenge: write about fashion in a way that goes beyond the outfit post, because if fashion is beauty then this is without a doubt a fashion blog.
Giving him no time to breathe, the Court has launched all of their Talons into Gotham City, targeting important citizens. The Bat-Family is working together to battle them, whilst the main force of Talons has attacked Wayne Manor head on. Batman and Alfred are holed up in the Batcave armory – it’s time to clean house.
The justified exclusion of women from the judiciary by no means implies that the men are doing a good job. Besides being too big for their boots, most of them are sorely lacking in imagination. As I see it, a judgement isn’t worth its salt unless it induces awed gasps of disbelief from the public gallery, followed by a hush in which the guilty man gapes like a fish that’s just seen Jimmy Savile in the nude. Occasionally you get a lateral-thinking judge who dreams up a new punishment, but most of them are stuck in the rut of passing the same old sentences for the same old crimes. What are the alternatives to a prison term or a fine? Here are three off the top of my hairy head:
The plan is lofty, to be sure, but just the detox I need to re-boot my system. On the financial side, I cannot spend any money that isn’t necessary. Basically, that means I can buy groceries and gas but nothing else. No going out to eat, no bar tabs, no movies. On the health side, I am giving up alcohol (GASP!), sugar (BIGGER GASP!), soda, and fried foods, and choosing only whole grains.
In that post I mentioned that the well-being of the body (that is, the governing of the society), has to go before the well-being of the soul (the right believes), since that is needed to be established, before you can teach and communicate the right opinions (according to Maimonides)..
Your relationship with others stems from your relationship with God who seeks a personal relationship with you first. He is your first love. He gave you life. When He is made The Spouse in your marriage, and your spouse becomes the Surrogate and I do NOT in any way mean by the flesh, you come to understand He is the only one who knows whats in your heart and where your efforts to love more are coming from and going to. Even when they are overlooked by your spouse, you know He knows and you are satisfied. Love is never wasted when placed back in the hands of God. “For where two or three come together in my name, there am I with them.”
This year, Christmas Day dinner with my family, was at Red Gate Farm. A surprise windstorm almost slowed things down since our power went out mid-day for about an hour... and no, I wasn't stressed out about it at all... no big deal that 17 people are coming over and you have no power... I was beginning to think that we'd never get visitors at the rate we were going with party "snafus". Actually, if the power had stayed out, dinner would have gone on with cold ham and homemade rolls... after all of our snacking throughout the day a big dinner probably wouldn't have been missed.
If God made me to think like a writer, if God intended me to write, wouldn't refusing to do so out of fear be an insult? Yet to expose my words to the world... why the possibilities for ridicule and humiliation would be limitless! I had to choose - was I going to live fearfully, or live out the way I had been fearfully and wonderfully made?
Do I think it's important to talk about sales/money? Well, yeah. I think it's important to let authors know that self-publication IS a viable choice in today's market. Do I think that's the ONLY thing we should focus on? NO.
The artwork is fantastic, at times looking like woodcuts and really evoking a look of the time period. The colors are strong and the whole atmosphere of the book is spot on. On top of that, we also get a backup story of older characters (El Diablo) and a new one (The Barbary Ghost).
I added Alhazzred’s character, Coraxx, to that report, and I added Aminesta to the report, and I uploaded screenshot attachments to this report via the Support website shortly after I took the above screenshot. I will amend that report or file others as needed for any further harassment.
There are some school supplies that are essential for any children who are going to be starting classes. Many teachers provide a list of items that every student should have when coming to school, but there are other items that might not be on the list that can enhance the educational experience of the child. Despite what some school supply lists state, there is often very little difference between inexpensive school supplies and their brand name counterparts that can cost many times as much. Having access to an inexpensive source will ultimately help the child and can allow parents to keep a larger stock of items on hand for any situation.
that you have come among men.
God blesses those who do his will for Him. I am a testimony, you are a testimony for that. From certain death with my mental illnesses. From not living to life in him. To a repairing of my marriage, slowly but surely. He does it not me. I gave it to him he has worked wonders. My life is his life. I lost it to gain it.
Dell probably in his late seventies or early eighties wore his full uniform and stood there waiting for people to ask him questions. With glasses, a white mustache and a grandpa belly he stood straight with his hands behind his back. His beige army hat with a visor completed the military look topping his military dress and shined, brown, leather loafers. He stood a taller than his actual height, walking around in the sun with his chest out and a smile adorning his face greeting all that came to ask him questions. His voice was soft but rugged as his age had humbled him and made him a character one could not forget. He was a WWII vet, and stood there with a life story waiting to be told.
Here are some photos of our master bedroom. I wanted to put up something above our bed, but the budget I had was low. I wanted to put two picture frames on there, but it was going to be more than I wanted to pay. So, what you see on this photo was the budget solution for me. At my favorite store, IKEA, you can find TYGLÖSA frame and fabric. I put them together following instructions and voila! I felt very crafty although it only required a little labor to do it.
1) THE SPOOK – The Tomkos
'chuck and shut'
Because she limited herself to crossword puzzles, that gave me reason to explore alternate-type puzzles that remained unsolved in some of her books. She had no clue that any of this would have such an effect on my life. Neither did I.
One day, I just turned around and told them to stop, I did nothing for you, he was the problem, he was the dick. Still my freshman year-book is full of Asian kids, and every last one of them took up half a page not saying things like, “have a bitchen’ summer, call me or K.I.T.” It made me ashamed. Ashamed of my culture. They didn’t mean to, it wasn’t there fault.
Soups
Ah, you know, I really sometimes struggle with posting something here as an illustration of what I'm talking about, because I don't want you to think that I think of myself as a "good example." For one thing, I know perfectly well that gazillions of you are a hundred times more whatever it is than I. (But it's fun to compare notes, right?)
I also like USA private shopping clubs especially the ones that support international debit and credit cards (Ideeli, RueLaLa, Zulily). While you may use Assisted Purchases from Shipito or any other service when making purchases in online stores, such services won’t work well with lightning fast sales that private shopping clubs offer. So it is really great that private shopping clubs support international cards and ship to freight forwarders.
Mitt Romney Takes Credit for Auto Bailout He Opposed “The Man Who Saved The Auto Industry” “Ryan Budget May Cut Economic Data” Obama Anti-Business? Record Corporate Profits Suggest Otherwise BREAKING NEWS: Obama is for Same-Sex Marriage Same-Sex Marriage: Ain’t It the Truth! BARACK OBAMA MAKES CONTRAST WITH MITT ROMNEY ON GAY CIVIL RIGHTS ABC NEWS: OBAMA VIDEO ON GAY MARRIAGE North Carolina: Our President Is a Great Man Who Might Energize Your State! America was established to be a nation of equal rights. Equal Rights for ALL is the order of the day! How could one vote for a candidate for President who would discriminate against minority Americans in the 21st Century?
No, the opening verse from ‘Power’:
Weight : 56 KG
In addition, the property offers its guests a complete and modern gymnasium, valley-top infinity pool and library. The Viceroy Bali is located within minutes from Ubud, one of S.E Asia’s most charming villages, with its leisurely pace and eccentric air, bric-a-brac shops, curious galleries and quaint restaurants. Ensuring the guest experience goes without fault, the resort is meticulously presided over by an Australian family who understand the many needs of its international guests.
(Immigration and Settlement: some general considerations”, Race, vol.11, no.1, pp 35-51.)
Tuesday’s ECJ judgment in the three Google France cases isn’t just important for trade mark law. It’s news for copyright too as it addresses the hosting defence of the E-Commerce Directive. The hosting defence limits liability for copyright as well as trade mark infringement. It has therefore been taken as a defence for a wide range of websites for copyright liability, particularly UGC sites, such as YouTube, Facebook etc.
This allows me to make and store worm tea in batches without getting too many things covered in compost.
The only thing so far that I could see being an "extra" was the small Rubbermaid kitchen trash can with a latching lid we use as the diaper pail. No biggie.
- How do I currently limit myself?
Peruvian delicacies are a tad less extensive than Chinese, from what I gather. Cuy (guinea pig) and alpaca were the two I was able to try (both were delicious).
10. Long Play 33 1/3-Being Nowhere (Self-Released)
Omolon and Isip would be best coming off the bench, Paolo Hubalde and Jojo Duncil were veterans meant to lead a championship team’s second unit, Jazul, Espiritu, Sena and Sison, despite showing potentials, were still raw and badly needs some polishing and Ritualo cannot carry a team by himself.
There's not much happening on my desk today, but I thought I'd show you a few holiday photos.
admittedly, I left it with a “gimme a break” feeling that lasted for the drive to the office. I wondered if the toolbox driving the Pontiac knew my absentmindedness as I drifted onto the paint that separated our lanes. A honk and a gesture from him withered as it faced my reaction.
When the neutralising strategy reduces the anxiety level of the individual it is reinforcing: it is more likely to be repeated in the future. The act is repeated so often that it becomes an obsession or compulsion. When the neutralising strategy seems effective it confirms the idea that the intrusive thought was dangerous or morally reprehensible and in need of elimination. This is the behavioural aspect of the disorder. – Keiron Walsh, ‘Obsessive Compulsive Disorder’, A-Level Psychology
Grade 4-6----------------August 19(Thursday)
1 teaspoon mint ,dried and ground
All pro sports organizations are in the “entertainment business.” But they are also a business for profit. The investments have to make “sense” in order to make “dollars!” That’s just a plain fact of life…
The other day I pulled this photo from a file and sketched it. I attempted to reach the author of the blog to get permission but it appears that her blog is no longer active and I have no name connected to the photo or the blog. If anyone knows the name of the blogger, please let me know so that I can make a proper attribution and contact her, if possible.
"Hello" (?) caught during an overnight study on why I keep getting woke up all the time. This is 15 minutes into my drowsing off. It's caught on the webcam next to the bed. I am lying still, and it's caught in the same corner of the room the other EVP was. There are no children in my apartment building. The guy who lives next to me has no kids. I think it says Hello, but I'm not sure, I know it is a child's voice.
Me: Really?! -wait, I can't do that. I have to work-get lost! Now...where to begin?
“Now, are we going to rock out or gossip like little bitches? Your call, girls! But, Make it now, ’cause tonight’s a big deal!”
No water is necessary, since it will rain.”
And though it’s red blood bleeding from her now
How full, how fat I am this morning with feeling. I give thanks for that.
Whilst today’s commercial approach to the ‘heritage industry’ means that the term is often used to describe waxworks and stately homes with people dressed as Tudors, the terms has far wider meaning than that. Heritage is our history, our personal and societal story. It’s a rich vein of learning that we do well to remember, both organisationally and personally.
And, deeming this an even greater marvel, Tsar Saltan again laid by his purpose to visit the island.
I love the freebie cheese papers that are sometimes offered at finer cheese purveyors, and if available, always take one in which to wrap my investment. At first, I admit that I felt a little sanctimonious over using a shi-shi product like cheese paper. But, cheese stored in plastic wrap, I've learned the hard way, is a kiss of death to our fine cultured treasures.
I'd been there about two weeks, rattling around and moping. My Mom asked the neighbor if her daughter would come introduce herself because, in her words, "All Dolley is doing is cooking, and eating, and getting fat!" One day, the doorbell rang and there she stood, "Hey, I'm Abigail, I live next door. Do you want to come over and listen to some records or something?" She teases now, that I beat her over to her house.
Play away from home and be found out – if you don’t want to embarrass your children then don’t do it!
Gold Watch with Diamond outside - £24.99 in River Island
Enter Suleiman Osman, a professor of American Studies at George Washington University who grew up in Park Slope. He has just released The Invention of Brownstone Brooklyn: Gentrification and the Search for Authenticity in Postwar New York.
(i) don’t purchase anything unless you truly feel you need it AND it’s a bargain. Otherwise you — and by you I mean your bank account if you are a mere mortal like me — will not survive this daily scrutiny of web boutiques
Fingers crossed for more good news soon!
“I know what you are thinking” He said.
I didn’t want to ruin the new bags though so here is a test run of the deer girl tote. I’m really glad I did this because even though I pressed really hard…I should have pressed even harder. Her legs didn’t fully transfer. Lesson learned! I also used Hobby Lobby iron on paper but received Lazertran (Lasertron? Too lazy to goodle it right now) iron on paper so maybe it’ll make the process easier.
We expanded our print reach to over 14 campuses and brought on national brands including Vitamin Water and ihome. Then in 2011 we moved to a digital platform and launched daily content on CollegeMagazine.com. In just a year we now reach 2 million college students online from universities nationwide. We’ve also run national contests including our “Wish I Had Known Freshman Year” postcard contest and the Kembrel Hipster photo contest. We recently had an article go viral, receiving national media coverage and just last month we were highlighted on The Conan O’Brien Show.
Greg ignored the comment. Jim always pretended to lament the loss of his bachelorhood, but Greg knew the truth—Jim loved being married.
Thanks for your response. I am Mr David McClean. the director of operations, ALLIANCE AND LEICESTER BANK PLC, London United Kingdom. I contacted you as regards to a business proposal that will be of an immense benefit to both of us and the less privileged ones. Being the director of operations of this Regional office I discovered a sum of Eighty Five Million Dollars($85M) belonging to one of our foreign customers Late Mr. Moises Saba Masri. He was a Jewish business mogul from Mexico that died on a helicopter crash early this year. Mr. Saba was 47-years-old when both his wife, his only son Avraham (Albert) and his daughter-in-law died in the helicopter crash.
We rejected the idea of fried pork pasta pretty quickly.
Give to me a pure heart, that flies with wind and rain,
It is not necessary to voice every thought that comes into your head.
Pages: 248
and mentioned that I would be sharing one more using the same set.
I really couldn't decide whether to leave her black and white so continued to colour the background with the mask in place. I wonder which you prefer, I'd love to know!
"if i can stomach 1.5hours watching stupid chickflicks, hantu bonceng yang entahpape tu, or matsalleh movies yang banyak maksiat tu kat movies yang takde benefits at all, why can't i spend that time watching this video?" - i questioned myself. imagine if it was me there, and if my child was killed. nauzubillah.. i admire the kids in this video too. no grudges, no hatred.. want to be a doctor to treat the injured.. *nangis* Ya Allah.. protect them..
This was not used to indicate the terminus of something but of continued duration.
This cake is slightly different because the recipe uses glutinous rice flour instead of all-purpose flour, which gives the texture a ‘mochi-mochi’ mouth feel. I also substituted water for milk, but you could definitely use evaporated or whole milk if you want a richer taste. This is not a heavy dessert like a cheesecake or an ice-cream parfait, which could be a blessing sometimes. It is great for a tea party with your friends, family gathering, or just for yourself with a cup of tea to enjoy.
The 2012 event offers a more interactive experience for the visitor, as the Moses Mabhida Stadium and its surrounding precinct and Peoples Park offers an exceptional, world-class venue with the necessary infrastructure required to host this impressive motoring festival. As well as the Live Stadium Show, visitors will also enjoy a huge variety of other exciting outdoor features situated around the precinct.
Thanks so much for playing and good luck.
Dear EasyBebe Customers,
Followers
he of the bald head with its three strands of hair and dribbles of perfume,
Gran Via - Calle de Peñalver.
I don't want to leave,
Lament Code opens up the EP and immediately catches the ear with acute and winding grooves that can only inspire closer attention. The riffs chug with an honest directness and craft which leads one further into the black depths of the song and to the waiting mesmeric vocals of Fredrick. She is like the alluring witch of old horror films, her vocals swaying, teasing, and casting a spell on the ear, her sirenesque charms masking the evil within. The song is a strong introduction to the EP and an instant indicator that Demon Lung is a band to watch very closely ahead.
Thought to print up a broadsheet of his scheming
I have a very beautiful elder sister (actually I have three). Anyway sometimes I think this sister doesn’t realise how very special she is. She’s always running round helping people, babysits more grandchildren than you could beat with sticks, and every time I’ve been in trouble she’s been right there.
Interest rates on federally subsidized student loans: the topic itself is a mouthful, and it’s a wonkish, unlikely issue to spark political debate. But the battle over interest rates, which are scheduled to increase from 3.4 to 6.8 percent in July, is shaping up to be Round 2 of the fight over the payroll tax cut. As with the payroll tax cut, leading Republicans claim to be for it in principle; they just want it to be paid for. But, as with the payroll tax battle, not everyone is staying on message. A claque of ultra-conservative House freshman are going off the ranch, once again showcasing John Boehner’s inability to control his caucus. When Republican representatives declare that they have “little tolerance” for people saddled with student debt, it illuminates the truth behind Boehner and Romney’s moderate rhetoric: the GOP doesn’t really like the principle of lower student-loan rates at all. In fact, the principle – that education is worthy of public support, that assistance to the working class is anything but money down a rat hole – is anathema to conservative ideology. Perhaps the divergent rhetoric represents genuine philosophical differences between Mitt “Massachusetts Moderate” Romney and the Tea Party, but I doubt it. Romney, ever the flip-flopper, was against low rates before he was for them, telling a student at a campaign event in Ohio that “It would be popular for me to stand up and say I’m going to give you government money to pay for your college, but I’m not going to promise that.” The real difference is that, while the party’s Tea Party element would rather self-destruct than brook an inch of compromise with Democrats (see: debt limit standoff), Boehner and Romney learned their lessons from the payroll tax cut fiasco. Republicans took a bruising in that fight, and the party’s leaders emerged just chastened enough not to relish a repeat.
Let me set the scene. Imagine every snow sports brand in the industry displaying their 2012-13 gear (skis, boards, boots, apparel, helmets, goggles, headphones, etc.), DJ’s spinning, women struttin’ around in bikinis, business transactions over beer, hippies hoola-hooping on top of buses, the list goes on and on. It’s a shocker anyone gets any business done.
Louis Vuitton, Marc Jacobs will open at Musee des Arts Decoratifs on March 9, 2012. This exhibition tells the stories of two men of fashion, separated by a century, Louis Vuitton and Marc Jacobs, and will highlight their contributions to the fashion world. Designed to be an analysis rather than a retrospective, this parallel Vuitton-Jacobs comparison is intended to provide new insight into the fashion system during its pivotal periods, beginning with its industrialisation and ending with its globalisation, focussing also on its artistic professions and crafts, technological advances, stylistic creations and artistic collaborations.
Lends an improbable answer.
“The election will be on Aug. 14.”
I swear I pulled muscles in my leg and back last night during a softball scrimmage…I’ll attribute that to a poor warm-up / stretch beforehand…stupid!
Search: “Garden whirligigs”
Visit Lake Norman along with officials from Huntersville Parks & Recreation and Visit Charlotte traveled to Rocky Mount, NC on December to make their bid presentation in front of Top Gun Sports board of directors. Last year’s Summer and Winter World Series brought in 41 teams traveling from West Virginia, Virginia, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina and generated an estimated $1,066,104 in visitor spending.
What are some things people should keep in mind while negotiating?
Article 59
I think if you have never read DA Carson before you will find this a helpful book and, perhaps, even a good book. Like I said, Carson is not wanting for scholarship skills. If you have never read him before you will get a very good introduction to the Reformed view of the cross (although the book is subtitled “The Cross and Resurrection of Jesus” the Resurrection of Jesus only gets one chapter to itself) and resurrection. This may or may not be a good thing. I think when we get so intent on defending a point of view we often fail to be challenged or changed by the story itself.
La cultura latina inspira mi corazón, puede que te inspire , así.
Bottom layer: refried beans (I used the dehydrated kind to which you add water. Love them!)
Cut a pound of smoked sausage into ½ inch lengths and have a pound of cleaned shrimp ready. Melt two table spoons of butter in a fry pan and toss the sausage and shrimp into the hot pan of melted butter. Sprinkle with Cajun seasoning. Cook until shrimp turn pink. It doesn’t take long.
And I am certain my dream was even worst than that.
Thanks so much for stopping by!!
Walker was an Alabama native who was a popular speaker on the rubber chicken circuit (occasionally teaming up with his buddy Frank Howard). He would leave Elon to coach at Wake Forest, leading that school to two bowl games (including the first Gator Bowl in 1946; the Demon Deacons defeated South Carolina 26-14). Walker is still the alltime winningest coach at Wake Forest. He also coached the Canadian Football League’s Montreal Alouettes.
My friend and fellow blogger, Rebecca Carney (http://onewomansperspective02.wordpress.com), wrote a blog a few days ago about the sifting process of life and loss. Because we have the loss of a child in common, I rarely miss her blog. When I commented on the sifting blog, she responded with “In my mind, I picture a giant colander (like the kind used in the kitchen) or flour sifter…or the kind of sifter used in panning for gold…during the sifting process, certain things stay in while others don’t. Sifting takes a great deal of shaking and disturbing the status quo…as does loss.”
Producer: S.Björn Blöndal
