Saddest Moment:
Vibration Lab are proud to present their latest Future Reggae creation, a new and original song by living legend Linval Thompson, one of the most important figures in Reggae music ! With his contributions as a singer, producer and label owner his importance can not be overstated.
"Look," I said, in my best teacher voice. "You might think I'm thick, but two separate Telstra employees told me and my husband that this was part of a promotion. The words "you will not be charged for this" were uttered, twice. At no point in time would I ever, EVER, sign up for a recording device costing $300, especially since all it did was stuff the telly up and break down all the time."
Here’s a video:
The appearance is a thick, cloudy brown. The head disappears quickly. It looks very thick.
This is Part 26 in a 32 part instalment thanks to an email I found when cleaning up my work emails.
• Build healthy and a regular effective communication within your team to share ideas and feelings. This is essential to analyze issues and pave the way for successful team work.
Almost as soon as we bought it, it was time to tell the builder our interior colors.
My birthday(Halloween) has come and gone and I was out of town. Still, with thoughtful parents I was able to see how cute the grandkids looked. I know it is sort of like viewing vacation slides but seriously these kids are cute.
I still have to pick locations/minor characters/quirks/arguments/dialogue/small dilemmas for the scenes and the real fun details that would make this whole thing interesting to read. This is probably going to take a lot of time and after I start writing I may not even following these details.
What a wonderful loving Christmas present! I finally got it I have been affirmed by this beautiful group of artists in the mix media world and this art group. And now I see I have been blessed by the professional and academic world too!
Venue addresses:
Anyway, today’s request had my sister’s approval, so I signed up. Immediately, I was invited to connect with 195 people in one of my email address books. Uh-oh. Should I do it? Should I do it? What would this mean? I didn’t even recognize half the names that popped up.
Dana, I love you, but what you’ve said couldn’t be further from the truth. You’re a kingpin in the MMA world and when you say things like this, people listen. I’m not sure if there was a larger context that this statement belongs in, but if this is meant to be a stand alone stance, it fails on several levels. Firstly, if getting paid was a prerequisite for competing, where would we be? I’m hoping you were just speaking to the multitude of smaller promotions that don’t deserve to be putting on shows. As far as the solid promotions that do things right, I think you’re missing the boat.
Perhaps, this is why it could only be Elvis – because being made happy and entertained for just a short time, is the only thing we complex and diverse humans can agree to.
Dora cake
But up there at the courthouse they didn't laugh
The set and props crew started turning up at rehearsals every week sawing bits of wood, measuring up, creating goats with flexible parts, painting giant faces of Pharaoh’s and showing me everything from snakes to Bibles. The costume team appeared with beautiful drawings and ideas of how the characters would come to life on the stage. As I turned away I am sure I saw one of them out the corner of my eye coming towards me tape measure in hand.
Mill was something of a child genius. His father was a follower of Jeremy Bentham, so the young Stuart grew up with a good working knowledge of Utilitarianism.
"And you actually think we could sell this dirty, wadded up old-ass shirt of yours that smells like B.O.?"
6. Serve over your yellow rice and enjoy!
The longer I’m without you
In 1959, SAD was part of the EWC-HU’s Africa Airlift welcoming team that greeted Barack Obama, Sr. at Hawaii Airport. Beyond doubt, SAD was directly connected to the CIA’s EWC-HU Africa Airlift project.[74]
The glittens on the right are an example of recent learning, I’d never done 2 coloured rib or fairisle in the round. I’d read it was all really tricky and I nearly wimped out and went out and bought a variegated yarn but decided I was going to try the “hard way” first. And I’m glad I did as I loved making these glittens, they weren’t as hard as I’d imagined and I’ve added to my repetoire of skills.
harder for this bond to be broken. God is drawn to us because He cannot resist someone
In 2000, the UK wing of Thomas Nelson was acquired by Wolters Kluwer and became part of the educational imprint Nelson Thornes. The American wing remains a large independent publisher based in Nashville, Tennessee and it is currently the sixth largest American trade publisher and the world's largest Christian publisher. Thomas Nelson is the publisher for many leading Christian authors, including Billy Graham, Max Lucado, John Eldredge, John Maxwell, Charles Stanley, and Ted Dekker. In 2003, Thomas Nelson USA launched the fiction imprint WestBow Press. It is with this imprint that our story continues today.
4) Learn the Invocation Aria from Norma
A Little Background: Some More Considerations
Not as far as I know. Apparently they have this thing of recording hours and hours of stuff and then they might go back and use something from two years ago and rework it into something else. So I don’t know, but I certainly don't recognise anything.
~ Whether or not you want to do an interview or would just like a standard .jpg of the book cover(s)/author info/excerpt.
And in other news, a handful of other little happy things this morning, because I haven't done this in a while:
5. What happened to people seeing the world as the place to explore and discover, grow and learn and not just what you go out and see if you have time.
In my life, in/around recovery for 20 years I have seen many many people over shoot the mark and die, i have seen the ones purposely do it and accidentally do it. It is my solemn and firmest belief that the universe is most kind and loving and when someone has tried and tried but cannot find their way out of the dark and into the light, that sometimes, the light reaches out for them. I think she struggled as much as she could and a universal kindness was bestowed to stop her pain. Sometimes we don't get the lesson in human form.
Would you like to be featured on a future “Feature You Friday”? It’s a great way to show off your skills, share your talents, or promote a business, blog or cause that’s dear to you. All you need to do is send us a photo (or photos) of a project to the blog at blog@stitchsteals.com. If you are chosen, your work (and links) will be seen by all of our StitchSteals Blog readers and Facebook fans. Submit your photos today – we can’t wait to see what you have come up with!
1 anchovy
-She loves to say "cheeeeeseeee" for the camera. Whether the picture turns out or not, depends on if she actually stopped moving to say cheese, which usually isn't the case.
A piece of me
This lowball cocktail has the outdoorsman in mind, what with whiskey, brandy and a hint of cherry, it is a perfect way to relax after walking up and down the streets of Palermo Soho or the Recoleta, helping your “Huntress” shop for clothes. For the ladies there is also a slightly more delicate version, the Huntress Cocktail. Good luck!
Playwright Brian Friel’s genius lifts the quotidian nature of a family drama to the art of an unconventional play born out of the memory of one character, Michael Evans.
The boy is dropping water beads into the half-pipe. He does it twice, each time watching carefully the motion of the beads rolling and bouncing down the half-pipe and not starting again until he sees where the bead ends up. The third time he goes to set the bead in the half-pipe, he notices a broken bead in the tube. This time he does not watch where the bead goes that he places in the half-pipe. Instead, he tries to help the broken bead down the half-pipe. It doesn't roll. Why does one bead roll down and the other doesn't? His actions show how he is trying to figure it out.
Scarborough itself, although full of old pretty buildings and features and a lovely beach, suffers from the typical seaside town infliction of tacky arcades and crappy shops that seem to take away from the enjoyment of the original aesthetic.
The title and authors are as follows, and perhaps they can forgive me. I don’t know how to contact them anyway. Does anybody have their contact information? Here is the title, credits, and warning:
He care not about wealth or riches and like St. Francis of Assisi He cared not about the trappings of wealth or the self-glorification and ego-gratification that wealth offered.
Who, though, other than Delany, is trying to show that SF is distinguished from non-SF primarily through its language? (I ask that honestly, not rhetorically. I don't have an omniscient knowledge of SF criticism.)
1/4 c. water
what joy
Many of us know all of that, and maybe have even done something about it. After all, it's actually fairly obvious, albeit difficult to attain. But the bigger myth, the ugly lie, is the illusion that all of that control will actually lead to a desired outcome.
So the premise was quite simple. Set up a photo stall at a tattoo convention and offer very reasonably priced professional photography. And with the camera tethered to the laptop, and the laptop able to access the internet, the photos could be taken, edited and emailed to the customers quickly and simply. They could even pay via Paypal if they wished.
So this week, I celebrate some NSVs!
So in this lesson we'll continue to explore various types of form poetry but with an artistic twist. You'll need a construction paper, markers or crayons, scissors, and glue or tape for this lesson. To begin with, go back to Lesson 8 and review various types of Form Poetry. Be sure to check out the links at the bottom of Lesson 8 to read some fun poems. Giggle Poetry has an especially good selection.
All the colouring except the skin tones are with my fav pencils prisma's of course! and i've dug out my fav sizzix swirl die once again (can't get enough of this!) I've used the gorjuss Tilda with bunny stamp from magnolia and the brand new Bird Background from the new rainbow collection which i've been dying to ink up and colour!
Illness and Disease;
One final hurrah for the various technologies contained within BMW products near the bmw m3 csl videos of the sharpest-handling luxury 4x4s money could buy. In 2004, the bmw m3 csl msrp a sports car that would necessarily benefit from a package of racy styling tweaks. A supermini or family hatch might be a sad day for us.
Lets get back to goals.
I was hoping that Kevin would be home to take them trick or treating for the first time. There will be many years ahead I'm sure.
any harm,
"I think you mean peri-menopausal," I said.
I eat three balanced meals so that each meal is solidly adding up to include almost something from EVERY food group: protein, milk (usually 60 cal yogurt), fruit and on two of the meals, I have a bread serving or two that NEVER exceed three servings a day. Yesterday, I had one for breakfast and two in the form of a sandwich for lunch and NONE for supper. Today, I am not sure, but for breakfast I will have one as I always do and then it might be one on lunch and supper, or it could be one lunch and none supper. I look at that particular category as pretty flexible and also that it makes my available choices a little broader. I NEVER eat starchy veggies along with actual bread or pasta (always whole grain varieties!) b/c then my carb servings would exceed my limit of three per day. I generally don't eat preprepared box cereal as the carb count is VERY high for the 1/2-1 cup serving...it's not that I don't love the stuff, either! It's totally looking at a limit of generally consuming NO foods that contain more than about 21 carbs per serving...and I am a much bigger eater than just a once cup serving of cereal and 1/2 to 1 cu of milk for THAT amount of carbs..make sense? My breakfast which I have consumed in some variety for now a total of over nine and half months generally consists of eggs or cheese, bread, yogurt and fruit. It's also been comprised of sugar free peanut butter and a slice of bread...I've even allowed myself the pleasure of occasional whole wheat raisin bread as long as sugar is fifth ingredient down...I REALLY READ all those labels now..and KEEP UP with those 'food totals' EVERYDAY as I GO along...no surprises for me...
Another thing to do would be change what happens at the final choice. Instead of making it all the same scene with the difference being whether the Reapers leave or fall over and what light is fired, give us more detailed more thought out endings. Show us what is happening to our favorite and least favorite squad mates. Show Kasumi stealing something from someone, or Jack paying for her student’s tattoos at a parlor. Show us Liara or Ashely doing their duties – and if you romanced them, show them pregnant. Give us an idea of what is happening over the past few months after the Reaper invasion.
The bank will – surprise! surprise! – be a private company… just like the other private companies which Taib and his cronies have used to steal state assets for private profit.
I realized that, in all that tumult of foundations and energy, you could, if you wanted to, listen for the subtle, cello-like moan of distant trains, with their echoes and their friction; and it occurred to me, then, that the whole system, the entirety of the Berlin U-Bahn, could pass for a working model of the universe.
2. ‘If I were to become a drug lord, these are the character traits I must develop.’
5 And they rose up in the twilight, to go unto the camp of the Syrians: and when they were come to the uttermost part of the camp of Syria, behold, there was no man there.
That poor sucker was DNA tested to be over 9,000 years old. They are not sure how he died, just that he had "died violently."
Sitting on blankets and pillows spread across the living room floor.
Firstly, a template was made from 3mm ply for the helix segments. As my helix is only single track compared to double track in the article, I made my segments 90mm wide. I also made my segments as one-eighth of a circle to maximise what I could fit on an 8’ x 4’ sheet of 6mm ply with minimum waste. The helix requires 80 of these segments, 16 per level. As mentioned in the article, these get laminated together to form a roadbed of 12mm thickness which should be very strong and not require any splice plates. Splice plates have the disadvantage of reducing the clearance between levels.
Her home is just as charming and delightful as you might imagine. Books everywhere (always a good sign), cozy, warm, magical mementos and lovely paintings throughout. And, if Harry Potter had emerged from the trees in the yard, with hat and cape in hand, I would not have batted an eye.
It is coincidental that the symptoms of Chronic Lyme, and Chronic fatigue syndrome are almost impossible to differentiate. It also explains why despite antibiotic treatments, these patients fail to show improvements.
The same goes for what liquids we put into your body. GM recently posted an article about this woman who drank too much Coke-Cola and it was said that her 2.6 gallon a day addiction of Coke-Cola is what brought her to her untimely death at 30 years old. The article goes onto to say that Coke-Cola will not kill you per say but that anything in excess is certainly not good for you. Truly, too much of anything is not good. After reading the article I was wondering is it really possible to drink too much water?? I found that it is, it’s mostly found in athletes and babies. I found that the average person couldn’t drink themselves sick. It requires quite a bit more than I drink in a days time. When it comes to water I always use the rule ‘half your body weight in ounces of water a day’. That’s REALLY hard to do especially when you aren’t used to it. You will spend most of the day in the bathroom, truly!
This cloudy Golden Ale has some great aromas. Bananas and cream, lemons, rhubarb and custard penny sweets. It's certainly a Belgian Ale for sure. Loads of buzzing carbonation, a nice yeasty bready bite, all the flavours mentioned in the aroma and then some. It's a beautiful beer, which is definitely my pick of the bunch. It's better than a lot of Belgian beers we sell! I think I saw Dave asking if it would benefit from some more time in the bottle last night? (it's very fresh) - I don't really think so, it's pretty perfect now.
Cleaned lids are due to International Office by 12/15. Mail them to: 3450 Founders Road, Indianapolis, IN 46268. Be sure to note which alumnae or collegiate chapter should receive credit!
FRUITS OF FALSE EXPERIENCES
Why were we all clamoring to hear this talk? Lehrer spoke about creativity. Bottom line? Creativity is about connections. Connections between people, ideas, circumstances. True moments of insight happen out of nowhere and are accompanied by a feeling of certainty.
bonzo'd gone an entire two and a half years without getting sick and then got hit twice in one month's time? and the chooch and i so rarely get sick either. after a full two weeks of being totally recovered from round one, i guess we were extra susceptible because our immune systems had been so worked over – so we're stepping up our game over here in a big way.
I also smiled privately when I read, "I'm not lucky, I deserved it." said by Margaret Thatcher. I can just imagine those words coming out of the Iron Lady's lips!
Tourist B: I think this is where the Vestal Virgins lived.
Well, and more. It was an odd experience to know that you're going to get sick. The cold itself was supposed to be mild, but in my family colds tend to migrate to the chest. It was a good ten days before I was back to normal again.
“I was 10 years old”, she writes, “just when I needed my mother the most…Everything now seemed lost. How could we go on without her love, courage, and the wonderful mother she was?”
PJ: “I always joke that I’m making up for my lack of talent. Having originally been based outside of London, it takes 10 times as much work to get yourself noticed when you are not in the capital. I think the work ethic comes from my parents who both worked so hard to provide me with a great upbringing.”
While the study examined the link between religion, compassion and generosity, it did not directly examine the reasons for why highly religious people are less compelled by compassion to help others. However, researchers hypothesize that deeply religious people may be more strongly guided by a sense of moral obligation than their more non-religious counterparts.
of an august day,
Wrought Iron Furniture For Your Home
“Well, it is how it started out,” I said, “I knew your first name first. By the way, why don’t you go by it?”
***How are my reading goals going, you ask?
his hand frantically searching for mine,
It didn't. And I have no idea why!
It was Tim's birthday on Friday so as it was the nicest day of the weekend weather wise we set off for Portsmouth and met friends for lunch and a wander round the city. Lovely sunshine,sea views, good food and laughter. A really great birthday outing.
Bitterblue by Kristin Cashore
And yet he’s still gone. That goneness is something I struggle with — how can he be dead? I wanted his suffering to be over, so I was relieved when he died, but somehow I never understood how very gone he would be. I don’t want him to be gone, but he’s not coming back, and there is not a damn thing I can do about it.
Elmo
I will keep you posted on how much I use the vest. I certainly hope it doesn’t become another in a long string of exercise paraphernalia that I’ve bought and not used. I need to make a concentrated effort to use it on a regular basis, and then see if it gets easier. That should demonstrate that something is improving on me physically – ideally more muscles! And since I’m having my metabolic rate tested this Friday, if they test it again in 3 months (which is the idea, on the premise that we are going to “up” the exercise during that time), then hopefully the results will show there as well.
OMG... have you checked them out yet.....Here is a quick link for you to take a look, but remember to come on back so I can share all DT girls stunning card creations....
Visual media: “Deep Silence” By Joseph Eagle www.eaglezen.com
So let me get this straight, Nanny thinks that the "exciting" packaging on fag packets is one of the prime motivators for people to smoke?
it was when they got to use their wishes
I never lived in the South. Never visited. Never came face to face ... with the Knight Riders of the Ku Klux Klan. Striking fear, reigning terror. Can't imagine. And thus (for me) only a (virtual) memory.
Level 1: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 5.5%.
CMOS Types have a Suffix
But thanks to my friends, I didn't have to wonder as to how my quilts did in the show. :-). Between Facebook posts and text messages, I knew that one of the two quilts I submitted had won a ribbon. I didn't know which quilt, nor what ribbon until I got back into town late Sunday afternoon and made it to the show. Yes, Ashante Rhythms won a 3rd Place Ribbon, in the wall art category of "people, portraits, animals of other recognizable forms"
Yup Globe’s got cruisers out. Grab one and go for a chill bomb down the nearest hill or just push around. Super smooth and extra grippy, they make a great X-mas gift! Use the code on the flyer for a 25% discount.
Another great way to learn to write effective dialogue is to read actively. I use the word actively to distinguish the difference between reading to be entertained and reading to learn. When reading actively, you are analyzing the author’s words; it’s not as much fun as reading for joy, but it’s the first step toward an endless reservoir of a virtually free education. For learning how to write effective dialogue, I pay close attention to how the author not only chooses his words, but when he chooses to insert them. I pay attention to how one character responds to another and take note of my own emotional response to it. Was it riveting? Saddening? Relieving? Terrifying? Then I ask myself why. I go back and re-read the lines that hooked me and try to determine what the author did to inspire such a strong response.
And this time we’ll get it right. We’ll stop the days of apologizing for success at home and never again apologize for America abroad.
I also got basil for my garden as I always do every year. This year, basil has been growing really well so I have already harvested them twice and made pesto pasta. This pesto was really good. I wrote it down the recipe so I would like to upload it some other time.
Kind of like somebody I know…
Instead, the Baffert entourage may be toasting in the Churchill Downs’ winners’ circle on Saturday evening. It would be quite a story.
Pour into suitable dish
I hope Tatay fully recovers from the stroke. They have surpassed a lot of things and I just hope Tatay and Nanay will share more happy and loving years together. They deserve it.
Inora: HEY! We're back!!!
Upon such visuals we hear a voice over:
I just happened to notice today that this blog has been alive for two years as of... March 13th.
1. Boneless beef top sirloin steaks, $1.97/lb. at H-E-B (through 1/18/11)
So let’s celebrate what’s great this January 26. Be thankful that we live in a place that has a bit of something for everyone. And let’s spare a thought for those who just don’t get it – the wife-beating advocates hiding behind extreme religion, the chair-throwing tennis retards wrapped in the flags of their warring grandfathers, the mental-midgets who want to hold racist beach parties, the social engineers who want to level the playing field by making everybody dumb-arsed and on welfare and any other slap-head who needs to take a good hard look at themselves.
My girl was the first to spot these behind the house. i was extremely thrilled to see that the Showy orchids are coming up again. i transplanted one of these onto our property a few years ago, and not only has it returned they have started spreading. :)
March 19th I’ve noted that it was a “really sad day – crying, hopeless, demotivated, abandoned and dumped with troubles”. I guess I was really having a woe is me day, I was entitled. Another girlfriend from the yacht club called to see how I was doing, we’d been really good friends with she and her hubbie for many years, but Rob and her hubbie had a falling out and that ended the friendship as couples, but I’d always remained friends with her.
Well, I love lace and I love chiffon so I just had to get this blouse! Once again, the quality is pretty good, better than expected! The sleeves and length is perfect for me, it's just... quite big :( but maybe it will look ok when worn!
Last I made the pie, it only needs to set 30 minutes and I had to run to the store for a pie shell so that is why it came last. It as all things Homemade Gourmet are was super simple to make. I put milk and the mix in the mixer and mixed on medium high til I got soft peaks. Then I added the cream cheese, and mixed on high until it was mousse consistency. I then dumped all that in the pie crust and my husband ran off with the bowl and spatula. Personally I think it needs more chocolate, It has too much of a cream cheese taste and not enough chocolate. My husband says he was expecting something like a jello and cool-whip flavor, but was happier with this. He agrees it's not as chocolate, but he thinks it has a better flavor than the jello version. In all it's a hit at our house and it will probably show up again and again :)
As well as all things you would expect to see, carrots, strawberries, lettuce etc. there are less usual things such as mouse melons and chapters on edible flowers, eggs and honey. Each section comes with full cultivation instructions and recipes that are a bit different from the norm.
So here's a couple of thoughts on all the Nightmare movies, in a way, my current way of facing my fears, by thinking about the memories attached to them.
Yesterday You Yelled Yes!
Spoonflower.com is a relatively young site that allows you to design and/or purchase fabrics of all kinds. And by all kinds, I mean not only a vast array of designs by seasoned as well as burgeoning fabric artists; I also mean a great selection of fabric weights from quilt to upholstery, including organic options. Below is a sample of one of my favorites. Bora: a Dutch designer with sweet but not-toooo-sugary aesthetic that I love. Her color palettes, her adorable characters--just stinkin' crazy cute! Anyway, head on over to Spoonflower and peruse to your heart's content. It's not only fun (if you're a fabric freak) but can be a font of inspiration, too. Think of all the great items you can sew--or have sewn for you--that will be totally unique to your own sense of fashion or decor! Enjoy!
And, when we have had sex, it’s not been emotionally fulfilling, either, because he can’t/won’t form a deeper connection connection with me. It has became more and more painful emotionally over the years.
So many of our views of ourselves are formed by people who we have no idea about themselves. The mirror that society holds up to us is much broken and distorted. Each person reflects and projects their nature on to you. (abhyAsa : People’s judgements of you – reflections, projections, clues.)
¨ Monica Fairview
notice small gestures and movements
The otters –(at the WILD! Center) I really miss them – what we their names again? I remember the little cave you could go in and poke your head up and you could see everything the otters could see.
As I walked I kept looking south to follow this masked white bird with the blue trim. This high up and with the clear sky about me I was able to keep sight of him for quite some time. He was traveling away from me but not very quickly. Every now and then he would tack around, what oddly seemed to me at the time, looking back at me. On his third successive tack, and again looking back at me, I had another instinctive feeling in the back of my head and turned to see that my two raven friends who broke off from the fray and flew off northward were now, in fact, engaged in another dive, beaks leading, aiming right for my head. Reflex took over and I dived as one, then the other, passed what seemed inches above the furthest extension of my back pack as I lay there, once again, on the sunbaked slab rock summit on the top of Black Crater. What had gotten into these two? Instead of climbing and leaving for good they were alternately riding on the air current, rising up in altitude, then diving down again at me and aiming for my person; one then the other. I looked over to the white bird that was again tacking and looking back at me hugging the rock on the mountain top.
Following a week of paralysis in the socio-economic sector, the government on January 16 agreed to revert the price of petroleum to N97 per litre.
I am thankful.
The article boldly talks about commercials which center on interracial romance and relationships; the article wrongly claims that this is 'taboo', when in fact it is already being promoted increasingly in the media, and has been for some time.
A powerful element at the core of the current cultural crisis is the intensified pressure upon higher education professors as “content-deliverers” who must justify and quantify the ultimate applications and uses of the information and knowledge acquired (or not) by their students.
Here’s how you determine your score for the stressful life events list:
The North of England's premier Natural History Museum unravels the secrets of the natural world through sensational galleries and close encounters with reptiles and insects.
Visions of knights and castles, and medieval chambers transport you out of the real world and into John Sindelar's fantastic tool collection, only 1/10th of which was brought to the conference.
Recent events (i.e. the last post) on this blog are SO not funny, I can't even handle myself.
4. Sarah Michelle Gellar has expecting a second child with husband Freddie Prinze Jr. Their first child, Charlotte Grace, was born in 2009.
Fish Sauce – 1 tbsp
Anyways…moving onto brighter things! I intend to begin my quest as the little guy from Fable tonight. Hopefully, I shall enjoy the game as much as everyone is telling me! Yes, I know, I am making a bigger deal than necessary about this…but it has been so long since I have actually played an entirely fresh game!
When I lived in London I dressed in dreary black, grey, off-white, eggshell, navy, sludge, taupe, with a touch of dark red. I also covered my body up a lot with layers of wool and thermal undergarments. That is mainly because it is freezing in England for much of the time.
I made a Flower Hot Pad for learning some new skills in crocheting, but it turned out quite a bit differently than in the photo of the finished product. Oh well…
I fired up the Kitchen Aid.
and gazelles hurdle by
For the fourth year in a row, Tour de Fat is looking for volunteers to accept the swapper challenge. One volunteer in each city will give up their car and receive a hand-built Black Sheep (http://www.blacksheepbikes.com/) commuter bike. The volunteer is chosen after submitting a video or essay describing their desire to live sans-car for a year. To submit an application, log on to http://www.newbelgium.com/tour-de-fat.
TGIF!
My witchcraft practices, they are very raw. I work largely out of intuition. I do what needs doing as it arises. I do not fuss over much. While, on occasion, I will plan out and prepare in advance for a spell/working or ritual, I largely work my magic in the manner of the present design. With what I have in the moment, for what I feel in the moment.
6 darrington
As a kid I didn't have hands-on experience with the topics I was reading but I did gain some comprehension of the mechanical world: how jet planes fly, how to pour concrete, how appliances work or how to use a machinist’s lathe.
Dolly Wink again XD because its affection can't be denied. Tsubasa Masuwaka, you are bad! The lashes are actually limited edition one. Lashes case is not the usual case which is pink. This one is purple and kinda cute too :) Too bad, till now I haven't open the package yet. Their home sweet home for now is in my closet wtf.
I believe every woman has her shopping vice. For some, it’s make-up. For others, it’s hair care products. Some women have a particular fabric that they can’t resist. (My mother never met a 100% silk article of clothing that she didn’t have to own IMMEDIATELY.)
INDIANAPOLIS, Indiana — US authorities have seized a record $4.8 million in fake Super Bowl souvenirs and tickets and shut down 669 websites, most from China, aimed at duping consumers with counterfeit items. US Immigration and Customs Enforcement …
With a disapproving tsk, Aurelius muttered, “You’ve clearly outgrown them! Which makes sense since you’re almost big enough to prop an elbow on.” He demonstrated, then mussed up Tupper’s hair. “A little taller, a lot shaggier, and do I detect a bit of a turn in those horns of yours?”
The past week or so I have been battling an infection that has raged through my body. I went to the emergency room last week and I was put on oxygen; I was at the ER three days in a row. I am still taking two forms of antibiotics. Yet, through this sickness good has come. I have been graced with the chance to reconnect with my Mom. Other blessings have come, I will not list all of them here, but through this awful disease, I have witnessed that life is a gift and should be treasured as such.
When the time came to make this movie, Reynolds asked Steven Spielberg who’d shot most of Jaws (1975) in the open sea, about the pitfalls one might expect when shooting a film on open water. Spielberg’s answer? “I would never shoot another picture on water” But Reynolds went and did his picture in the ocean anyway, this wouldn’t be the first time Reynolds’s confronted problems while making a film, but then again, making a good film is never an easy task. Problems are someting you simply have to overcome when making a movie. For example: catastrophe started from day one, when the two main actresses in the film (Jeanne Tripplehorn and Tina Majorino) almost drowned when a boat sank and dragged them down into the ocean with them! A major set actually sank into the ocean! They had to stop production on three occasions because of Hurricane warnings. There was also some on set hostility because crew members didn’t have comfortable accommodations. Rumors where running around that two stunt men had died while shooting an action scene, which was never true! In other words, this production was a genuine, true blue, cluster fuck of a production. The result? Kevin Reynolds abandoned the picture and Kevin Costner himself ended up directing part of it. The final cut of the film was not overseen by Kevin Reynolds, creative differences frustrated the director so much he left it in other peoples hands to finish the picture. Reportedly, Reynolds and Costner had differences on the way things should be done. According to IMDB, Reynolds felt that Kevin Costner “should only star in films he directs, that way he can work with his favorite actor and director” Since then, Costner and Reynolds have put all that animosity behind them, but during and after Waterworld things got ugly between them.
Irrespective of whether a degree in events management is a "real" degree or not, one might ask why it is that the lecturers are so aggrieved by the link up.
Happy Birthday Ellen!
Preheat oven to 350°F and grease a loaf pan. Whisk together flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl. Zest your lemon and rub it into the cup of sugar in a separate bowl, using your fingers for maximum effect. Mix in the yogurt, eggs and vanilla. Then mix in the dry ingredients and fold in the olive oil using a spatula. Pour into loaf pan and bake in oven for 50-55 minutes (I took mine out a little earlier because I didn't want it to dry up too much and the edges were turning dark). Use the old toothpick trick. Let cool on rack.
…but fuh shur I know that Barbados Underground’s call for Hamas and Hezbollah to target the whites and indians is not the answer for Barbados.
I’m consistently touched, moved and inspired by us humans and how we travel through this phase we call life. With all it’s highs and lows we keep going, through every trial and culturally varying tribulation we sweep the floor and put decorations on the tree. And we do all this even though we know, in some small, quiet pocket of our minds, that one-day, and we don’t know when, we’re just going to die and not be here anymore. For me this isn’t depressing – it’s inspiring.
The transformation of China in recent years has been simply spectacular. Credit for the country’s outstanding achievement first goes to its visionary leader Deng Xiaoping, who started the well-known ‘reform process’. It is said that although Xiaoping had long espoused that China needed to shed its isolationist philosophy, it was after his meeting with Lee Kuan Yew, the father of modern Singapore in 1978, that he decided to cross the Rubicon.
I have to admit that this is a fluff post. I have a big post I'm mulling over but have gathering to do before I can write it. So today, because not much else of worth can get out around that Big One I'm working on, you'll have to bear with me on the fluff. But fluff is good, too, yes? We all need distractions and silly stuff to keep us going, I think.
It depends on her mood
Even if America was a Christian Nation, Christianity has not held the imagination of American cultural for at least the past 30 years. We have cultural relics of our religious past remaining, but most of these have been co-opted by the empire for its own political use, both left and right.
So the pony Kat has been getting a break. I have't done a lot with him. I pulled him out last week, dusted him off, tacked him up with the harness and drove him around like we have been doing it all along.
He guards his red soles jealously – Pantone 18 Chinese red – and is currently embroiled in an ongoing legal battle with YSL over their use of a red sole.
I BAPed at Bishop Woodford House, the Diocesan Retreat Centre of the Diocese of Ely. (The other regular venue is Shallowford.) I travelled by train and would thoroughly recommend this. The selectors themselves encourage you to take extra-great care of yourself if you drive home, as you are more mentally tired than perhaps you should be for a long drive. The only downside of train-travel is crossing London from Kings Cross to wherever during the rush hour as I did on the way home… I loath the Tube at the best of times… but I wouldn’t have wanted to drive (especially via the M25 at the same time of day!)
How well her wishes went! She stroked my chin,
“Guus! What goes through yer head? Eh?” Bernie said looking at Guus and lowering his epic, grey eyebrows. “What he means, dear, is that she’s had a good life- has a good life. What she needs and wants she gets and then some. And she’s a beauty, too, my word. You’d have to be to be a princess.”
Exemplifying
I would encourage them to start small and see what they like. Understand that cloth diapering is a process. It's not something that you learn how to do one time and then you're set. Even cloth diapering pros are constantly trying new things and adjusting their routine as needed. But that's what makes it fun and so practical!
J - Job: building care taker
Thanks for a chance.
Either way, God gets all the glory!
As we angled South, and then East along the lake, long, metallic fingers jutted out from the shore like shards of fingers, bitten off at odd angles as they stretched. They obliterated everything around them, reflecting light back into my eyes, shielded through the tinted glass of my window.
Favorite color: Generally, I like green. Right now I'm loving mint, coral, teal and Tangerine Tango. Really depends on my mood though.
V.A. - Best of ...Both Worlds (the 18th jazz funk compilation)
There is so much I hope I never forget.
Nice scenes with Arya again, first with chief Lannister, then with Jaqen H’ghar giving her three death wishes, i.e. of people she wants dead. I’m not sure the executioner was one killed in the book but I see who he might have replaced (or I could be remembering incorrectly). Still it makes for good fun.
While nearly all of the social networks’ official mobile apps are eclipsed by third-party offerings in terms of interface, functionality and user reaction, only rarely does an app truly set new boundaries in what it takes to be an exceptional app.
This week's question of the week is:
Better to play it safe. "Dagdan, take a look."
local berries and hand whipped cream
1. Custard powder (vanilla flavor) – 2 tbsp
I'll let you deduce the life lesson for the last one.
"We shall have world government, whether or not we like it. The question is only whether world government will be achieved by consent or by conquest." - James Warburg (Rothschild Banking Agent 1950)
The light bounces off the input and is seen by one of the three pieces, this piece then belongs to a three part method.
Okay, I'm not really big on New Year's Resolutions. One, because I usually forget what I resolved a month into the new year, and two, because I usually don't follow through (obviously!)
Yet not everyone has a rosy view of the dollar’s rise. Whether it is a boon or a bane depends on which side of the coin you stand.
As we know from my earlier ramblings, a cliche can be a phrase or a description which was originally so striking and so useful that everyone wanted to use it. And everyone did, and it passed into common parlance and from there into this weird, Zombie-Word-Graveyard where, while the phrase is tossed around like glitter at a beauty pageant, the words within it have become meaningless.
Elizabeth (Lisa) Martin Gregg, 52, New York, N.Y.
Upcycle ideas that are sure to be attention getters:
It's terrible, tragic and ironic, but it also makes sense - in a weird, double-agent-ironic way - that this small, understated story of remembering and loss should be on the verge of falling into the vacuum. The story is, after all, an extended meditation on nostalgia, grieving and renewal. It's about preserving yourself against the abyss; carving a space of light in a world where all seems dark. When Tom Birkin (Colin Firth) arrives in the tiny Yorkshire hamlet of Oxgodsby, he suffers from a stammer, a facial tic and terrible nightmares. He's also freshly divorced and still pining for his ex-wife, Vinnie (never shown on screen). He arrives in Oxgodsby in rainy twilight and makes his way to a gloomy church. His job for the coming summer months is to restore a decrepit, hidden 14th-century fresco from the church's ancient walls.
It is of course entirely possible that the third option is not the explanation for Dr. Chang's statements. It might be that he is fully aware of what is being asked of him, and refuses to answer honestly out of fear that he will offend adoptive families, who he feels are good and benevolent people (who also happen to support his projects by buying his DVDs). Or it is possible that the first option is correct -- that he really is ignorant of the true state of affairs in a majority of China's orphanages. Maybe he has never even thought to ask an area foster family or other orphanage employee if they pay "Lucky Money" to people who turn in kids. I am sure if he had visited Shaoyang in 2005 no one would have volunteered where many of that orphanage's kids came from. There are no signs above the orphanages stating "We buy babies for cash." One must look for it. One must ask people questions. It is possible that Dr. Chang has never asked those questions, and thus he would not have been made aware of these programs.
In addition to studying and investigating different models of journalism, students will be getting first-hand experience in what has been called “grassroots,” “community” and “citizen” journalism by working at WFHB Community Radio in Bloomington. Students will be investigating and reporting on important community issues as part of the WFHB news staff. Community Journalism is a recognized IU service-learning class.
The initiative is part of a web of investments and reconstruction plans that have taken hold across Africa in recent years, on a scale unseen since the road and rail networks were first laid down by European colonisers. They include massive Chinese construction programmes that have unnerved western countries, which fear loss of trade and influence on the continent.
One lovely evening Gem called me out to the balcony of our hotel room in Haarlem. From there we watched as a couple, a beautiful young woman in a summer dress, her hair in a blonde chignon, and a handsome young man in a suit and tie, arrived at a restaurant from two different directions. They waved at each other and then got off their bikes. He greeted her with the bouquet of flowers which had been resting in the basket at the back of his bike. Obviously a date. It was like a scene from a movie, only it was real.
It is notable that three of the eight worst press freedom abusers in the entire survey—Belarus, Uzbekistan, and Turkmenistan—are found in Eurasia. Other countries of special concern include Russia, Azerbaijan, and Kazakhstan. The media environment in Russia is characterized by the use of a pliant judiciary to prosecute independent journalists, impunity for the physical harassment and murder of journalists, and continued state control or influence over almost all traditional media outlets. This was mitigated somewhat by an increase in use of the internet, social media, and satellite television to disseminate and access news and information, especially during the December parliamentary elections and subsequent protests. However, new media users have yet to achieve a real breakthrough in reaching the general public in Russia, and face an uphill battle against a range of political, economic, legal, and extralegal tools at the disposal of the authorities.
Makes 3/4 Cup
Lindsey woke up one morning and realized she was on the streets, on drugs, and onto nothing but trouble. She looked up at a building and it read OFF for Only For the Faithful with the scripture Mark 9:23 “All things are possible for the one that believes”
received from the Admissions Office at Princeton University. I was so excited for her. The simple fact she’s receiving information from an Ivy League school was a proud moment. Her GPA and grades in school, plus her ACT scores just blow me away. I’d like to take credit for it, but it’s got to be some Ancient Ancestors that it belongs to. The girl is not just smart. She’s also deep, mature, and a very talented writer-she’s just a remarkable young woman.
No one ever died from eatin’ food that’s more nutritious.
Each week I would like to focus on a space of the home and chat about how to decide what stays and what goes. I will be doing this with you, so I will also share the items I choose to say goodbye to, and the whys. I will also share "how" I shed myself of that item, by choosing to donate, toss or sell it.
One of those games that every arcade had, also one of those games that everyone had at home as it was ported to nearly every home computer going. Despite being easier on the home versions it still gave you a little more edge over the competition when it came down to playing it in public.
In the end, I liked the film. It was fun. I liked seeing the sets and the interpretation, but it just didn’t feel epic. Harry Potter films seemed epic. Lord of the Rings were so epic that it seemed normal people showed up at the theater dressed like hobbits. Sort of normal at least. When I saw this, people cheered when Thresh (who barely existed in the film) killed Clove. I was like, really? I mean, I was glad like most humans were, but contrast that with how people reacted when Will Smith punched the alien in the face and said “welcome to earth” or even when the goofy ass dog dives out of the way of the fireball in Independence Day and you feel like, man, we’ve lowered our bar.
1.Handshake. Everyone knows that a handshake is an important element of first impressions. Offer a firm handshake that shows confidence in yourself.
It started with Novembers issue of Style at Home magazine. And I have to say their cover shot room is amazing. Loving the white room, the low laquered table and most especially those amazing velvety green cushions. However, my dog simply would not allow me to have these white sofas.
~Michael Pollan
9 am - 4pm
282Oppose thyself to Heav'n; dispute my heart;
Since I had my beloved S&W M1911 with me and some 230gr Hardball rounds, I hung up the old vest panel on the fibreboard target backer and backed up about 5 yds before shooting a spot that hadnt been damaged on the panel. Mucho to my surprise, the big & heavy bullet bounced off!!! It didnt even penetrate a single layer of the old expired body armor. This was with a plinking load that Clocked just over 760 fps from my 5" barrel....about what you would get from one of the short/chopped .45 carry pistols popular today. The bullet was very slightly mushroomed as you can see in the attached photo. Thinking this just couldnt happen with a full power 230 hardball load, I again put the vest against the target backboard and shot it again, this time with a full power 230gr Hardball at about 850 fps. Same result...just mushroomed the bullet a bit more. Not even a single layer penetrated.
However, the Lord is good. If you want freedom – freedom from fear, freedom from addiction, freedom from anger, freedom from anxiety, freedom from numerous other spirits that plague men – then the Lord Jesus WILL give it to you. If you want it, show Him you want it. Keep seeking Him. REFUSE TO LIVE WITH THE SYMPTOMS.
By contrast, many accounts portray Salinger as someone who purposefully turned his back on life, a writer whose life choices were wildly at odds with the openness and compassion Holden Caulfield displayed even in the face of fear and alienation, confusion and ennui. This is the Salinger I've always had in my head, and he still strikes a tragic figure.
a portal to the eternity of Love’s open flight.
A paragraph stating that the licensee will use its best efforts to exploit the licensed technology is common in both exclusive and non-exclusive licences. It would be desirable for the parties to agree on the meaning of best efforts, and what may constitute best efforts in terms of specific steps to be taken by the licensee.
Hamish goes to Glasgow!
Right: Hommage à Debussy, 1952.
One day I was skyping with Dad about my struggles with the conflicts between Australian and American culture. I was sharing with him that I doubt that I’ll ever feel like I “belong” here. But I also felt like I don’t “belong” back in Australia either. I am now a mix of cultures and I don’t belong to a place or a people.
1. Billy Collens (Pl) 41; 2t. Julius Oppenheimer (Pl) 42, James Prisco (Pl) 42; 4. Charlie Boozan (Pl) 45; 5. Austin Lovitt (BB) 46; 6t. Michelle Lapadula (Pl) 49, Andrew Farruggia (BB) 49; 8. James O’Connor (Pl) 50; 9. Will Saunders (BB) 52; 10. Alex Egol (BB) 55.
Going Forward
I told you it was dramatic! But there’s still a shred of truth in that, the brighter the lights you use, the more likely you are to look like you have an over abundance of crags and wrinkles (no matter how old you are – young ladies take note!) It will also make you look paler than you really are, and often take on a blue or greenish tone, not the vision of wholesomeness most of us are trying to promote!
:: Does anyone use an armband while running with their iphone? Do you just slide your iphone into a pocket on the band? Can you have a case on while using the armband? I really really want to get a cute case for my phone, but I have to use a specific case with the armband I run with. And the hard case that I had was incredibly difficult to get on and off. I'd like to be able to leave a decorative case on while I go running. OR I need to find a fun case that is easy to remove. Thoughts?
Have you ever felt that you always wanted to do something, but never had the guts to do so? I know that I have. I have always wanted to learn how to dance, in school we had to learn to the basics in waltz, line dance, salsa and bugg (a Swedish dance that is included in the Swing Dance family.) Dance is not that common anymore, and NO go dancing in a night club is not a proper dance. Anyone can dance in a night club, you only need to shake your body and follow the rhythm in the music and it is even easier to do so if you have alcohol in your body. This week I’ve got the guts to start learning swing dance, for those who don’t know what swing dance is can look at this video:
Likes to visit Chicago...To launder money for the mob.
"What happened Dad?" asked Amari, pausing from her game of "I'm a frog."
Difficult, ain't it? I've done it with albums... but with just pieces of music, that's very difficult. But here's my list (for now) (subject to change) (many times).
Near the top of the South Trail is a primitive campground called Sheep Canyon. A few ancient picnic tables and some pit-toilets would actually make this a nice place to camp - in cooler weather of course.
- Shoulder
But I digress, we were really lucky and best wishes go out to all the people who suffered from the storm. Driving back in for the race on Sunday, we saw a lot of the damage first hand. As we tried to find parking for the race, we had to take a few detours as several streets were closed due to downed power lines and fallen trees.
Here is what he got:
An Honest Description of Myself with a Glass of Whiskey at An Airport, Let Us Say, in Minneapolis
How simple it would have been
A boss fight will be coming up, so before you do the next step, I recommend gathering a party or level up some before continuing. There is a small window where people can join you if you already skipped ahead, but it's easier to just gather the party now than later.
The village where I live now was where I moved to and they had a very large Brownie Pack - 48 and girls in total. They welcomed me with open arms needing as many adults as they could persuade to join in.
This photo came into my Facebook feed last week. My reaction: “I’m not making things up. I’m experiencing things that you scientists haven’t figured out how to explain—yet.
The new Education Act currently says “parents have the right to make informed decisions,” and van den Bosch wants the language changed back to the wording used in the Schools Act, which says “parents have the right to make decisions.”
Ward CL, Barletta MA, Kaye T. Teratogenic effects of audiogenic stress in albino mice. J Pharmacol Sci 1970; 59: 1661-1662.
rewards repeated listening. One definitely gets the feeling that the fans will love it.
Paramedics were required to have a police escort, which was not available at the time, because officers had previously attended the address and deemed it 'high risk'.
A poem could ravage your heart and soul,
It will be so nice to have the fencing done as this took up so much of my tie last year and this spring but once it is done I will have more time for other things.
for as through your Son you created us,
I love looking at promo ads for inspiration. Here are some of my other faves for the clean classic look.
The luncheon had about fifteen people in attendance and Michael fielded their questions with a quiet grace and courtesy. Everyone respected his dedication and appreciated his lifetime of experience of struggle for a worthy goal which was in conflict with a very powerful organization. Michael was able to lead some people of Berkeley, California, in a struggle against the University of California’s plan to confiscate private property via the use of their powers of eminent domain. The local people wanted a park and the university wanted this particular parcel of land, located three blocks from campus, to build more dormitories. There are many sides to this political issue, but the point of this blog is to show how a person can win in a struggle against a very much bigger organization, if they do things right.
the recipe for shrimp & saffron risotto, courtesy of emeril lagasse and the MITM! (by the way, there's a typo in the recipe. it's 30 minutes, not 3 minutes for the actual cooking of the risotto.)
Regular followers of this blog will know I’ve been involved in photographing performers each month for “The Mill Sessions” – a mostly acoustic venue at The Mill on the Fleet, in Gatehouse – a town about 15 miles from here (see Mill Sessions Posts).
As many of you may know when it comes to sewing the main expert on that in this family is Jon! Last summer I tried to conquer the sewing machine and even made a couple of toss pillows, which came out great, but in the end me and the sewing machine decided we were better off as friends.
Recently, I went to a casino to celebrate my friend's birthday. I should have written this while everything was still fresh in my mind from that experience because I now feel like I will have trouble putting into words my thoughts on the experience. But I will try because it was such an impacting experience for me. As well, for anyone who wonders, I have asked my friend if he minds me writing this, and he does not.
I love you so very very much, it's bursting out of me. I love you so much, I just don't know if I can ever tell any one person how much it really fills me. I miss you. I really, really do.
Wide fields of asphodel fore’er,
I saw plainly that God had delivered me from a prison I did not know I was in. I am completely sure given the amount of control she had over me that if I had stayed with her she would have eventually convinced me that I needed to kill myself. And I would have done it unless God intervened.
Evil Joy here with a post on Evil Tears, Evil Snot, and Evil Red Face.
Sorcers of death's construction
For more info on the black soap and shea butter see my friend and local merchant Jackie!
After thanking them and wishing them good-bye, I went into the recovery room with the 5-year-old boy and waited for him to wake up. He was sleeping so soundly, and his previously ashen face was now peachy with rosy cheeks. He looked wonderful. I laid down on the sofa next to his bed and fell asleep for a few minutes until the nurse returned and said she needed to give him a shot of antibiotics. The act of pulling down his underwear brought him out of his sleep, and he began to whimper and cried when he got his shot, but quickly quieted when the nurse turned on a TV high in the corner of the room, flipped the channel to a cartoon, and gave the 5-year-old boy the remote. He would later tell his sister that this was his favorite part of being in the hospital. We don't have TV.
Kerry x
We had lots of fun on our trip, even though the game wasn’t so great. But Cowboys Stadium and awesome and SO HUGE! I’ll post some pics on that later.
2) Soak the cabbage for 1 hour in the solution, toss so the top side will go down to the bottom and let it soak for another 45-60 minutes until the cabbages are well wilted.
Please turn to hymn 332, “Savior of the Nations, Come.”
Soon after I had my third and last baby I was in a typical "I have a newborn and am exhausted funk" so to cheer myself up I went on an organizing rampage! I spent a few days getting all of our educational workbooks, games, baby toys, and my girls' books and closets organized. I have loved having my girls' games and school stuff all together in one place. It has made it so much easier to find what we are looking for and to keep their rooms clean.
John Bunyan was a terrific follow-up to the version of The Pilgrim’s Progress we read last week. This is another of Christian Focus Publications’ Trailblazers series. The books are wonderful; narrative biographies of important Christian figures with fictionalized dialogue. The story quality really makes them an engaging read for the kids. We all learned a lot about the life of John Bunyan – a preacher who spent much of his life in prison. Bunyan could have walked right out of the prison, had he just agreed not to preach. We had some great conversations about God’s call on our lives, the role of the Church and the State, and true worship. I was excited that the story fit so well with our English Civil War focus as well.
The 4 channel Stereo label on the cover is a sticker.
The service was more than satisfactory as the owner as soon as he realised why i was there was chatty and helped me pick a few beers he recommended and well received they were! All in all great day ended up with some American beer to start the night an unfortunately Becks to finish it, cant have it all when you're a student haha. Cheers.
Again, more garden amazement. This little plant friend proves, yet again, that passed-over greenhouse garbage shouldn't be ignored.
39. They shoot the white girl first. —Toni Morrison, Paradise (1998)
1 :: Bright colors
Of course, I extend the message as the year goes on. I like to include questions and always have the children "turn and talk" about the question. Then we take turns using the magic pen and highlight letters, punctuation, word boundaries, or word wall words. This is a structured time kids love and expect each day. It's not exciting, but is an important routine in our day! And the kids WILL tell you if you mess it up!
Nature is such that good breeding habits, in which genetically superior children are produced, are prolonged while bad breeding habits are shut down prematurely. Menopause is nature’s way of shutting down bad breeding habits. In monogamous and polygynous arrangements, genetic mutations are still passed on, so the SSF, if it is not sufficiently activated, eventually will shut down completely, causing the onset of menopause.
To say that these last few days for me and my family have been crazy is a huge understatement. Things however appear to be taking a turn for the better and my daughter's fever seems to be coming under check now. She is starting to eat a little and her smile and laugh are returning.
Barbican Hall
correct the mistakes that we made on this domain
So if we start with 0, the next number is 1. The sequence goes like this.
On the streets, the people move through it like the walking dead
her salt curvature; which sonars
But that style of life requires full-time homemakers, something becoming scarcer these days. Different days, different styles.
When my submissive needs are being met I rub my partner’s back every night, listen to everything he says attentively, and he loves the blow jobs that he receives.
Montreal has colourful communities to explore, cameras in hand.
Iron Stylus: Try me.
I’ve been covering Brinker International Forum since last year’s epic “An Evening with Al Pacino” and there has been a theme or a format that all the shows shared. Basically you have an introduction of the star and then a moderator carries us through the evening. Last night’s latest forum was a bit different. ATTPAC’s President Mark Weinstein gave a brief introduction and then turned things over straight to the talent, Roz Savage. Pacino had a moderator, Jerry Seinfeld had a moderator, and David Blaine had a moderator but Roz didn’t. That element first confused me, but then stuck with me since she was just so captivating. The audience didn’t need to have a buffer to the talent, rather this intimate “chat” with Roz really made the experience that more meaningful.
We hid in the dark at the edge of the clearing,
So that's why I'm a little melancholy as I type this. Because yesterday was officially the first day of summer.
April 13
Ok - I am in a Valentine kind of mood
Just try not to think about it. Or do. Whatever you think is best. :)
I did everything I could to satiate my appetite for automobiles. Then came the big opportunity. The Auto Expo was scheduled at New Delhi in January, 2012. My Math exam was to be held two days later. I was not gonna let this opportunity go, and with a quick prayer to the Math gods, I purchased a ticket. I visited as many stalls as I possibly could. Merc, Yamaha, Audi, Maruti Suzuki and Chevy impressed me the most. I took three HUGE Suzuki Hayabusa posters (the lady at the Suzuki stall was very kind indeed). One of those posters adorned my hostel room till I had to head back home for the vacations. Curse my luck, I lost my camera just after leaving the venue. It had 200+ pictures on it, and it took me days to recover from the loss (of the pictures).
photo of alex and me circa 1988ish
5 - Milton Brown - The Eyes Of Texas - 3:09
Tweeting at athletes may get my stories read, but I lose the respect of the professionals in the process.
Put the nockerli back in the now-drained pan off the heat, and add the walnut-size lump of butter. Stir while the butter melts, then add a little salt and black pepper to taste.
So, why am I telling you guys about it?
Christopher Glynn, John Reid (piano)
When you allow another to get close to you there is an etheric thread of light attached from them to you. Ask Archangel Michael to wave his mighty sword of light and cut the cords that bind you to the past, to lower frequencies, past relationships and thoughts that no longer serve you. This can help you break an undesired cycle that you now feel it is time to get out of. You have the gift and it is time to move on.
These are four very good reasons why PKD should be considered a postmodern writer *(keeping in mind that any adjective we throw in front of writer is by nature reductive and can only go so far in explaining anything).
“No more than any gypsy who reads a newspaper,” he answered. “I was using this story to practice my English-speaking on the guests. If I appear convincing to them, maybe I call sell insurance in America.”
On the same day, former Charger and Patriot great Junior Seau was found dead from an apparent suicide. No one is suggesting that his apparent depression was a result from football-related brain damage or other injuries, but it will come as a surprise to no one if that result if ultimately reached. If so, the timing is uncanny with the suspensions of the Saints.
I had an amazing experience in a clothing store this week, although for many people this is probably the standard way they shop without giving it a second thought. The new and wonderful experience was, that I was able to look for clothes (colors, patterns, styles, etc.) that I liked. Sounds simple, but that’s not what’s happened in the past.
469 a
The Indians on SportsTime Ohio show up at 34th (ratings) and 41st (households) on the list - with a rating of 2.84 and 43,000 households.
Colouring: Pro Markers
Draw three circles. The largest is going to be your base. The medium one is going to hold the secret picture. It should be able a half inch smaller than the base in diameter. The smallest size circle needs to be about an inch smaller in diameter than the base and you need two copies of it. You also need to trace it onto the two larger circles.
Let’s now re-ask the earlier question: Should American taxpayer finance the corrupt big-government policies of Greece?
Even now, years later, I still can't imagine what was going through my mind. Who knows, maybe the culprit was just force of habit. Whatever the reason... there was no going back from what I did, and it remains to this day, a classic "Shannon" moment.
My "Brand New ...." is this gorgeous digi (that I just bought a few days ago) and the copics that I used to colour her. I bought a few digi images and there are still quite a few more that I would like to get.
The birthday trifecta was this:
Friday, November 4: 12:30 pm – 2:00 pm
She’s become a hit with celebrities, getting retweets and DMs from pop stars and pro athletes alike and becoming something of an online celebrity in her own right. Earlier this year, the NBA player Nate Robinson invited her and her grandson to a game after chatting over Twitter.
we decided to pay for our own drinks!
Oh love holy
her attention… well more like the multiple ways I failed to even make a
Violence is ubiquitous in scifi and fantasy. The number of specfic tales that don’t include some kind of violence are few and far between. Indeed, the most attention and interest surrounding tales of the future or alternate worlds circle around the methods by which the people of that time or place fight one another. I think it’s worth asking the question why.
Happy Sunday Stampers!
We went back to his place and were pretty much ripping each others clothes off as we came in the front door. He pressed me up against the wall and pressed himself up against me and I could feel him getting hard. He lifted me up, bear hugging style (this is why I love tall boys with muscles!) and carried me into the bedroom. Then we had extremely hot, sweaty, rough sex! It was quite late when we got in, so by the time we actually finished it was really late. It must have been about 4 or 5am. We spent today in bed sleeping and eating and having more sex and sleeping and eating and watching tv… I really didn’t wanna leave, but I don’t like spending too much time with people I’ve just started dating. I think it’s better in small cute doses, otherwise you get sick of each other. He pretty much begged me to stay again tonight, but I made excuses that I had to work early tomorrow and I have no clothes.
07. Bardak 2
About three or four albums back, a friend had listened to some singles and wanted to get into the band. He had noticed the albums were in a sale and wondered where to start. It’s simple I said, buy all of them. I would almost say that now, but start with these:
These are five-then Allah said:
Not only did they have that trademark, deep passion fruit flavor, but they actually had some sweetness to them (passion fruit tends to be quite tart). I have no idea if they will be around this Sunday, but if they are, I'm getting more.
ブッダ：資本主義の社会は文字通りほぼ全てのものを商品化するから、自然や人間の神聖なディメンションを失ってしまうんだね。
In other words, cunt should be used sparingly because it’s so powerful but it can be appropriate. That seemed like a contradiction to me… Other people, more or less, said what he said: it’s a powerful and hateful word…so only use when appropriate!
Though legs-up-the-wall pose is often enough to release the fluids in your legs and feet, it's also nice to do a soothing herbal treatment at the same time. Butcher's broom seems to be the most important extract to look for, because it stimulates blood flow and decreases fluid retention. Arnica is another; it's a vasodilator and is marvelous for healing bruises and other skin wounds. Then there are menthol and camphor, both of which feel extremely cooling on the skin. You can practically feel the fluids draining away as soon as you apply menthol or camphor to your legs and feet.
Like a sick man to the small dim
Aaaaaand we're back!!! We've got another awesome release for you this month! Today through Sunday we'll showcase each of the four stamp sets being released on Monday, February 20th to whet your appetite. Are you ready??? Let's begin!
When dried, the handmade paper can be cut into desired sizes and bound by natural fibers like hemp rope to form a journal. When cut into tiny pieces, the sheets also make lovely note cards. To add a touch of elegance, dried flowers and leaves can be added during the molding process. The use of office paper is not limited to the office. With this project, you can start your own paper supplies business. stationery accessories
Just because they had a reality show that clearly exhibited to the world their incredible addiction problems, doesn’t mean it was his fault.
Karen Thompson, a spokeswoman for Coca-Cola Oceania, defended the safety of her company’s products in a statement:
“Do you come to many parties this time of year?”
D.H: Kind of weird that; why was he dressed up like a king?
We moved back to Ohio from Florida at this time, and the things didn't change. I was still, according to my mother, the 'elusive loner' who 'can't do anything'. She was pressuring me, and continued to do so until about half a year later when we moved to Indianapolis shortly before the start of 2009. There, I finally made the first cut of our relationship: I moved out to live with a friend. I had my own job. I was happy.
Author: Karen Ann Hopkins
Finally a call came from an unexpected place. A Salvation Army major wanted to meet with my wife and me. He told us that a Salvation Army corps (church) had been closed a few years before and he wanted to reopen it. However, because traditional church hadn’t worked in that place, he wanted it to be different. His word was “nontraditional.” He asked if my wife and I could start something different.
We got on board with a couple of rescues and had bios of Abbey posted on their websites. There was very little interest. There are so many puppies and dogs that don't have issues like Abbey's up for adoption right now, Abbey didn't really stand a chance. From June till mid-October, there were only 2 people that we seriously talked to about her. In that time, Abbey growled at Emma again and, finally, snapped her teeth in her direction. THAT.WAS.IT. We couldn't have her in our home any longer. We were being as patient as possible with the rescue process (which didn't seem to be moving along AT ALL) but we had reached the end of our ability to wait. Abbey was a ticking time bomb and we had no way of knowing when the stress of Emma learning to walk and talk would be too much for her. We were living in worry every day that Abbey would bite Emmaline and we'd have no choice but to put her down and deal with whatever physical and emotional scars were left on our daughter. We increased our efforts to find Abbey a new home.
- You Don’t Have to be Afraid of Cancer Anymore by Bill Sardi
Place the remainder of the Oreos into a food processor or blender. Pulse until fine crumbs are formed. Spread an even layer over pudding in flower pots. Garnish with gummy worms or fake flowers.
It is a fairly safe bet more, rather than less, Afghan heroin will be transited through Ukraine heading West come 2014 and beyond, and I doubt there will be an adequate plan or resources within Ukraine to meet that challenge. This is something our UK SOCA man sat behind the ramparts of HM Embassy Kyiv will no doubt have on his future threat assessments.
Clever updating of the Sherlock Holmes mythos for the 1990s, with Bill Pullman as the irritating and reclusive genius detective Daryl Zero (‘the world’s most private detective’) and Ben Stiller as his highly annoyed ‘Watson’. This debut film by Jake Kasdan (his dad Lawrence Kasdan write and directed Body Heat) is smart and humane and ticks all the right boxes without seeming too clever or tripping over its own conceit.
Still, the deal, along with the fees for bankruptcy attorneys and other consultants, have come under sharp scrutiny from Justice Department lawyers representing the Department of Energy as a creditor in the ongoing bankruptcy case, according to newly filed court records.
Disclaimer: It really bothers me that I’m a japanese minor and Emily speaks better Japanese than I do. I’m confused she just learned it phonetically. Anyway, pretty much Satoshi is like you’re screwed if you fall in love with your enemy. You forget what you are really after. Disclaimer: This is not me translating the japanese, just the subtitles.
How to send music.
(7) Disagreement on the future direction and operation of the business between the surviving share owners and the heirs of the deceased owner is avoided.
Pencil “lead” is composed of graphite, which is a form of carbon, which is mixed with a clay binder. The grey-black marks made by pencils can be beautiful in and of themselves; some artists use pencils as their main medium, producing sensitive and delicate artworks that are inspiring because they are made with one of the most basic art tools: a pencil.
I slowly got down from the car and made my way into the house. As my eyes fell on the floor and registered its colour, I stopped short…the floor was red.
Okay, so part 2 of this little story goes like this: it was a "wrap" on Finley, we were on our way out, and I said something like, "Hey, if you need an extra toddler for tomorrow's shoot, I have a super cute 2 year old at home (ha ha)." And then they said, "Really? Oh my gosh, yes, we need a 2 year old! Would you mind coming back tomorrow?"
Since you are also an experienced actress, what is the biggest difference for you between acting and stage management?
His wife arrived home from work and Michal strolled over to the LetsGo store on Holy Corner to buy a bottle of wine. Michal and his wife were getting old – they now got through a whole bottle of wine every evening, and they had usually recovered by the next morning. The LetsGo “Metro” store is always so full of customers that the staff sometimes joke about using tear gas to disperse them. The surrounding shops are always roundly empty. The citizens of Bruntsfield complain that LetsGo is spoiling the character of the neighbourhood, when it actually comprises the entire economy of their neighbourhood.
I'm sure I'll add more. I just like to have this in writing (for the whole world to see) to keep myself accountable.
I have no idea how much taller these guys can get. It’s just crazy. And the super super tiny pieces of garlic are finally starting to grow. In the future we’ll only grow the bigger ones, but when you’re starting out, you want ANY you can get!
I know! I’ll play the guitar!
Here’s the trailer of the short film:
How do you deal with difficult people at work? Has gender differences created uphill challenges for you?
FAIRY LORE: tranquil lavender blended with rose, neroli & exotic ylang ylang…..a romantically floral scent, it’s like sitting in an old cottage garden.
11. Sorry Now
What pleases me is that (with the exception of a second amendment fundamentalist who objected to my off-hand assertion that the provision was antique) I have had almost universal agreement with this observation from both the left and the right.
Patrick Bateman: No, Allen.
“Find a way to get past … I really hate things turned out the way they did. For everybody involved, I don’t think any good came out of it.”
“That is the ugliest ducking I’ve ver seen!’ the neghbor screeched.
Because I pay someone to do it for me.
Issues of conscious are just that. The idea of prayer, religious belief, contraceptives, abortion, marriage, and other medical and social issues being political is both foolish and dangerous. Legislating conscious is in direct conflict with the tenants of the Constitution. To tell an employer that he or she can terminate health insurance because of religious belief is micromanaging a nonessential invasion into business and into personal liberty, the imposing of ones personal view on another. To establish the view of a particular religion, altering history because it does not suit the image that is conservative or has negative connotations is dishonest and hinders the proper learning of America.
Dear Taylor and the staff of Thunderbird Energetica, I think you may have gotten more than a few angry emails from readers of Native Appropriations today, so I wanted to take some time to tell you why exactly it is we're so upset by the way that you've chosen to market your company. First of all, so you know about me, I write a blog where I examine representations of Native peoples. Day in and day out, readers and I look at egregious examples of cultural theft, misrepresentations, and stereotypes, and I break down how these images are hurtful and contribute to the continued oppression of contemporary Native peoples. Unfortunately, your company and your language falls right in line with these examples of cultural appropriation.
Cut them into bat wing shapes and glued it all together.
* 1.5 lbs ground turkey
Even so, I still have trouble with pen and pin, but I bet if I remembered to say pen with the vocal fry, I'd get it right. Peheheheh(rumble)n.
A few days later he must have decided his books were the problem and he should try some of mommy’s books instead. I walked into the kitchen to see my Geology books spread out on the floor and my two year old screaming “Skadoo!!” and he stomped on the open pages. No more Blue’s Clues for you kiddo.
9. Fake Blues
It is hard to say how many times over the years I have visited the Frick but it has never palled. The Fragonard Room, in which his The Progress of Love is arrayed, is the perfect room in which to while away a book-riddled hour or two on a dim, wet and fire-lit day. These paintings, at the end of the 18th century, having been rejected by Madame du Barry, came to hang in Fragonard's cousin's house in Grasse. This reminds me, as an aside, that Roderick Cameron described Charles de Noailles, who had a villa and garden in Grasse, as one of the world's great gardeners - a compliment indeed from such a talented man as Cameron.
Bottom line: Capitalism is not racist, nor is the defense of capitalism racist. Conservatives needn’t be ashamed of offering the world a job instead of a government handout.
La cabeza en el cielo, el coño en el suelo!
Those dumbasses are all dead now.
Other dry forests could be made of ice or metal or crystal (since crystals do grow). The sharp-edged shards could seriously injure anyone trying to pass through such a forest. Maybe the trees prefer blood to water. And some of the leaves could be lenses that focus the sun’s rays to start a fire – which could harm travelers but wouldn’t seriously damage the glasstrees.
parlor handed Dad his change, he would show me the
You know what fits in your last little bit of pregnancy? NOTHING!
I don’t actually have that big of a problem with people “letting faith guide their life” (I am of the general opinion that faith can’t really bollocks it up any worse than most people do on their own). But the Bible is an ancient, complicated text that has come to us in many challenging fragments. If you believe that it is the sole moral authority so hard that you want to make everyone live by it too, you had better be prepared to do some serious academic legwork — years of study and more than one dead language, just at a bare minimum — to figure out what the damn thing really means.
There are also technical questions – what should this new education look like (cue people dusting off their old copies of Newman from the bookshelf)? Inevitably it will be smaller, but in what manner? Will it exist within the mainstream, or the (charitable) private? Are there the legal and legislative options available for this to happen? Could the diocese fund such a re-ordering? How shall they be run? What happens to those schools likely to feel the sharp edge of such decisions? What happens to land/buildings held in trust?
The government was also broke most of the time. There was not much money for the military. What cash was on hand for defense went into things like nuclear weapons, ballistic missiles and warplanes. So the generals were allowed to fend for themselves. Units had farmland and grew their own food. Other soldiers worked in factories to produce weapons and equipment. This didn’t leave much time for training, and a lot of the spare time that was available went to political indoctrination. Above all, the troops must be kept loyal to the Chinese Communist party. The results of all this were predictable. For example, when China fought a short war with the combat experienced Vietnamese in 1979, Chinese losses were enormous and the performance of the troops obviously poor. The Chinese soldiers were brave. They rushed forward and died by the thousands. The soldiers were not trained and their leaders knew little of battlefield management. The military still needed reform, and going into the 1980s, it did not get it.
The right shade of yellow can lift our spirits and our self-esteem however too much yellow can cause self-esteem to decreasing increasing levels of fear and anxiety.
There are basically three types of cycles: Road (drop handle, slim tyre ‘racing’ bicycles), Mountain (fat-tyre bicycles designed for stable off-road riding) and Hybrid bicycles (cross between the Mountain and Road bicycles that have medium width tyres and upright handlebars).
This week, I've loved going through and reading everyone's 2011 recaps and 2012 goals and resolutions. I love the promise of what the new year brings and I love that so many are embracing it as a time for change. December has been a busy month. I spent hours upon hours writing papers finishing up the semester but it was well worth it. It never fails though, no matter how much of a head start I give myself on paper writing, I always end up working down to the wire to finish everything up. Luckily, I won't have that problem anymore since this semester was my last semester of course work before I enter my thesis semester and finish my degree.
The owners are also very in tune with nature so the addition of a water feature was essential to give the landscape the sound of a natural setting. The water is understated as was intended and is very low maintenance as the water spills into a pondless pool limiting cleanup from the surrounding large evergreen trees.
I have also been busy with my new website!
Let's report our weekly fitness and improv progress on Fridays. Fitness Friday has a nice ring to it, don't you think? Feel free to post photos of your quilty goodness in the Project Improv flickr group. We'll be cruising the group to look for in progress and finished work to highlight on our blogs. Be sure to let us know this is your 'Quilter's Butt' Challenge piece!
But i think he is happy about it, especially the part of deciding for himself, making his own decisions and choises,lol. Even tho he is realising that its not always that easy to do.
Video of Levin's initial presentation--though not the Q&A/discussion--is below.
Happy Tuesday and First Day of Spring everyone!! Winter is officially over...though it has pretty much been over here since December :) I love Spring and all it represents...newness, rebirth, flowers blooming, birds chirping...that was the inspiration for my card today!! Nothing says Spring like the hummingbirds returning :)
Anyway, the mates or mights cleared a seat for me. Actually it wasn’t a seat, it was more of a ledge on which several Thais were asleep on those colored plastic bags one sees throughout Asia in which the locals carry just about everything from place to place. I snuggled into my spot, cut off from any sea breezes and sweated my way across the bay.
Anyway, the other day I finally was able to drink the Deathly Pale Ale by Reaper Ale , who wins the award for the scariest craft beer website. This is kinda freaking me out. Pretty hardcore name. It had a nice set up with huge head, light amber color and cloudy. Nose is a good strong citrus hops, light on the malt. Nice and strong on the hops, taking over that low caramel malt. Very smooth as well. High 3 Stars. I can only imagine how good it would be if I didn't leave it in the back of my cabinet for like 3 years.
A: Well, I take a doodoo. Before every game I doodoo.
Greg tried to smile, but his face refused to cooperate.
Holy time to know
When I was in Elementary School Ronald McDonald himself came to teach us about fire safety. I guess he was an expert from always being around all those deep fryers and griddles. Maybe Mayor McCheese busted him jaywalking and this was his community service. Whatever it was he was there, in person, and we were stoked! I can only imagine how the teachers were laughing their butts off at us going all Jonas Brothers over Ronald friggin McDonald. ( Dare you to diagram that sentence. Seriously, I need grammar for dummies.)
Hey scrappy friends!! I've had such a busy FUN weekend!!
The point is everyone wants to be a buff of some kind. I fancy myself a music buff, and a bit of a film buff, but if you are looking to be a buff and have not yet chosen something to buff on, allow me to present you with a buff list (which I guess makes me a buff buff), of what I feel are underrepresented hobbies and passions that surely must exist in the world today, somewhere. Be a buff like these, and you’ll really stand out as a one-of-a-kind buff.
“I’m right here guys, but thanks Dane, you’re cool too.” I glanced at my watch, and my eyes went wide. There was only so much time left before Mom came home from church. “Um, I have something I have to do. Max can you take Dane back to his car? Thanks. See you Dane!” I jogged back into the house and up to Mom’s room. Thankfully her room overlooked the backyard so Max wouldn’t see her light go on.
But first I must invoke some words of prayer. And those words are, 'God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change.'
No greater themes here, just stumbled upon the auto-tuned Kanye vs. the Supremes beat and it worked. Second half is a little more forced; played with Estelle's pitch for some time but couldn't get it to sound quite right.
They were but my visits; but thou art my home.
Friday August 15, 2008 - 11:48pm (EDT)
just don’t do it indefinitely
At Lake Isle
I made a map and I think I know now where all the octopus legs go (plumbing)
I could edit out the creases, soften scars
I’m definitely not crying wolf here. While I don’t know exactly when rates will begin their rise again, I’m very comfortable in saying that it is when, and not if, which applies to that event.
Oh and traditional boozers do not fit the bill, the kids don't like 'em and neither do most women. By welcoming establishments I mean something smarter and modern.
4. Under Stone
The San Antonio Riverwalk is a blast! If you haven’t visited, you should definitely try it out. Such an exciting atmosphere…you can FEEL it in the air!
The warning shouts of Bobby’s mother came from a heart of love and concern for Bobby’s welfare and safety. God warns us as well because He loves us deeply and wants to rescue us from the impending disaster of that thud in our own lives. It’s easy to think of God’s warnings and prohibitions as His attempt to take all the fun out of our lives, but that’s so wrong. In fact, nothing would give Satan more joy than getting you to think like that, because the more you think like that, the easier it is for him to “devour” you. And that’s a thud that I never want to hear!
The dying echoes
4. Tests- I have bought NCLEX study cards and a GRE book. Both great reads for laying out by the pool or at the park!)
Manly Palette pale pink eyeshadow color – Applied to the center of my eyes and inner brow bone area.
Of course I would be up at 2 a.m. on spring break, after Marcia and I tucked ourselves into separate beds in separate rooms, pulling out my laptop because my brain is still running, and looking through websites such as Pinterest and weddinggawker. I can’t help it, though. Today we decided to drive the town and not do much else, which was actually pretty nice. We did stop in David’s Bridal and set up an appointment for tomorrow; at noon we will be meeting with a consultant to start narrowing down the search for Marcia’s perfect wedding dress! I posted a status about our stop there today and it ended with “Is this real life?” I just don’t feel like I should be in a place in life where I can say “my best friend is getting married and I’m helping her plan. I’m with her through the dress hunt. I’m asking her questions and helping her process things.” Talk about crazy!
Enjoy this delicious weather, chickadees.
"Finkelstein" is German/Yiddish for sparkling stone or gemstone. Judge Finkelstein seems to think he's one. Britain has a similar inquiry into the press that is still ongoing -- under Lord Justice Leveson. One hopes its recommendations will be less Fascistic
1971 – The French Connection
I am sorry. I am gulity.
So as it's Friday I am going to take the afternoon off, give my hair a little freshen up and as it is 'freshening' I am going to read Blossoming in Provence my latest piece of escapism from fellow blogger Kristin Espinasse... To a lazy Friday...
It is money for intelligence that allows them to break up and disrupt activities and make arrests at the high end of organised crime, in which some loyalists and dissident republicans are involved.
Back to the stupid: I like it.
I finally completely finished painting the $12 dresser I scored at Goodwill a while back.
Oddly, our two families have never been close.
'Cause baby you're a firework
I’ve always wondered if The Big Lebowski (1998) was an attempt by the Coen brothers to address their critics, chief among them J. Hoberman and Jonathan Rosenbaum, who accuse the filmmaking duo of anti-semiticism in films like Miller’s Crossing (1990) and Barton Fink (1991). This is a rather odd charge considering that Joel and Ethan Coen are in fact Jewish. Keeping this in mind, one has to wonder what to make of Walter Sobchak (John Goodman), a character in The Big Lebowski who is proudly Jewish and even married and converted to Judaism for his wife. Then, when they were divorced, remained Jewish, defiantly so.
TH: There are two things I wanna say on this subject.
4 TB mirin
*title credit goes to Lu
SAME CLASS AS SATURDAY NIGHTS CLASS
I made the pate sucree two weeks before and I kept it safe in the freezer, thawed and baked just when I need it, a great time saver since the dough needs to be rested for a few hours after making and after rolling. The lemon cream is also pretty straight forward, you will need to whisk it constantly for about 10-15 minutes to prevent the eggs from curdling. After that, the blending of the butter that will make the curd the velvetiest and the smoothest cream ever.
“When I did a lot of partying,” she huffed and looked out the back windshield and away from him, “I did a lot of other stuff too. I had – um – s-sex w-with, like, a lot of different guys.” The mist grew stronger. “I slept around a lot. I didn’t get pregnant or anything or have an abortion. I wasn’t really at all like the person I am now. I was a real brat over there and hung out with a bad crowd. Since coming here, and since meeting you, I’ve really been trying to be a different person, a better person, and I really like it. B-but I’m afraid that if people find out about all that, then everyone is either going to hate me or call me a whore and slut and whatever.” She wiped her eyes on her sleeves. “But I don’t really care so much about that. I’m really afraid th-that y-you’re gonna hate me, and you’re not gonna want to be seen with me or talk to me.” The mist broke to a cry. She pulled her legs up and hugged herself as he slowed the car into a nearby parking lot that seemed mostly empty. After losing the seatbelt, he slid over to hold her.
"Oh, Danny Boy pipes, pipes are calling
At one point a Kroton seems to destroy the TARDIS and Ed and I both awoke from our vegetative state, but oh, no don't worry it's just moved. The Doctor had set the HADS. The Hostile action displacement system.
Iva Handfull
It’s a short, easy process to give you an idea when your Orlando Florida home will become an asset again. Simply enter the following information…
same lady for her and some friends to
The first episode of DWTS Season 14 kicked off rather impressively last night!
“Hey!!” she called out in a usual manner.
If you give me a choice between Robert Downey Jr.’s Tony Stark/Iron Man character and Christopher Reeve’s Superman, for example, there’s no choice as to which one I’m most attracted. Don’t make me say which one.
Be sure to ask for me. I would love to help answer your Disney questions.
It pours a murky brow colour with a frothy cream head.
I went out to my car and started to drive away when he basically barrels through the empty handicapped spaces and asks me for my phone number. I was pretty surprised, to say the least. Immediately, he called me to ask me if I wanted to get ice cream. So I did. (I don't think I can turn down ice cream).
I rate this book 6 out of 5 stars. It gets a ghost star because it’s just that damn good.
Author: Rashmi Karan
Schedule (11 minute segments):
Contribution is fundamental to a successful community: the creation of a system that supports and encourages all members to contribute, not just the organizers. Although lurkers may comprise the majority, all have permission to contribute.In your community, you should seek a balance between helping enable the dialog, and guiding it. Too much in one direction and the community degenerates into lawlessness. Too much in the other, and the community becomes just another place for you to push your messages. Remember that you don’t need to be involved in every conversation, and you don’t need to correct every misconception or misinterpretation yourself. Your community will often take care of that.
1 frosted
- “We should be business partners”
KOMMISSIEDRIF: Elderly couple Ericcson brutally attacked on farm Magatthashoek, but son comes to the rescue.
And then you further limit it by what you think you can do, by what you believe you can do, by further narrowing what you believe are your talents and abilities. You have spent years bringing in and bringing to blossom the totality of your being — of all aspects, all qualities, all parts of yourself. That is not limited.
For me, it's just so wonderful to be able to work from home and fit what I do around my children. I love the fact that my sons get to see me doing something that I love and that makes me happy - that was always really important to me. I also really love reading back something I've written and not remembering writing it - I sometimes think "Ooh! That's actually quite good!" - but that's peculiar rather than fulfilling... I'm going to have to cop-out and say it's ALL fulfilling. It's the best job in the world and I still can't believe I'm doing it!
Jon and I sat down and were served our glasses of Steam Whistle Pilsner which is on draught for the first time in BC! You’ve seen it in bottles in the liquor stores but now it’s officially on draught and let me tell you that, in my opinion, it tasted even better on draught!
There was a marketplace of vendors selling everything from Thai paper umbrellas (I knew I didn't need one, but really wanted one!!), to canvas shoulder bags (I picked up a cute one for $7!!!), to all sorts of jewelry - and even hi-fis (not sure who their intended customers were - hipsters??!).
Since my own soul can grant my prayer?
I am the crook of your thumb
Optimum Theater Setting for Everyone Smart Setup
As usual, IBM continues to lead the pack with a whopping 5,896 patents, up 20% from 4,914 in 2009. Samsung came in second with 4,551 patent (+26%) Microsoft is third with 3,094 (+6.5%). All of the companies but one in the Top 50 are up over the previous year, most shattering records and many posting double-digit percentage gains.
Medina Maitreya
I've had fun reading your exploits at Salute and a little jealous I was too, my Perry cavalry have been ordered and the next few days are going to be along excitable wait!
Minus the red hair (I don't think that would suit me) I luuurve the look.
Once you have posted your Favorite Thing to Hate come back to Swimming Blindly and go to my post, at the bottom of it will be where you can add your link in so others can click on the link to read your post!!
We had a fun discussion on memory today and I whipped out my mp3 player and shocked them with a couple of songs they never thought I'd have on there lol One was California Love and the other was Mo Money Mo Problems. Yep that is right I have those songs on my mp3 player and yep I get my native Californian with a tattoo (I have to start working in that I have a tattoo lol) inner dancer groove going on. I also always think of Los Osos, CA and how my brother-in-law liked this song and would every once in a while make out the check to Falcon Cable: Falcon f#$%^% cable (insert the rest of the f word where the symbols are lol). So today's video is going to be Mo Money Mo Problems :) All of you can get your inner dancer on too :)
will be at TOSH starting at 4.
Imagine The Beatles playing in concert with a symphony orchestra. Hear "Penny Lane" with a live trumpet section; experience the beauty of "Yesterday" with an acoustic guitar and string quartet. From early Beatles music on through the solo years, Classical Mystery Tour is the best of the Beatles live you've never heard them: totally live.
Having not be to the Brockley Jack for ages, we were back again on Thursday, this time en route to Justin Lee Collins at the Rivoli Ballroom. I still had no ale, though- I just can't bring myself to pay for a Greene King beer.
As the economy dipped, Kraft lost no time in squeezing as much income as it could out of its new acquisition in order to pay down debt and please its American shareholders. In March 2010, for instance, Cadbury staff were told that pay would be frozen for three years unless they agreed to opt out of the firm’s expensive final-salary pension scheme.
She began to cry, bokey snatters hanging from her nose in big bandy drools long and thick as shoe laces. She were swaying on all fours and groaning and I poked her in the shoulder and nudged her a little and she cooped sideward leftwards and fell onto the tiled floor of the bathroom and lay still, her arms and legs all folded in and gathered in at her middle. She put me in mind of a comatose/stunned/dead animal. I felt bad and put the seat down on the toilet. I sat down on it, folded my legs and had rolled a smoke. I tilted my head back and blew the smoke out languorously and decided these sorts of moments I'd call my Hamlet Cigar Moments only to then feel sorry for myself when I realised a roll-up was a poor substitute for a Hamlet Cigar and, with this hard luck impasse (in the shape of a little baby) it would be ages before I could afford even one of them...
So here is my Stamp Man DT piece, I hope you like it. If you want to see how to do this technique in more detail it is in the Compendium of Curiosities Volume 1.
Me: what? What does that mean?
I have been scrapbooking for over 12 years. I started 3 months before my wedding at a Creative Memories Party and was instantly hooked. Over the years, my style has constantly evolved. I just recently started doing Digi. I am a traditional girl at heart, but love the fact that I can create anywhere and I do not have to clean up a mess (trust me! I am one messy scrapbooker!). Ok, I cannot deny it anymore. I am hooked on Digi too!
Whip this up.......you won't regret it. I've never had it cold, but I actually think that would be good too.
Some familiarity with the actual historical context might be necessary to really understand the relationships between characters, or the greater political shifts that occur across the edges of the film, but really this is Brownlow's attempt at a John Ford western - think Drums Along the Mohawk (1939) perhaps - by way of the rigorous , precise, historical documentary-dramas of Peter Watkins or Straub-Huillet.
When I heard about these two escapees from the Wonderful World of Disney, I hinted that perhaps the jig was up and they should quit feeding the wild animals. But with true grace, Indiana acknowledged the intelligence of his foe and observed that this battle was just now getting interesting.
Dear Martha, if you need someone to talk to, I am you man.
We mainly highlight the bad and the ugly, as usual.
~ Molly
Pitch black with huge notes of chocolate, roast, coffee, burnt malt and alcohol balanced by aggressive hop bitterness. Cask-conditioned firkin with oak cubes soaked in Tennessee whiskey. 10.4% ABV
Methionine – Essential amino acid found in various proteins (usually from egg albumen and casein). Used as a texturizer and for freshness in potato chips. Alternatives: synthetics.
for empty flasks
I leave you with my fave scene from Love Never Dies. When Christine finds out the Phantom has survived the fire and has been living in NY all along (and is also her benefactor for bringing her there, hee hee).
I’ve found some quotes of Freddie’s that for me tell you exactly who he was.
i think i'll slip a tom waits cd into the car player...i'll be driving miss daisy at some point today.
Flowers ~ WIld Orchid, & gems.. bow & swirl from stash.
Do you have any idea how many Christmas songs Bing recorded? It was so many that this is a 4 CD set! I researched and think I found every one of them. We ALL know and love Bing's great crooning voice. How much better could Christmas music be than when he is singing it?! This set is unique with so many tracks that are difficult to find or totally not available elsewhere.
BM: “It was all going to happen to me, and I knew it!” I can’t think of anything else here now.
The Urban Alliance on Race Relations celebrates their 35th Anniversary at our 2010 Awards Dinner on Thursday, September 30, 2010. At this time, the UARR will be honouring two (2) individuals who have clearly demonstrated a commitment to anti-racism in the community. The award nominees must have:
I want to close with a semi-optimistic note. As crazy as it is for Ms. Reding to try to dictate the number of men and women in corporate boardrooms, at least she’s not complaining about discrimination based on looks or height and trying to get government involved in those areas. At least, not yet.
Anyway, one of the builders had a son, my age working on site with him.
Needless to say, our characters are pretty stupid, even going by horror movie standards. Even the main girl (more tolerable than the others) falls victim to the most blatant bit of theft I’ve ever seen – the thief takes her original (non-magical) camera from her so easily I actually thought she was handing it over willingly, which made the fact that it takes her like an hour to realize it’s gone even harder to swallow. Since her character’s obsession with snapping photos is a major plot point, you’d think she’d notice that her camera was just swiped practically right out of her hands. It’d be like me waking up today and going “Wait, I think I forgot to watch a horror movie yesterday.”
they all seem
So, what’s next North Carolina…bring back slavery? Women should just shut up and stay in the kitchen and barefoot and pregnant and let the men take care of business and other important things which affect the lives of everyone. I for the life of me cannot understand women not knowing or remembering their history. If not for women going through the same ordeal as homosexuals, they would not be having any say in politics at all, and their opinions would be scoffed at and found to be “amusing” or irritating. I don’t know how any woman can be a Republican, or a Christian for that matter.
His response was "yes, but it vill be very expenshive." (that's my Danish accent) and I did confirm that he ordered these straight from Pilot and not some guy in a third world country reading my blog that decided to craft these out of old tires and a Bic rollerball In his basement based on my demands (I am so vain.)
#4. Beatrice the owl. Okay I'll admit it, I have a serious obsession with owls (and flowers). Especially vintage/cartoon owls. I had been itching to get a new tattoo one summer and decided to just go for it. I collect anything with owls on them, why not a tattoo? ;) I brought in a few pictures of owls that I found online to Dave and he mixed together different parts of each one that I loved and drew this up. She's obviously a very girly girl like me, look at the flower in her hair! I named her Beatrice, Bea for short.
Joe's is a small place, and very narrow. The illuminated bar runs along the east wall and ends at the small, one barrel brewing area. I took a picture for Satan, so I could get him to buy one for his house and we could brew thirty gallons at a time.
We enjoyed watching fireworks from a friend's deck and their neihbor was shooting of some of his own fireworks. We decided to try to get a picture of couples kissing with the fireworks going off in the background because, hey, even after 20 plus years we still feel sparks! Well we never could perfectly time the kiss and the blast with the shutter but I did manage to capture a firework in the sky so I used that picture on the layout with DH and I smooching. And of course I had to include the gang that was gathered for a fun USA birthday celebration!
Not only is he drawing attention for his strikingly good looks, but also for his attendance at Seoul University, a very elite Korean university.
A great photo usually has a little story that goes along with it. I thought it might be nice today to share some of the stories associated with a few of those photos
Mandira Bedi: A reality show in its truest sense. Some stirring & troubling realities of our times.. I applaud @aamir_khan
After a training career spanning some 31 years, Malcolm Jefferson has a strong John Smith’s Grand National contender this year with According To Pete. The 11-year-old has been in tremendous form this season, winning the Grade Three Rowland Meyrick Chase at Wetherby over Christmas prior to a game success in the Grade Two Peter Marsh Chase at Haydock on January 21. Jefferson, who was born in Penrith on December 1, 1946, spent the first five years of his working life as a farmhand before joining local trainer Gordon Richards at Greystoke, becoming head lad at the age of 22. The brilliant Sea Pigeon was with Richards at the time and Jefferson also drove Lucius to Aintree when he won the 1978 Grand National. Jefferson met his wife Sue at the Richards stable and she had spent time looking after both Lucius and – when working for trainer George Fairbairn – the 1976 Grand National winner Rag Trade, although not when they enjoyed their moments of glory at Aintree. After 13 years at Greystoke, Jefferson had a minor disagreement with Richards about living accommodation and thought that “if I was shifting I might as well shift to a place of my own and have a go at training”. Jefferson moved into Newstead Cottage Stables in Malton in 1981, when the yard had 13 boxes and no hot water, and is still based there. Mark Edelson brought him a first training success at Perth in September, 1981, and since then he has enjoyed a steady flow of winners. Dato Star progressed from winning the 1994 Champion Bumper at Cheltenham to becoming a top-class hurdler, capturing the 1999 Christmas Hurdle at Kempton. His three other Cheltenham Festival successes came with Tindari in the 1994 Pertemps Final and Cape Tribulation in the same race this year. Attaglance rounded off a memorable 2012 Cheltenham Festival for Jefferson with victory in the Martin Pipe Conditional Jockeys’ Handicap Hurdle. Cape Tribulation scored at Aintree on Thursday. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2009 Brooklyn Brownie (Fell 2nd); 2011 King Fontaine (11th)
Save a Prayer
At this weeks meeting we decided on our proposed business aimed at the Post-Consumer. The company will provide a service for the Post-Consumer in the form of a market where local people from the community and surrounding area can come to trade their home grown fruit and vegetables. The trade would be based on a barter system so the home growers would swap their own produce for other ingredients that they need.
Another tangent of my thoughts was about the journey of the bags, and how I get to participate in that and repurpose them. I enjoyed thinking about the places whose names are printed on the bags, like Germany, the UK, and Belgium, and also about their purpose of transporting grain to be made into beer, and all the many people who will enjoy that beer. The bags could have been just thrown away after they fulfilled their function, only to sit in some landfill until the sun decomposed them, but instead, they will be refilled and resurrected into something with a much more abiding purpose. Again, this strikes me as a good metaphor for life (and a timely meditation with Easter just around the corner). How often do people feel stuck on what seems a dead end road, certain that we know exactly where we're going and what we are and are not capable of? A few months ago I had no idea I'd be buying land and a bus and building a house; I thought I was stuck in Renter's Hell indefinitely. But like with these bags, it only takes some imagination and hard work to create a whole new direction.
We miss my mom's warm laughter and tight hugs. But I'm positive my mom is equally grateful for the kind of neighbours we have right about now. And so are we.
Today's Prayer: God, thank you for the power of laughter. Please help me find humor in stressful situations. Give me the ability to make others laugh when they need to. I am so appreciative for my wonderful marriage, keep us laughing together throughout the rest of our lives.
1) A female character who is too perfect
The texture of this product is lovely and is a gorgeous olive/gold shade. I can’t wait to try it out in a makeup look, something tells me it is going to be really beautiful on.
- Anyone who may have a private pension fund in the UK, which is administered by a “pension trust”
Today’s Fruity Beer Friday is a New England classic, Southern Tier’s Raspberry Wheat Beer.
Oh! I almost forgot to mention when we were in Cairns, my aunt got a rental car for us… now don’t forget that they drive on the other side of the road here… luckily my aunt had driven in Europe before so she had some experience…. We only hit a few curbs and went in the wrong lane once despite the windshield wipers going off instead of the blinker most of the time. But we survived! So a shout out to my aunt for that one!
Whilst staying on top of matters, it trains you to not to let things linger and miss out on opportunities.
the enormity of space.
I walk in the way of righteousness, along paths of justice, bestowing wealth on those who love me and making their treasuries full."
Penumbra is a chapbook of poems by Serena Chopra. It is hand bound and printed in an edition of 200.
The rest of us have to be out by 8am. I like to get up around 6am which gives me enought time to run 2 miles with the dog, eat breakfast and shower in peace before all hell breaks loose in the form of our 14-year-old daughter and her equally grumpy dad.
So, if you’re in the area, by all means, stop in but today is the last day you’ll find much of anything on the shelves, at least in the Fairfield Shaw’s. (Other locations may have more, but, why waste the gas…)
30 And it came to pass, when the king heard the words of the woman, that he rent his clothes; and he passed by upon the wall, and the people looked, and, behold, he had sackcloth within upon his flesh.
Who found out there was room for 23 more children in the school there and asked God to find sponsors for them? This sister.
E-Books? E-Tutorials? E-Pictorials? What exactly is the difference?
The guy from the CRE was naturally firmly in favour Harry's punishment, whereas the Spectator columnist was less enthusiastic, and indeed expressed a healthy scepticism for the diversity worship which is now an essential qualification for holding down a position within the mainstream media. As such, I doubt we will see or hear much more from him.
-Genesis 3:16 NLT
This latest tactic being used by Florida’s West Palm Beach Police Department is certainly a crowning achievement in this paradox.
All poems and artwork copyright of their authors.
cheers Z
Rooney Mara is a Winter. Although her hair is not naturally this dark (it is a rich brunette color), it works on her. Only Winters can get away with and glow going black like this. This combined with the all-black sleek gown is a winner for Rooney.
8. Like Someone In Love
but the children adored the Monkey,
I - The Things That Remain
Investors buying REOs and short sales in foreclosure markets convert them to rental units and homeowners in the same locale who have lost their homes to foreclosure rent homes that until recently were owned by other families who suffered the same ill fortune.
"Once elected, those presidents curbed the id with the ego, common sense and reason. But now the G.O.P.’s id is unbridled. The horse has thrown the rider; the dark forces are bubbling. Moderates, women, gays, Hispanics and blacks — even the president — are being hunted in this most dangerous game."
This was the first visit for any of them to Mount Vernon. They were hosted by the local master distiller, Dave Pickerell, former master distiller for Maker's Mark and now an industry consultant who spends eight months of the year flying around the country to work with his 20 or so client distilleries.
Finishes, Brushed Metallics, Spray Stain, Glass Paints, Fusion, H20(tm)
Convinced that his own actions led to his friend's death, Seth is torn between turning his life around . . . or losing himself completely.
I have been so out of the loop lately, I haven't posted in FOREVER!!! However I do follow teacher blogs on a daily basis. Sometimes with two kids it's hard to feel the creative juices. I feel so uncreative lately. When I didn't have kids I had all the time in the world to create and now that I have kids I feel like I have no time to create. I don't know how all you mother/teachers do it. In Second grade we have been studying adverbs. This concept is always so hard for my students. They really struggle with this concept. So I thought I better make up an assessment to see if my students understand what an Adverb is. I hope this is a good assessment for you and your students on adverbs. Please let me know if you were able to use it. Here is the link.... ADVERBS
I don't know which I love more....
Thanks to ‘Colin The Cop’ for bringing this to my attention.
And for the next couple of hours, we walk around with big smiles on our faces. I still don't like telephones, but I love Skype.
I have some free time on Sunday pm so hopefully can get into my craftroom and get creative!
performers. This trend
Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), who has supported such a ban, reported Tuesday on his website that the Food and Drug Administration plans to ban caffeinated alcoholic drinks like Four Loko and Joose as an "unsafe food additive to alcoholic beverages."
Native Americans used juice from Goat’s Rue to catch fish. The juice contains a chemical compound called rotenone which temporarily stuns fish so they can be gathered by hand. Goat’s Rue has had many medicinal and household uses in the past. One of these, from which the common name is derived, comes from the practice of feeding this plant to goats in an effort to stimulate milk production.
This Broadway musical, based on Bradford Ropes’ novel, tells the story of mounting a successful stage extravaganza at the height of the Great Depression. What better place to set a story about a stage production than on a stage? In essence, the stage became a character in the cast, a character that shaped the whole story.
Southern Tier Porter
I honestly think the others had some kind of death wish. I'm just glad the all black cyclists were on the other side of the road so I didn't have to directly deal with them.
It's all about initiative. It's about making a life decision, one that will be good for you. Anyone who's against this, just baffles me! It's like saying you're against goodness today because you should've done it yesterday, and the day before that, etc. Why the F not today? Why not make it a new habit?
11. Untitled
I found myself pre-planning our Halloween display yesterday.
While they had the Tea Party, we talked of my sheep, and how I spin the sheep's wool,
Glossy Accents from Ranger
the sign of the dreamer.
"Have you ever been in the movies? I feel like I've seen you before..."
Needless to say, the treatment of (non) statutory subject matter at the USPTO is becoming more contentious for practitioners. In Re Nujten, which was argued before the CAFC over seven months ago (!) (to hear an MP3 of the oral arguments, click here), is expected to resolve at least some of the issues regarding 35 U.S.C. 101.
Last week was a great week for blogging, and I have to admit I thoroughly loved it. I enjoyed the attention and was happy to feel I'd shared some things that so many people found helpful. I felt like my old blogging self might be back to stay.
"Did you read what the bag says?", she asked.
In december 1997 the group played together with bob hund on their "Rock 'n' roll Is Killing Me" tour. bob hund are big admirers of Robert Johnson And Punchdrunks so there was a natural inventation which continued into the studio. Thomas Öberg and Jonas Jonasson did convinced Robert to record the new record in stereo. The two did not only produced the record, they also played bongos and synths. You can listen to the result on, "Fried On The Altar Of Good Taste", which is the groups most exciting record to date. It was released 15th of Mars.The record was then followed by intense touring, playing at festivals such as Hultsfred, Emmaboda, Storsjöyran and several tours in both Denmark and Norway. Punchdrunks toured also in Sweden together with Dipper and First Floor Power. In the fall of -00 Pelle Ögren left the band due to his new job. He was replaced by Kalle Sjöberg. He had already played a few gigs with Punchdrunks. However "Fried" was a big success. The critics loved it and it sold good. The year 2001 started out in the same manor with a tour in Denmark and a performance at the Nomads' 20:th anniversary. Besides this Punchdrunks recorded 2 songs in the Traxton studio. The songs "Groovin With Mr Bloe /Bladerunner" was meant as a single. It was then we got a call from Fredrik Lindström asking us to wright music for his movie "Känd från TV". The summer of 2001 was spent in the Traxton studio with Thomas Öberg and resulted in the album "Cinemascope-A-Dope" released Sept 21:st
and everybody seems to be
I know these are terrible pictures but they are hard to get close to.
Ok, well your uncle is near St Paul for his doctor's appointment. I'll call your cousin and see if he is strong enough to stop at Western Union and get some money to you. You know how weak your uncle has been since they did the transplant. I do hope you'll be alright. You know that this money was to pay for the new roof on our home. The leaks are terrible and now that it's winter I'm afraid we'll lose the roof entirely if we can't get it fixed soon. If we lost the home I'm sure it would kill your uncle. You are in my prayers as always.
But those halcyon days would not last.
I've put together a small gift guide for the letterpress enthusiast that's on your list for the holiday. Ever since I got interested in letterpress printing there never seemed to be an end to the list of things that fed my learning or enjoyment of it. The items I've selected are ones I'd personally love to find under my Christmas tree but I hope it gives you some ideas as well.
Earth’s magnetic field carves out a cavity in the sun’s onrushing field. The Earth’s magnetosphere is thus ‘buffeted like a wind sock in gale force winds, fluttering back and forth in the solar wind,’ according to David Sibeck of the THEMIS project at Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland.
The Japanese garden is a miniature representation of a picturesque world. Techniques used vary and designers often play with proportion to create the illusion of depth, and utilize smaller scale items such as rocks and water features as symbols of land and sea. Items outside the garden such as temples or rolling hills are incorporated into the landscape to make the spaces seem much more expansive. Balance is also incredibly important, but not necessarily symmetry. The spaces and pathways are meant to be soothing and welcoming to its visitors; but also provoke moments of curiosity by concealing elements from certain angles, encouraging further exploration.
“Introduction to Islamic Theology and Law,” Ignaz Goldziher (translated by Andras and Ruth Hamori). Princeton University Press, 1981.
Oh cranium, like radium shelves Rx or lies.
After we had finished eating we did a little shopping and then finished off with some tea, sadly I didnt take so many pictures, it was too rainy and cold :(
1 practical
Good Commons is bringing back the Women’s Entrepreneur Retreat this June 14th-17th. I am thrilled to be a part of this amazing weekend getaway. Not only is Vermont in June absolutely gorgeous but Good Commons is a place that instantly feels like home. This intimate retreat will be filled with inspiration, beauty, valuable tools & planning for your business, optional yoga and plenty of delicious food & wine!
since last Saturday was pretty busy, i didn’t get a chance to post my Saturday Favorites from last week.
Thus, not one but hundreds of people contributed to getting it wrong, in a very visible way. And if they can do that, when it is so visible, what about all the other decisions, where there isn't the same visibility and the consequences are not so immediate and dire?
Me: Damn it.
If a certain item is used by multiple children (such as a video, dvd, book), then we have a box it goes in, and in that workbox/file folder, we have a photocopy of that item and the kids know where to go to get the item. We are not heavily into worksheets, as we like literature based curriculum.
Sweeping water out of the house when not on mini break involving internet based whinge about having a really bad day.
This is not me. Not at all.
I recommend Ezra Frurman & the Harpoons.
12. HICKEY AND BOGGS (1972)
Coming ashore anywhere from north Oregon, through Washington State, north to British Columbia.
Any Reasonable Offers Will Be Entertained! Call Me At 9111 2169!
Jack Honeysett is putting together an exhibition of photographers from amateur and professional photographers who have captured the world of Morris Dancing and as a photographer who has been fascinated by this traditional culture for the past 2 years I was very excited.
Heather is continuing to play right side / middle side and really is getting the hang of it. I'm excited to see her progress by the end of club season (which won't be until the end of June). She's already improved so much in the last month and that's been a lot of fun to see. It was a tough switch from middle blocker, but I think it will be much nicer to play since she won't have 6 foot tall opponents on the other side of the net. No matter how high your vertical is, that can still be pretty intimidating.
Instead, my hero rode off into the sunset with a middle finger upturned and his pockets full of cash and almost the entirety of USC’s football staff. In rode Lane Kiffin, a man I despised at USC, mocked at Oakland and pitied in Knoxville. How could I not? This was a guy so universally lacking in social graces he offended Norm Chow, who is as silent and mysterious as an Asian lawn gnome, a statue possessed of a preternatural understanding of the play action pass and literally nothing else and definitely not something as silly as etiquette, so it’s even more impressive to contemplate things like little backhanded compliments and daily terseness mounting to the point of no return for football’s version of that rotund Buddha statue right next to the creepy ceramic cat in every sushi bar known to man. Oh how unenviable the task of an Andrew or Lyndon Johnson, or poor, decent Harry Truman. Say what you want about inheriting the presidency following an assassination: at least they didn’t have to deal with a bubble gum chewing ex- running around Qwest Field lofting fades when all they wanted to do was settle in and figure out how the red phone works, except I might have mixed my metaphors there. Either way, you’ll always be known as The Guy Who Came After.
Makes about 3 ½ cups of sauce.
Once you've parked your car or gotten off your bus, you pass through the second and third security perimeters.
When the First Ones framed the World, they appointed one among them to create adversity and contrariness to harrow the lives of men. But the One became scornful and dark in his work, so that the Council branded him Quietus and exiled him and the dark races he’d created. The Framers sealed them all beyond the Bourne and abandoned the young World, leaving it with but a small hope of redemption.
I explained the additional measures to my family yesterday — anyone who hadn’t been crying before — started. It’s been a bit of an emotional roller-coaster for me. In the unlikeliest of places, I managed to bump into the benefactor. I shared innumerable thanks on behalf of my friends and their family, as well as my personal thanks for all that had been done. It’s the least we can do.
And so to my painting... here on a piece of scrap wood found in a skip I have painted a kind of Pied Piper - a figure and a story which have long lured me - but which also felt apt, as he too, boundary walker and soul-stirrer-music-maker, was heading for the mountains.... He plays an aulos - or diaulos - a double-piped flute from ancient Greece, often depicted being played by the god Pan, or other satyrs. It is a reeded instrument said to sound similar to the bagpipes (as one of the pipes would have played the drone, the other the tune). I gave my traveller a split pipe to hint at the dual nature of things, the alpha/omega, yin/yang wheel, without being too specific. He pipes up a tune for a gathering crowd of misfits who appear to be preparing for a journey. As always in my paintings, these folk are the odd ones. Amongst them are old and young, happy and weary, there's a cockerel, a handcart, conjoined twins of different races, and a certain hound. And the keen eyed will spot the one who was left behind in the original Pied Piper tale, who for me stands for something important too, here he's a misfit amongst misfits...
Discussing that curious event
If you haven't seen my interview at houzz.com today, go here to check it out! Make sure to comment there for a chance to win the Ballard pear! (See previous post.) Your comments over there are making. my. year. by the way. I am so honored to inspire you. I can't thank you enough for your support.
Fun
Yes yes, I know not everyone can learn to drive at age 10…but what I’m saying is, the more I can hopefully expose my children to, the better equipped I hope they are to take on the unexpected challenges that life throws at them.
Now that you've seen my work, why don't you go see what Traci is up to today? And if you're interested in seeing the rest of the posts about the 30-30-30 challenge, just click the button on the side of my blog.
Ch 6, join to form ring.
We celebrated Thanksgiving at home this year. Matt's parents, and my parents came for lunch, also a friend of ours, Mary. It was my first time cooking a turkey, and I was happy with the results! It was a good meal.
Stand up for what you believe
So I started going through the year and I came to the conclusion that it was probably even. My year in review for 2010 has just as many images as last year and will also be a monster post. And I think if anything, completing project 365 was even more of an accomplishment this time around because it was a very challenging year parenting-wise.
When Northumbria Police went to the extent of trying to detain him by using (unlicensed) Tasers – rifle-style weapons with a longer firing range than normal pistol-style Tasers – he took the decision to kill himself using his shotgun. However, conscious of his desire to be ‘taken down’ by armed police, Northumbria Police senior officers took a decision to deploy these unlicensed, ‘less-than-lethal’ options to prevent his death. Bearing in mind he’d already attempted to murder a police officer, threatened to kill yet more and gone to significant lengths to advertise his desire to die, this approach was an extraordinary one to detain him alive. (The decision around using the weapons was somewhat vindicated by HM Coroner as reasonable in the circumstances, a genuine attempt to achieve a non-fatal outcome; but ultimately not until after the Home Office withdrew the operating licence of the company who supplied the weapons. This in turn lead to the suicide of Pro-Tect director Pete BOATMAN, a former police inspector and of course, this had to be attended by … police officers from his own previous force in Northamptonshire.)
"That's fine. Take your time." I offer. I know what's coming after he gets me tied--lots and lots of bath brushing.
Q. Do you have any badges/scarf’s?
abominable
“Well it doesn’t have to be short Mr Wences- Mr Amylase. We can drag it out if you like – set the oven at a lower gas mark, douse her with water and dress her in fire-retardant clothing – you know, anything that helps. These can all be arranged. Asbestos – we’ve got plenty of that lining the walls here; simply tons of it. If there’s anything within our power to make your grandmother’s extinguishing lengthier, you can rely on us.”
Hope For the Silent Voices also allows her the freedom to be who God created her to be without shame; to use her journey through life to bring a voice to those who have been silent for too long and from whom hope has been taken. She has had the privilege of seeing other parts of the world and people who have shown her what joy, peace and living is really all about. She continues to search the world for those in pain and to provide hope for those who suffer at the hands of evil.
The giant makes another swift gesture, and the twins are swept wordlessly from their feet and sent flying across the room into the dark, their bodies violently colliding with some invisible wall beyond. The creature at her feet tenses, but its broken shape makes it look pathetic and defenseless. The giant clearly doesn’t perceive it as a threat, and fails to react when the demented beast pounces across the room and seizes the giant by the head. It sinks fangs and claws into the giant’s flesh, causing more screams and violent thrashing about. The giant falls to its haunches, and the horribly twisted beast atop him begins to gorge on his flesh, strips peeled from his bones, curls of smoke rising from pitted veins. Sounds of popping and ripping and suckling continue interminably, making Djoran’s stomach churn and wretch painfully.
Photo credit: Lynelle Wilcox
If the reforms at the USCCB and the CCHD are truly authentic, we’ll know in a year or two (or four). But for now, the wolves are still guarding the hen house.
Guest Writer
The bad weather would prove to be a major factor for this race. Ultra-marathoners being what we are we shrugged our shoulders and hoped for the best. We are an all terrain all weather kind of folk. We pray for conditions that is conducive for fast times, we can whine and complain with the best but we won't put off a start because of inclement weather. It's part of the game. The weather was enough however to make the difference between finishing or dropping for a lot of people. It's not just the rain and wind you understand it's also the footing and the condition of the trails. Wet, muddy trail is a bigger challenge. At least for me, I'm more tentative on slippery ground. I want to go fast but because I'm also being careful not to lose my balance I'm tense the whole time, not totally relaxed. As conditions go I've had worse. Kettle Moraine 2008 takes the cake; hot and humid at the start with lots of biting insects, two thunderstorms that filled the trails with running water and the constant bass of the tornado warnings in the air. Second worst would be Bighorn 2007. The storm came the week before but it left in it's wake an extremely muddy course, stream crossings and snow at the turnaround point. That is the only race where I broke 30 hours and finished in a state that is uncharacteristic of my happy-go-lucky self. It broke me and I just wanted to crawl into a dark hole until I felt better. So as bad as it got at Pine to Palm I didn't think it was terrible. I did get cold out there which is unusual for me since I am comfortable in cool, rainy, windy weather and in my last hour when the skies opened up one more time with the heaviest downpour of the race I complained to my pacer, "I am so tired of being wet!" Of the 26:27:11 hours that I was out there I was wet for 24 of them. Boohooo right? Yeah I'm with you, at least I finished.
Maritime Safety Queensland General Manager, Patrick Quirk, said the initial damage report was that the main engine room was breached, the main engine damaged and the rudder seriously damaged.
"I'm just in the phase of wanting to go through my closet and would love to cultivate a style that's more like yours- interesting, artistic, feminine, etc. But, as I look in my closet, that urge is at odds with my desire to be comfy and a bit schlubby in my yoga pants and Birkenstocks. Is it okay to be both sophisticated and quirky and comfy and casual, or is that just representative of a greater disconnect?"
And what about the bit of philosophical dialog at the tea party:
We, being adolescents, would do our level best to push him to the brink every day. He was pretty tough though, and wouldn’t crater too often.
Have a happy one!!
I have enjoyed this snowy weather as it has given me the excuse to snuggle at home reading books. My reading has been somewhat thin on the ground of late as i have been crafting instead, but i have enjoyed reading 3 books since Sunday. I love that feeling; once you have got to know the characters and then you cant wait to pick the book up again to find out what happens to them!
10. Neighbourhood #3 (Power Out)
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
Take the WWE Championship. Winner is supposed to be the best in the company I take it. He is at the top of the ladder, the summit, the mountain top, they are the best of the best of the best and they defend that title against only those who climb the mountain in an effort to actually challenge them. You know, back when being a number one contender meant something? You don’t remember those days? Well Pepperidge Farm does*, and dammit, so do I*! It really makes no sense to have challengers with no clear indication of number one contender status challenge the champion! I’m not talking about the Money in the Bank matches or the Royal Rumble, those are solid. Those are good. I’m talking about arbitrary six-man battle royals the week before a PPV to determine something as significant as the challenger to the top belt in your damn business!
3 close
POLICE INTERACTION #1:
Some might argue otherwise. I’m just going to say right off the bat that virtually no single song particularly stuck with me, the entire record running together into a muddied melting pot of fuzz-affected roots rock. Not to downplay the type of music the band performs – it’s an interesting mix. It just wasn’t executed as well as it could have been. Bruising frontwoman Brittany Howard shines on some tracks, her rip-roaring soulful vocals slicing through the lo-Americana arrangements with all the steampower of the Chattanooga Choo-Choo. (Think Merrill Garbus of tUnE-yArDs meets Caleb Followill of Kings of Leon.) But for the most part, the band is relatively stagnant, playing it safe in the shadow of a singer who’s destined to die a rock ‘n’ roll demigod.
L's Cupcakes
If we can get to the point where we realize that simply being a parent does not entitle us to much of anything, and particularly not to battle against and defeat our kids at the very point at which they are the most vulnerable, we can begin to partner with our children in an environment of love and respect. And we can, with time and patience, use the power of assuming positive intent to help our children work through their frustration, anger, and sadness.
Six.
~ Charles Bukowski
As I mentioned, despite all the problems I have had, there is no way I would ever go back to disposables. I still wish I had switched to cloth sooner and even wish that I hadn't listened to the people who told me not to do it in the first place. I could have saved so much money and maybe my troubleshooting would have pointed me in my ultimate direction sooner. Alas, as I do not like to live in the past, I can only continue to move forward and enjoy my diapers while we're still using them.
I have been enjoying some "grandma" time so have not spent any time in my craft room, but I did want to share a masculine card I had made before I left, using Our Daily Bread Design's NEW sets Sweet Friendship (frame) and Faithful Friend (sentiment). My base is Mark's Finest Paper, and the dp is K&Co, and the corrugated I have had in my stash forevah! The frame due cut is Spellbinders. I used Memento ink and colored with copics. I added some fine twine from the jewelry dept of Hobby Lobby, and some Recollections brads to finish this real CAS layout off. It's so hard for me to keep it simple, and to make it masculine. Hopefully I achieved that with this one! LOL!
It must be obvious that I am in a better mood and feel more in control because Claire came up to me and told me that I was being a such a sweet girl and so she will give me a hug. Nothing like a good pat on the back form your 4 year old!
Mary’s goal was to be a missionary to Africa, but she was told that black missionaries weren’t needed, so she returned to teach school in South Carolina. In 1898, she married Albertus Bethune. They had one son, Albert. She worked as a teacher and in social work until in 1899 the family relocated to Palatka Florida where Mary taught in a mission school. Mary felt strongly that an important way to improve the lives of African-Americans was to educate the girls. She was inspired by both Emma Jane Wilson the teacher in the mission school where she was educated and by Lucy Craft Laney who founded the Haines Normal and Industrial Institute in Augusta Georgia. Bethune spent a year teaching at the Haines Institute and was very impressed with Laney’s educational philosophy.
the Gaggia's chshsh like rush-hour airbrakes.
I'd like to invite you all today to join me in a celebration of Jane Austen's birthday, but in my opinion a dish of Tea alone will not suffice. This great lady deserves a birthday cake, though such a thing was not common practice at the time. However, as she wrote in a letter in 1808,
Finish Operator July 2010- Aug. 2011
The CCF must not mean MAS has to abandon all their plans and not Air Asia. Shell and Exxon can do JV for upstream but they do not close up their gas station for the other to enter.
3. The brochure says you only need 2 coats of the paint, but we weren't happy with how that looked. I wish there had been a leeeetle bit more paint to help us finish up the job (instead of having to purchase a larger sized kit, which is way more expensive at $150).
Also, make sure that the bobbin thread matches the bottom fabric! Unless your going for a certain style of course. I forgot about this during the first line and still had my off white bobbin thread in there. Changed it out to navy blue right after.
"So," he continued, "the process here now is that I have to go look in the truck. Maybe I have a replacement or even a Ohmfusionater to use."
Right off the bat, I definitely noticed a culture difference in the pastry kitchen. When we were in the culinary side of the school, they did a very good job at instilling a sense of urgency in everything we do, doesn’t matter if we are putting out dishes or washing the pots and pans. In pastry, it’s so much more chill and while I welcome this change, I felt that the new folks who just joined pastry lack that urgency that were drilled into us last term. In general, I felt there’s too much talking and not enough of getting stuff done. I also missed the chemistry that our class had last term. We worked so well together and now, it’s like we’re starting from scratch again. Oh well, life is always changing, is it not?
You just sit there staring at that big magnificent chandelier, its crystals still sparkling in the darkness, and you can't help but imagine a Beverly that you never knew, a long, long time ago.
Benjamin is a 30 years old director who studied in Frankfurt with Hans Hollmann and Christof Loy, before moving to Cologne where he was assistant to Uwe Eric Laufenberg, Tilman Knabe, Robert Carsen, Katharina Thalbach... In the current season he's for the first time working as a free-lancer.
6. Be Spontaneous - Allow spontaneity to invade your routine. I have never really been the kind of person who follows a routine. I find that I am happier when I only do what I feel like, what my heart tells me to do at the current moment. If you don’t allow some spontaneous moments into your life, a mindless routine will start to get really old and wear on you. The most creative individuals are also the most spontaneous thinkers and carefree adventurers.
These so called journalists, who trumpet the unquestioned “innocence” of Muslim terrorist suspects, when they are acquitted by ethnically stacked juries, and who just happened to attend terrorist training camps in Tora Bora and the Brecon Beacons for their relaxation, are seeking to smear Mr. Kemp with in a crime for which he was never even charged, let alone tried, or convicted. These arrogant little demigods have spent so long in their hermetically sealed fantasy world that they actually believe they can produce this transparent propaganda in the weeks leading up to an election they fear their ideological buddies might lose, and yet assume they can retain some credibility.
We are using a really awesome photographer and going to a field, old train tracks, and a few other hot spots. The only bad part is that it is supposed to be a balmy 35 degrees when the flashes start going. I am excited about it, but have a few small items that I am praying for.
But no matter how outré I think this is, and no matter how much I think she’ll regret it in ten years or so, I insist that she has a right to do as she pleases with her own body, money and life. Of course, I also have the right to mock her for it.
I hope, with this new year, we will experience a change, a change for the better. I hope we will continue to be blessed and if this year has been a difficult one, that this difficulty will leave. That we will not only enter but leave 2012 full of positivity. I hope for happiness not only in my family but for everybody's family, for their friends, for their loved ones. I hope for success, health and all of those stereotypical things you wish for in a new years toast. And in an idealistic world, I hope for peace. But most of all I hope not to lose myself. This past year, I have seen many of my friends forget about their goals and their desires, drowning in lies and wallowing their pity in litres of alcohol. This year I hope we can all achieve happiness not only in the literal sense but also in purpose. With that, I wish you;
When I returned home I began weeding throughout my gardens. You know the old expression, " There are two things certain in life, death and taxes."? Well, for gardeners it is pests and weeds! LOL I can weed all day and still find them hidden about the plantings. Argh!
The most obvious consequence will be the waste of human resources. Having so many intelligent people on the dole is not going to help us out of the recession. Far from it - we need them in work to help us OUT of this dire economic situation.
Former team public relations director Rick Cerrone tells of asking Berra to autograph the 1984 Sports Illustrated cover.
The challenge is to do a page about the man in your life.
Oh crap, wait.
"But I don't have any creamer," I whine.
Seriously, how often have you berated the disciples for one thing or another? let’s be honest. Friends, we are these men. I had to stop my brain SO MANY TIMES yesterday from wandering down rabbit trails of fear, worry, thinking of tomorrow and planning for the worst..seriously. God, don’t you care that I’m going to the ER again? Jesus cared on that boat on the Sea of Galilee and He cared in my Ford Explorer yesterday and He cares today and always.
3: FAC 33 45 RPM UK 12" single (green sleeve, 2nd version of Ceremony on A-side)
"The Atrocity Archive — short novel, in which Bob and various other major characters are introduced.
George Orwell grasped the political importance of nonsense long ago, in his still scary satire, Nineteen Eighty-Four. He referred to it as Duckspeak. The essence of Duckspeak is to lower the intellectual level of the conversation, spread confusion and allow the speaker to get away with something. Duckspeak was a refined version of the official language of Oceania, Newspeak. A good Duckspeaker could change his party line in mid-sentence while being quite unaware that the second half of the sentence contradicted everything in the first half. This ability was very much valued by the ruling Party. Newspeak was specifically designed to eliminate independent thought, and was essentially an impoverished version of the English language. “Newspeak was designed not to extend but to diminish the range of thought.”
Maybe by the time you read this, Korin, I will have won the lottery and called you with your ticket info. :) Maybe we're already baguetting it up, girlie.
They needed me to have photos made to be included in the press kit they sent out for show publicity. While in Spencer I found a photography studio where I arranged to have my photos done. Donning one of the tuxedos I used for my juggling act, I went for the photo shoot. The color photo used in the header was basically a vanity shot for me to have and to give to my parents. The actual publicity shots intended for reproduction in newspapers and the like had to be in black and white. One of these publicity photos can be seen below.
After we moved out of Eglin, we headed to South Florida for some time with family before our adventure began. JB and I took a short break away for the weekend in Key West.
The topping
Not to worry I’ve been drinking water and Gatorade like it’s my job. But it hasn’t helped yet. I am sitting here in a tank top and shorts and I feel like i’m on fire. Yes, I’ve also been taking Tylenol…I’m on this no worries and I hear it’s going around. Be warned.
actually think.
and wearing christmas clothes . . .
If you haven't been over to her blog you should definitely check it out. Great ideas and fantastic before and after projects.
I wasn’t around then, but it’s my understanding that many of the “classic” instances used to be large singular instances. Instead of having the Great Barrow: The Maze, Thadúr and Sambrog, there was just the Great Barrow. After they received the makeover treatment, the instances were split up to balance them for more casual playing with some of the original instance left on the cutting room floor. For example, you might find guides such as this walkthrough for Helegrod which may make no sense if you’re trying to do it now.
5) Peas & Beans
We traveled to Norfolk on Saturday, April 14. On the way we listened to Jack Plank Tells Tales and Chasing Vermeer. We enjoyed church at First Presbyterian in Norfolk and the sunshine of Virginia Beach on Sunday. Bright and early on Monday morning, I accompanied my sister to the hospital and waited until she was through surgery. While she was resting the children and I took advantage of the amazing colonial history of the area and spent several hours at Jamestown Settlement. We all agreed that the outdoor exhibits were our priority. We learned about braiding baskets, scraping hides, outdoor cooking, blacksmithing and sailing the Atlantic. We also enjoyed an interesting and informative film on the settlement of Jamestown. We took our time with the outdoor exhibits and didn't get to the extensive indoor galleries. After a quick visit to the gift shop I stopped at customer service and asked if it was possible to get an "add on" ticket so that we could come back the following day. The wonderful customer service person was thrilled that we wanted to come back and finish seeing what they had to offer and printed complimentary tickets for us to return the next day. Three cheers for Jamestown Settlement!
3) An NNPC self-discount of N108b.
1/Who sang Congratulations & Celebrations? (Our theme this week!)
She said: ‘It was weird to sit down at a table and read with the actresses playing Tony’s girlfriends. Occasionally I would get a sharp twinge at the back of my neck.
This country doesn’t belong to Wall Street. America will always belong to the people. It is time for us to stand up and demand our slice of the pie.
Sao Paulo, Brazil
.fuhrer des punk
Because it’s totally true. Very real. Miraculous. Breathtaking.
writers who have traveled the world and written books,
“Have your husband meet me here in the morning and by tomorrow evening he will have a job.” He looked at my mother.
That you make up for all that you lack
In short, the expansion of the Tar Sands is hurting our manufacturing sector. To the tune of 200 000 jobs.
I bet he will say, Our fight against Al Qaeda will not swayed by terror demands, and if anything it will cause us to increase our fight to eliminate them.
Appearance:
I looked up the club that Georgia mentioned on the stream. It's open until really late. Alick knows, I'd drag him places until 3 a.m. Oh, I guess you weren't supposed to know that Dad. Oops.
i do!!
Since EdVest currently waives account fees for Wisconsin residents, the only cost to grandparents, aunts, and uncles is the few minutes to open a new account naming the child as beneficiary. A beneficiary can have multiple 529 accounts, drawing from each as needed or consolidated at some point. The deduction privilege has not changed, just the procedure.
My name is Lisa, I work for ITV Studios in London. We are making a new show for Sky Atlantic called "The Devil's Dinner Party" and are trying to spread the word in Hebden Bridge!
Spoon 1/4 of the sausage mixture into 6 quart slow cooker; top with 5 noodles, broken into pieces to fit. Spread with half of the cheese mixture and 1/4 of the sausage mixture. Top with 5 noodles, remaining cheese mixture and 1/4 of the sausage mixture. Top with remaining 5 noodles and remaining sausage mixture.
Have any of you had any close encounters of the worst kind involving the police? The Blue Scholar Blog wants to know. Please feel free to leave a comment. we are eager to share your stories and opinions.
Anyway, in the pursuit of picture perfect skin, Fujifilm – yes, that’s right – has created Astalift Skincare, a luxury anti-ageing skincare range which has been researched and developed for over 70 years, and that combines unique technological expertise in skin with advanced molecular research and patented innovation to become the specialists in collagen and antioxidants.
While the shop is officially closed I am still booking boats online at www.masterbaiters.com.mx so if you are looking for a fishing trip call me the shop phone number or my cell as listed on the web site and we´ll fix you up.
As the article mentions, this opens up some interesting possibilities. In effect, stories will now be published on a a stand-alone basis, without the associated content of a magazine, but with the imprimatur of the Atlantic's editorial staff. And the Kindle is a more flexible medium than print; it can just as easily handle short-shorts or stories that would have been too long for magazines, but too short for publication as a book. This development even offers some hope for the novella--arguably the most perfect of fiction forms, but one that has never really been able to find a market in the world of print.
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?
I know that I am not perfect. I know my writing is FAR from perfect. I KNOW that I have stories to tell. I won't let fear put a damper on my dreams of sharing my stories with others. I can't. I won't. But it is a struggle. One that I will constantly battle. But for now, I will close my eyes and take a leap of faith.
Mind at ease
Web site: www.broadpeak.tv
Iona shuddered at the memory and the knowledge that he would expect so much more from her than a pretty face at his breakfast table. Suddenly, it all became too much. She buried her face into her skirts and began to cry. How could she endure this? How could her father ask her to endure this?
I used to have blocks of time for reading as a student, but that’s not so much the case anymore, except on holidays and weekends. Still, I’m determined to catch up. Reading is a great way to spend time. It engages the brain much more than the average TV show, requiring concentration and an active mind. So, a little while ago I decided to make reading a part of my daily practice. If I wait around for holidays to get through my growing piles of books I’ll never catch up, but if I just start chipping away bit by bit each day, say just 10-20 pages daily, then I’ll be able to read 1-2 books per month at least.
No one talked for awhile. There were just sounds of chewing and swallowing.
Consider adding this or one of the many other colorful "foreign" units in French service to your French Napoleonic wargames army!
Kelly: 1.7
05. Owl Flight 9:40 Jun Fukamachi
...A few days later after another unsuccessful attempt at fixing my hair I decided to go to the Hollywood place and check out the guy from California. I was worried about having an appointment or having to wait a long time; I guess that's why I don't have a regular stylist because I don't like to do those things.
broken toys
Repent and be restored!
75. Been fired from a job
Greg. Of course! And Hugo. But Hugo's the only character in the book that I shamelessly ripped from real life. He's based on the proprietor of the hostel I stayed in when I was in Barcelona. There really was a pinboard in the common room, at least when I was there, with love notes to him from previous guests.
Seems its well past time to decouple the various Internet systems away from the freedom of speech despising American elites.
IT'S HARD TO KNOW WHEN AND WHERE TO FINISH THESE POSTS. IN MANY WAYS, THERE IS NO END.
But what does that mean? In particular, what does it mean when the NT says that Jesus is “Lord.”
However, clinging firmly to their politically correct mandate Thames Valley Police refused to reveal the ethnicity of the suspected gang members, saying such information “could result in victims being identified”.
In the United States, urine therapy advocates cite the works of John W. Armstrong, The Water of Life: A Treatise on Urine Therapy, Martha M. Christy, Your Own Perfect Medicine, and Coen Van Der Kroon, The Golden Fountain.
St. Mary’s, Cotesbach was packed. I have not seen it as busy since I married my Beloved there in 2001. People had come from far and wide to pay their last respects to Sam.
Do you WANT to listen Greg?
Emmental
What they saw? Jesus Christ of Nazareth, the Lord, alive and well, resurrected and claiming His place in the right side of God the Father!
BELLEVILLE, IL, Apr 16, 2012 (MARKETWIRE via COMTEX) — The unemployment rate for people with disabilities climbed back above 14 percent during the first quarter of 2012 after dropping significantly at the end of 2011, according to a study by Allsup, a nationwide provider of Social Security disability representation and Medicare plan selection services.
Another problem with the explanations of ignorance, or misinformation is that the truth and the facts are being promoted constantly in the media despite what my fellow Liberals charge: Someone who watches Fox “News” exclusively still walks around the same world as everyone else and invariably sees other headlines they have to actively dismiss. The devoted Fox “News” watcher has to walk the Earth in a constant state of denial, preemptively disbelieving anything that doesn’t match up with Murdoch’s brand of propaganda and wait for new Fox “factoids” to counter reality when they get home and can watch Hannity or whomever. There were for example far more years (decades in fact) of information on the dangers of global climate change, pollution, the importance of conservation, the dangers of continued and future oil dependence, than there have been of the relatively recent Right wing and corporate-sponsored anti-Environment movement propaganda. So just how did such obvious lies catch up to and overtake the truth for many in America?
If not my life, at the very least my enviable wealth of diamonds and cold hard cash is certainly at risk.
Lots has happened over the last month:
Below is a summary of Zittrain's 'Privacy 2.0' concept. It is written in a very academic style and I make no apologies for that - it is one component amongst many in my current academic toolbox and so is expressed that way. I hope you find it useful:
Provision, faithfulness, answered prayers – alleluia.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I must pop off to bed. Being a 'break' week, there's no 6.15pm session tomorrow, so I'll be creaking my way to the 6am group.....ouch *insert wincing face* I'm loving it, seriously. I am. Now, if someone could just remind me of that at 5.20am tomorrow...??
The Augustiner Großgaststätte is in the pedestrianised centre of the city and is Augustiner’s flagship pub. A rare example of German Art Nouveau grandeur, service and beer are both excellent here. The Augustiner Keller is famous for its outdoor barbecuing and superb beer garden. However, the cellar bar here is worth a visit of its own. And finally, the Augustiner Bräustuben-the brewery tap-has to be visited, if just for the atmosphere.
Let’s continue the discussion, for it’s going someplace. Yawee, you just described the process of creating macro-entanglement in the Temple. What you described was magnetics and null points. Very good! Do you perhaps understand that magnetics and null points are even at the center of your galaxy?
And this war on women, on children, on motherhood and on families is all right out of the Democrat playbook. Sweden is where Obama wants America to be. Somehow his ilk always targets the children and always falsely claims the mantle of representing women.
This is mainly for purposes of historical accuracy, and as a reference for when questions arise later on in the project.
I think everyone on this planet is a 'racist' cause we all in some ways, irghtly so mostly, consider ourselves superior to another, in any given field of sport, or politics, or intellect, or common sense or whatever. You are superior to me in some things, and I am superior to you in others. Those who profess to not be 'racists', think that everyone is equal in all things, and those who say they are 'superior' in certain issues, are 'racists'. They think they are superior to 'racists', but they are not 'racist'? Go figure. Talk about self righteous denial!
Gueuze and many others.
At the gravesite, we finally learn Rae’s full name—Moira for those interested—as the little coffin is lowered into the ground. And that’s that, I guess. So long, little Rae. Shame you didn’t seem to be as adored as your abhorrent older sister. You deserved better.
The pickforks and toothpicks
A. Fearless Fourteen
The Troubador Magma is a great Belgian IPA because it has the body of a triple but what gives it the big IPA style is of course the hops! The massive fruity aroma come from the dry hopping process with American hops which are so popular today! It's a beer of incredible balance and flavour and I'm trying to get more for The Rake! Love it!
Then, using a hot glue gun, glue two or three extensions on top of each other to create more thickness. For extra durability, hand sew them together as well as using hot glue. This can be a painful process (as the extensions plus glue are very thick), but is definitely worth the not-coming apart.
Nirvana is one of our favorite bands of all time and Nevermind was one of the first tapes (yes cassette tapes!) we ever purchased. We were just barely teenagers at the time. Not only did this album open up the doors to a whole 'nother world of music for us, it even changed the way we dressed and how we felt about the world around us. This just happened to be the time when we were changing from innocent little kids to angst ridden teenagers. Good times!
Oh! If you happen to take this cruise, don't forget to bring some cash for tips at the end. Jimbo and his team work hard. I'm so glad I had some cash on me. I never usually do!
While in most fields there is a great gap between an opinion and a fact, in advertising and marketing a "fact" is usually just the elongated shadow of some blowhard's opinion.
Ellen Fullman is a highly original composer/performer who plays on an instrument of her own invention, the descriptively named long-stringed instrument, which consists of a set of fifty-foot-long wires that she bows and vibrates with her fingers. The instrument produces unique, droning layers of resonances, rich and full and subtle. On the four pieces that make up Through Glass Panes, Fullman explores the contours of her instrument (which she has been playing since 1981) in several different settings and with different combinations of collaborating musicians. "Never Gets Out of Me" juxtaposes the deep resonances of the long-stringed instrument with the comparatively traditional mournful cello tones of Theresa Wong, and the effect is striking and melancholy: Wong's gorgeous minor-key melodies seem like condensed versions of the stretched-out tones that Fullman pulls from her instrument, as though the two musicians are exploring the same idea on entirely separate time scales. On "Flowers," Fullman is joined by cellist Henna Chou and violinist Travis Weller, and together the three musicians craft a much fuller and richer sound, with crystalline structures assembled from their unison string tones. This piece was recorded in an abandoned power plant, and the recording emphasizes the hollow spaciousness of the surroundings, as well as setting off the string drones from the delicate birdsong heard in the background. The title track is composed for two performers with box bows — hollow, curved wooden blocks — which create syncopated percussive patterns on the elongated strings of Fullman's instrument. The effect is almost folksy and guitar-like, recalling Henry Flynt's front-porch minimalism, with the rhythmic beats of the box bows contrasting against the underlying droney harmonics. Only on the final track, "Event Locations No. 2," does Fullman's instrument stand alone for a solo piece, with the droning strings creating layers upon layers of beautiful, emotionally charged overtones. [buy]
Real ale is about to burst onto our screens in a big way.
More than ever before, the importance of broadband access is being discussed in Washington and amongst Telecom companies across the U.S. Perhaps due to the disparity between other minority groups’ use of broadband and that among Latinos (44% of Latinos have adopted broadband usage compared with more than 56% of African-Americans and 67% for White-Americans)* the issue is being discussed whether Broadband is essential for Latino’s success. Is this technology’s importance being blown out of proportion?
"Uh-uh." Rissad shook his head. "I'm not exactly in a position to make free with my trust. You even know what this place is?"
Sew or iron your bottom and side hems. Leave the top un-hemmed as this is where it will be attached to the mounting board.
We are writing regarding reports that Forest City Ratner is requesting funds
he didn’t trust women who don’t have orgasms… which led to
Then, again, one could ask why a Christian must suffer physical ailments when the unbeliever seemingly enjoys perfect health. Paul gives us the appropriate answer in 2 Corinthians 12 as he reports as to his thorn in the flesh; the messenger of Satan sent to buffet him. He prayed three times, perhaps telling God that it just wasn’t fair. The reply came to him in verse 9. “And he said unto me, my grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness.”
In a bowl, mix together the ground nuts, sugar, cinnamon, cocoa powder, raisins and chestnut puree. Heat the butter and milk together until the butter has melted and then pour over the filling mix and stir together well. Finally, beat in the egg yolk. It will be quite liquid.
-KEROSENE by Chris Wooding -- real, honest, heartbreaking. God, this kid was burning things down left right and centre and I could still empathise with him. Fantastic. And THE HAUNTING OF ALAIZABEL CRAY by Chris Wooding, some of the best YA fantasy I've read, even though I don't like his adult stuff that much (Kerosene is contemporary, so some diversity there).
an old recipe
Back in 1961 people of color were called 'Negroes in America.'So how can the Obama 'birth certificate' state he is 'African-American' when the term wasn't even used at that time?.
2) Bonus Code: Sioux City SUX2X
I am not sure how much of this story I have told, so I am going to recap. Last year we took Porgie to the dentist for a cleaning and discovered that she had cavities between her molars, on both sides. We had the cavities filled. Six months later (at her next cleaning), the dentist noticed that one of her fillings had fallen out. I was annoyed, but figured it was a fluke, and I let him refill the cavity. This was a mistake.
One winter,
feel like i child.
I’m forgiving what I’ve done
i do it all the time. i love driving through historic and high-end neighborhoods, taking in all of the beautiful architecture. sadly, i am usually disappointed when i catch a glimpse of the interiors, as most homes are not as glorious on the inside as they are on the outside.
In 2 Peter 3:20-21, Peter wrote about of the scriptures, “knowing this first, that every prophecy of Scripture comes not from one’s own interpretation, for prophecy never came by the will of man, but holy men of God spoke by the Holy Spirit moving them.” By referring to scripture, Peter certainly had the Paul’s writings in mind. Peter had more than Paul’s writings in mind too. Look at the context of 2 Peter 3:20-21. In 2 Peter 1:16-19, Peter referred to John, James, and himself witnessing the Transfiguration, and Peter stated that “we” “have the prophetic word” that “you” do well to heed. By “we”, Peter was referring to John and himself after James’ death. In 2 Peter 1:19, Peter noted that “you” should follow the prophecy from John and himself, and then Peter refers to “every prophecy of Scripture” in 2 Peter 1:20. Paul’s writings were prophetic scripture and so were those of Peter and John. The New Testament Scriptures were being collected with Paul’s writings according to 2 Peter 3:16, which according to 1:16-21 must include also the writings of Peter and John. There is a definite collection established and being built upon even at the time of the writing 2 Peter being about 67 AD. Clearly, the Apostles did oversee the collection of the New Testament Scriptures. The Apostle John also has some words to add to these things. In 1 John 1:1-4, John referred to all of the Apostles’ writings. John stated that “we” write. John wrote “we are writing these things” referring to the Apostles’ writings and this epistle of John. Again, both John and Peter affirmed their supervision of the collection of the New Testament writings.
These just so happen to be one of my favorite things, but something that is quickly spoiled when the shell sticks to the egg white. Follow the tips above for easy peel eggs. When making deviled eggs, place the egg carton on it’s side in the refrigerator for about 24 hours before making the hard boiled eggs. This allows the yolk to shift to the center of the egg and will ensure a perfectly center yolk for you hard boiled eggs.
because they do not think they have a problem. And they think what
Don’t hold back on pattern and textures. Toss some bold, graphic pillows on a sofa or chair that need a pop of pattern. Line the back of a boring bookcase with Ikat wallpaper and pepper your floors with colorful rugs. Cover a wall with reclaimed lumber from top to bottom and create a unique focal point to showcase your favorite art.
Dry roast the walnuts in a frying pan over low heat fopr 1-2 minutes or until they smell fragrant.
I now intend to open a bottle of wine and find out what you have all been up to. It will probably take several hours to get through all your blogs and read your past and current posts, but I will try and leave a comment.
Eric D. Butler in "Releasing Reality: Social Credit & the Kingdom of God." 1979.
So naturally when i saw this theme i had to use....
But when you let, God’s grace break in
In Conversation with Charon, Tuscan Wine Quarterly
As you can see from the screen shot to the right, I used a gradient map to change the photo to black and white and then added a couple of different textures, one from Jerry Jones and one from Kim Klassen. I then flattened the image and overlaid it on the notebook image to frame it.
IN THE MEANTIME GET WET AND PRE ODER OUR FIRST VINYL RELEASE PAISAJES BY THE NEW AGE PROG PSYCHEDELIC BIRD ENTHUSIAST ACT TRISTEZA!!
Though from an affluent family, Leonard never let it go to his head and took it upon himself to try all the flavor that life had to offer. It was only when he returned to California in the mid Eighties that his life took an unusual turn - or at least as unusual a turn as a half-man, half-centipede could experience in his lifetime.
Rissad must have seen Rel's consternation. "It's complicated. Which side are you on?" His frown told Rel only that the answer mattered to the other man, but not which 'sides' he meant.
According to a 'sting in the tail' article by Linda Stewart in today's Belfast Telegraph a DOE spokesman said, "In 2011 RPS undertook a further survey and found no evidence of the bee at this location." This survey may be accurate but it can't be considered independent.
Seems out of character for Neil to be willing to forge a letter from his father. I know he’s juiced with Keating mojo, but geez. Next he is going to boost the school’s hearse to go get milkshakes and go to the hop.
This alternative source of power, which is both cheap and convenient, is the phone line. The phone companies use power to make conversations possible, yet, there are periods of time, such as during the night, when this power is not used by anyone, as there are very few to no people using the phone network during that period. This is the time when you can gather the energy and deposit it into batteries which will later power some of the appliances from your house. This energy is included in your phone bill, so that it is practically yours, you are not stealing anything, but rather use the power which is otherwise wasted.
I can't remember where I saw this last one, totally love it (yes, I do love the paranormal aspect).
Walter E. Williams, a professor of economics at George Mason University, identified the problem in a recent commentary, saying “there’s a larger issue that few people understand or have the courage to acknowledge, namely that black and young have become synonymous with crime, and, hence, suspicion. To make that connection does not make one a racist.”
“Sexual desperation in married men: Cognitive and moralistic impairment in online and in-person environments”
The top two creations are available as ACEO's or as posters. Just convo me through Etsy for pricing.
I arrived early the next morning at the designated pick-up spot outside the Regional Minister’s house. (Aside: The Regional Minister is the top politician in the region… Perhaps equivalent to a provincial Premier in Canada). I was put into the back of a giant SUV with white interior leather seats and wood paneling (eyebrows raised, I would be travelling in serious comfort – this wasn’t like a bus ride at ttaaallll) and found out I would be travelling with the Public Relations Officer for the region, definitely a big man. Also in the car were the journalists covering the event from the local radio and TV stations. The four hour drive was entertaining; the journalists definitely had strong and interesting opinions on many issues in the Northern Region.
So today was my first massage. I'm not going to go into it but all I will say is that the "woman" was the biggest BEAST of a woman I have ever seen, and my body hurts quite tremendously.
We're contemplating taking a free table from our neighbour (hence the over-sized table on the deck) but looking at it in the diagram it may not be meant to be... unless we convert our whole yard into a deck... This is also based on estimated measurements of our yard. Depending on the actual length we may need to lose a boxwood or 2 (or shorten the deck).
And now I love you.
Their moms made them wear hats and mittens, or they wouldn’t be so happy.
Most, however, are kindly presences, recognising the fears we all feel in the face of illness or death, and are offering comfort.
1. He was a prophet
Anyway, I'm sure it's doing me good and I do feel a little bit fitter. Hopefully I'll be into the swing of things very soon.
The potential EMP vulnerability of automobiles derives from the use of built-in electronics that support multiple functions within the vehicle.
Yea, the cats a big faker. Animal translation: “Liar, liar pants on fire”.
Even though I run 2 blogs and contribute to another I'm not all that into social media. Sure I have a Facebook and Twitter account, but seldom do I use them. For some unknown reason I accepted an invite from a former co-worker and signed up for Google +. I created some of those circles and even a few fellow baseball card bloggers are in those circles. But again seldom do I use it.
“Something strange is going on here, sir. I’ll use Clearsight on it, and we’ll get to the truth.” The thief had to be lying. Rel thought he heard Van Raighan sigh, but the his face was strangely neutral. Not the face of a man about to be caught in a lie.
"Hmmm, I think we'll kidnap some British military personnel, and then pretend like they're at the Oscars and give them gift bags."
- card candi, Josy Rose nail heads and a Craftwork cards sentiment
Cycling from bike station to bike station with a pancake top-up along the way, a reoccurring question came forth again. Who are the customers of these bike stations and of Bike to Work campaigns conducted on streets?
There must be a better way. And there is a better way. It consists of the British reasserting their ownership of their own country, picking up a very large hammer and smashing all the manifestations of the degeneracy, treason, and subversion that accompany Muslims like a trail accompanies a snail, and shutting down, permanently, their ability to come to Britain. The moderates, assuming they actually exist, can observe our actions from the sidelines. If they have any popcorn, that would be a good time to eat it.
2. Maybelline Baby Lips: Unlike the Revlon ones, these are scented and they smell SO YUMMY! I got pink punch and cherry me, both are very pigmented (pinkish/red) and kept my lips soft for a while. I have to warn you though, I was tempted to lick it off because these smelled so good. For only $3-4 you really can’t go wrong with these!
They watched and waited as lights went on.
It was quicker than I thought and worked out perfectly.
“Elekk Training Collar”, “Egbert’s Egg”, “Sleepy Willy”, and “Legs”.
And the music of Earth Wind & Fire was usually a big part of that.
How we take each other’s love
Oh, wait! I almost forgot the prize!
I won't set myself up to fail by declaring I'm going teetotal. For the time being, I’d like it to stop for longer than the two weeks I managed earlier in the year and to show I’m serious, I’ve posted this blog for the world to see and that I can re-read it as a reminder to look after myself better.
Simple. What could possibly go wrong?
Obama unloaded on Wall Street too. In 2009, Obama created the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force and announced that its purpose was to hold “accountable those who helped bring about the last financial crisis as well as those who would attempt to take advantage of the efforts at economic recovery.”
A needle and some thread,
It's just been one of those months around this household. On August 23rd, the girls went back to school. Effy, our exchange student, went to school as a Junior. Pearl entered 2nd grade and Chloe entered 1st.
photo was taken?? Yep , that's right. Can't leave well enough alone. I was messing
All of the exercises we did are timed at one minute per set. We were asked to count the number of reps we could do within time frame. Coach Xhi took notes of it.
Please enter ONLY the dish name and not your name in the linky...
General Comment: An eclectic whisky to say the least. The base flavours stay more or less the same, with some different ones fading in and out from dram to dram.
Star Spangled is a blue jelly, loaded with red and blue glitter, and red bar glitter. It sparkles like fireworks, and is one of three, in a mini collection called 49th Parallel, for July Calendar Girls.
Therefore we do not lose heart. Though outwardly we are wasting away, yet inwardly we are being renewed day by day. For our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal glory that far outweighs them all. So we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen. For what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal.
This 25-million-year-old parasitic wasp and humpbacked fly fossil are proof that, like all other living things, these species did not evolve. These insects have been the same for millions of years, and have never changed.
subjects on health, spirituality, and women=A2s issues, I knew that you wo=
We proceeded to share an elaborate, multicourse dinner with 2 black marketeers named Kolya and…(I forget), and their ladyfriends…whom apparently, the males shared between them at will. I doubt these entrepreneurs were more than 19 years old, but that night (and, as they explained, every night), they consumed a lavish feast at the Rossiya that would have cost many times the average Russian monthly salary.
He basically followed the storyline without pitching in anything (except for the carcass of a reindeer), and preferred to mostly dwell on the tragic parts of the drama. The show consists of two tableaux: the first being a bleak and misty scene of Troy in ruins (which, to me, was a much better part of the show), and the second is lively colored entrance to the city of Carthage. It is the most classical direction of actors you could see, with a self-satisfying images that make an effect on you in the first part but leave you underwhelmed in the second. Even though the show was meant to entertain the bourgeois crowd, I couldn't help laughing in the end of la prima when the target-crowd actually booed Hervieu-Léger. At the same time I felt sorry for him: taking on La Didone (or Les Troyens) to produce your first opera was too audacious and bound to be a failure.
Ireland’s recent prosperity and opening up has broadened the concept of being Irish. We have increasing numbers of immigrants, not of Irish origin, but living in Ireland, paying Irish taxes and becoming naturalised citizens; their children will be Irish. So also will children born in Ireland to parents who arrived fleeing political or religious persecution or just seeking a better life. These categories are ones that Irish Americans will be familiar with but they are novel for Ireland. In any event, if you are one of these you are also part of the worldwide Irish family.
like a bundle of hay,
I very rarely write outside my home. Instead, I park myself behind my desk, a small lamp nearby and not a shred of music playing anywhere. And whether I have thirty minutes or eight hours, I enter my zone because I’m in a place that feels private and comfortable and quiet and all mine.
Zimmerman, who had a permit to carry a handgun, shot Trayvon once in the chest at very close range, killing him.
Tonight I leave you with words to live by, written by an author named Linda Ellis. I try my best to make my dash memorable every. single. day.
"In the meantime, I heard another blast and I jumped out of the van. I felt that I was injured and bleeding."
I was on the Foreign Bar last night. I’ve never worked on it before, but it makes sense, as I can read the labels on the German beers. Pouring the draught beers by air pressure takes a bit of getting used to. You have to be careful with it or there’s foam everywhere. It’s worth the time and effort though, to get some proper lager with a nice head on it.
18 Do It Clean
was engraved on the back of twilight’s slate
And then she looks at me and I see her withered skin. It looks rubbery. I looks like that face belongs on a different body.
So yesterday afternoon, shortly after lunch, I suggested to the kids that if they cleaned up their toys quickly we could go outside and play. They were quite excited by this prospect, and only 90 minutes later we were putting on shoes and coats(it’s not that the house was overly messy, it’s just that they take forever to clean up).
“Another shoe dropped in the Robocalls scandal. It just won’t seem to go away!“, CTV Tasha said, half sounding like she expected the biggest scandal in Ottawa to disappear. And at the end of the interview, Frank was clearly disappointed to have been cut off by an arbitrary time limit, as he was about to clarify an important point.
Brilliant. The sand? Where were we?
Welcome, this will be an amazing week full of brilliant challenges, and of course, brilliant prizes. My fellow DT members have some incredible projects tucked up their sleeves, and as some of you may have already found, some cool giveaways too :)
Ate Resty – You have been my sister at DMS, thank u for all the guidance &advice.
her kiss a contradiction,”
My mom has really been freaking out because I haven't found a new sponsor yet.
Answer: C
Both DFW and JJS have an academic, probing element to their writing. If DFW didn’t become a creative writer, he’d of probably become a Philosophy & Literature Prof, and if JJS didn’t become a journalist, he’d of proabably become a History Prof (of course, before he died, DFW was Prof of Creative Writing at Pomona, so I guess he technically did go into academia, though he never did get a PhD). As it happpens, both of them becamce writers – damn, good writers. And both happened to publish a formidable collection of essays, DFW’s A Supposedly Fun Thing I’ll Never Do Again and JJS’s Pulphead: Essays. Both are excellent. Having read each only just once, I actually feel equally impressed by both, albeit for very different reasons.
Nor am I given to flights of fancy concerning terrorists. On the other hand, were I to get on a plane and find myself in the midst of fifteen suspicious-looking Arab men, I would simply get off the plane. Unlike a bus, one can't simply pull the bell. But you can make a big enough scene to get out in one piece and that is what matters.
The whole weekend felt like a conclusion to one phase of my life, and the pause before the start of another. Nothing to do with meditation or the content of the weekend itself, but the timing was perfect.
I think I'm going to have to file this one under "Now why the heck didn't I think of that?". I was perusing Pinterest a while ago, and came across this brilliant idea for cheap (free, actually) row markers for the garden. I was happy with the stone markers I made for my potato bed, but perfectly smooth river rocks aren't always easy to come by. Alder branches, on the other hand, are something that we have in abundant supply.
My mom spent the night with me that night, listening to my sobs. I took that entire week off of work. I cancelled a wedding, and cried on the phone with almost every vendor. I learned that my friends and family are so much more amazing than I ever could have fathomed. And a few weeks later, I moved out, began to move on and started my journey.
Needless to say invariably you could engage a full meal suit to get a wedding (normally excludes the actual tank top) but if you already know a number of dark-colored connect events are generally springing up (so you don put on the actual weight) we may suggest buying a tuxedo. There are numerous merchants that offer evening meal matches for weddings on the web such as , Clermont Direct, Moss Bros along with Scars and Spencer.
Make sure the points you raise are backed up by reading and that the different parts connect to each other. Always ask yourself, why am I doing it this way? Is there a reason for choosing e.g. this particular colour?
"GIRLS!"
Debi
- Double Chocolate DrizzleCorn
Though they don’t appear to irritate the baby, the drops do blur a baby’s vision. This can be a bummer, as they’re given during the period immediately following birth when newborns are otherwise alert and able to connect with parents. If you want, you can ask nurses to postpone the drops until you have had a few minutes to look into each other’s eyes. Depending on how cooperative your nurse is, you may get a little time.
It's really a pity it has gone this way. A few years ago there were several very informative discussions about the Jewish question over at Gates of Vienna. Plenty of people from Eastern Europe made great contributions there back then.
When I began working at Grameen Foundation in August 2009, I was new to microfinance and was excited about becoming an expert in loan administration, portfolio management, social performance, livelihood developments — themes that had always grabbed my attention. One can imagine my surprise when after six months on the job, I realized I was quickly becoming an expert in Colombian labor law, tax liabilities and government requirements instead!
The amount of water surprised me,
Third, Madsen argues that the church needs to target people groups rather than individuals. We see the fulfillment of his vision in modern American evangelicalism. We have ethnic churches, biker churches, seeker churches, indie rocker churches, and churches for virtually every other segment of society. Missionaries no longer go to countries but to “the such-and-such people of” a country. While this is great marketing, where is the overall unity of the body of Christ in all this? Shouldn’t we be building a church where we are neither Jew nor Greek, biker nor automobilist, urban nor suburb? Our unity should be found in Christ, not our ethnicity or musical preference. The church needs to reach every person in society, but if we segment our ministries to target specific people groups, we surrender the unity of our diversity being lost in Christ.
Re challenges, if I can I'll link up later
So, if you have an easier way to control this misery, I am all ears!! Well, not literally, my ears aren't really that big--other parts, perhaps--but not my ears.
2. Kate is wrapping up her last week of rehearsal before opening night. She is playing a China Princess in the Pied Piper's Playhouse production of "Oz". It opens this Friday and there will be 10 performances between Friday night and the next Tuesday afternoon. Craziness! It's worth it to see how much she loves it, though. She has definitely found her calling. I don't think I would have made it through the insane rehearsal schedule (they take this stuff seriously), if it weren't for being able to swap out with my friend Michelle. Her daughter is in the play as well, and just happens to be Kate's BFF, so it works out well.
I would have to say YES. NO SANDING, NO PRIMING, just get the brush and paint. I even painted my couch cabinet table thing-a-ma-jig in the house and it doesn't really have a smell.
Figure out what you don't like. Is it too long or too short? Is it horribly unflattering on you and can you pinpoint why? Are you not feeling the pleats? Is it too plain or WAY too much fun? Figure out what you don't like in the item to figure out what NEEDS to be changed.
If you know or think you know what caused your candida, Leave me a comment.
So next time you hear a statistic that rubs you the wrong way, take a deep breath and ask yourself, “Is there a warning in there for me? Should I change course?” And if you decide to plow ahead anyway, then at least you know the danger spots.
thick with depression and soul sadness
For the back you will need to cut: (2) 13"x 8.5" pieces of fabric.
When I found this house in a Magazine just had to share it with you because I thoght it was the perfect example of a great style mix and I noticed something very interesting. It's like a 3 style rule applied to every room. Notice how you can find a perfect mix of modern, classical and ethnic elements everywere?
The chief negative for The Citadel was that Samford dominated the offensive glass, particularly in the first half, when it had an offensive rebound rate of almost 60%. The cadets should have led at halftime by about fifteen points, but had to settle for a seven-point edge.
Kristin Nelson is the head of the agency, runs the blog, and is a guru for knowing what's going on in the publishing industry. She takes the time to educate writers about the industry and keep them abreast of developments and concerns. You can find her bio, including a list of some of her clients, here. She is looking for (via agentquery.com): "Literary Fiction, Science Fiction, Chick Lit, Commercial Fiction, Fantasy, Women's Fiction, Romance, Historical Fiction, Young Adult, Multi-Cultural, Middle Grade."
Well today I thought that I would share with you another project using the Ecraft from Crafters Companion, I just love this machine and the more that I use it the more in love with it I become. The beauty is that you do not need any sticky mats and for me this is a god send. This Christmas Tree is so easy to make, so here goes :
Director, Centre for Social Cohesion
Punches: Small Heart Punch; Large Heart Punch; Pinking Heart Punch; Designer Label Punch
Ink: Memento Tuxedo Black
AUGGGHHH! She just pulled the hook out! That’s gonna leave a mark!
Today we’re going to talk about an item that was invented in the 1930′s for the military and has since become a fashion icon spanning the decades.
that they didn't abuse themselves like we did. It
Sell tickets for raffles. Smile, coax sales & make change if necessary.
By then I’d also learned to reconsider anything that didn’t further my career, whether that was a grand epic or an agent. It helped that steampunk was increasingly popular, and I decided to submit the manuscript myself. I looked for a publisher that didn’t require representation, such as a small press.
Below is a duck made up of nuts and seeds for the birds to eat in the winter. Mum bought all of us one for our gardens.
In the garden, at last it is in a fit state to do something and this morning beetroot plants and onions have gone in and salad leaf seeds have been sown. If you didn't know that beetroot could be grown from plants rather than sowing the seeds then do try it - we bought some on the offchance last year at the Garden Centre and we had the best beetroot crop we have ever had.
"This is an important time for me, and I'm sorry, but I need to be selfish right now."
The play was RC Sheriff's " Journey's End", directed by David Grindley. It was set in the trenches near St Quentin in 1918 and first produced in 1928...with a little-known actor called Laurence Olivier as Capt Stanhope. ( I'm afraid I couldn't get " Black Adder" out of my mind for the first 5 mins...I suppose because I'd seen super Tony Robinson present the Cheshire Prize for Literature Awards at University of Chester the previous week:.....BUT this feeling swiftly passed.... and I settled along with the ambience of a remarkable play....)
This a very interesting posting and it piqued my curiosity. My understanding is that usually when somebody gets very sick from beer it is caused by an allergy to gluten, which is present in the barley which is the primary ingredient in beer. If somebody was allergic both to barley/gluten and hops, well that would probably eliminate the category of beer entirely.
The neighborhoods of Prospect Heights, Crown Heights, Fort Greene, Clinton Hill, downtown Brooklyn, Carroll Gardens, Red Hook, Northern Park Slope and Brooklyn Heights face significant transportation challenges. Existing traffic and parking congestion, demands on transit service and dangerous roads for cyclists and pedestrians already pose hurdles for residents, businesses and the environment. The opening of the Barclays Center at Atlantic Yards will further compound theset challenges. The BK Gateway Transportation Workshop will lay the groundwork for developing community driven solutions to the transportation issues facing the area.
All I’m saying is that you should think about things. Both sides are in the wrong here. And if people today would just realize that they have roles other than the person who kills tigers with his bare hands or makes her man sandwiches in record time, the world would be a much better place.
People sometimes ask if we make any money playing. I don't say it, but sometimes we do. What I usually say is: If you get into this to make money, you're in the wrong business. Sell illegal drugs, or get into banking. We play music because we love it. If we make a little money, great. But even if we don't we come out ahead.
I could not get near enough to Canon’s stand to see if they were selling their cameras. They had some posters about their range of cameras but the EOS-7D was not shown.
By the way, the picture is of me at the Mudchute Riding School on the Isle of Dogs in about 1985.
That you would do whatever the hell it took to make it happen? I’m so sick of just thinking like this or thinking in general. Sometimes it feels like my decisions, my thought process, tends to close in on me. Even though i use it like a crutch and i’m proud of it, it starts to crush me.
This is gonna be a long post to make up for my silence for the past 1 week.
Anderson Valley Brewing Company Hop Ottin' IPA
Do you have the Homestead Blessings cook book? What recipes have you made out of it and what did you think of them?
Reeling from the Fillmore fiasco, the group rented a house outside of London and spent days and nights playing music. By the end of 1970, the Brinsleys released a second album, Despite It All, which indicated that they were evolving into a country-rock outfit; guitarist/vocalist Ian Gomm joined the band at the end of the sessions for the record. For much of 1971, Brinsley Schwarz rehearsed, developing a blend of country, folk, R&B, and rock & roll that was largely inspired by the Byrds, Van Morrison, and the Band, as well as Eggs Over Easy, which the group met at the Tally Ho pub in Kentish Town. Silver Pistol, released early in 1972, demonstrated a new versatility, but the group truly flexed its muscles in concert, particularly during regular concerts at the Tally Ho. Soon, they had built a small but loyal following, and a number of likeminded bands began playing the same circuit. Eventually, this grassroots phenomenon came to the attention of the U.K. press, which dubbed the groups' style as "pub rock" and proclaimed Brinsley Schwarz as the style's leaders." (Stephen Thomas Erlewine, All Music Guide)
The British experience with internment in Northern Ireland in the 1970s was a spectacular failure. It is regularly and correctly argued that it was counter productive from a British perspective because it elevated people like Gerry Adams to hero status and acted as the IRA’s best recruiting sergeant. This happened because their civil rights cause actually had merit. I don’t anticipate any hero status for suspected violent criminals.
The distinction between the two genres becomes even less important, in my opinion, now that there are so many sub-genres. Urban Fantasy looks a lot like dystopian sci-fi sometimes. Steampunk is technically sci-fi, but in most cases, it’s acknowledged that a lot of what’s “possible” with that technology isn’t really possible. Does it matter? Not to most readers, I think. Sure, on the far edges of each genre, you expect very different things. Hard sci-fi bears almost no resemblance to paranormal fantasy. Epic fantasy is almost nothing like near-future sci-fi. But, at the core of each genre, what we pick up science fiction and fantasy books for, is to experience the impossible.
Hot facts in Nigar Khan Biography
Now, even a scheming fallen angel has to take a break sometimes, and there’s a popular story about one who was caught basking on the waves on an unusually calm day in the Minch. A boat passing by took the chance to capture one of the feared Blue Men; pulling him aboard, still asleep, they bound him tightly from head to foot. Two of his comrades, however, raced to save him. One called out, ‘Duncan will be one man’, and the other replied ‘Farquhar will be two.’ Their voices woke the captive, who shouted ‘Iain Mhor has no need of help!’ Leaping to his feet, he broke his bonds like a spider web and dived back into the water, leaving the fishermen with nothing but broken rope and the knowledge that Blue Men have perfectly ordinary names.
Footprints is simply made of images, visions on how this concept of continuity could work in the city. With Footprints we propose to reverse, to overturn the common point of view on the city. Not to focus on architecture, buildings, but to talk about what is in between buildings, what is connecting buildings, that is to say, public space – traditional public spaces as parks, streets and piazzas, but also more green, natural spaces, woods and spaces for leisure activities. I short: we have to work with voids, with spaces more than buildings.
It's okay, but it's not one of PKD's best, and I prefer the film. That said, I'm not a huge fan of the film, so I probably lose any points I gain from owning the book.
Israeli forces caught up with Christ early Friday in the Garden of Gethsemane, where he was in hiding with his disciples. According to one witness, Christ was singled out by his former apostle Judas Iscariot. (Iscariot could not be reached for comment.)
“BN leaders cannot deny it is Umno people who are doing the dirty job in the sex video and hence it is BN who is responsible for this sordid episode,” continued Dr. Hatta.
A chance for a new start
But by the Middle Ages, countless articles were visited upon the masses of Europe in ceremonial procession because the Roman Catholic Church believed that “holy relics” held miraculous power and could increase the faith of the flock. Hoards of peasants thronged to see splinters from the true cross of Christ and fragments from the table where Jesus presided over the Last Supper.
Nathan: Immoratal
Did you know that if we know Christ, we have His name? His name is strong, powerful, safe, eternal.
A Bite's Tale was an intriguing novella about 160 pages in length, an inventive supernatural re-telling of the Cinderella fairytale. After reading Something Witchy This Way Comes by this author, I had no problem tackling this novella as I was extremely curious to see what she would do with one of my favourite fairy tales and I was definitely not disappointed. If anything, I thought the story was a bit too short.
In the workshop James shared stories of writing and publishing and we looked at different aspects of writing Thrillers, such as pace, weaving clues and even script-writing. Now you may not be a 'Thriller' writer, but to me, all good novels must have thrilling moments.
So then when I was trying to straighten her out not long after we got there she stepped in a huge cow patty that had a whole colony of ANTS in it! (you can just see it in the photo) They swarmed up her hoof and fetlock in seconds while I screamed at my mom for the brush. I got most of them knocked off and we moved to the other side. The only thing she did was pick her hoof way up off the ground, poor girl!
Or maybe it was my brain
Hey everyone,
It's November now, which mean Christmas is LESS than two months away, which in turn means that it is time to start working on homemade gifts. I thought that it would be fun to share some things that I've made for gifts. Sounds like I good idea, right? Well, there's a catch... Most of what I'll be sharing is from last year, and I'm just now posting them. Ha!
I could go on and on about these guys, but the point is, even with a poor station, these guys look past what they don’t have and work towards being the best they can be given the circumstances. They are creative in their solutions and are community driven.
"Indeed, if professors of film studies want to enlighten their students about what Hollywood wants to be, and what Hollywood really is, I can imagine no better lesson than to have them read stories and novels by Philip K. Dick, then having them watch the films that they inspired. Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? (1968) / Blade Runner (1982), “We Can Remember It for You Wholesale” (1966) / Total Recall (1990), and “The Minority Report” (1956) / Minority Report (2002) would all be obvious items for the syllabus, but “Adjustment Team” / The Adjustment Bureau might actually be the most illuminating assignment. This would be the theme of the class: today, everyone in Hollywood wants to be different, to be innovative, even to be strange; hence, they are inexorably drawn to the works of Philip K. Dick, because perhaps more so than any other science fiction writer in the business, Dick is consistently different, consistently innovative, consistently strange."
They are also not British Muslims, the only British Muslim involved was the convert Donald Stewart-Whyte, who was cleared of all involvement in the airliner bomb plot. The others are only British by dint of political whim. However, politics change only transitory perceptions, it does not change reality. To call these men “British” would be correct only if you define nationality in the narrow terms of geographical location at the point of birth, I do not accept that definition, and self evidently neither do they.
Because in reality, it’s not really that great a deal when more important parts of your life – like spending time with your children or paying your (read: my) utility bills – suffer because of couponing tunnel vision. I can almost guarantee that when you are on your deathbed, you won’t be thinking, “I wish I had spent more time extreme couponing.” You’ll more likely be wishing you’d had more time with your family inside a happy home (where the lights were always on).
20 like
Remove beater and hand mix in chocolates and toffee bits. Use a sturdy spoon...I kid you not! I have broken more than one spatula doing this.
At this point, Ms DC squealed in resentment. I never called you, she said - you called me! Well, I can assure you, folks, that I did indeed receive, not make, that call. I have a witness who was there when the phone rang. She also denied that she knew or had said anything about Optus recalling the debt. She kept insisting that I would have to provide the proof that this ever happened. Then she said to me - why are you calling me now? I pointed out that I hadn't called her, the agency had called me. Now she was getting pretty hysterical, insisting that I had called her. Outright, calling me a liar. Again, I have a witness who heard the phone rang and saw me answer it. I am not going mad. It seems a pretty stupid thing to try to deny - phone records can instantly show who called whom, when. I'm starting to wonder if this woman has some paranoia issues, or perhaps has been drinking on the job. It was that kind of crazy vibe.
Fine. FINE. I'll do the damn food meme too.
Mr. Churchill promptly moved to a urinal further away.
Hi Everyone, I would like to thank each and every one of you for your warm thoughts, good wishes, and phone calls to keep me company during the last few weeks. I am truly blessed to have such beautiful friends and family.
I keep all things dear to your heart close to mine
*Go with your gut and move fast.
arthritis is bad... picked up another virus...
p154 “In his rejection of concepts of periodicity and hence, in the last analysis, of the archaic concepts of archetypes and repetition, we are, we believe, justified in seeing modern man’s resistance to nature, the will of ‘historical man to affirm his autonomy.”
4. New York State of Mind – 5:58
Although pervasive, this topic is still emerging and being explored, both from an academic perspective (underlining the theoretical bodies that can help such approach emerge), and from the perspective of practitioners (detailing the development of systemic and collaborative projects). Examples can be found in Service Design, Transformation Design, Open Design. Moreover these phenomena are underlining a revolution in work and human relationships, mirroring a move to more distributed, collaborative processes.
Perhaps Najib should keep the garland of barbed wire that bedecks Dataran Merdeka. He should leave it looking like a gift-wrapped present which people can only admire from afar.
#1. Washington. $65,000. Total Production was $150,000, but we’re focusing on new growth. They did better in first six month than the total production of some states. They are about tied with Hawaii at 95 total agents. Redmond. $35,000 Renton, Tacoma, Olympia, Lynnwood and Spokane all put in. They are really starting to cover that state well.
As I find myself growing tired of the wintery climate, I'm taking a short trip to the tropics with Joe D'Amato's Papaya: Love Goddess of the Cannibals/Papaya dei Caraibi.
Running over the same old ground.
From the moment we walked in we were incredibly impressed by the ginormous fresh area, which you’re forced to walk through first. This unique layout reinforces their whole fresh, healthier positioning by keeping you out of the middle aisles from the start. In the fresh area you can find every fruit or veggie you can imagine, from the average onion to the more exotic cactus pears and persimmons. Then over to their RIDICULOUS artisanal cheese selection (AKA my personal heaven), then to the fresh pastas, sauces, soups, salsas, salads, pickles, olives, hummus… holy crap! And the olive oil and vinegar section? We didn’t even know olive oil was produced in so many regions, but we darn well sampled them all at their sample bar, which led us to buy the most DELICIOUS bottle of syrupy sweet balsamic vinegar (just like it was in Italy) privately labeled for Fairway as super premium. YUM!
Or you can of course adjust just the color of the borders from "fonts and colors". Choose the color which is the closest of the background color.
On Monday, the North Carolina NAACP, NC Justice Center, UNC Center on Poverty, Work and Opportunity, Institute for Civic Engagement and Social Change at North Carolina Central University, and AARP of NC will begin the third leg of the “Truth and Hope Tour of Poverty in North Carolina.” The state-wide tour of rural counties and inner city neighborhoods continues to put a face on poverty where North Carolinians have struggled to find work, decent housing, transportation, and sufficient food for their families.
Master Gardeners work through he PSU Coop Ext. service. We do test gardens to show people how flowers grow, and we answer phones to answer questions people may have about their garden, and if they have problems with trees or shrubs, they can bring in a sample, and if we can’t identify it we can send it up to PSU, who can identify it.
I can hear him up ahead, barking happily and urging me on. I quicken my pace and power through the foliage.
Takoma Park residents returned to Takoma Park City Council’s public comment period to speak out against the NDAA’s indefinite detention provisions and in favor of the resolution advocated by Montgomery County Civil Rights Coalition.
-1000 families
Malinda continues: "He said that some (unidentified) people were claiming that as many as 30% of the children in international adoption were trafficked. However, he could assure us that that was not true and that we simply should "stop worrying about it." Only a miniscule number have been trafficked, he claimed."
I really like this kit too...such a cute pair...this one will be a fun one to work on as well!! I can't thank Autumn enough for all the goodies!!
The case of sexual assault stems from a complaint lodged by parents in November last year that the teacher had fondled three pupils. He had denied the allegations.
Charming ever so skillfully.
We cannot see you!”
The cats were beside themselves with joy that first night we spent in the house with them. They were so excited that they kept flying around the bedroom and bouncing on the bed. I finally kicked them out because we couldn't sleep. That was pointless because they both cried outside the door, and Ninja kept sticking his paw under, grabbing the bottom of the door, and pulling. *bam bam bam bam bam* All... night... long.
March 23, 2012
Every time one of the little Weeds, aka my children, drinks one of these juice-like drink pouches, I laugh just a little at the quote on the back. "Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them." Don't I know it!
Man: “Are you hard of hearing?”
Now…
Now the war begins with the binky.. but don't you worry we are going to be getting rid of it! No doubt about it!
"Mostly she's there to keep the mood up," said Labuschagne.
35 days, 50 million downloads and Rovio beats its own mark
What are the obstacles to a successful bid?
When Becky Sloan went into code blue seizures shortly after arriving in the hospital emergency room she had little knowledge of preeclampsia. She also had no idea that she shortly would become more than a new mother…she was about to dive head first into driving awareness of preeclampsia.
Not very inspiring, I know, but that’s what the iPod says.
I really hope that all this tidying up and organising will fire the spark of inspiration because it's not there at the moment. Though I have been using the time to make some new colourways of old favourites. Here are a few Fireworks rings that I delievered to Concrete Wardrobe earlier today.
xo.
Gorgon is a region of Valon bordered by the Witchlands on the north and west and the Otterman Empire on the south and east. The halflings of the region are prized by Otterman as slaves used to form their Mameluke corps in Aegypt.
As I mentioned, the wonderful employee at our local Home Depot cut the three top pieces to the perfect sizes. The hubs just had to screw the bookcases together with 1 1/4" screws, tops and sides. He also pre-drilled each screw hole to prevent any wood splitting.
Little of note has ever come of Derek Clark's election and nothing of merit it would seem.
North of Lawton, and extending all along the southern edge of the mountains, is Fort Sill, established in 1869 shortly after the massacre of Black Kettle's Cheyenne band up the Washita River (that's the next blog post). It is the only remaining fort from the southern Indian Wars and the Red River War still in use today--and in lots of use. We drove by about 100 cadets training in full gear near a patch of woods. Machine guns. Camo. Trucks. It was strange how at the main gate the guards simply scanned our driver's licenses, then waved us through, along with hundreds of other cars. The guard who greeted us had a hook for one hand.
As a nominator and voter for the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame’s yearly inductions in August at Saratoga, I take my responsibilities seriously.
Tomorrow's notice reaffirms the notice from November 20, that briefs may be filed under either the new rules or the old rules. Prudent patent attorneys will consider the estoppel and inequitable conduct effects of complying with the new rules.
However, as Franklin continues to strive to ennoble himself through industry, self-improvement, and truthfulness, he reaches a certain limit. He reaches a plateau where he needs more than his earthly father’s guidance – a higher source of inspiration – so, he turns heavenward. The following passage shows his reliance on heavenly source: “And conceiving God to be the Fountain of Wisdom, I thought it right and necessary to solicit his Assistance for obtaining it” (595), so he forms the following prayer for his daily practice:
This is such a great photo of Joe and I really wanted to do a layout that spoke to him personally, and that I hope he will one day read and understand.
Shot and styled by me. Some are my behind the scenes photos and some are outtakes from my photo shoots.
Fourth, we suggest that, despite considerable risks, the United States' complaint before the WTO Dispute Settlement Body has offered the prospect of some clarification and mutual accommodation that had hitherto eluded the two sides in other bilateral and multilateral fora. More specifically, we apply a comparative institutional analytic framework to examine the radically different institutional implications of the interpretive choices that the WTO judicial panel faced in the EU-Biotech case. We demonstrate how interpretive choices by a WTO judicial body can attempt to allocate decision-making to different institutional processes in which constituencies of different countries, with varying priorities, perceptions, and abilities to be heard, participate to varying and always imperfect degrees. We find that the WTO panel largely took a procedural approach in its decision, refusing to articulate a single substantive standard on GMO regulation, but instead insisting on certain procedural requirements that all states must observe in adopting their own domestic regulations. In the process, we contend, the WTO has empowered domestic political actors (such as the European Commission) with an interest in complying with WTO law, and, as a result, has encouraged regulators on both sides of the Atlantic to operate more transparently, taking into greater account the effects of their actions on third parties.
Not everyone will enjoy this, but I thought it made for a more involving situation. Otherwise, the “dungeon” played very similarly to what you may be accustomed to: there were “pulls” with various “mobs” and the option to Crowd Control one or more of the enemies. There were “bosses” who required more situational awareness or a change in tactics. These bosses dropped the best rewards. There were also “chests” that contained bonus items here and there.
Sorry to disappoint you! This is just a little stream!
The judges would laugh at Thom Yorke and make him come up with some sob story about his eye. Morrissey would be forced into a load of “guyliner” and made to cover camp classics.
thought substitution is to spend as much time thinking positive thoughts
Happy New Year, by the way!
IT MAY BE an unusual career move, but becoming a shariah scholar for an Islamic bank is nice work if you can get it. A quick poll of bankers, lawyers and academics working in Islamic finance revealed unanimous agreement that shariah scholars — who approve every new Islamic banking transaction to certify its compliance to Islamic shariah law — are paid ‘a lot’, but few volunteered figures. Welcome to the opaque world of Islamic finance, and the fledgling industry’s ‘scholar problem’.
By the end of July, I was almost well enough to go see my spiritual teacher Amma, who was visiting from India. Not yet physically able to sit, I was able to lie in the back seat of a car, and then barely walk up to see Her. As She greeted me, I looked into Her eyes and bawled. I could not control my legs or spine. My body was a marionette controlled by a force other then my will. I saw there in the most visceral way that I am literally not the doer. This body is a beautiful and perfect vehicle for Divine Will. My job is to get out of the way and witness. Through my tears, I asked if I ever would dance and perform again. She said yes, "after some time".
I read somewhere recently that apparently bananas upset your hormones. I eat at least one to two each day! They are my staple filler since I don’t agree with some other foods anymore… Something to think about.
Madams oversaw the business aspect of the brothels while the prostitutes did the work. A work shift began with the woman put on display. Therefore, when a man entered an establishment he found the women lounging in a parlor room. Here, he could choose someone in which to spend some time. When a customer chose a prostitute, he gave the money to the madam or someone else charged with the task. The amount paid depended on several factors, including house rate, the amount of time, and the beauty and skill of the woman.
the emotional devastation and deflated self-esteem resulting from the
“Based on what the guy said,” Manny continued, “I’d put them within six to ten miles away on a straight line.”
It is time for large publishers to stop paying out exorbitant advances to fading TV celebrities for a quick return. It is time for publishers to start reconnecting with the reader as well as their authors. It is time the publishers took back the business of publishing from the hands of wholesalers and high street retailers.
(b) Any action which has the aim or effect of dispossessing them of their lands, territories or resources;
Now, we still don’t know for sure if the missing list that Prescott’s computer had downloaded to it, contained phone numbers for the 199 other ridings that Elections Canada is investigating substantiated illegal phone calls in. It would be very unlikely, unless the Conservative HQ messed up, or was hacked by whoever was using Prescott’s computer, because Prescott should not have had access to those other phone numbers given his limited CIMS account permissions. A coverup at Conservative Campaign HQ is still the most likely explanation.
February 22 2011
“Some sage advice from a foot weary traveller upon the same arduous climb?
5) Consciousness cannot be located in the world, so consciousness cannot be said to have any properties. This argument follows from #3. It is explicit (and elaborated at great length) in its Buddhist version but also clearly implicit in both Hume and Wittgenstein. It does not follow from this that consciousness cannot be a property. Just what we mean when we predicate consciousness of a thing is what is at question, although I take it as now established that the criteria for predications of consciousness are necessarily operational.
There have even been Easter accessories for Webkinz! In 2009, there was the Powder Puff Carrier, which one could use to tote around a single Webkinz. Also in 2009 was the Bunny Hoody Outfit. For plushies, this hasn't been around since 2009, but it can be purchased anytime from Persephone's shop.
Audition? I thought it was a costume fitting. For a background job.
Another very odd thing that happened was that when i wore D'lilac (this only happened with D'lilac) my lips started itching. Really itching. I don't know if i'm allergic to one of the ingredients or something, i've never had this problem before but it was really unbearable. It stopped as soon as i scrubbed the lipstick off.
I back out of everything I try to go for, I swear. That’s actually true, I really do back down and out of whatever I decide on. I know I’m driving everyone nuts with that, though they have come to expect this from me. You know it’s bad when you piss yourself off!
The wind knows that I am not alone From day to day
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to wish you all a very Happy Christmas. Thank you all so very much for your visits, comments, support and friendship over the past year. Here's to a blessed and peaceful holiday and a fantastic 2012!
And what do you know? It was a draw.
Mrs. Green
Or winds opt not to sweep over weak peripheries
But if you are fairly comfortable financially and simply want to reorganise your finances and / or free up some extra cash every month, a
I had decided to work home on Friday, so I enjoyed the luxury of sleeping in; I had awakened at 5 AM, with light creeping in the window I started to launch an MMO session rather than try to go back to sleep. As motivated as I was to launch myself, sleep seemed to win out over orgasm, and I never got past a few flutters and pleasant contractions before I was out cold again. When I awoke my lady and I were up against each other with me on my back and she on her side. She was cold as she usually is, and had slid down to keep warm by lying against me with her face below my chin.
o Closely monitor the behavior at school of the affected students for signs of potential bullying.
Set a tone
The True Vine provides life to the branches, and, because the branches are “in” the vine, they are secure. Only God can give and preserve life. The two words that John 6:35 and John 15:1 have in common are “I AM.”
OK, stop wining, dear, it's Christmas!
(732) 779-6190 direct
Killer black sheep? I know of the one with Chris Farley, but is that a movie?
As you breathe-in feel the cool air as it enters your nostrils
I feel Aliens is downgraded by its aesthetics. Part of that problem was the choice of film stock used in the Kodak Eastman type that was only in use for a very brief period of time. The reasons for that begin with excessive grain and ends with a difficulty in processing blue screen effects. Aliens is a very grainy film, and in addition to that, has very bleached out colors. The color palette is very flat. Blacks aren’t black, and with a film of this sort, creating light and shadow contrast is very important. This creates a rather visually bland presentation that fails to match the highly atmospheric quality of Ridley Scott’s 1979 original. I believe that some of these problems have been rectified on the Blu Ray release which Cameron himself supervised. I wish I could view that version so that, maybe, some of my gripes with the film would evaporate. However, that’s not all, but I will cover those later when I address the visual effects.
Michael Egan, 51, Middletown, N.J.
My faith is not ceremonial, not Wicca, not 'new agey'. My faith is very practical, very down to earth, mainly based in the kitchen and the garden, but I'm feeling the need for some 'outward display' for want of any other term, partly in order to instruct my children in this, the faith of their family.
If you’re looking for your next romance to read, I recommend you listen in. You’ll not only want to read the books by these authors, but the books they like. I’m a long-time Nora Roberts/J.D. Robb fan, and I’ve read several books by other panel members, with the exception of newcomer Burrowes. Nice to know, she has embarked on an eight-book series.
Which means, this time, Katarina Bishop is making up her own rules.
So then I had to file a reply, explaining the whole incorrect email thing. I attached a copy of the email I had sent them explaining about the incorrect email entry -- which was sent well before the time they filed their response alleging proper service.
She has kept many examples of my early artwork to this day, and I can see the progression in my drawings. One of the earliest things I could draw well was an Elephant. I loved elephants (and I had a ratty old baby blanket in the shape of an elephant). So when I was little, my mom would fold paper and write the words and I would draw the illustrations for my own little books. (One of the first stamps Our Craft Lounge had me draw was a cute elephant, I thought this was very ironic). My next favorite things to draw were dinosaurs (because they were the only things bigger than elephants). When I was in 1st grade there was a program at school called "Young Authors" and I wrote a book about dinosaurs.
For those of you who have been waiting anxiously for news of my under the sink hot water heater, I have hooked it up.
Recommendation 38 which requests the” power to permit prosecution after acquittal where fresh and viable evidence is presented” and the citizen loses legal safeguards and the state can prosecute repeatedly until it gets the right verdict.
This layout has been sitting on my scrap table for over two weeks, I finally was able to vision what I wanted to do and put it together in the layout.
Dear God: Thank you for coming to class last week. Thank you for sending us that volunteer. You were with us in the face of our volunteer and we saw You in the face of our student. We saw You work a miracle.
I'm done, with babies.
I didn’t really feel like drawing pictures today, but then I decided to anyway because whatever. Also chocolate cupcakes have been made and they smell good, which makes me immediately think of that time when I ate a chocolate cupcake while I was engaging in a passionate bout of solo play.
As such -- and as to be expected -- some in the liberal mainstream media have already started to beat-up me, the book, and Ian. Beating up on you, I can see -- I've done it myself at the old site. Beating up on your book? Eh. As Joanna often says, "honestly, who's got the energy?" But I do have a beef with Ian, because Dude, you're a fictional character! You can could fire a laser beam from your tie tack, or pull an RPG out of your pants, but you can't take a little chin music from some random Amazon users? No wonder you sat there with your thumb up your ass while a KGB colonel ruthlessly slaughtered your family.
- As dry as a splitting cuff (a splitting cuff is a glove used for splitting fish)
These 15 members of congress were the only people lawfully allowed to hold office in accordance with the original 13th amendment. Remember British soldiers destroyed copies of the Titles of Nobility Amendment (TONA) in the war of 1812 because it prevented anyone who had ties to the crown of England from holding public office.
The dramatic Cliffs of Moher drop over 700 feet straight into the ocean. Hear the sound of crashing waves and marvel at one of Ireland’s most magnificent views. Your visit to the famed landmark includes entry into O’Brien’s Tower, located at the highest point of the Cliffs.
Shout out to my incredibly awesome friend Jason (who doesn't read my blog anyway) for inviting me. You rock so hard Metallica called and asked for lessons.
Things were buzzing over at the fish pedicure place - there was a young lad having his toes nibbled as his dad looked on.
Wembley is fast becoming the venue of FA Cup semi final which, to a degree, takes some of the magic out the final itself, in period when the competition needs it most. What is wrong with holding the game at Old Trafford which would be easier for both sets of fans to reach? No doubt the FA will come up with some lame excuse which hides the real fact that Wembley cost too much to build and that they need to use it as much as possible to recoup those costs! TV scheduling also pitches in to complete a thoroughly unacceptable arrangement where consideration for fans is, as always, in last place.
now control a staggering 90% of what we read, watch or listen to, in the U.S. These companies are: CBS, Viacom, Disney, GE, News Corp (which includes Fox and the Wall Street Journal) and Time Warner (which includes CNN, HBO, Time and Warner Bros). The largest owner of radio stations in the U.S., Clear Channel, operates 1,200 stations, airing shows by the likes of Limbaugh and Hannity, with programs syndicated to more than 5,000
It is that first glimpse of a skinny, scrawny, not much bigger
1. 100 1/8 multi pastel strips
slowly gently join
More awkwardness, yada yada yada, oh my god why did i agree to read this…
“He was found guilty of fraud and forgery,” a court official said. The conviction stemmed from a forged letter of credit for over 550 million euros ($729 million) that Psomiadis submitted to regulators in 2009.
My leg socket is full of sweat. I don't feel it as much when I'm on the bike, but as I try to walk away it's hard to ignore. Squish, squish, squish. Every step is like walking in a shoe full of water. I limp back to the other side of the gym, very aware that many might imagine I'm in pain, by watching my gait. But nine times out of ten, I'm not. It doesn't hurt to have sweat fill my leg. It's just annoying.
In a human body, the brain and the heart are the primary organs that organize and command the stimuli of life. The philosopher Plato taught that the human head was the miniature of the universe. Protected by the skull, the brain occupies the prominent position of the body, coordinating all the corporal movements, physical sensations, registering memories, reactions, and emotional states.
The whole point of me making anything homemade is to save money and be more sustainable. I'm not convinced this is true with this particular subject and I don't want to loose sight of my mission.
