Starkid
Bearing in mind that one of the reasons for Mr Sheridan being prosecuted for perjury was because of the damage that perjury causes to the integrity of the judicial process, one can well imagine circumstances where, subject to what the police and prosecuting authorities discover, the former Scottish Editor of the former NotW finds himself sitting in the same dock occupied previously by Mr Sheridan.
Cox is wonderful as a man who knows his place in the world and likes to opine on how others should live in it. Lowe is good too, but she has much less to work with, and there’s the crux of the problem. Betty is an incoherent character, a cheap assemblage of all the things men hate women for supposedly being: snobbish, slutty, unfaithful, bitchy, ambitious.
I said I would embargo all summer clothes on this blog until I saw some semblage of sunshine. Alas, the seasonal fairies heard my bitching and decided to shut me up with...is it?...could it be?.....sun?!!!
Hamish was at hospital again much of last week, so Watson was helping me with the laundry.
The paper, and tags are A & T Designs "Magical Mushies" . The leaf die is from
In ‘Reaching for the Stars,’ the main character Chef Finn McDuff feels he's had enough of all the food campaigns, the TV cookery shows, the constant frenzy surrounding his private life and disappears into a self-imposed exile for a while. Hence the theme of Launch Day is 'Wish I Was Here...' Janice has invited fellow writers to tweet or blog a picture of a place where we'd love to be - 'Wish I Was Here...'
The other big area where they are proposing Cuts, again predictably, is in Local Government. Predictably, because that way they distance themselves from the consequences. Moreover, experience, in the past, has been that campaigns, against localised Cuts, are difficult to link up into a single campaign.
and he had to endure the physical agony of crucifixion
1 package bow-tie pasta, cooked according to package directions
Melissa Perello’s new restaurant sells two house wines on tap, custom-blended by California’s Core Wine Company.
FINALLY! Our kitchen is ALMOST done. We really only have to finish putting our outlet covers back on, installing the cabinet clips (so the cabinets clip shut), and finish the counter edging. We're taking a break from the home improvements to clean up and prepare for baby's arrival so I wanted to show you our mostly-finished kitchen!
That weekend seemed to go by way too fast!
i was worried about how i would use certain things because
...And for their efforts this past Sunday, that's how the Flemington Neshanock Base Ball Club's play should be characterized - Spectacular - as in the spectacular throw Neshanock left fielder PEACHES unleashed towards home plate from back near the Old Stone House in deep left, to thwart Columbus' would be tying ace in the bottom of the ninth inning and thereby preserving Flemington's first victory Sunday. It was also their second consecutive win of the season. In the week prior at the NY/NJ Cup, they gained their first win of the season over the Manetto Hill Surprise BBC.
If you need any more information from us or if you would like to talk with us at Lucky Town, we would be more than willing to speak with you. For more information on our beers and bios, visit our website listed below in my signature. Feel free to follow us on twitter and facebook as well.
California, here we come!
An ESDC lawyer responded that they were still “working on it.”
Gideon's Corpse is the second in the Gideon Crew series by Douglas Preston & Lincoln Child. Autumn and I both reviewed the first one, Gideon's Sword, last year. The second book in a series can always be iffy for me, especially if I really liked the first one. While I didn't love Gideon's Corpse, I still thought it was an enjoyable book.
1 tsp. granulated garlic powder
Yeah, I've never played that game. I may be a horror fan, but you won't see me tempting fate!
When I was getting married the first time I remember my mom playing and humming and saying the words to the "Fiddler on the Roof" song "Sunrise, Sunset". The words are below:
Yesterday was a crazy day in the land of this stay-at-home-mom. My wannabe-acrobat of an 18 month old took a couple nasty spills while I was attempting to make dinner and my 3 year old was being, well, a 3 year old.
John “Shark” Hanlon (Bagenalstown, County Carlow)
It was going to be a good race until I was pushed off the road, not to mention the handlebar hook which resulted in both me and my pusher to lie in the grass with 1.5 laps to go. He had a lot of skin off and a destroyed helmet. I had nothing ... until I tried to take my glove off and realised how badly my hand was hurting.
3. On the subject of minimalism, simplicity and decluttering, this week I met in real life a wonderful woman whose blog I've been following for a long time, for two years (shortly after she began blogging in March 2010). Colleen of 365lessthings.com who lives in Australia has been on holiday in the US for a couple of weeks with her husband, and they had a long layover in Los Angeles. After emailing back and forth, we decided to meet at The Getty Center for a few hours. Just think, if the internet didn't exist, if we didn't have similar interests, we would never have met! I'm so glad we did, both virtually and physically.
Wednesday was a great butterfly day! Especially the morning. Granddaughters spent a couple of hours playing with me in the backyard. Butterflies were the main attraction. The admirals are long gone and the monarchs were prevalent this particular day, along with a whiteish butterfly that I couldn’t ID.
As they flood forth
Of course we all know Danny’s onto a winner with his WMPC project, he gets his dinner cooked by some of London’s finest food bloggers (and a few hangers on like me) and he buys them cheap lunch or gives them a bottle of plonk. This guy’s no fool. And of course he claims he’s proved his own cooking credentials before with his rWMPC swap with Essex Eating. But I’m not buying that. I mean they are both called Dan, they are both from Essex, they pretend to go to the same events, they tweet from the same train home, and to my knowledge they’ve never been seen in the same room at the same time. So you know, I think they are the same person, its obvious, well maybe at very least related in some way that means Dan 2 isn’t going to say Dan 1 can’t cook and vice versa…..I’m suspicious and so I coolly volunteer to be rWMPC participant number 2. Danny is rather evasive and it takes me quite a number of months to finally pin him to a date….is this because after all he can’t actually cook I wonder.
You'd never suspect what oddness lies just beneath the surface!
So I thought I would take it like a wo-man and go buy another set of extensions to color as my faded-red extensions. I didn't really want to. Human hair extensions are frickin' expensive, and not where I want my money to go, but I am impatient, so I went to Sally's to see what I could do about my little predicament.
And I’m forced to read these things because it’s my job. I’m going to change the topic.
telling her what your favorite JustRite Stamp set is and for every 100 comments she gets we will pick a winner who will receive the entire April Release - that's 8 Amy Tedder Design stamps sets for free!!
Do we have pain? Yes. It is common to humanity. Pain and/or wounds that seem like they are going to take us out? Yes, even that kind of pain is common. Sheila takes an Introduction and thirteen chapters to show us how to overcome those things that can be overcome and accept those things that God has allowed.
"Talking" -- We think that her first word is dog..or some slight variation of that. She is also signing up a storm, but in a typical Izzy fashion has adopted "bird" to mean "milk" and a few other signs of her own creation. Oh well, at least we know what she means..sometimes..
My thoughts are Mary, when she turned to see.
Last week, I was driving through the campus where I work. I was singing along to Katy Perry's "California Gurls" when an approaching car unexpectedly turned in front of me going, like, .000001 mph. It came as no surprise that a blue-haired old lady was driving the car. I don't want to speculate about how old she was but I'm confident she learned to drive chariots when Ramses II was Pharaoh. I slammed on my brakes and it took every ounce of self-restraint I had to not give her a friendly, one-finger wave. However, it's hard to flip off mummified old ladies when you're been singing offkey to perky music. Upon closer observation, I realized she was attempting to turn onto a sidewalk instead of the entrance of a nearby parking lot. A long time ago, the University put up some short cement pillars at the entrance of the sidewalk so that confused drivers wouldn't turn onto it thinking it was the entrance of an interstate freeway or something. I fully expected the driver, after realizing the cement pillars were blocking her path down the sidewalk, to back up and get the hell out of my way. No. She sat there…HONKING HER HORN. Yes. Honking her horn. So I thought, "Well, maybe she's having a heart attack or something…". So, I got out of my car and asked if anything was wrong. She rolled down her window and exclaimed in an irritated voice, "Well, I keep honkin' my horn but nobody's openin' the gate!" I just stared back and blinked. I then explained that the cement barricade was not a gate and the "road" she was trying to turn onto was actually a sidewalk. "A SIDEWALK?!", she bellowed back. I then pointed out where she should turn to get into the parking lot. Meanwhile, cars were backing up in both directions because she was blocking both lanes in her huge grandma-mobile that was only slightly smaller than the Nile riverboats I'm sure she rode in as a child. She then started backing up and I walked back to my car. I got in my car and she was still backing up. I put my car in gear and adjusted the air conditioning and she was still backing up. After what seemed like 14 days, her back tires finally hit the opposite curb, she put her boat in drive, and she went on her merry way.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21
Sitting down at a actual globe casino in Las Vegas to play Texas Hold’em, you are going to often see more players re-depositing money instead of cashing out. While differentials in abilities clarify some of the distribution problems, it is also important to take note the position from the rake. Rake could be the percentage of the poker pot that is claimed from the home as being a price, and it might include as much as important amounts with time.Most poker rooms consider a fixed commission from each winning pot, at the same time being a sliding scale of rake up to a capped stage – because the game continues around the table, the home get continues to increase. Because of this, there is certainly a gap between break even play and break even return at the poker table – closing this gap via a mixture of rakeback and enhanced play can get you from a scratch player to a +EV player in the table.
So without further ado,
Yesterday evening, The Geej and I were sitting in traffic on our way back from our successful gravy boat/electric knife buying excursion to Bed, Bath & Beyond, and the following exchange took place:
Finally, the most impressive (or scariest) fact about this heat wave is that in the US, for the month of March, the ratio of heat records to cold records is 35 to 1. In other words, for every cold record that has been broken in the US during the month of March, 35 heat records have been broken. For the year to date, that ratio is 20 to 1.
I welcome suggestions for other series. Next on our queue is "Cranford" but I am sure we'll start this one all over again at some point.
Bakerie store manager, Dale Meakin, explains: “It’s not a wine shop, it’s a tasting store. For us it’s all about finding great quality wine, no matter where it’s from or how whacky it is. For example, we’ve got a stunning Sauvignon Blanc from India, wine made from grapes grown on Mount Fuji and another from Cyprus.”
Preheat oven to 350
Maple XO gets Sephari’s Unique of the Week Award and a very high hi-five for green creativity.
Imagine being the doctor after
But as she strained to conceal the click clack of her heels, she heard nothing. The swooshing sound of her rain coat that used to drive her crazy disappeared too. She peeked up through her lashes to see eyes staring toward the front of the classroom where she stood yet no glances stopped, as if she were a drop of dew evaporating in the rising sun.
You know that out of the 6 of us only 2 do mornings well. We tried to go to bed earlier but it didn't work. I only slept from 3-6am, I just can't sleep when I know I have to get up early.
The third page contains a map of the area, on which the sites important to the case are marked.
They should work just fine. I have told the designers that they have 10" squares of fabric to use in their designs. Some of them will have pieces that are 10" long at most. I was at first thinking this was a problem because you only have 9" of width with a linear yard, but you have 10" in the other direction.
This exchange by commenters on the Brownstoner blog is just a taste of the ongoing, contentious conversation about gentrification that Brooklynites have been hashing out for a long time. Years before Jonathan Butler’s popular Brownstoner blog, there was a newsletter called The Brownstoner circulating Downtown Brooklyn, right around the same time a London sociologist coined the term “gentrification” in 1964.
I have to say that I have been cooking up a storm. Really! I cook dinner every night and most weekend nights. Cooking is my zen moment. It is where my brain turns off and the music plays and a glass of wine is drank...drunk...drinked? I just have not felt like writing about it all. This isn't a job and I do it for fun so when I am not in the mood I am not in the mood. Then again I do feel weird when I don't post. I mean it really doesn't matter but then my high school brain kicks in and it is like I am not doing my homework or somethin. What is with that? Ok, lets see what I have been making.
*The original recipe called for unbleached flour; however, I use a mixture of unbleached flour and fresh-milled hard white flour. The mixture of flours give this foccacia a great flavor and texture! I believe this recipe would also do well with bread flour.
Wimbledon College’s Give it Up! fundraising will have double the impact this year after CAFOD was awarded UK Aid Match funding for their Lent appeal. This means the UK Government will match pound for pound every donation given to CAFOD’s Lent appeal.
Eventually, living alone will be too dangerous. You should sit with someone who loves you and discuss your different options. If there are no family members who are able to take you in, there are many places that cater to people as they are growing older. Retirement communities are ideal for people who don’t require assistance.
Simple clean cotton sheets and a homemade quilt can nurture the soul as well as aching bones and a stressed mind. Allow your bed to do what it's there for - to keep you warm, safe and secure until you wake. When you think about it, sleep is a strange concept. We go about our every day activities and once a day, we get tired, lay down flat and lose consciousness. Weird! No one knows why we do that, but all animals, birds and reptiles do.
“I don’t want to say a quarter of a mile, but it was close to that,” a jurist named Ralph said.
One of my own pieces of digital art this Friday!
than 400,000 persons in the
Then there are the extras. Those jobs which can feel like an overwhelming task on top of all of the tidying. I thought it might be helpful if I posted a weekend project idea on Fridays of those things which don't need to be done on a weekly basis or really even a monthly basis but should be done every once in awhile.
Something you will notice with PA Dutch dishes: most are very basic and boiled! This recipe is no exception.
Those voting however seem to be as blind to the reality of the track record of all the big parties as ever, with Labour, (the party under Blair and Brown that wrecked the economy of the country and the savings and prosperity of the working majority,) has at this stage gained some 50 extra councils with 39% of votes cast versus the Tories on 31% and the LibDems on 16%.
Now that spring has fully sprung, I thought a burger was in order to start off the backyard BBQ season. I mixed sautéed carrots and onions into my burgers to bulk up, and keep em’ moist. Add your juicy burger, to a toasty wheat bun with creamy avocado, crispy bacon and sprouts…okay, you’ve got to admit that’s a great way to start off grilling this year.
It's become a joke of sorts between 007 and I. Took a while for it to happen. It still hurts when I think about it. Funny thing is the twins don't remember it, don't think 002 remembers it. Just me. I am still very much their mom, they come to me in the night when they have bad dreams, they fight to sit by me during prayers, scriptures or church. I get wonderful hugs when I come home. But, they also have a great reletionship with 002. I hope that reletionship grows stronger and stronger. I find so much comfort and guidence from my sisters, I want my three girls to have the same thing.
1 star.
Malaysians love to eat; and that is evident from the many shops, restaurants and roadside stalls odd operating hours which could last up to 24 hours, for some of them!
Emily is so familiar to me that I feel I've known her all my life. She is a kinder, gentler Olive Kitteridge; she is me, my stepmother Edith, my mother Penny, my sister Cynthia. She's a universal character captured so perfectly by O'Nan that I marvel at his powers of observation.
It will provides moisture without oil that leaves skin soft and silky. Can be applied before or after tanning treatments for added moisture.
I wish Sims had stuck around, and I understand his reasoning for leaving. His coach’s? Not so much.
“Go ahead and sit with them, Linden. They’re your friends and you’ve been neglecting them.”
But this project wasn’t just about the influence it would have on Darcy. I wanted to do something that could have a potent impact on an alarming trend I had witnessed in workplaces across the country: far too many women appeared to be making a choice not to apply for top leadership positions when presented with the opportunities to do so.
Once all of that was blended, but not overmixed, I separated the batters. One batter had 2 T of unsweetened cocoa and 1 cup of miniature marshmallows added to it, and the other batter had 1/2 cup of miniature chocolate chips added. I greased 6 medium sized mugs and layered the batters in each mug to about 2/3 of the way full. I put them on baking sheet and cooked for about 20 minutes. Watch to be sure they don't overcook because of the marshmallows which could burn easily.
“Between 1913 and 1936, for example, Africans bought about 3200 farms and lots outside of native areas. What’s more, the 1913 act was not retroactive, meaning that Africans who already owned land outside of the native reserves could not have it taken away from them. Feinberg and Horn say that between 1913 and 1924, under the governments of Louis Botha and Jan Smuts, there were 302 exemptions granted, amounting to 35% of the total. Between 1924 and 1936, when JB Hertzog was in power, there were 565 exemptions granted, amounting to 65% of the total. “
We took our time walking through the store. Space Man, Dolly, my Hubby and I browsed through the camping section and admired the animal displays they had set out but we knew that Space Man was anxious to see the fish. When we finally made our way back to the fish, we sat down with Dolly (who is terrified of the fish) and let Space Man enjoy the fish. He pressed his little face against th glass, oohing and awwing over the different types of fish in the tank. Whenever someone got close to him, he would turn to grab their attention and then direct them to the fish. I could hear his excitement and see the sparkle in his eyes. I love my Space Man.
Let’s begin with some slightly more optimistic news. Just as my post “The Acid Test – Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high”, was published on 10 April, Dr. Mohammed Jawad, the plastic surgeon mentioned in my piece, reported by Twitter.
-1/4 onion
I went for a walk in my gumboots and rain gear earlier, and it is crazy the amount of water that is everywhere. Back in the days before the dams, the river would have covered the floor of the valley by now, and everyone would be bracing themselves for the worst to come when the snow melted off the mountains. Even now, the water sits in every hollow, ghosts of the billabongs that would have dominated the landscape at this time of year.
So lately I've developed this strange craving, which is the strange desire to start smoking. I have no idea where it came from but for the last month or so it's been everything I can do not to go to the corner store and buy a pack. I've never really smoked before, well once when I was seventeen and curious but hey I think I coughed up half a lung from not doing it right and it wasn't even a full one. It's weird because I find myself thinking about it when I'm bored at home or at work after hot calls. There are these little pirouline things that I bought, which is just a wafer like chocolate thing but it's like a stick and seems effective at putting the cravings at bay, it's just sad that I have to play pretend to get rid of them. Like I said, I have no idea where this craving has come from all of a sudden, but I hope it goes away soon.
Good morning Sweet Stampers! What an incredible number of entries we had last week - thank you all so much for taking part in our Anything Goes challenge!
Cuthulu – I love you
Please read the information below that was sent to me by its primary organizer, Gayle Bull, at The Foundry Books in Mineral Point.
My thoughts on a great, romantic weekend read on Friday. Hope you stop in!
"Let's get this show on the road".
As I came to know her better through emails, I came to find she was kind, funny, and simply lovely.
I kissed my way nervouslyto the dripping crease in the downy tuft of hair in her crotch and I continued to kiss her there. Her scent was strong and alluring, it was my first sense of the powerful impact of the scent of feminine arousal. She put her fisted knuckle in her mouth and ever so slightly began to gently grind her pubic mound against my lips and tongue. I was too young, inexperienced and naïve to understand the landscape of her vagina. I didn’t know what to do to get her off with my mouth. So when I lifted my head to look at her for guidance she grasped my hand and directed it to her clit and began to have me stroke it just as she did. Her clit was the first erect clit I ever touched; it was my first lesson into the miraculous wonders of a girls vagina. I stood next to the bed and tried to awkwardly figure out how to make her cum. In a few minutes her hand displaced mine and she began to masturbate in front of me as I stood between her legs at the edge of the bed with my cock pointing upward stiffly.
One task at a time. I could zero in my attention with laser-like intensity, blocking all distractions, harnessing all the powers of my mighty brain to focus on the task at hand.
But it’s hard to fake.
8 oz. unsalted butter, softened
Ink: Memento Tuxedo Black, Pretty in Pink, Regal Rose
After the Knicks suffered their first loss of the Jeremy Lin era, a loss where Lin had a subpar game (his first), the ESPN Headline read:
Rene and I have amicably and peacefully decided to share the children with equal custody. Neither of us are in disagreement when it comes to our children's best interests. Its nice, because, I have read many horror stories how an ex-spouse of a transsexual will attack or manipulate the the Transsexual through the courts by using their children.
4. Nardis
5And when a violent attempt was made by the Gentiles and the Jews, with their rulers, to make an attack on them and have them stoned,
We would like to think that when the enemy takes a step among us, it will be obvious. But it will really be more like the 9/11 terrorists living among us. There may be some little warning signs along the way but we’ll not be sensitive to them, we’ll probably ignore them and then one day just like the World Trade Center – fire, death and destruction.
Against gray.
A new year has started... New beginnings! New adventures!! I am so happy GI's challenges are back and to be able to host the first one this year. I decided to challenge you to make a project with the following Winter colors.
In the long run, it’s important to be consistent with your efforts and maintain the desire to succeed. However, perseverance should also be tempered with knowing when to take a step back and reflect. What does this mean? There’s nothing wrong with taking a short breather to give yourself a chance to see where you’re at. Part of succeeding is about re-evaluating your current approach every now and then. Are you still using the most efficient way to meet your ultimate goals? You might find that you can refine what you’re doing by reflecting for just a bit. This also prevents you from developing “tunnel vision”. At the most basic level however, you also can’t ignore the need to recharge your batteries. Regardless of everything else, there is a physical aspect to your being so you need to take care of yourself through proper rest and eating well. In the big picture, this is a good investment because getting sick could throw a wrench in your plans.
If Captain Britain dies, no matter where he may be, the people of Marvel's Britain feel it in their very soul.
Jesse decided he wanted to wear his grandfather's (and namesake) wedding band and called his dad to see if that would be okay, given we wanted to have it engraved. When his dad got the ring out he discovered it was already engraved with the his grandparent's initials (same initials as his grandfather, JGW), and the date....... 08-01-40. What are the odds? We were married on the same date as them 08-01-09, 69 years later. Such a neat thing ...
PS Thanks to all who left birthday wishes on the other post! I appreciate all of you!
I’ve just found out that the much-advertised only five-star hairdressers in town has shut down, due to “unforeseen” circumstances. I’m guessing that the circumstances are because if there’s one thing the locals don’t want then it’s a five-star haircut. Looking at my own in the mirror I reckon I’ve probably got a Blue Square Bet conference division hair cut.
And now she would have to leave her here, alone in a strange world. She knew her sister, if she did wake, would not really be alone. But they were the last two of their family – the last. Elders had been claimed by the Legion long ago. Her parents died to the Orcish raids, when they had lost their minds to some sort of evil and slaughtered her people. Her brother, dear Alee, so young and bold, died while defending against those same Orcs as one of their hidden villages was under attacked. Many lives were saved that day, but many had paid the price.
I have such a different view on this industry and I love it. For a person like me, bartending has been an ideal job for where I am right now in my life. It has given me a different perspective on what I can be in this industry, and it's so cool, because I can be whatever I want and I actually get to use my degree (well kinda). I can be a bartender,, I can be a therapist (no license but I will lend on open ear), I can be a host, I can plan an event, I can manage the place, I can train people... it's truly is empowering.
Juice of 4 limes
Pender got sick a few days ago. Normally frisky and feisty, he started getting listless about 4 days ago. Yesterday, his eye infection was so bad, his eyelids couldn't open.
And earlier that day before/during the biopsy what really made me smile: Valium.
The days were spend driving around Connemara and enjoying the views. I clocked over 500 miles in the car and could probably done much more if we had a few more days. One thing to keep in mind though is that the maps and sign postings not necessarily always concur… I still cannot explain how following one road (the only road!) to lead us south ended up with us going north-west on the wrong side of the lake… It is a mystery to stay unsolved as we could not find any logical reason to what happened. It was a good laugh though so who cares really.
Those who believed the predictions were real could have also caused a bit of harm on their own, because while believing the scenario was going to manifest, many still did not pour much of their energies into it actually manifesting. There were others who ‘sat on the fence’ and thought to themselves that perhaps the prediction could be real and perhaps it would not be, and when doing so the possibility of the event manifesting shrunk, because not enough faithful and Creative energies were being put into its manifestation.
I am borderline obsessed with Japan. The people, the place, the fashion, I love it all. Especially the MUSIC and (of course) anime/manga.
Cream butter and sugars until fluffy. Beat in eggs and vanilla.
Ice Sculpture: Ice Illusions
Jessica sang “You Are So Beautiful” by Joe Cocker and she showed her beautiful voice once again, Steven commented. J.Lo also loved it, as Randy praised her for having an amazing talent level.
Ok so now how do you recieve this eternal life?? Cause remember you can't earn it. "That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that GOD hath raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved" Romans 10:9. Simply put all you do is confess out loud that Jesus your personal Lord and Savior and believe in your heart that GOD raised Jesus from the dead you will be saved. http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en&gbv=2&biw=1022&bih=571&tbm=isch&tbnid=fSD_OhChO1qo4M:&imgrefurl=http://biblefocus.net/quote/confess-Jesus-is-Lord-Rom-10-9/index.html&docid=O7Rqw2EUJSwUTM&imgurl=http://biblefocus.net/files/speak.jpg&w=240&h=234&ei=7g1-T-GVOYmTiQKZ3e2yDg&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=507&vpy=220&dur=656&hovh=187&hovw=192&tx=89&ty=107&sig=116399563033025264842&page=1&tbnh=117&tbnw=133&start=0&ndsp=18&ved=1t:429,r:15,s:0,i:100
For today it's again another kabab with corns and a healthy inclusion of Spinach. This is truly fits the Deceptively delicious category for kids as Konda loved this so much, however she normally loves Palak Paneer. So it wasn't a big deal for her, though it was with the boys.
ROH
Papers: Bazill- brown and vanilla cardstock,
another beer.
“Pretty much just that,” I barely managed to gasp between breaths.
Prophecy foretold of the Lord’s Second Coming to earth. But in 1 Corinthians 15:51 Paul wrote, “Behold, I shew you a mystery” referring to the resurrection of the Church of today, the Body of Christ.
First, it means Script Frenzy is officially over, which means we officially didn’t win. I’m not surprised, considering I was writing another script and we both have several classes to attend and it is finals season. But we didn’t do too badly, all things considered. Got a good start, and we’re going to keep going with it. It’s just not going to be for Screnzy anymore.
One man visiting his mother put the system to the test by rattling the tambourine for 16 minutes without attracting the attention of any staff. One relative commented that "It's ridiculous these people are pensioners-not members of the Monkees or Mick Jagger.
I’ve been like a mother hen worrying over a clutch of eggs this past week.
What people are saying – Write a review
I have found that my books fall in Pre-Readers and Middle Grade. So at least I finally figured out that!
finds her place
One of the new covens holds to the old law, to have no contact with the old group. The interpretation they are using says that this restriction lasts for a year and a day. They also distinguish between friendship and religious practice. There will still be phone calls to touch base on a personal level. The old coven leaders will not be guests at the new coven’s rituals. At least not for a while, until the new group has time to establish it’s own traditions and group dynamics.
I guess the final analysis of my thoughts on this will have to wait until I read the book but I can say that going into it, the platitudes that are thrown about regarding divorce and kids get on my nerves. No, they are not resilient. No, they do not "bounce back". No, it is not "better for them" inherently. No, they do not look at it as having two new families. No, they do not see your new spouse as being a great new family member/friend. No, no, no. All of that shit is said to soothe the guilt of those who are making decisions for their own happiness to do what they want to do and sometimes need to do and want it to be okay for everyone else, especially their kids, as well. It's bullshit. Sometimes what's best for the adults is not what is also best for the kids. So, I'm inclined to see divorce as an evil--sometimes necessary but many times not, done for the benefit of the adults in the situation to the detriment of the kids, especially when the kids are not prepared and considered in the situation, as is what happens most of the time. It's the rare person who makes sure, even while making what is ultimately a selfish decision, that those who are most likely to be affected by the decision are helped through it professionally.
Luckily though, those same family members were very impressed with item number 2. I mentioned pumpkins in the title right? Well, here they are, sugarpaste pumpkins to adorn a Halloween themed birthday cake.
And no more of the memory of the broken thermos, with those sharp shards floating inside.
This is really important when we are pursuing spiritual path.
And he brushed me off.
Other resources to pursue
It's been six years since then and the smell of tequila alone is enough to turn my face green. My first and last tequila story; thank God it's good enough to tell the kids whenever I get around to wanting to have some.
I believe Mr. Stanton had a confused jealousy of my father, even though he had engineered getting the man and his family out of the elements.
TODAY, JANUARY 9, IS THE BIRTH ANNIVERSARY OF JENNIE JEROME. She was born to a wealthy stock speculator in Cobble Hill. After she married into British aristocracy, she became Lady Randolph Churchill and gave birth to the one and only Winston Churchill. Brooklyn Eagle and some more detail on her life at Brooklyn Before Now
From the clever marketing department at Harper Collins (and my publisher I might add) comes Bookperk, a site that offers all sorts of books (many of them autographed) with perks in the form of merchandise and sold in a timely flash sale fashion. Below are a few of the items on sale:
We really had a great day shopping together, laughing and finding great stuff to create with!
In any event, the best time an individual should apply for this valuable form of coverage is, of course, at the earliest possible moment. Sooner is better, even if they can’t immediately afford the cost, which runs about 2% to 4% of income, depending on age, sex, occupation, benefit period and amount, and options. Applying for coverage at the earliest possible moment also ensures a better ratio between premium and potential benefits. The lowest cost per $100 per month of benefit is at the younger ages and for the longest benefit period.
I was so knackered last night that I had an early night and forgot to schedule this post. Ooops, don't know what's the matter with me, must of been having to return to work, lol.
“I have laboured, crying, hoarse have become my jaws” (ver. 3). Where was this? When was this? Let us question the Gospel. For the Passion of our Lord in this Psalm we perceive. And, indeed, that He suffered we know; that there came in waters even unto His Soul, because peoples prevailed even unto His death, we read, we believe; in the tempest that He was sunk down, because tumult prevailed to His killing, we acknowledge: but that He laboured in crying, and that His jaws were made hoarse, not only we read not, but even on the contrary we read, that He answered not to them a word, in order that there might be fulfilled that which in another Psalm hath been said, “I have become as it were a man not hearing, and having not in his mouth reproofs.” And that which in Isaiah hath been prophesied, “like a sheep to be sacrificed He was led, and like a lamb before one shearing Him, so He opened not His mouth.” If He became like a man not hearing, and having not in His mouth reproofs, how did He labour crying, and how were His jaws made hoarse? Is it that He was even then silent, because He was hoarse with having cried so much in vain? And this indeed we know to have been His voice on the Cross out of a certain Psalm:’ “0 God, My God, why hast Thou forsaken Me?” But how great was that voice, or of how long duration, that in it His jaws should have become hoarse? Long while He cried, “Woe unto you, Scribes and Pharisees:” long while He cried, “Woe unto the world because of offences.” And truly hoarse in a manner He cried, and therefore was not understood, when the Jews said, What is this that He saith? “Hard is this saying, who is able to hear it?” We know not what He saith. He said all these words: but hoarse were His jaws to them that understood not His words. “Mine eyes have failed from hoping in My God.” Far be it that this should be taken of the person of the Head: far be it that His eyes should have failed from hoping in His God: in whom rather there was God reconciling the world to Himself, and Who was the Word made flesh and dwelled in us, so that not only God was in Him, but also He was Himself God. Not so then: the eyes of Himself, our Head, failed not from hoping in His God: but the eyes of Him have failed in His Body, that is, in His members. This voice is of the members, this voice is of the Body, not of the Head. How then do we find it in His Body and members?…
This my 12th post on Saki (Hector Munro 1870 to 1916-UK). Almost every day I check the great web page East of the Web: Short Stories to see what their short stories of the day are. Normally they have one classic and one modern story. It was on this web page that I first discovered Katherine Mansfield. The webmasters at East of the Web clearly like Saki a lot as he often the author of the story of the day. Saki wrote nearly 300 short stories so they have a lot to pick from!
Preheat oven to the highest temperature it will go to. Sprinkle cornmeal on a pizza pan. On a lightly floured surface roll out dough to a 12 inch circle using a floured rolling pin. Transfer dough to pizza pan. Spread desired amount of bean spread on pizza (I used 1 cup). Sprinkle with cheese. Top with red pepper, jalapeno, onion, corn and cilantro. (The original recipe said to put one quarter of the toppings then the cheese then with the remaining toppings...I didn't read it the directions thoroughly so didn't do this)
I choose to easily and consistently earn $1,000,000,000,000.00 per year! Amen!
DUAL PURPOSE
for my dad. He loves it! Came quickly. I think it’s very cool and may
Her plots are stunning with realistic characters and a widely varied fantasy mythology. The rural setting adds flavor to the effervescent theme.
I mount this moment for that noisy, dirty Town of Boston, where Parade, Pomp, Nonsense, Frippery, Folly, Foppery, Luxury, Polliticks, and the soul — Confounding Wrangles of the Law will give me the Higher Relish for Spirit, Taste and Sense, at Weymouth, next Sunday.
Let us keep hope alive, however, and try and engender hope in others whenever possible, but never forget that hope is fleeting and flies before us, fleeing our grasp with swift feet before she can be caught. Hope is never enough on its own, but hope with Fides and the help of the other gods can create real change in the world.
Every neighborhood has one right?…The dog that won’t stay out of everyone’s garbage? We happen to be so lucky as to have two. The other day I happened to look out the front window and saw one of the critters actually inside of my garbage can. A few years back, the county I live in went to what we call the “Black Beauties”. Everyone has these huge plastic garbage cans with wheels. Anyway I am not sure if the dog tipped the can over or if the garbage truck did when it put it down, but all I could see was the dog’s butt. That was a new strategy, I have to admit.
The first thing to do is discern how much the difference between revenue and expenditure currently is. In 2011 Q1 it was $2.5231 trillion revenue and $3.7290 spending, a difference of -$1.2059 trillion. If we assume that that number has to be reduced to zero it should come as a result of spending cuts, taxation increases or a combination of both.
Addressing his youth in painting, however, created a technical challenge for me. Lukas was the second-last portrait I painted and came directly after the oldest farmer in the series in which I employed a lot of patchiness to great effect, denoting great age, so controlling the brush to give me smoothness and lots of blending for Lukas was a necessity, and I think it worked out well. Also, the photo I took as reference had a very shallow depth-of-field (my preference) so the background was rendered in an impressionistic way to appear out of focus, compared to Lukas.
So, for a member of China's upper-class as Dr. Chang is, one must start by asking him the correct question. It is entirely possible that Dr. Chang sees corruption only in terms of children being taken unwillingly from birth families. This would fit comfortably into the mind-set seen in nearly every orphanage area in China -- the orphanages pay money to get babies away from the poor uneducated and ignorant peasants, to be adopted by well-to-do Americans and given a good life. Possibly, Dr. Chang does not see this as corruption. Certainly most orphanage directors don't.
I need to vent, if you have a few minutes, please join me.
I more or less stopped buying game mags by the late 80’s, but I did pick up the occasional Dungeon magazine in the late 90’s, and they seemed blissfully free of amateur fiction. I hope that is still the case today, especially if I get a hankering to buy one.
Hardworking. Got to get all my projects done!
A hot and sultry afternoon in Greece and we are exploring some of the mountain villages on our way back through the Mani from visiting Mystras. We park on the edge of the tiny village of Kastania (‘chestnut trees’) because the road doesn’t seem to go any further. Or rather it does, but I just don’t fancy chancing my arm in a hire car along what looks like narrow, steep tracks.
So what if everyone else has already seen Gypsy Queen, bought Gypsy Queen, opened Gypsy Queen, sorted Gypsy Queen, and gotten bored of Gypsy Queen. I haven't done any of the above - but I am now the proud owner of six different Gypsy Queen cards thanks to Sam over at The Daily Dimwit.
This showcase event was broadcast to the world live via the global Mnet.com. It was event that mobilized the hallyu stars at SM, was held in a sold out cinema with 550 seats, and garnered a great amount of attention from fans as well as mass communication channels both locally and overseas. The movie “I Am” is a movie that shows hidden footage of how the SM artists grew into global stars. It will be revealed on 10 May.
4Hear, O Israel: The LORD our God is one LORD:
Hello girlfriends! This is my latest antique store purchase- Japanese made salt and pepper puppies! I think the one on the left is a girl and she really likes the boy on the right. The boy is not too sure, though! That's just the sense I got. ☺ I'm almost positive I've seen these shakers on another blog somewhere. Please do tell if you know where or if you know the date of these. I couldn't find any info on the Web.
Dangerous territory here as a lot of bloggers reading this may disown me. But truthfully, I have pondered over the odd over hyped beer and thought I'd rather just be down the pub drinking bitter 'x' from brewery 'x'. Are extreme beer just too extreme? For me, sometimes, but the majority of double IPAs, imperial porters and oak aged barley wines are great in small doses.
On an unassuming block of the 9th arrondissement in Paris, obscured by thick curtains over the windows and door, Le Chateaubriand could easily go unnoticed, if not for the crowd gathered around outside from about 8-12 each evening. The curtains tell you, “we don’t care if you come in or not”, in that nonchalant “bobo” fashion that only Paris pulls off so well.
The compilers of the inventory went to the Tower of London and Hampton Court, to Windsor and Westminster, to Beaulieu and Greenwich (and many other places), looking it seems into every room, no matter how small, and searching every cupboard and shelf. What I love most of all is that some of the most private spaces – small ‘closets’ next to Henry’s private bedrooms, for instance – are found to be stuffed with a chaotic mixture of items. And reading the transcript, it feels as if you are there, looking over the compilers’ shoulders, as they sort through the mess…
The triffids can walk and communicate. They have been shown to posses some form of intelligence. So the basic idea is that the biggest threat to the triffid (humans) has lost the only thing that made them superior (sight). Oh dear.
SANFORD, Fla. (WOFL FOX 35) - Investigators with the Sanford Police Department are still trying to figure out exactly what happened during an altercation which resulted in a fatal shooting in the Twin Lakes area. The shooting happened just after 7 p.m. Sunday evening on Twin Trees Lane. A man who witnessed part of the altercation contacted authorities.
South of here is Switzerland, while in the middle of Europe is not part of the EU. The Swiss do not play nicely with other children. They hoard all the toys and are obsessed with time keeping. The Swiss make all the watches. A phrase you will never ever hear spoken is “you are less fun the Swiss”. This is because that is actually impossible.
You know this journey or the surgery doesn't fix your mental part, and I knew it never did, I guess I was hoping it would magically fix everything or would get easier over time. Don't get me wrong it has gotten easier and the one thing I am thankful for is I catch myself screwing up and stop the behavior before it gets out of control. That's something I've never done in my life ever. As I have said numerous times. I am a work in progress and will be a work in progress the rest of my life. I will have my ups and downs and lately it's been downs. No more. I have to take charge again, I have to let go of this fear, I have to let go of the excuses, I have to let go of the "laxing" because I'm at goal, let go of it all and just push through this. I am climbing back up the hill.
Now about the give a-way. I have mentioned many times that I was hand quilting this quilt using the big stitch (in my case JUMBO stitch) with #8 pearl cotton YLI threads. This thread is pretty and is a fun to quilt with. I enjoyed it so much, I thought I would share some with you - and here it is. Three skeins of in some of my favorite colors, but I love them all, so it was hard to choose.
If I were to ask Canadians what was significant about this day (February 15) I would get a lot of puzzled looks. Most, including myself until recently, are unaware that today is National Flag Day. On February 15, 1965, the Red and white maple leaf was raised for the first time as our official flag.
How could we know what love must cost, O Lord
Through richer and poorer.
Powdered sugar1/4cup
My mother-in-law only saw the tops of the packages when we arrived in town yesterday and was a little skeptical about using brown paper to wrap the presents. Then later, after dinner, she saw all the presents out under the tree and she goes "The presents really look nice!" It was so funny because she truly sounded surprised that they could look so good with just brown paper and baker's twine. I think it is the magic of the twine.
Yeah. Pass the wine, please.
*I mean not to imply that all cowboys are backward - that's why I'm singling out the category "backward cowboys".
As more details come to light about my friend, nothing is actually clarified… Still makes no sense. Imagining why and how makes it all even weirder. And while we could be mad at him, we just can’t. Even if he hadn’t killed himself, and if he was on trial, it still would be hard to comprehend.
...Um, yeah so I wasn't back before Christmas... or January... or February... or even March! So thank you for your patience if you have carried on following me or are a new follower.
Heavy machinery, moving sand from one place to another and any type of general repairs to the beach are often a tell-tale sign that today's shopping isn't going to be a very good one. As I looked up and down the beach, I knew that today's "shopping" trip was about to turn into a nice stroll up and down the beach and anything I found would be a bonus.
1116 **D-VI/7/1991. “Russian Prospects and the United States.” Graduate Students Foreign Policy Study Group, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. See Item D-II/22/1990, above. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), above, pp. 630-44.)
Full transcripts of the charges, witness statements and other relevant material will now be sent to the Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, as well as the United Nations and the Security Council.
Phyllo dough is touchy, but you don’t have to be afraid of it; just don’t let it dry out. Keep a LIGHTLY dampened kitchen towel over the dough most of the time. When it comes out of the package, thawed, it looks like this:
What a catalyst for something wonderful.... our class started to think about authors they love and admired- most importantly why. What did the author do to pull them into the book? How did they feel when they read these books? What were they learning about themselves as readers when they read?
B4 - Baulderstein
You are actually well aware that university education is never free, even in cash-rich Western countries. Many students there have to take up part-time jobs or bank loans before they can attend their classes.
Welly: " God wants us to help each other, we all have different heads but we can share the hats"
I have no problem making the piles...I have one pile "to fight over"...I really hope they don't fight...they can't really, there's more than enough for each of them to get.
I feel like if I was a better person, I'd make my own cleaning products, mod-podge, marshmallows, and cook dinner every night from scratch, while whipping up a wreath for every season/holiday and making my own cards and gifts (specifically body scrubs and bath salts).
Just like finding discs was a hobby that terminated on myself so experiencing grace was a privilege only I enjoyed. I’d set up shop in my dorm room and groan when my roommate played “Any First Person Shooter” until dawn. I’d set up shop in my old church and groan when new kids didn’t get that they couldn’t stand up and fart in the middle of my sermons. I’d set up shop in the mall and groan when I’d see a fat 8 year old being given more ice cream. I’d set up shop in the Branson Landing parking lot and groan when a much older Honda stole my parking spot. I’d set up shop on the bus to an away game and groan as my teammates watched porn in the back of the bus. I’d set up shop in my cul de sac and groan as my single father neighbor revved his motorcycle when my daughter was taking a nap.
John Fredriksz: Lead Vocals (tracks 11, 12, 13)
In this same letter, just a few verses earlier look at the language….and the tone of his instructions… Philippians 3:12-14
God's in His heaven,
Though I’m more disciplined than I was in the past, it’s not easy at all to tell myself that I need to spend hours reading food news every morning and then, four to five times a week, write about it as well.
Trying to stop the feeling…Barry Manilow
Time of love
And don’t neglect the pantry or refrigerator, because there are organizing tools that help keep tabs on what you have so you don’t let things spoil or expire before you’ve had a chance to use them. I resolve to live a little better this year by keeping both things and perspective in their place.
At this time, we can never be truly certain of who is winning, particularly since both sides, the military and the militants, are not just fighting a tangible offensive, but are also trying win a war of perceptions. As the numerous media reports roll in, it is important to look beyond the headlines and remember what is realistic. According to Dawn’s Cyril Almeida, we do know that the rise of militancy is a more dangerous problem than it was five, six, or even seven years ago. However, he noted, “Even if they number in the tens of thousands, the militants today can’t really overrun the country and knock over the state. What they can do though is push us into a low-level equilibrium, where violence is endemic, security scarce, the economy is in the doldrums and quality of life is on the wane.” That in itself is obviously a very dangerous development.
I like odd things. When you get to know me you find out the little bits and pieces that make me tick!
Blog Widow and I observed Veteran's Day by visiting the Brooklyn Botanic Garden. The Fall foliage was still brilliant, especially in the Bonsai Museum. My other must-see destination was "Natural History," BBG's first site-specific installation, by Patrick Dougherty. This was my first visit to the Garden since it was installed in August:
I was also lucky enough to get an interview with the author, Lola James. I asked her a few questions about the story and her inspiration to be a writer.
Can’t force him to stay
Track listing for Ray Charles Singers - Something Special for Young Lovers:
I shall respond
we celebrate Alexander's 1st birthday tomorrow (27th), that is just so crazy and mindblowing to believe, I remember waiting up all night just waiting to hear the call that he was born safe and sound...miss lily was still just a small peanut in my belly.....just unbelieveable. so happy, HAPPY BIRTHDAY little manny!!!
Eskenazi B, Fenster L, Wight S, English P, Windham GC, Swan SH. Physical exertion as a risk factor for spontaneous abortion. Epidemiology 1994; 5: 6-13.
In terms of operational framework, Organizations counteracting Human Trafficking should see best ways possible to integrate other institutions bearing in mind that development can not be a one man show. There is a need to lobby for other organizations which do not have Human Trafficking as one of the areas to address to come on board since Human Trafficking is crosscutting issue if critically approached. Coalitions networks of socializing agencies such as religious institutions, learning institutions, and pear groups, Coalitions connecting Civil Society Organizations, women organizations networking, Youth Organization Coalitions and many others should also be integrated when we think of social networking towards successful counter Human Trafficking movements.
39.) My uncle liberated Auschwitz concentration camp - NOT EXACTLY, your
A self-ordained professor’s tongue
We have just been advised that our order has shipped so we should be receiving it in about 2 weeks.
Strength: Tom Izzo coaches this team so you know it will be as tough as nails. The Spartans play in your face defense and are monsters on the glass as usual. Teams are shooting just 37.8 percent from the field against them while they’re out-rebounding opponents by over eight boards per game. These are staggering stats that let you know how they had the kind of season they had.
And this is reasonable also. It means that we can’t demand that all beliefs are based on sufficient evidence, and I think the right rationalist response to that is to say that all beliefs should be based on good reasons, where reasons are a superset of evidence, and also include things being preconditions for thought or evidence itself. Someone may someday come up with a system where we can do rational discourse without presupposing the reality of the past or our own nonvatness, but until that happens we have good reason to believe them, just because otherwise you’re dead in the water.
We also saw another classic American pizza joint, and its delivery fleet…
Theologically, Sikhs, or at least many Sikhs, have stressed union with God, or the unity of God and man. Guru Nanak talked of the ‘transformation’ of man ‘to a permanent union with God’. Guru Nanak's anti-communalist position flows directly from this theological stance on God and man. More specifically, Sikhs are instructed to transcend and merge their souls directly with God. This is done specifically to allow themselves to rise above their egos in order to escape from vanity and ‘repetitive reincarnation’. However, there is never a complete identity between God and the individual Sikh. The soul of the Sikh is thought to retain its identity. That is, the Sikh and God are never ‘ontologically identical’.
I am admittedly a dinosaur. I wrote several of my early novels on a manual typewriter, a heavy all-metal thing that was called a portable simply because it came with a case – made of wood, no less – and could be carried with one (strong!) hand. It also was immediate death to any kind of manicure or nail polish. My father gave it to me and for that I treasure it and will never give it away, though I doubt that in these days I could depress the keys. I’m too spoiled to the modern ease of a computer keyboard that registers the slightest touch and doesn’t chip my nails.
Five Invicta Watches With Timeless Style
He finally started up soccer last Sunday and had a great time. It's his first time playing soccer so he's still learning some of the basics of the game. But he kept up with the other kids pretty well and I think it's going to be a good sport for him.
TCI: You honestly view your music as an inside joke, because I think anyone looking in would view you as one of the most...not serious but conscious and detailed mind with your music. It seems like you view it not as jokes, but as art if you understand what I’m trying to say.
each time a seizure doesn’t come to call.
I'm half Ashkenazi, and therefore a "Jew" according to the WN types. I didn't know I was until I was a teenager, and I've never cared since. Was I born to Jewish supremacy or not?"Ashkenazis aren't overrepresented among pro-White movements or organizations — they're totally absent."
The price for this gem? $5.00. One of the high points of living in the dawn of digital books is that the real ones are being dumped on the cheap. The sad part is that many will never find a home and will end up in a landfill somewhere. It appears that this book has not been digitized. I hope you enjoy the images here and to follow.
weave their way along her edges
“‘Cause I totally went-off on her. My mom’s gonna go ballistic when she hears that. She’ll take away my boogie board and ground me for life.” He sighed heavily. “You’re looking at a dead man walking.”
City Press has obtained tender documents that the municipality previously told the Public ­Protector had been lost. The ­documents showed that SGL had subcontracted the construction of the taxi rank to two companies – Ever Roaring Investments and Moloko Business Enterprises.
I've always been intrigued as to how Koreans came to dominate the health food store/gourmet deli business in New York. I assumed immigrants would start a business incorporating a craft or skill they learned in their home country, but most items in these stores much less a 24 hour deli do not exist in Korea.
The first two choices she gave me entailed drinking some sort of vile liquid. I knew I wouldn't be able to get down, let alone keep down, any kind of disgusting drink. I had flashbacks to the many glucose tolerance tests I've taken while pregnant. Take my word on this, the technicians do not like it when you throw up on them. I asked the nurse, "Do you have a third choice? How about an xray? A blood test? Anything less um, icky?"
Simply put, it's what drives the characters to act a certain way, to think a certain way, to do certain things. An incentive, if you will. It's the drive that propels the character to achieve the ends to their means.
We have said several times that God was working. This is now the more evidenced for there is a certain conviction being manifest. There is a spirit of indecision. The ball is now in Paul’s court for he has the golden opportunity to speak to the masses. It is for this reason he was brought under divine guidance to Jerusalem. He was facing the largest crowd possible and those who needed to hear.
Have you ever had one of those moments, days, weekends, months where you feel so completely blessed? Like when you start to think, is this my life? Is this for real?
grease spewing
For this card, I used the damask stencil for the background. I cut the cardstock, then lightly sprayed the back with isopropyl alcohol, then ran it through my Cuttlebug. The heart stencil is another new release, gorgeous 'eh? I used white matte embossing paste with it, then cut closely around the design. I love these little pearl pins Lynell has is her site too. I added a couple of Swarovski turquoise crystals and a multi-stone thingie at the bottom as well. I added a Making Memories "Love" charm in the centre of the embossed heart.
Great deal uh? You pay 5 dollars and get back $20 so you made $15 profit. The affiliate that referred you also makes a pleasant little check as the acne cure company paid them a good commission to obtain a new sale. Seems like a great situation. Or are you scratching your head?
All I can say is that we sure didn’t see things the same way! I saw no other outcome or consequence to his crimes, lies and other betrayals, than divorce. Not to mention the fact that every attorney involved advised me to cut my ties to the criminal as fast as I possibly could, for my protection and for my children. Regardless of how I felt or what I may or may not have wanted to do, I didn’t have a choice. My former husband had made my choice for me and left me with no choice.
I’m not advising anyone to dress like a stripper or in anything they aren't comfortable with. Everyone has to know themselves and what their best features are, but that applies at any age. I do think the whole mutton dressed as lamb thing gets taken to a demeaning, intimidating and catty extreme. It pits women against each other and doesn’t contribute to a healthy body image for women as they get older.
- 1 boiled egg
We barely slept that night and were up at 4am to get ourselves together and wait for the shuttle. I had packed my fancy European straightener, so I decided to try our Jennifer's "curly hair stuff" (titled Foxy Hair) to see what it would do with my temperamentally wavy hair. Not much was going on as it dried, so it ended up in a bun by the time we got to the airport. Once we made it through the various levels of security, I took it down...to see some seriously foxy hair. Remember that episode of Friends where Monica's hair kept getting bigger? That was me...sadly no pictures were taken (thank goodness!).
Have you already formatted your novels for Createspace? Do you know where to start? What about covers? And blurbs for the back cover?
And she was still hot.
I’ll never get it all done before I go in hospital tomorrow. Why do us women nest like this? I’m the same at Christmas, before I go on holiday, if I go on a writing course, and now before I go in for my surgery.
I think it looks ok. I don't know if I would use it everyday. However, it gives you the two colors without having to carry two separate products. I think it would be great for this summer when you go on vacation!
What you say?! Yes, this Thanksgiving I decided to take the turkey by the beak and show him who’s bossl! Instead of waiting around all day eating little to no food, I decided to make Thanksgiving a day like any other. I ate my normal breakfast, my normal lunch, and even had a glass or two of wine. And by the time the infamous Thanksgiving dinner came around – I wasn’t starving, but still ready to dig in. I took a little bit of everything that my mother so graciously made and enjoyed every glorious, scrumptious bite!
* The campers spent a lot of time entertaining each other. MJ has lots of pictures of colorful characters doing flamboyant things (songs, acting, squirrel impressions). They also spent time making each other more colorful. One boy went home with blue hair, two others ended up with spiky mohawks (or maybe one of them arrived with that), a girl with waist-length hair got a shoulder-length bob, and one boy had his ear pierced with the old apple-and-needle technique (and his mom's permission). MJ came home looking pretty much the same as when she left (six holes in her ears and formerly-blue blonde streaks in her brown hair).
Most blogs fail to put there hard efforts to work for them by not using the program to monetize. Place them in positions where readers can actually see the ads more often. Use tools to figure out the readers habits and where are they spending more time at when they visit your establishment. Right side placement is a great spot to place adsense because its not only professional but a casual position users prowl more often at. Pick colors that coincide with the website and the ads you choose to blend in perfectly.
More than to the visionary his cell:
However, I did not testify against the bill as I understood Senator Whitmire and Representative Madden had agreed on a committee substitute whereby Section 2 of the bill would be removed. Section 2 was my main area of concern, although in its entirety I believe the bill begins to codify a monopoly for the bail bonding industry at the expense of judicial discretion, public safety, and local jurisdictions’ fiscal stability. I am writing to you now in case the committee substitute that minimizes this impact succumbs to the frenzy accompanying the waning days of session, and the committee considers passage of the bill as filed.
And it was up to me to use this potential.
I've had to up the ante against the cold. London is apparently getting snow in the next couple of days! The jeans and gilet are the spoils of past winter sales. Since wintry weather continues here until about April anything I pick up in the winter sales is far from the end of its useful seasonal life.
It's about a bigger problem:
i don't know about you guys but i'm in full on christmas crafting mode! i thought i would give you all a hand and remind of you the fun roundups we had last season to help keep us inspired and a tad less stressed for the holidays.
Much later, after sending away one more happy man, He looked up and around. Thousands were there, so neglected and still in need of His attention. He felt very sorry for them, deeply moved, but time was up. Many were getting hungry. It was late. The disciples were way past tired as they still regretted that they were not more secretive about their holiday destination. At that moment, the Master took a most disturbing decision. He wouldn’t send the crowd away, He would invite them along.
An old friend of mine shared this article from lifehacker. It’s describes Seinfeld’s productivity secret and describes an implementation of it.
I can name those who handcrafted the (minimal) jewellery I wear, and am proud to support them. My ritual tools likewise. My candles from local hives. Ritual (and daily) bread with flour from a local mill. Keeping the relationship with the goods that I use and those who made them.
that sold it. 'aching' and 'melancholic' really appeal to me these days ;)
During week one I had Spanish with a professor who, in a nutshell, definitely opts for those "other (crap) methods" Emmi spoke of. He left me in the dust as he rambled on (with the exception of the two students who clearly already spoke Spanish), scribbled on the board, assigned us homework and studying for our day two quiz. My chest clenched and my stomach churned - the transformation of what should be fun into an absolutely confusing sucks-to-be-you-if-you're-actually-new-to-Spanish torture chamber in full effect. The next day I asked other students about this professor. Red flags galore. Another professor on campus was frequently suggested.
At halftime, the cheerleaders put on some music, and led the players and all the audience in a line dance. Our kids got out there and ran around, and other kids actually tried to dance. It was a really fun and inclusive environment, and not only seeing what could be in Cici's future, but seeing all the typical kids helping and participating as well. It's a side of a high schooler that we don't often see.
Believe it or not, I still have been training. Albeit, it has been about a week since I have focused on my actual plan. Right before I left, I was able to knock out 14 agonizing, long slow miles. I was able to do them just under the time cut off for the marathon. Yay me. This week, I am going to make my return to Hot Yoga and get an ass whoopin' from the trainer. It has only been a week out of my routine, but it feels like a year!
She was what Gracie kept referring to as the perfect daughter. Melissa was polite, quiet and cared about the environment, she would give Taylor his bottle whenever she heard him cry without being told and never complained when she was asked to take out the trash.
Hence, the Tamil calendar begins on the same date observed by most traditional calendars in India as in Assam, Bengal, Kerala, Manipur, Mithila, Orissa, Punjab, Tripura etc. not to mention Nepal, Bangladesh, Burma, Cambodia, Laos, Sri Lanka and Thailand. The 60-year cycle is ancient and is observed by most traditional calendars of India and China, and is related to 5 revolutions of Jupiter, or to 60-year orbit of Nakshatras (stars) as described in the Surya Siddhanta.
Where does your band name come from? Originally, Jenny played music her close friend, Maria. They wanted their band name to capture both of their own names so they put together the formula: “Maria (Mary) + Jennifer (Jen) = MaryJen”. They were both born in 93, so their band name was born! Jenny explains, “When we broke up, I simply took the name over and uploaded videos on the same channel.”
I liked this book. I was pulled through the story, which grew and twisted along the way, completely not to my predictions at all. I really liked the characters, it was nice to have some strong women in here, especially as this is a book with a first person narrative from a teenage boy. Although at that point I would like to say ‘eeww, gross. Are all teenage boys this sex obsessed?’. But apart from a few ugh points it was ok. Although, one guy beats up his sister quite badly and then rapes an unconscious woman, not an ugh point, but a nasty one, although he gets his comeuppance in no uncertain terms.
I am not Super Awesome Mommy Extreme any more. I let go of that. It was making me a Bad Mother. Who can be that super indefinitely, without losing something? Sacrifice sucks. What I am now is aware. Open. Human. I listen to my heart every day and try to be a better mother. I think that’s all any of us can truly aspire to be.
1944 FC wickets at 18.41 with 127 five-wicket hauls
If all proceeds smoothly—a big if--a Final EIS could emerge in late fall, then the ESDC could approve the project, which then would have to get past the Public Authorities Control Board, one of whose three members, Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, effectively killed the West Side Stadium project but has not expressed such concerns about Atlantic Yards.
— Statistics from the McMaster University Capacity Study and Restore Cootes
I’ve admitted that what I said may have been justified but it wasn’t helpful. But I’m not the only one, and I’m by no means the worst. I’m tired and thoroughly sick of people talking Bradford down, and it hurts most when Bradfordians do it. Chieftains of these are the commenters on the Telegraph & Argus website: the blinkered, bigoted, pessimistic shit they shovel never ceases to amaze and disappoint; the swiftness with which they can turn a story on any subject, no matter how sanguine, into a diatribe on the contemptible state of my city never ceases to astound and dismay. Distressingly, I’m so angered I can’t even pity the sad fools who spend day after day, hour after hour, sat alone tippy-tapping, whinging and whining about a city they can’t love, won’t visit and shouldn’t be allowed to discuss. I could repeat their vile diatribes; I could repeat their invectives ad nauseum; I could, but I won’t. I refuse! I’ll do it my way and kill them with kindness by making sure, from now on, I comment on the T&A’s positive stories with positive reactions and, if you join me, we’ll be on our ship and sailing away whilst we leave them buggers to drown.
He went north, following the great souls who had gone before him for the same reasons. With no concept of time he went forward rapt in meditation upon the supreme spirit within his heart.
Office Solutions Plus happens to have a perfect, meticulous process for scanning your vital documents. We offer an eight-step process. The first step is the assessment portion. This means we determine your requirements, expectations, due dates, and the quantity and volume of the project. This helps us make sure you will be pleased with the results.
How many concerts you have played in 2001?
Ayurveda, the Indian system of traditional medicine, uses a concoction of several spices, herbs and minerals for the treatment of diseases. In a clinical prospective study we have evaluated the efficacy of Ayurveda treatment (a concoction in cow’s milk of powdered Mucuna pruriens and Hyoscyamus reticulatus seeds and Withania somnifera and Sida cordifolia roots) in 18 clinically diagnosed (with a mean Hoen and Yahr value of 2.22) parkinsonian patients. As per Ayurveda principles, 13 patients underwent both cleansing (for 28 days) and palliative therapy (56 days), 5 patients underwent palliative therapy alone (84 days). Only the former group showed significant improvement in activities of daily living (ADL) and on motor examination as per UPDRS rating. Symptomatically, they exhibited better response in tremor, bradykinesia, stiffness and cramps as compared to the latter group. Excessive salivation worsened in both the groups. Analyses of powdered samples in milk, as administered in patients, revealed about 200 mg of L-DOPA per dose. The study establishes the necessity of cleansing therapy in Ayurveda medication prior to palliative therapy. It also reveals contribution of L-DOPA in the recovery as observed in Parkinson’ disease following Ayurveda medication.
I looked over the Plan over an over again. I just couldn’t understand. Here is what the handout claimed to be Obama’s Ten Point Plan:
I find these labels about being an ideal man, good man, a man, etc. limiting. A good man according to whom? I want to be a better man; someone who seeks to improve himself, and by extension improves the world around him.
The Sforza party is shown in to meet the Pope. Ludo, a large bearded guy, goes first and introduces the other two: Francesco Gonzaga and his wife, Bianca. And Bianca? She’s the pretty woman who lost her red stocking in Alexander’s bed back in the season premiere. He recognizes her instantly and allows her to kiss his ring. Her husband doesn’t get the same courtesy. Cesare arrives, dressed in his cardinal red for a change, and immediately starts throwing attitude around as Ludo tries to insist he’s all pro-Italy now. Ludo pretty much ignores him and he and Francesco explain that they’re getting a giant army together to destroy the French, which will be led by Francesco.
Many people who interview Judy in her studio arrive with big expectations. They don’t seem to realise that being a new designer can mean working long hours on your own locked up in a room. Judy mentioned that it can sometimes make you feel isolated and that’s not very inspirational, but it’s just part of building up her business. However she tries to make the studio space itself inspiring, filling it with vintage objects, materials, sketches, and mood boards which give it a creative atmosphere. Often found lying in amongst all her nic nacs are her 2 cats called Vivienne and Westwood and they also help keep her company when she’s working long hours.
Now, I don’t doubt that the total number of votes in favour of strike action is less than 50 per cent of the total number of those who were entitled to vote. But to express the results as the Mail does is to seriously mislead. Unite have not conducted one big ballot to decide whether to call a national strike. They actually carried out 7 entirely separate strike ballots. They are required to do this by law as their workers are in dispute with 7 different employers.
Are you able to create a company card which fast? Doug Jones demonstrates how to do it using Workplace. net company card templates.
It’s impossible to describe in words, or even with these photos, the feeling which came over me as I sat atop the rocky crags overlooking Moulay Idriss and the surrounding valley. The photo posted was taken at the first resting point; we kept ascending and reached a point about three times that height. Whenever I’ve summited a hill or peak, or even stood at the edge of a canyon, it has been a wonderful view to be sure. But this past weekend, I actually felt scared. Like if I tripped and fell, I would tumble for infinity be lost. I felt like I’d never been that high before, like I was on the tallest building in the world and everything around me was simply miniature train models.
I found one!
Well, there's only one photo that came out in the whole bunch from yesterday's Mother Day gathering. But I think it is awful sweet. This is me with my 11 week old niece. I can't wait to start having cheesy aunty-niece photos with her in frilly 50s dresses.
The MotoFone is very very durable and uses an E-Ink display that doesn’t use any glass. This means you can drop it, step on it, and nothing happens outside of a few scratches.
I changed the words of the song to fit a dad with two little girls. Somehow I managed to make it through the song without crying, but I know there were lots of flat notes because I was holding back tears! I did not look up from the podium because I KNEW that one look at anyone crying would send me over the top. There were lots of people crying too!
The FAS-FAX report details several of these circulation categories, and each should be compared with its like category. For example, it would be incorrect to compare core newspaper and its branded editions to the circulation of just a core newspaper. More detail will become available as individual Publisher’s Statements are released.
This, of course, echoes the Plantingan position.
Lunch: Greek 2x Honey Vanilla Yogurt (150 calories)=150 calories
“The amendment to Scenario #5 is an attempt to begin the French Immersion program in years earlier than 2015, however, this amendment does not change the boundaries for either the French Immersion or English students, ” adds Euale. “The amendment simply states that in each year staff will review the number of students in the French Immersion area willing to attend the new school. If sufficient numbers exist within the area to start a Grade 9 program then the program will be offered.”
Than share the city’s year forlorn.
Verbal abuse is a subject that nobody gives much attention to. Words like idiot or tramp are words in our vocabulary that are used recklessly or off the tongue. When we use these words to friends or strangers, do we ever think if the person’s feelings?
“We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.”
Cryin's not for me
I hope you enjoy and are blessed by this beautiful song as much as I have been. I truly hope Trevor sings this one at the concert in May.
Unsurprisingly, ‘Sense and Sensibility’ and Joanna are a perfect fit. The author, who has made a career in writing out of exploring the complexities of interpersonal relationships, says the books is about much more than just two approaches to romantic love. “It looks, very penetratingly, at money and class, at the plight of women unable to work and dependent on men or relations for the roof over their heads and the bread in their mouths, at depression (Marianne and Edward Ferrars), at the sabotage of women by women, at parenting, at the effects of an enforced superfluity of leisure….I could go on!”
Doreen: I've also used the image from the Pretty Sweet CD. The paper I've used from the Sundae of Seasons CD. I love the purple colours. I colored the image with my copics. The swirl is a Die Cut from Tim Holtz. Then I embellished with flowers, lace and pearls.
a devilish exultation and all the old mad joy in the depths
It’s August in Paris. And the way I can tell is because the city is almost completely devoid of Parisians and packed to overflowing with tourists.
3. Sift dry ingredients together
Sure, if you poke around long enough or dig through the stash under the guest bed, or visit us at Christmas and happen to notice that a good 30% of our ornaments are lighthouses or of a nautical theme, you might come to the conclusion that we have a *interest* in lighthouses (to be polite about it). But I've worked hard at not covering every available surface with lighthouse stuff, and we limit ourselves to things we're really in love with, which cuts down on the impulse purchases. Just because something is a lighthouse, has a lighthouse on it or is somewhat reminiscent of a lighthouse doesn't mean we need to own it. (We won't talk about the camera bag that I HAD TO HAVE because it was covered in lighthouses. Or the fact that it wasn't actually a camera bag, but rather a canvas purse. And yes, I did retire it in favor of an actual plain black padded camera bag).
But mainly, instead of the new stuff, I've been concentrating on catching up with shows that I've missed somehow. Take “Black Books”... for various reasons (mainly to do with giving up excess and having a baby in 2000) I never watched this one when it came out (and there are 3 series – 2000-2004). So recently I've been making up by watching it all... this month. It is very amusing too – quite “Fawlty Towers”, more than a hint of “Ab Fab” and “Young Ones”... but all in a good way – and of course the three principals are very, very good (Bill Bailey seems to be one of the very few comedians who doesn't have an army of haters online... unless I've just never come across them...). Over here you can see/hear the co-writer of "Black Books", Graham Linehan, talking about writing comedy (he also worked on “Father Ted” and “The IT Crowd” of course – quite some CV).
Let’s see, this must be the tenth name I have been targeted with, loose cannons all within the alternative media/CIA/publishing/Hollywood/porn/White Hat/Cabal assassin community, none of them coming even remotely close.
And, in the event you do get sick, emotional stressors can actually make your cold and flu symptoms worse. So be sure you take time in life to de-stress and unwind using stress management tools like exercise, meditation, massage, and solid social support.
The credible sources judged to be free of these flaws, I choose or prefer to listen to; those which are full of these flaws, I choose or prefer not to listen to. That’s as far as I want to take the matter.
I used a song fragment that I wrote and sped it up, the result of which is quite ridiculous. Jo says my song is catchy, which was a compliment the first time she said it. But she looks less and less pleased the more she finds herself singing it. Catchy like the flu, I guess.
this!
In a moment of inspiration, Marion told me he could re-do something for me easily. I immediately knew which it would be, choosing a splash page that had a great image in the first panel. This was the result. My apologies for any warpage or bright areas as they were taken with a digital camera:
A panda living in the forest, decides to paint the trees blue and goes for a walk to a nearby village to purchase a blue house.
Gracie is a very popular and influential girl at Plymouth North High and she had clearly expressed her disapproval of Jordan’s interest in me. Going against her wishes would have warranted Jordan some very unpleasant consequences, so he dodged the blow. I guess I could understand that, but I was still insecure about one thing.
Even though people seem to be trying to poison you with alarming regularity, you have food tasters to make sure everything you eat is okay. As an extra bonus, you can hand-pick which Alliance prisoners these food tasters are going to be. (I usually pick a gnome if possible. They turn the funniest shade of green just before they croak.) Most of the time, they’re so damn hungry and overjoyed to be getting anything to eat at all, they never even stop to think that anything is up. The looks on their faces – the “Oh SHIT, why the fuck didn’t I THINK of this?!” look – in that moment between the poison kicking in and when they drop dead? Awesome. Totally worth the price of knowing that there are unknown parties trying to kill you who apparently have access to your food.
1.Take a pan and boil 1/2 cup water. When the water starts boiling add jelly mix and stir continuously. Now reduce the flame and add mango puree and 3 tbsp of sugar. Keep on stirring until the consistency becomes thick. Switch of the flame.
Taking pictures of flowers has always been "my thing", way more than planting and growing flowers. This year, I am trying both. That's right, when my plantings start to bloom, watch out, there will be an explosion of flowers on this page! If you want your own flowers, then go check out The Farm, they are very helpful to newbies like me!
Unfortunately, I am a law abiding citizen.
Well, I know where some of the time went. Tom and I spent Thursday night in Mansa. We're trying out this shop only every two weeks thing. Tom enjoys not having to navigate 100 miles of potholes twice in one day. Our necks, backs and derrieres thank us. And, we get a little alone time. It's win-win. You would think that with us being there an entire day instead of just a morning, we'd be able to get out early the next morning and head back down the road. But, nooooo. Somehow, the errands keeping coming and the to-do list keeps growing and so we end up getting back on the road around 2 PM. So, not so much time for blogging when we finally get home.
10. Purple Rain (1984)
This is a vicious Mercury retrograde for your sign. Why? Because for the sign of Cancer (this means you) this Mercury retrograde occurs where Mercury lives. In other words, it's at "home" going crazy! This really affects your day to day efforts to do things and talk to people. Therefore, pay your phone bill. Recharge your cell phone. Take care of car repairs. You will encounter transportation delays, missed buses, car breakdowns, confused communications, misunderstandings, lost items, along with cheques that are late in the mail plus increased confusion with siblings, relatives and neighbours. This sounds pretty maddening, doesn't it? Hang in there.
Registration Date: 08/2005
I did have a great time this summer with the weight being gone. I wore a bikini on the beach and felt pretty good. I even got my fair share of looks, I was shocked! I have a nice little 2 pack at the top of my abs, working on the other 4 but honestly abs are all about diet, and I gotta eat more clean to get that nice cut look I would love to have. I am realistic though, my body went through some really bad trauma with the weight gain and I am not sure it will bounce back 100%, I know this and know that for now it's ok. After I have children, I will be getting some serious nip and tuck action up in here!
Dripping down my entryway wall, there is what appears to be a melted Revello ice cream bar and it is forming a pool of white and brown goo on the floor directly beneath this rivulet. I have just come in the door from a full day of meetings, and as I take off my shoes, I see the mess. The perfectionist in me immediately thinks, “Who made this mess and had the nerve to walk away without cleaning it up?” But since no one is home, and have not been home all day, I resist the urge to let out a roar. I lean in for a closer look, tempted to do the sniff test, but I resist. Instead, I see that the mess has spread across the floor of this small room off our kitchen, with another clump of white gunk landing on my brown floor mat. Hmmmm….this is a curious looking ice cream melt, if you ask me. I continue into the kitchen, and it is then that realization sinks into my worn-out brain.
Get it from Avant! Records.... contact them direct (avant.records(at)gmail.com), work out the shipping for all three of these. Somehow it's even more mysterious that it has to come from far off Avant! What are they doing over there exactly unearthing stuff like this?
Dell in Pakistan sells through authorized distributors. Inbox is an authorized distributor. The after sale services and warranty are provided by the local distributor hence the contract had to be done locally. This is a standard operating procedure of all MNC’s operating in Pakistan through local distributors.
Brad sees Max and immediately gets a gigantic boner. He can't stop talking about how luscious Max is, and Jill is getting embarrassed, but she's not embarrassed enough to stop herself from asking Kelly and Max, "are we friends, or friends with benefits?" Ooooooh, yeah! Team Jill! Skull and Crossbones! Kelly avoids answering but HELLO, Jill, they are totally effing.
Melt candy melts or bark coating and shortening together in the microwave per package directions (typically in 30 second intervals, stirring in between). Dip each Rice Krispie Treat in the candy coating, letting excess coating drip off back into the container. Sprinkle with sprinkles, as desired. Place on waxed paper and let stand for coating to set up.
It's OK that I literally bought 14 glass candelabras yesterday because I felt bad for the cashier that got them out of the back room for me. I asked for 2.
“Sure Betty. But the peaceful times on my sofa are a thing of the past! I tell you Betty, now it is “The Plague and I”!”
My friend Jamie is so incredibly smart and funny and loving. He once wrestled an alligator but he’s never shot anyone. The funny smartass I knew at 15 has grown into a better man than most I meet on the street and he’s done it all on his own.
This woman who is learning to live beyond believing that my appearance is where I have value. The woman who shares her heart and invites others to do that. My mom had something, everything to do with that.
The Spread Eagle was tucked away in the side streets off Folds Road and at one time it served a vibrant local community but the pub gradually became isolated after the housing clearances of the sixties and seventies although it was frequented by students from the nearby annexe of Bolton Technical College; but by the end it stood alone, set back and practically invisible from Folds Road, the houses that once formed the bulk of its custom long gone.
7 ounces granulated sugar (1 cup)
“Lord, You are taking me apart a piece at a time, until I am completely undone before You. My sinful nature will fight You every step of the way, but I want to know You, Lord. To know Your heart. To be only Yours.” — journal entry from january 24th, 2012
Anyways, after the hunt, I tried once more for a shot of the kiddos together. It was another highly successful attempt as seen here….
Challenging tradition, Houda insists education for women is a form of worship. Using Qur’anic teachings, she encourages her students to pursue higher education, jobs, and public lives, while remaining committed to an interpretation of Islam prioritizing women’s role as wives and mothers. In a world rarely seen, The Light In Her Eyes tells the story of a leader who challenges the women of her community to live according to Islam, without giving up their dreams. Shot right before the uprising in Syria erupted, the film is an exclusive look at a social movement thriving in a country controlled by a repressive regime.
Summation: Part of the Patina Group. Need I say more? Actually, I can't at the moment as I haven't eaten here yet - but it looks like this is where all the high-powered lawyers go for lunch!
Then I made sugar cookies to take to a friend, but, I left them in my car when I got to her house, so, more for me! Yeah, those hot pink ones? Oops. I grabbed the bright pink food coloring I used for a pink and turquoise baby shower I threw last year, rather than, ya know, regular pink. They still taste delicious--just look a wee funky.
By Tom Schoenberg and Indira A.R. Lakshmanan on March 29, 2012
something needs to stay in its original state
I have a busy week ahead of me but I do plan to get back to work on the blog. I did have something very good happen to me today. I am extremely proud of it. I received a hand written letter from the Governor of Montana Brian Schweiter today thanking me for my hard work at the Fish Wildlife and Parks Department helping to conserve our state park system. I was shocked when I got the letter. It had an official seal on it. I have never met the guy and thought it was junk at first but decided to open it out of curiosity. I normally do not go around bragging about my work or works. I am not trying to brag about my work or works at all. God has blessed me and I am extremely happy and proud of what God has given me. This is an honor that God has given me and I have to give him thanks for that.
Weezer : The Blue Album
Kirkpatrick. 2010. P198. “The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story Of The Company That Is Connecting The World”. (Sourced from lecture 1)
Narrator Thank you Ben. That’s very kind. Do you know where you’re going to find your new flowerpots?
-Who knows more CFL teams?
While David and I were cooking some of the Chrismukkah food, we had the film Julie & Julia on the computer in the background. I haven't seen this movie in a while, and definitely not since I started a blog this past July.
Like a lot of you girls, this is the time of year I like to pull out my crochet bag and get a little project or two going. I've been making these cute little cupcakes. I found this great pattern here by Hannah Kaminsky at Bittersweet blog. I switched it up a bit though, by adding the ridge along the bottom, a different ruffle and the rose on top. They make really adorable pin cushions!
What I really like is at the very back of the book. It's called "Jemma's favourite..." for skincare products, body products, make-up and tools, organic brands and products for problem skin. The brilliant thing is, they're not necessarily products from her own line! As I mentioned in my Laura Mercier haul post, the secret brightening powder is one of Jemma's favourites! How many of these products have you tried?
and you FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT!
Let it be said – I’m not a musician, I’m a chef.I was only in a band once. Texar. I played theremin and looped location recordings with my then brother in law Darren Brown (of Boy Dirt Car fame) and Rick McCollum (he also played lead guitar in a band called The Afghan Whigs). SO, as far as street cred goes, I feel like I can check off being in a band as I did pretty well. I can’t imagine a life without music. As Darren once put it – “Music’s like food – there’s always something old, and there’s always something new.”
1 declining
From the torrent, or the fountain —
And the smell of horse as some have put,
Ink: Early Espresso, Pretty in Pink, Melon Mambo
The little ones are like "What's their problem?"
So whether you’re planting a tree, or being conscientious of your waste while camping, we can all learn a lot from the Scouts as it is the many small actions that together create a positive impact on the environment.
Mugabe and his henchmen of course take much of the blame, followed by our own Thabo Mbeki and his cabinet. Jacob Zuma will own the problem too if he doesn’t stiffen his resolve to solve it.
The Prestige by Christopher Priest -- 2 out of 10 CD's (This is really good. It's similar to the movie, which I loved, but different enough.)
Together, these many individual governments are going to be referred to herein as “collective government”.
Penny Black's bunny (bunny bouquet 4067K) stamp gets lots of ink these days. I'm making some Easter cards and gifts using it as an image. It's so easy to colour and with AquaMarkers so fast to do. I have embossed the image with clear after stamping with Versafine black, it gives more shine and texture.
Earrings- Diamond Square Gold- Ryca
Does age make humans wiser? I’ve been pondering this question after reading about Sheila Vogel, an 82-year-old prostitute who shot to fame after being outed as the grandmother of a talent-show contestant. Her silly granddaughter claimed to be “absolutely devastated”, even though it could hardly have been news to her. She ought to have said that she was proud to have a grandmother whom men would pay for sex. There are times in life when the only honourable option is brazen defiance.
Mainly I do this assignment to keep myself out of trouble (idle hands are the devil's somethingorother) and to provide a break from writing while still exercising my creative muscles.
to remain in Christ. John 6:56
However, I’m still not that surprised by the results. Wikipedia has seemingly become every SEOs biggest competitor, which explains why its dominance in Google creates a lot of attention. But if you look deeper into the reasons why the site is ranking. Despite so many top rankings, I honestly believe they deserve to be ranking where they are.
1 across
Sleep: Still pretty good! It is more comfortable to be on my back, but since I’m not supposed to be, I’ve started wedging a king-size pillow between hubby & I, and kind of lean against it. It’s pretty comfy!
Amy had a little bit of experience with growing vegetables last year, but we did start late and we did buy plants from garden centres, so after planting our courgettes out we were harvesting them in 4 weeks. When you have to plant the seeds yourself in February, March and April and drag yourself up to the allotment on the rainiest of rainy days to water the seedlings in the greenhouse it can be quite a chore to focus on the long term goals.
I embossed a piece of cardstock that matted the picture with Spellbinders M-Bossabilities Enchanted folder (Side B). To hold the picture, I chose silver photo corners from SCRAPBOOK ADHESIVES BY 3L. They have a wonderful variety of photo corners!
Held to mine
Why do you want to buy a watch? To tell time, of course, but it is not as simple as that. There probably a thousand and one reasons as to why you want to buy a particular brand or style and the most popular reason lies on the premise of “buying the one that you like”. However, the probability that what you “like” is not always the best one for you is high.
ブッダ：葉っぱ持ってないよ。
revelling in the adventure of studying the tree in its prone position
The Wichitas are over 500 million years old, the oldest mountain range in the U.S. In the late 1800s gold was reported, and many soldiers deserted from nearby Fort Sill to strike it rich, but no gold was ever found.
The location of his grave is lost in the annals of time, his gravestone a slab of stone merely stating that he lies nearby. The octogenarian thought it was a wonder at all that we still remember William Blake at all, when so much was lost. He pitied Blake, for he was certain that the Blake we remember is incomplete, as though we read his biography from a half-burned book.
I am sure there are women who can’t get pregnant who I’ve just pissed off. I’m also sure there are women who will actively disagree with me. All I have to say is that don’t believe that it is the happiest time of your life. In fact, it may be the most horrifying, embarrassing and stressful time of your life. The end result is fantastic, although I wish I could have gotten a ticket ( think DMV) and after 9 months, went to the local Safeway ( I love their cakes) and picked up my baby. Much easier!
Just as you may have to leave friends and family behind in order to go off to college, so too is it often similarly the case when students of Life are ready for finer spiritual aspects of their journey.
- In my wife’s fantasy day, SHE makes breakfast and does the dishes. Adorable.
With legs long
What a wonderful time we had. The long drive to NY made fun by singing together to songs on the radio.. chatting and laughing about people we passed. Stopping to enjoy a lunch of pre-made sandwiches at a rest stop along the way (along with a little bonus for Mark in the lot). Arriving finally in NJ where we unpacked and then took the transit into the city.
I am amazed by David words about Saul and that is why we will be spending a week looking at this. You have any initial thoughts on what is written here today?
My mom called requesting a handful of Birthday cards for her to have on hand so I went and pulled out some fun sets that I had not worked with in awhile. I tried to make these kind of simple so that they would not cost too much to mail but I am a big layer person so they tend to be heavy anyway.
TV here is .... weird...
Free market economics is successful because it is a “pull” model and PD should be no different. The “push” model is an artifact of not only the 20th century, but of the failed economies of centrally planned communist states. Centrally planned economies failed for the same reason our PD has failed: you can’t make people want something just because you supply it. Demand for something comes first, then the invisible hand guides the supply to meet it.
While tension is high both in Brazzaville and Bamako, the feel in the latter city is quite different than what I’ve sensed in Brazzaville. Bamako has been remarkably peaceful for most of its existence. Even while the recent coup was underway and gunfire could be heard all over town, the Bamakois around me seemed almost nonchalant. They took a few days off work, but continued to gather in small groups (grins) to socialize, drink tea and make conversation. I don’t know anyone who left town fearing violence.
Lawrence proudly told me as well that he eventually learned how to deal with such guests. Lawrence said he knew when to grab a guest’s hand and lock it in a firm hold before the touch progresses to his private parts. Lawrence learned just as many other MDs did. Immunology again.
But the doctor that I've used isn't a real doctor (well he might be in real life) but a performer in a Morris dancing group that entertained the audience on St George's Day. Besides doing some actual Morris dancing, they performed a little story about how St George killed the dragon. The tall tale involved the Devil, a policeman and this quack doctor.
The article’s argument turns on the ‘bronze plan’ – what it includes, and how it stacks up against existing catastrophic insurance plans. The article claims the plan makes the health plan’s mandate not quite as onerous as the Supreme Court justices may have been led to believe. Interesting. But I’m not here to address the main point of the article. I’m never here to address the main point of the article.
However, one thing I've always enjoyed about it is the fact that they usually have guys in their new uniforms, which is always a plus for me. In the past, Bowman was usually the first set to snap an actual picture of a guy in their new jersey, without resorting to "photoshopping".
Now this is only a very short synopsis of a marvellous romantic comedy play that is extremely fun and merry to read. It does not and cannot encompass the play’s beauty,comedy and complexity wholly. There are so many layers to ‘A Midsummer Night’s Dream‘ that one is perplexed whether Shakespeare wrote it only for mere entertainment or for other instructional purposes as well. It may not be one of his best plays but still remains a popular one that is sure to make anyone laugh. And if the Shakespearean language daunts you, don’t fret, it isn’t that difficult. Just try reading it aloud, going with the flow of the verse, comprehension will come to you eventually (Plus the notes and the annotations help a lot). And if you can, go watch its performance which will further deepen your understanding of the play and perhaps kindle a love for Shakespeare forever freeing you from the tedious rom coms of today!
The event evolved thus:
Vendors include:
I pressed the reset button in September 2011 after working on this darn thing for almost two years. It's now April 2012. Not too bad, I suppose. But I'm glad I did it.
yoginām api sarveṣāṁ
You know I'm a lazy slag when it comes to actually writing out these recipes, does this look like a food blog to you? But I can recommend visiting the links and making this yourself.
Til Brooklyn!
Last two days have been a chaos especially the Easter Sunday brought sad news that broke the floodgates and it all just flowed and flowed. All the pain that had accumulated for sometime slipped quietly into the new one and it became a lethal cocktail of emotions. All the parts of me that were vulnerable , opened. I still do not really know which was the dominating pain- of loss, of not being with my sons or my own unmet desires and loneliness.
So hurry right out and buy one of those teeny, tiny little cars that those environmentalists say we need to have. You know, those that won’t go very far so you won’t be able to travel anymore. And while you are at it, be sure and notice our landscape being covered up with windmills so we can capture the wind so we won’t run out of electricity either. Of course this is because we are going to run out of oil and gas to run our generators and we all need to cut down on electricity use too. Oh dear, what will we do. What will we do. Chicken Little is running around the barnyard wringing her hands because the world is going to crash any moment. At least it is according to those environmentalists who make up all these stories all the time anyway.
We hope other UK retailers chime in on that one and make a more palatable offer for the Nokia 808. A Dutch retailer, for instance, has a pre-order listed at ?565.
What I'm looking for in clothes, however, changes. When I'm dressing for work, I need something different than when I'm hanging out on the weekend. For work I want polished, rather than comfortable.
Committee member Lou Sones asked if the owners intended to close the windows during the summer, when the air conditioner would be running. The owners again said "No." Sones informed them that that was a violation as well, which did not seem to impress the owners much.
Sometimes: I have a really bad day
But there is yet another very important aspect to the error. Darwinist theory requires all the stages from one point to another to be individually “advantageous.” In an evolutionary process from A to Z (for instance, from a wingless creature to a winged one), all the “intermediate” stages B, C, D, …V, W, X, and Y along the way have to provide advantages for the living thing in question. Since it is not possible for natural selection and mutation to consciously pick out their targets in advance, the whole theory is based on the hypothesis that living systems can be reduced to discrete traits that can be added on to the organism in small steps, each of which carries some selective advantage. That is why Darwin said, “If it could be demonstrated that any complex organ existed, which could not possibly have been formed by numerous, successive, slight modifications, my theory would absolutely break down.”
If you are interested in more details about the Lands of Ara setting, see the Lands of Ara Gazetteer under the "Arandish Campaign Resources" tab above, or browse through the archived posts to the right.
And this doesn’t even take into account the extra monies already committed by the Bush administration in the form of “stimulus packages,” the increased size of the federal government, the oncoming retirement of the baby boomers and the strain on the Social Security system, Israel, Russia, Al Qaeda, Hezbollah/Hamas/Islamic Jihad, immigration reform, gay rights, abortion, potential Supreme Court nominees, the airline industry….need I go on?
The shorter the distance that food has to travel from the farm to the table, the less its essence will be lost along the way.
However, as I have indicated previously, even if the Certification of Live Birth is genuine, which I do not necessarily dispute, that does not, in itself prove anything.
Please check for the buyer reviews & ratings of G-Technology G-SAFE 500 GB Hot-Swappable Portable External Hard Drive with RAID 1 for Additional Protection 0G00241 on the merchant’s website by click on the link below.
This past week I took the opportunity to photograph my daughter, Jessica with some of our iris.
O.O GAH!
now a Liberal Senator current Liberal darling
GOODEness me!
In a large pot, bring to a boil enough water to cook the pasta. Add the pasta and add salt. Drain the penne when is partially cooked and the inside is still hard. You will finish cooking the pasta in the oven.
The whereas clauses give the background and rationale for the agreement . They should be worded carefully to clarify the terms and conditions for people from either party who were not involved in making the agreement but who are asked later to settle conflicts between the parties. Clarity is also important in the event legal action is taken by one party against the other. In a court of law the judge may look to the whereas clauses to improve his understanding of clauses that may be difficult to interpret. Whereas clauses contain such things as licensor and licensee representation and background of the agreement.
As it's Sunday that means a new challenge at Corrosive Challenges, and this week the challenge is The Man, The Myth, The Legend.......Tim Holtz. You are to use at least one Tim Holtz product on your project.
VIVIENNE: I get I ideas from reading other books, and people watching.
Update from last week: The estate sale at the lovely old house was kind of full of just trash,damaged goods and craft stuff. The home itself was a classic turn of the last century Craftsman,very good bones for the next people to work with. The second sale of the day a couple of miles away yielded some nice finds. Mid century modern file boxes,tip trays,wrapping paper…lots of goodies there!
Wei lowered his voice, “We’re flying out of this mess.”
But I am forced to live in today.
A Journal of the Plague Year, by Daniel Defoe
8.When the mixture becomes thick,start adding 2tbsp of ghee at a time.keep in medium low flame.
The point of this story is not that riches are wrong. But if they become our central goal, we are ignoring eternity and trusting money, not God. Jesus said it’s impossible to love both money and God (Matthew 6:24), and He warned, “Do not lay up for yourselves treasures on earth, . . . but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven”(vv.19-20).
And remember folks, everything you saw in these photos is free. : )
The Stampendous Design Team had previously created these wonderful cards to introduce the set; although not created specifically for this challenge, many still fit the criteria:
What color were his eyes? Light brown. Or hazel. The kind that could darken with disapproval as Alexander’s had done so often during the past couple of years. But she hadn’t detected any disregard from the sheriff. He’d seemed . . . intrigued.
The feeling in China that since 2008 the PRC has ascended to be a first-class global power;
60. Save the Cat! Blake Snyder
It is amazing that Christians in the Northern States are being sacrificed on the altar of the religious extremism of the Boko Haram sect, while their rights and privileges as Nigerians are also being deliberately eluded by authorities who claimed to be just and want peace in the region. Christians in the predominantly Muslim Northern States are being short-changed as second class citizens of Nigeria. Our Muslim brethren in Southern Federal and State Universities, like Nsuka and Calabar were provided land and they built their Mosques. Sadly Northern Federal Universities like Bayero Kano, Usman Danfodiyo Sokoto, etc have denied Christians land to erect Church/Chapel. Christian staff and students have only lecture halls or open spaces for worship services in Nigeria, their own God-giving country. The situation is same in the Kongo Campus of Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria where erecting the Catholic Church/Chapel has been blatantly refused by the school authorities and the extremists’ behind the scene.
But we are the people of England; and we have not spoken yet.
Everyone who calls on the name of the LORD will be saved
There are lots of available websites which are providing details on the training sessions associated to fishing which are also beneficial for these learning starters. By completing these training sessions you can be smart enough to know all the secrets of Stag Do Fly Fishing and can be very well trained with techniques to get the most out of the fly fishing. One of the beautiful spot or a place for this sport is rivers, or deep lakes and you can enjoy each and every moment of this games near these special areas. As this game is totally related to lakes and Rivers so do not forget to be safe your part as this game is related to deep waters. There are many coaches and sight seiners for visitors as well for learners in this game, there major specialties are sight fishing, or may be wild such as trout, and teaching the fishing to beginners.
Information for this article is available at:
I will no longer be posting to my old FB Page (Julsbeads). All new work and information will be included on my NEW page. (StudioJuls)
Order Drinks With the Word “Sex” in Them: such as “Screaming Orgasms,” “Sex on the Beach” “Watermelon Blow Jobs,” etc, etc. Just ordering these drinks will make you seem sexier to anyone within ear shot of you. This comes in handy if you are trying to hook up with the bartender.
Viper helped me to realize a few different things:
Let me inform you that while Garr & I were in Florida, all we had to listen to was the radio, and the only station we could agree on was a Fort Meyers/Miami station that played top-40/rap. DJ Scrappy’s monologues about Kim Kardashian’s “fine ass” and his compassion for domestic violence victims (probably singularly fueled by Rihanna’s suffering) were just too outrageous to pass up. Since then I’ve also made up a story in my head about Lady Gaga really being brilliant and her whole image being completely satirical and mocking of the very industry that pushes her music and the very people who love it. Unfortunately, I don’t think this is the case. Also, I was dragged to New Moon by my friend because it was his birthday and I like him more than I hate Twilight, and the only thing that got me through it other than laughing at all the melodramatic teenage vampires and werewolves was the soundtrack, which included tracks from Bon Iver, Grizzly Bear, St. Vincent, and Thom Yorke.
Lucinda Cross is a speaker and author and founder of Corporate Mom Dropouts, blog, radio show and book. For several years, she has made it her life’s mission to uplift, inspire and change people’s lives. She likes to call herself a catalyst for motivation, passion and high energy and has worked with small business owners supporting them to work on their business and not in their business, and women who were interested in learning how to work from home and take charge and create the life they love.
Here's the awesome "Quiver Syndrome" from Mark Lanegan Band's Athens gig, one of my personal highlights of the evening:
But noticeably unmentioned by the USCCB is the whole Exodus 20:15 thing, better known as Thou shall not steal.
Mikkeller East Kent Golding Single Hop IPA
The journey towards the meeting began.
In the end it was Chris who took charge of the transfer, seamlessly linking the two sides of the C90 together by adding some of the original vinyl music (you really can’t hear the join) and making a glorious 90-minute version of the Star Trek/Tangerine Dream bootleg. And with the submission of the final mp3 came some interesting background to the mix from Chris -
So, see silence be golden after all
Above all, Malaysians must NEVER bow down to a government and prime minister so callous they can feel no compunction in sacrificing the safety and well-being of their citizens just to cling to power.
I wanted to write and say that I'm having computer troubles at home. The computer that uses and processes my email is, at the moment, a large brick sitting on my desk. It probably has some value or use as a brick, but I am waiting to see if it could be repaired so as to become a computer again.
and in many cases the trauma
1) 215- form wasnt the best
What are you making for dessert? Decisions decisions.
Replica Wrist Watches
- Alex
The Old Program allows for a Money System (Capitalism) where “Slavery” is allowed to exist. Where its apparently “Ok” for one with all the money to enslave others to doing slave labour. And that this is apparently “just how the system works” all the while we are missing the point that this is NOT “Just how the system works” but that this is How we have Created the System to work and thus we require to correct it. To Create a New System with Rules that Support and provide for all equally. Thus a World System, an Education System, A Monetary System, a housing system, a transportation system based on The Principle of Equality – and Thus this is what an Equal Money System is.
it came back negative,
Okay, I love a lot of things about him, and now he's in Argentina, which I simultaneously love (he's with his family at Christmas-- what could be better than that?) and hate (he's away from me so soon after finding this sublime connection), and I am here... relishing in the knowledge that there is this amazing person in the southern hemisphere who is missing me as much as I am missing him.
4. The dead kid is Siobhan’s (Sarah Michelle Gellar) son, Sean, whom Bridget (also Gellar) accidentally got killed several years ago, leading to the original rift between the twins.
Composed these songs.
If it's raining or snowing or at all wet outside, it's "plastic bag feet day." Which basically means in the morning, Jordan puts plastic bags over his feet before stepping into his boots so water doesn't soak through his boots and make his socks wet.
To: ‘L’
elephants, the yapping
Maybe it’s all in my head, but I’ll tell you this: when I am compelled by circumstance to do something, it is a task that I may well grow to resent, no matter how much I might like it initially. When I choose to do something, to act on my own rather than be acted upon, my love for the task is not ground away as I go, but rather, it grows.
5. Toast buns directly on grill, cut side down, or under a broiler oven, just a minute or two, watching carefully not to burn. While buns are toasting cut toppings, here is the best way I’ve found to slice an avocado.
but for better life and to future without bad effect
The parallel between today’s debate over homosexuality and earlier debates in which the Church was eventually forced to acknowledge they had erred is striking. We’ve already witnessed a global shift in this debate in that those few passages often quoted to claim the moral abhorrence of same sex relationships are now being reinterpreted by steadily growing numbers of evangelicals, Bible scholars and others, just as texts have been reinterpreted in the case of slavery, the ordination of women and a host of other issues. For those under the age of 35, same sex marriage is not even an issue.
"Looking for love? Call in the expert. Alice Brown is a matchmaker extraordinaire. She has never, ever failed to find her clients the man of their dreams, and she doesn't intend to start now. As she tells her clients: Life's more exciting when you let yourself be surprised. But Alice's latest client Kate is proving her biggest challenge yet. Kate is a on a mission: she wants the perfect man. Trouble is, Kate could find fault with George Clooney and reject Johnny Depp. Will Kate be the first client for whom Alice fails to find love? Truth is, Alice has failed once before - she is the one person who remains resolutely single. In helping Kate, will she finally learn to take her own advice too?"
Dogfish Head World Wide Stout 18%
7 He was oppressed, and he was afflicted,
British writer Michael Gray, a world expert on Bob Dylan and the biographer of Blind Willie McTell, is opening his home in France for themed Dylan Discussion Weekend Breaks in September.
I stand in reflection of it
He looked so snuggly, covering he eyes from the daylight as he slept.
For three years I lived in an amazingly laid-back apartment in San Francisco where we successfully resolved apartment issues quickly, with a surprisingly small amount of back-and-forth or emotion. Here’s what I learned about how to broach these topics:
“Please!” I gasped. “What is this?”
Demigod, Super soldier,dazzling assassin, experienced marksman, armored genius, and the Hulk, rounded up by Samuel L Jackson, how huge was that? yup megaproject Marvel Studios akhirnya tayang juga, teaser awal yang dimulai dari The Incredible Hulk taun 2008 akhirnya siap tayang bulan ini, it’s action packed for you boys.
Published on Friday 17 February 2012 12:06
So now, I’m interested, is anyone else out there feeling the need to read a real paper book instead of their electronics? What is it that you find most satisfying? And most importantly, what are you reading?
D - Denmark, Dominica, Dominican Republic
And not PublishAmerica. Ever.
OKEEDOKEE
Long time no see, yeah I know. Missed me? Haha!~
That is why I prefer to take supplements separately when possible so you know exactly the amount that goes in your body.
The question floating around inside the heads of all the perverts gathered here this evening is: What in the world is a sophisticated woman like her doing in a place like this? Well, it turns out, Jane likes to tape her sexual encounters using a small cassette recorder for the erotic benefit of her husband (Cosimo Cinieri). In this case, she records herself masturbating while two live sex performers have standard intercourse on a stage. Breathing heavily, Jane, gripping the cassette recorder with one hand, while sheepishly toying with her panitie-covered clit with the other, tries her best to be discreet. When all is said and done, other than exposing part of her trademark black silk stockings, she is able to obtain a well-deserved chichi climax.
Displaying items with a designer logo or brand
Linking up with...
It is almost certain that the forthcoming Avengers film will get Hawkeye exactly wrong. From all indications - and from the brief preview of the character we got during Thor - the Hawkeye who joins the filmic Avengers is a SHIELD agent whose speciality just happens to be the bow and arrow. This is certainly in keeping with the Ultimate version of the character but - again! - that wasn't really Hawkeye.
Here are the prepared remarks I delivered before last night's screening of Punch Drunk Love at the Doc Film Series at the University of Chicago. Its a collage of material taken mostly from the PDL chapter intro, some other parts of the chapter, and some last minute stuff thrown in. Not as in-depth as I would have liked, but its impossible to get very detailed in a 12-15 minute speech. js
And the FOURTH stop will be 9-10pm, near 6th and Nueces. Hint: It's a 'little' place made of 'wood'
We had all signed up for a Grim Tour of Philadelphia (Vampires, Sex, Ghost and Murder), but Ruth was the only one who went. Both LaDonna and Polly decided they had been walking around too much already, so they went in search of the Charles Dickens statue while Ruth followed a history professor around town listening to tales of the seedier side of Philadelphia. She learned of ghosts such as the widow of Benedict Arnold who was excited, the fact that Bram Stoker and Edgar Allan Poe wrote scary stories from the city and the fact that George Washington met Martha by reading the obituaries and looking for rich widows. Nice! We also learned that Ben Franklin had a lot of love to share and that John Adams had a real problem with that. Nice to know even historical figures are human.
best ideas! www.thebalancedwriter.blogspot.com
More highlights of The Devoted Classicist's trip to Baltimore will follow in the next post.
Whatever. First sign of sun, first swallow of summer. Let’s step onto the doorstep and gulp.
I’m struggling to figure out how I’ve allowed my foundation to turn into something hard and averse to growth. I’ve become stagnant and infertile. I used to engage in self-discovery. I believed I would make a difference. Instead, I’ve allowed complacency and procrastination and fear keep me from being who I am. Whether it was deliberate or unintended, I’ve allowed so many other external activities to crowd my head that I didn’t have time to think about what was happening to me. I’ve compromised myself, not because it was demanded or requested or expected, and I’m trying to figure out why and how I can change it.
What has less sugar than an apple, more antioxidants than two pounds of broccoli, and more fiber than a slice of whole wheat bread? Oh, and tastes more heavenly than any of those good-for-you foods, as well as many desserts?
A few months ago, President Obama received and was reading a report that there were over 100,000 cattle guards in Colorado. The Colorado ranchers had protested his proposed changes in grazing policies, so he ordered the Secretary of the Interior to fire half of the cattle guards immediately!
What else? Henry has learned how to clap, and as a result he gives himself and everyone else a round of applause for doing anything. Or nothing. It's funny though, it seems like every time he learns a new thing, he stops doing any of the old things - so now instead of waving to you when you leave the room, he claps ('Yay, you're finally gone!' What a charmer.)
One thing I kept in mind with this project is- I can always change it up. I love (need) change.
heard him ringing on my bell.
Wanting...a nap and some chocolate. What else would I need after lunch, right?
and to feel
Super Angel PeachSuper Angel Peach
A. To find sub-atomic particles, it is necessary to collide other particles together at high energies using a machine such as the £5bn Large Hadron Collider, which accelerates sub-atomic particles called hadrons at 99.9999991 per cent of the speed of light. Sensitive detectors at the sites where the hadrons collide are then designed to monitor the tell-tale signs of a Higgs particle. There are two detectors or experiments trying to find the Higgs, one is called Atlas the other is called CMS and both are searching at similar energy levels. Unfortunately, there is a lot of “noise” coming from other particles and collisions that can mask the existence of the Higgs. Sophisticated statistical analysis is the only way of improving the certainty that a Higgs has truly been detected.
Wintercoat Vidmoseol
The anger of the workforce was noticeable at the rally in the Muni at the end of the march, which was reflected in the speeches UNISON leaders in Wales were made even if up until now this has not been matched by their actions. It is clear that the weight of their members’ anger is pressing up against them.
I’m not sure what more to say about this book, as it did get quite technical, so a review longer than this will read like one of those papers one submits to a science journal, plus, I read it a few months ago and only just remembered I hadn’t shared my version of the review on it. If you haven’t read it as yet, I think you should. It is informative, and does aim to help you pick healthier eating habits, while carefully explaining why the bad is really bad for you and your body. Perhaps someday I will make some crucial changes to my diet and think back on this book. Until then, happy reading! xo
She has had to get homework done and violin practice in and has jumped in and gotten it done with a great attitude. She hasn't blogged, but it is because she has been busy. I continue to hope that she will continue to blog as a release. I firmly believe that blogging is an awesome tool for her continued healing.
Construction Firms
before any of you get up in arms about the title (peoples gettin’ mighty sensitive lately) please know:
-Night on the Galactic Railroad
And then in the middle of the movie, I moved a huge mirror next to the couch we were watching it on :D
All ready to eat. Best eaten with steam rice
"The more you know,
Until reality clunks up the driveway in his GMC.
Remove the cheesecake from the oven and cool in the pan completely. Run a knife around the edge of the pan to loosen the cheesecake before removing it. Refrigerate at least 4 hours before servings.
And just like I wrote in my post a few days back, I want to live life with Russell so that I have nothing to look back on and regret.
Through an optimism honoring its liberation
But themselves, led him away
O God, to us may grace be given,
Shiela Howat, who worked with Mr Dale when he was a staff nurse at Dumfries Infirmary in the 1990s, said he was “no stranger to danger”, and had previously been captured in Mogadishu.
It's kind of hard to explain, why I wanted to see the Vatican Splendors exhibit at the Minnesota History Center. Of course I wanted to experience the art and the dazzling, ancient treasures. But this seemed personal somehow. Due in part, I'm sure, to having been raised Catholic. Whatever my experience with the church, whatever my current beliefs or spiritual practices, that will never leave me and I will always have immediate response to it on a soul level.
Further, no manure has been brought to the property in question since the above-mentioned agreement was signed.
HANDBAGS
It doesn't take a lot of patterned paper to make a fun scrapbook page when you've got great tapes to play with. (Super easy to stitch through it, as well!)
The sled glides over dry snow in starlight,
Miss Moussie didn;t move... she didn;t even look up...and she didn;t even say hello to Mr C...
Zachary Rajaniemi stole two 30-packs of beer from aa El Paso 7-11 convenience store. The clerk called the cops who caught up with Rajaniemi at his apartment where there were 22 underage drinkers present. All 23 were arrested and taken to jail.
Should I listen to my family? …. These people have my best interest at heart maybe I should listen.
Jenny - The History of the Eisteddfod, Wrexham Football Club and Successful Dog Training.
As is not surprising, “prejudicial” adverse pre-trial publicity is raised in many high profile cases. However, the success rate, either for appeals against conviction, or in asking the court to prevent trial in advance, is very low, if not non-existent.
Ken sold the photo for six million yen! He and his family live happyly in the country.
as a fairer sex is a false statement.
Publisher: David C. Cook; Reprint edition (April 1, 2012)
Alcatraz Island sits approx 2.4km off the shore in San Francisco Bay.
in fact, a perfect plan for me.
Here's a Fuller's London Porter clone recipe that I'm flavoring with oak chips. Usually things steeped in oak pull out hints of vanilla and thats what I'm going for here. I am using medium roast American white oak chips. When I described this to the owner of Austin Homebrew, he stated that French oak will give better vanilla flavor and be smoother too. Where was he when I was buying the recipe? The plan is to let it sit with the oak chips a month. If it looks clean, I'll rack into a keg. If not, then off to a carboy for another month.
In London there was little Nell
The first generation is fairly simple. BlackBerries in the workplace dominated from about 1999 (from the CEO’s office) until 2007 (when the original iPhone was released).
She told me she eventually realised that you can only write that type of fiction if you believe in it heart-and-soul and enjoy it yourself. A friend of hers did enjoy the genre and he did successfully write for Mills & Boon. She did not enjoy the genre wholeheartedly so was, in effect, writing pastiche not the real thing, which she did not want to do.
The rest of the DT have done a bloomin' marvellous job ;-) this week - here's mine.
I could see the police station. Every window had a fire in it and it burned right down to the ground that night.
We have been allowed to grow up and develop our particularities, identifying ourselves in relation to the other. Now it must be time to identify each other as brothers, and reach for a shared existence.
Aural Fit, Mubomuso
And yet I see the term Mary-Sue applied to characters who bear no resemblance to this definition at all. I see it applied to such diverse people as Hermione Grainger from Harry Potter, Mae from The Demon's Lexicon by Sarah Rees Brennan, Clary from the Mortal Instruments series by Cassandra Clare, Alanna from The Song of the Lioness Quartet by Tamora Pierce, and Katsa from Graceling by Kristin Cashore. These guys, honestly, couldn't be much more different from each other. The only thing they have in common is that they're all girls.
I was further down the list, allowing me the opportunity to fully commit to my nervousness, and to lose myself in utter confusion at what appeared to be a night devoted fully to poetry written quite eloquently in Klingon, while I waited for my name to be called. Eventually it was, and as is my habit I made excuses for the piece of writing I was going to share before even daring to make eye contact with any of the rabid beasts in the crowd. No doubt at the point, already having noticed that I am a stranger, and not one of them. I read my piece, a short story, my first ever attempt at fiction; a piece that I recently shared at a small writers conference I attended to good response on the validity and thoroughness of my “voice.” Last night however, the room was silent, and I lost my place on a few occasions simply because I wasn’t sure that I was actually reading aloud to the room, or if I might be awkwardly standing there, in front of the crowd, making no sound at all – simply rereading the words to myself in my own inner monologue. When I finished there was a quiet whisper of golf clapping as I zeroed in on my destination, my empty chair 3 rows from the back of the room.
Enjoy the debut photo of Fun Town, and we’ll see you next week~
Hmm. What a weathered look! Yet, she’s beautiful despite her sadness.
Welcome to Designing From Bones, where we use archaeology, myth, mysteries and history to unearth the stories of tomorrow.
But one must take it because it is right. ….MLK Jr.
The dress is designed by Daisy Craver, who won a competition run by Warehouse in conjunction with the British Fashion Council Colleges Council (now there's a mouthful for you). A graduate of the University of Westminster, she produced a small and impressive collection for the high street chain. Described rather deliciously as feminine meets rock chick, it included studded leather leggings, silk maxi dresses and separates, a leather tee shirt dress, unusual biker jackets in ponyskin or foil print leather and studded ponyskin belts. Now that's my sort of designer! I was salivating over most of it when it first came out but incredibly, I managed to exhibit restraint and waited to see what turned up in the sales.
In this special post, we'd like to share our work vision on makeup and photography.
Mighty Coala literally means mighty koala, powerful koala. When we named the band, Hyejin (key, voc) wanted "mighty" and I wanted "koala". So we simply put them together.
BUT....everything is going pretty good. Rodney had no problem finding a job; it helps to be well liked, a hard worker, and have contacts all over the country! We are living in North Carolina now and will be here for the next several years.
Down behind the Cottage by the Sea, on a beach with at least three names, fingers of rock push out from the sand and into the sea. I walk backwards into the sea – a kind of evolution in reverse – turn and drop into the water and float. A few fin flips pushes me toward the rocks and the tiny marine cliffs that burst from the sea sand floor. Life explodes around me. As I swim along the edge of the rocks my left side is brushed with weed and watched by hidden eyes. To my right is the bright expanse of sand and sun speckle, but little else. I keep moving and the rocks become more complex. The movement of water has carved out deep places, swimming pools with the edges always under water. I duck dive into them and scatter fish before me. A shoal of Yellow Eyed Mullet pass by near the surface – silver and slinky, primary school fish, typical fish. Wrasse dart under weed curtains, salmon depart and a zebra striped fish drifts past with what seems to be an over confident air.
And sealed it with glue.
“She has eighty names, thirty addresses, twelve Social Security cards and is collecting veteran's benefits on four non-existing deceased husbands. And she is collecting Social Security on her cards. She's got Medicaid, getting food stamps, and she is collecting welfare under each of her names. Her tax-free cash income is over $150,000.”
Under socialism there would not be nations as such any borders at least. This is not possible under capitalism due to the havoc it would cause but under socialism and eventually communism this would be possibly with free moving people as all would have access to what they need there would be no great reason to move about to a better area for a job or house as the idea would be that you could have that where you are if you so wish.
The Boss cannot understand why I Love IKEA.....
The judiciary attack our society by undermining the family. Lady Hale, Britain’s first female law lord announced at a press conference that she supported gay adoption , legally recognised gay partnerships, improved legal rights for heterosexuals who cohabit and the idea of fault removed from divorce law. This is an ideological statement and shows there will be no impartiality towards this aspect of “the Culture Wars,” as she was announcing beforehand that she is prejudiced against traditional values.
Not sure if ive mentioned before but for some reason i can’t access my external hard drive at all :( I’ve tried everything,had others tried…and nothing, it just shows up as though it hasn’t even been formatted… so im gonna have to take it somewhere to see if they can do data recovery on it. This drive has every photo ive ever taken of Chloe from when she was born till Nov 09 and it has what few precious photo’s i have of Dan on there. It also has some of Dan’s medical records on there too.I think the photo’s of Dan are also on Dan’s pc (Hope they are)
1 London Air Ambulance
This is a test of the emergency blogging system! Actually, I’ve been having issues with receiving email updates from other WordPress blogs, and was wondering if anyone else has been having this issue today?
Do you know Sid the Science Kid? Do you know this song? "I learned something new, something new today! I learned it upside down and inside out. I learned all aboooooooooooooout HTML IMAGE MAPS!"
And as 2010 draws to a close, Scarlet Thread would like to wish everyone happy holidays and a prosperous New Year!
When taking vitamins and minerals we need to be careful that they actually have the desired effect and that the have been produced in such a way as to take the outside toxins out of the end results. The ViPak has been Molecularly Distilled in order to take out the Mercury from the fish oil. This process can also help to take any petroleum the fish might have ingested out of the finished product so that we are not putting toxic chemicals into our bodies when we are trying to help ourselves become healthy.
“Well, I try to keep my word,” replied Hermel. After a brief conversation Bernie agreed to head back with Hermel to show him how to open the secret door, and give some advice if necessary. He wasn’t going to go further than that for him, but he’d do that much.
You have seen the dresser before but I changed the knobs to a different one from Anthropologie. A painting by my daughter and a print from Cozamia look pretty over the dresser.
Are you still running? Do you look in the mirror and wonder how you reached this point in your life? Are you pretending you are fine, when really you’re just dying inside? Are you looking for a solution to the dead end you’ve found yourself in?
“What about Wild Strawberry and Pink Peppercorn White Chocolate Truffles?” I ask work colleagues. This is met with a quite spectacular silence, so I have to abandon the idea.
The majority of the film is narrated by medical staff and health care workers who worked day and night at the Gaza Hospital throughout the Lebanon conflict. Some of the staff interviewed are American or English; medics who travelled to Beirut in its time of need, while others are native to Lebanon. Each personal reflection on the events witnessed from the hospital are riddled with heartache and disbelief. The stoicism displayed by these witnesses when recounting events such as the Karantina Massacre, is a reflection of the strength that they possessed while dealing with the events first hand.
Upon his head
What makes up your rubbish? Rubbish is unwanted. Rubbish is what’s left over or unimportant. Rubbish needs to go to the tip.
*You may sign up anytime from now until November 30th, 2012.
I just couldn’t resist posting these pictures and words of wisdom I got in an email from my Dad today. I usually do not read these types of emails when I receive them other than from my Dad, as he always forwards me the Best of the Best. It made me smile and feel good, for our little furry friends really do give so much to us. I hope that it will put a smile on your face also!
As the tutorial blog stated, this is tedious. I love the finished product, and you could even spray paint it whatever color you fancied!!!
Paul Theroux
21.4. TURKU Klubi
How many people help you write your blog?
When the subject of "teenage rebellion" comes up now, my mother is fond of saying "why would you rebel, since there wasn't really anything to rebel against?"
Let's take another example, right from the Bible. Now, I admit that this argument isn't entirely mine, it was first formulated by Leo Taxil in his wonderfully ironic (he wasn't a hipster) book: "The Amusing Bible". Let us remember a cute little story:
In a parallel journey, my internet problems this year have led me to explore issues of watermarking and although I have moved on in life from the previous post, hence why I need to post something new ... the Hotel who were not directly profit making from the photo, apologised, removed the image and offered me a free cream tea !! ... probably worth around £5 !!
Seize your moment today and take the time to reflect.
“Whatsoever you do, in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.” Colossians 3:17
I’m a relative newbie to blogging, but as I began viewing other blogs I noticed awards pinned to side bars. Wow, I thought, what a great honour. Then I saw in the comments list bloggers eagerly informing the recipient of their award nomination. Ah ha, I thought, awards for bloggers, by bloggers. How lovely. However, I also noted comments like “Thank you, but I don’t accept awards” or notices in effect saying “Push off and take your award nomination with you”. So is accepting an award a crass thing to do I wondered. Do only desperate, needy bloggers accept, copy and paste an award image to their blog? Well, if you scroll down to the foot of this blog you’ll see The Sunshine Award proudly displayed. Yes, proudly. That’s because I was nominated by Winloseordraw and A Number of Things, two bloggers I highly regard. And Rosie says she chose her 15 nominees out of 90 blogs. Now that’s humbling. And it’s precisely that warm fuzzy feeling that keeps me blogging.
She pointed her finger at James Hataway who she said tried to kill her after she gave him a ride home from a party in Casselberry in 2008.
In between
So we are back on the task of raising as much funds as possible for a further search.
Nourish our spirits .
Here you go, you thieving bastard.
Immediate reaction - "BRAT Diet!" And I agree. And I'd advise the same for others. And I'd follow it for myself or for Zach or for Jeff. But Teagan?
The big blue thing is the book shelf full of cook books that I had to move when the water came in July 4th. Time for it to get back where it belongs!
So the Friday after my birthday Tuesday, I was fully expecting JT to plan a fun birthday date for me. Usually this involves some kind of progressive dinner, coffee, dessert event where we basically hit up all of our favorite places to celebrate the best way we know how.
bacon-burger bar
#3. have lots of props!
Like how the colors turned out, though
One of the exciting things about writing for children is that you don't get as pigeon-holed in a particular genre. At the moment I am writing teen horror, but I have some great ideas for a series in a completely different genre that I intend to start work on in the near future.
“I don’t know what to say, other than I feel horrible” I answered.
I used a copic multiliner to draw the wonky border around her and the striped paper. The sentiment is from a dollar bin at Michaels and its matted on a label die from Spellbinders. I'm pretty sure those cute papers are from Authentique..(love authentique, them and MME my my heart flutter!!)
Lots of love from all of us.
One are those that have come here illegally, 11 million. The second is the group of people who are brought over by coyotes and who are in many cases abused by virtue of coming into this country illegally. And the third, are the four to five million people who are waiting at home in their own nations trying to get here legally. They have family members here asking them to come here. Grandparents and uncles and aunts. Those are the people we have a responsibility for. And the second group as well, those that are abused. We — we’re concerned about them.
Well…any colored pony…and…
People have MAJOR problems and have a hard time seeking out help due to these situations that I have just explained and things in their lives continue to grow and fester for the worse. It is very unfortunate that certain matters get swept under the rug and people are walking in and out of the church MENTALLY confused or dead. If a person’s mind is not stable then how can ANYTHING else be?
Before the Puritans, all those recesses and alcoves would have held statues of saints. The Puritans, in fits of ant-Catholic rage, stormed the Cathedral during the Civil War and smashed all the statues, sacrilege based on the very reasoning of the above article.
Simon & Garfunkel Sound of silence US
FCCB is a mix between debt and equity instruments. Investors in these bonds get regular coupon and principal payments. However, they also have an option to convert their bonds into stocks at a particular price (conversion price) at a future date.
So a couple of months ago, Ande and I agreed to buy a Yudu machine. For those of you who don't know what it is, it's basically a screen printing machine. Ande thought it would be great in helping cut some costs for his guitar amplifier building business. The first amplifier he made, he got the chassis (where you put the knobs) engraved. Very pretty, but extremely expensive, and not really cost effective. We're talking like $120 PER chassis. EEESSSSHHHHHH!
I've been waiting a long time to see this..
I am almost done in this journal--I only have one more page left so I'm going to have to figure out what to do for my next journal. I have a couple of options, but I like this small size....we'll see I guess.
The material I’ve presented above once again highlights a number of things. First, it illustrates the sloppy “scholarship” of Bob Sungenis. I’m sad to say that in Bob’s writings on neo-geocentrism and certain other topics (such as Jews and Judaism) we’re treated again and again to quotes taken out of context, exaggerations to the point of outright falsehood, misleading analyses, false accusations, double standards, and outright errors of fact.
1/2 tablespoon vinegar
Even though I wish I said that, I would much prefer my life be remembered as one who constantly acted in this nature... DC
Ultimately, despite some… glaring flaws, Mirai Nikki isn’t entirely terrible. It generally has a strong cast of characters even with some bad characterization for some of them and an interesting premise, but the plot is inconsistent in quality, generally hovering around ‘alright’ although it does have some freaking EXCELLENT moments near the end. I can’t say I was ever really bored, and I certainly didn’t hate it (well, not everything about it), but it’s just not all that great.
Early design experiences share confidence and allows them to experience mastery experiences (see Stevens, Hutchinson-Green). Learning happens between people, see research of Stevens. Suggests we reimagine engineering as socio-technical work.
If you’re interested in Java, JVM, JEE, Scala, Neo4j as well as cutting edge software craftsmanship, come along to the tutorials — and be able to say you were there when the Progressive Java Tutorials began.
I can't tell you how many times I stamped this image to get one that I liked. It is a beautiful image (it comes from Darkroom Door an Australian company and I purchase from BlueMoon Scrapbooking) which makes it tough to embellish it. I wanted the image to stand on its own. I stamped the image in Archival Ink's Sepia tone. It is stamped on cream paper which I then inked the edges using Vintage Photo Distress Ink. Can I just say that ink is a lot darker than I was expecting. I made a photo mat out of chocolate brown Core'dinations paper and placed all of it on kraft paper.
Little Miss did go from the bassinet to a cot in her own room at three months, but I do find myself cuddling upto my little girl some nights, and that’s fine with me. After experience, I know that she will quite happily sleep in her own room and will not be in our bed until she leaves home!
3 eggs, separate
and she can decide what she wants to do.
3. Explaining the Normative: Value Vs. Correctness
Above is a rendering of the Italian Pavilion at the World Expo in Shanghai. The colors of the Italian flag light up the structure. With the help of my friend Valentina who is currently living in Shanghai right now because her husband is working at the Expo, below are photographs that she took inside the Italian pavilion.
The programme details read: ‘There has been remarkable progress in dental health recently – yet a third of children in the UK have tooth decay by the time they start primary school.
FIVE copies are on offer in the February competition over at The History Girls. You'll need to work a bit harder for these by naming a fairy horse, but that'll be good practice for the Name the Muse competition coming very soon to give me, the unicorn, a name!
techniques and get funky with your artsy side. Just add photos later or layer on
But at least the guy doing an impression of Prince Charles made me laugh.
claim. Primos responds that the "all limitations rule" is not applicable to the
Because of that, there is nothing on earth that can harm my soul. It is sealed. I am His.
Caralie, after our visit to urgent care. She dropped a jar of applesauce on her foot and had to get 3 stitches.
As part of his bargain with prosecutors in Albany, Mr. Green escaped having to plead guilty to a felony, which would have prevented him from standing for re-election. He agreed to be placed on probation for three years, pay back $3,000 to New York State and pay a fine of $2,000 for the petty larceny convictions.
Lessons from ASIO files #1:
Dir. Su-chang Kong (Korea)
THE FACTS:
We found our featured coffee shop and tea room in Nottingham by chance really. I’m still learning about different search engines clearly, because neither of our favourite venues appeared in the search we did BEFORE we left for Nottingham, but they both showed up when we re-did the search this morning. Still, we were very pleased with the quality and the experience.
6. Johnny Be Good-US Navy Cadence(when it is done right as a cadence, it is awesome!)
What size is required?
But wait, there's more. In the Rubbermaid are pieces of flannel I still have that are large enough to make diapers out of. The upper left pile are large pieces, set aside for pants or nightgowns for next winter. And the red pile are solids for inner diaper layers.
The week before, I'd randomly received a call from the music minister in Amber, saying that he got my name from the music minister at my church and wanted to know if I would be available to play for them. He seemed relieved when I told him that yes, I would be available. He thanked me effusively and said, "I've called four churches so far, and no one has a violinist!"
There’s one near Hot Springs, Arkansas.
___ anything that suggests the book was rushed into print, e.g. “I decided to self-publish my book so I didn't need to wait for anyone else to like it or shop it around"?
“Okay, let’s see if he can do this… One, two, good, you’re on the right track so far, three, still looking good, four, well done, almost there, this is a truly astonishing feat, don’t stop now… five! He’s done it! Is that it? He’s stopping there? Hurrah! This horse is a genius! Put him in charge of our country’s major financial institutions immediately!”
I had a "minor" in office procedure that blew my blood pressure to "Out of this World" proportions!
If you don't feel like messing with veggies, you can opt for frozen mixed vegetables. It works great.
Card Stock: Choclate Chip, More Mustard, Whisper White
Athetico Madrid Spanish under 21’s keeper David De Gea, is also rumoured with the position. The 20 year old has already won the UEFA Europa League and UEFA Super Cup with Athletico after producing some inspirational performances for a keeper of his age. His performances have meant that he has been considered to play for the La Furia Roja by current Spain boss, Vincent Del Bosque.
How was your Valentine's Day on Monday? Were you able to have a lovely day?
Firstly a huge thank you to the DT who held an amazing blog hop on Saturday, so good that the stamps sold out! WOW its a long time since there have been any launch sell outs but those new Simply Sassy stamps are so inkable, you love them almost as much as I do. I am just putting together set 5, set 4 going to the factory today and the list goes on and on.
We give thanks for dependable breezes
I found this on my laptop today. I wrote this shortly after we met, and then apparently updated it one year later. It was titled “wow”:
2. We may not be holding the actual hoedown until May, but when it comes to promoting the blogathon to your readers, there is no time like the present. Rod Heath has created some spiffy banners, which will not only dress up a blog no end, but will also get out the good word.
Later that evening, I decided to take a shower and wait for my sweet baby boy to let me know he was ready. Not long after, I noticed some clear discharge but I chalked it up to the same “pregnancy juices” I had going on all week. I certainly didn’t think my water had broken. Around 10 p.m., I called The Midwife Center to check in and let them know that active labor was imminent. We live about 45 minutes away from the Strip District and I wanted to be sure we’d make it there in time. Kara returned my call- she was at Mercy with another woman in labor. I told her about the day and described how
Lily has been home for 4 months now and I am amazed at her vocabulary. She talks all the time and has lots of sentences. She started saying things like "I want it" after only being home 6 weeks! And she repeats anything - Andrew had her repeat him while he was counting in Spanish and she said them all! Just for fun, I thought I would start writing down her vocabulary so here is the start of the list....
I've adored the cartoons of this cartoon genius since I was a kid. My father had briefly worked in the stock room at Doubleday following his discharge from the navy after WWII and was able to buy a lot of books. Lots of non-fiction, some fiction, and a lot of cartoon collections. I bought my own cartoon collections over the years and a few years ago, my father gave me his because he knew how much I coveted them.
You may be wondering how acceptable the unparallel forms are: whether they’re OK in semi-formal contexts such as science news websites, for example. Let’s see what usage commentators have to say.
The Stuckey chapter begins by describing his work on the MetroTech complex as a representative not of Forest City Ratner but of the city's Public Development Corporation, precursor to the Economic Development Corporation.
Now that we have covered unfamiliarity, wavelength, and the lack of warmness, there’s also unresponsiveness [in this case that would be unresponsiveness to messages etc. Emotional unresponsiveness would be very much linked with wavelenght and warmness, but let's not get into that]. There are people who are or have been somewhat close, on the same wavelength, and/or warm but who just make me feel like a boring loser [there's that word again] who no one wants to hang out with i.e. there’s no/little response when I go ‘hey, watcha up to?’ I know that some of these people are very busy – but heck, if I don’t really hear from them for approx. 2 years even if I try to keep in touch that means I don’t have to keep trying anymore if I don’t want to. I’m through with that shit. The longer this keeps going on, the less familiar, wavy, and warm these people feel like anyway.
In fact here's a thought - the British Isles have been Catholic for much more of their history than they have been protestant: it isn't the Catholic faith that's the foreign upstart! Pray for the re-conversion of England and her neighbours!
We went to a smaller venue last night in Burnsville (Burnsville Performing Arts Center) to see the BoDeans. Tammy realized a month after tickets had gone on sale that they would playing but she still managed to get us some not-so-bad seats in the front row of the balcony. I was somewhat disappointed to learn when they took the stage that Sammy Llanas is no longer with them. I had no idea. The band revolves around two main performers, Kurt Neumann and Sammy. It was hard to imagine the band without either of them. Still, Kurt did a nice job of playing mostly some of the band's older tunes but with a couple of more recent ones as well. I've seen them many times in concert and while it was a good show it just simply wasn't the same without Sammy. Hopefully he'll find his way back some day.
She has come so far since her stroke, but I don't think she truly understands. She almost died, her body had started shutting down. It was a matter of time, the doctors and nurses were telling us it's time for hospice. I mean can you imagine sitting there listening to this but praying they are wrong but deep down you feel it's true? She's in a coma, she suffered another (minor this time) stroke while in the coma and the swelling of her brain was to much. She stayed this way for about a week, and we flew my family over to GA because I wanted them to see her before it was over. Then a miracle happened, I have no doubt in my mind it was a miracle. She went from completely non responsive in over a week to responding on a Thurs morning. She began to open her eyes, squeeze our hands again. What a joyous occasion, since literally the day before my family had to sit down and discuss funeral arrangements, burial, what to do with the house, her things etc.
In all my years of playing RPGs (about twenty, at this point), I’ve had a lot of memorable moments. I won’t list them here–it would take a long time (it’s been two decades, after all)–but I will say this: very few of those moments took place in dungeons.
What will probably happen, though, is the kids will talk their way waaaay into the night, and I'll have to stop to go pee in every bathroom in three states. Then I'll get horribly cranky and MM will either 'forget' me at a gas station or alongside the road somewhere when there wasn't a bathroom within 20 miles.
You really don’t want to stumble into a demon den.
It was the right place.
Historical - Victorian
The bourbon barrel’s life can stretch out to a fourth beer. Barley Island has used the barrels to create a sour beer. Also, they will be brewing a smoked porter soon and the malts will be smoked over the oak wood from the bourbon barrels.
“If you become a Magpie and fly away from me,”
In the time it would take for me to find the oil, unscrew the lid, pour the stuff, and put the lid back on, I could make two dozen, FAT FREE pancakes. With cooking spray.
In these situations I can’t keep my mouth shut, it just seems so ridiculous to me that people should be allowed to benefit from either stupidity or being inconsiderate. I try to be polite, at the grocery store I’ll say, “excuse me, there’s a line.” People inevitably act surprised and say, “oh sorry, I didn’t see the line.” Of course in order to see the line you would have to look for a line.
Talk about jackin up the airways people! I think this is one your local friendly neighborhood Nurse, Reiki Master and Acupuncturist could agree on. The endocrine system/Chakra bioenergetic system relationship is not only vital to both our emotional and Spiritual health, but to our physical health as well! My personal belief states that my intuition and connection to the Source or God is also directly linked to this bioenergetic system within this space ship I call a body. THE most important connection of my Being in all dimensions. Yeah, I don’t think I’ll take a chance on that one, thank you! And honestly, no matter what your belief system is, armed with information, ANYONE can clearly see that it might be worth a second glace when you go to buy that bottle of goop whose ingredients you can’t pronounce, with the assaulting, chances are fake fragrance! I have to admit, I do love the smell of some! It’s just so overpowering no one around you has a choice in the matter!
CRYSTALS AND HEALTH INFORMATION CENTRE
Ed Crane (Billy Bob Thornton) goes about the business of cutting hair with a stoic resignation. He’s stuck in a rut and has no clue how to get out. When Crane discovers that his bookkeeper wife, Doris (Frances McDormand) is having an affair with Big Dave (James Gandolfini), her boss at Nirdlinger’s department store, the gears of change start turning.
he earns more than the PM/he earns less than the PM if you include the PM’s benefits
And we can join together across race, culture and economic class, to do this here in Ithaca. At the breakfast on Saturday, Marcia Forte referred to the bumper sticker that reads: “Ithaca 10 square miles surrounded by reality.” She reminded us that Ithaca is ten square miles of reality.
Air Miles is now Avios and the way they calculate your ‘miles’ has changed. At first when we logged in to Syd’s account it looked as if she had enough points to circumnavigate the globe a dozen times, however after perusing the overly complicated website it transpired that we could realistically only pick flights within Zones 1 or 2 (most of Europe) So we started to look for pastures new – Catania? No flights available. Florence – same deal. Pretty much everywhere we tried drew a blank on availability. So we eventually narrowed it down to Madrid or Prague. We plumped for Madrid (5 gazillion points and £54 each return) as we were sure the weather would be much nicer………
So instead we offer you this condensed Drinkers Digest-esque slideshow of Good Beer Week so far.
Who are you going to be in the school play, “Once Upon A Matteress”: Minstrel
What the hell is that going to do to baby brain cells? We don't know, because there are no long term studies. There are barely studies on children, whose make-up may be totally different from that of an adult, because it is in growth mode. It is unethical to blindly give children treatment in studies before the work has been done on animals, and it is very regulated. Yet, post acceptance by the FDA, drugs are giving indiscriminately (off label) and a LONG TERM study is one year, although the children may be given a drug for a lifetime for a non-life threatening condition.
Basically, I'm a pimp.
“Oi Tony, you really shouldn’t do that mate. You could hurt Tracy and end up regretting it mate?”
My feet are off the ground
for his other home
Here are some Hemp Facts website:
Flourless Orange and Almond Cake (gluten free)
“My main focus with all of my photography is on storytelling. So with “Liars and Cheats” I attempted to allude to unique stories of deception in each photograph, avoiding clichés as much as possible, while contributing to a larger narrative.”
Deuteronomy 26:17-18 (NLT)
What’s more, in 57 percent of cases, hiring managers said their companies have relationships with local groups that promote employment of those with disabilities.
~ I am ever so grateful for structure and routine its important in our (mine & my boys) lives for giving them some stability and direction.
The obvious answer is to call 911 and please do that immediately if possible.
Outstanding trait: Despised outcast because of his dishonest career
The third round was a definite winner for Mathews who saw Crolla on the seat of his pants midway through. Paul Smith Jnr., a gym-mate of Crolla, who was in the corner for him on Saturday along with trainer Joe Gallagher and another representative of Gallagher’s Gym, looked on horridly. Following the rattle, it was time for Crolla to kick the survival tactics into action to ensure he lasted the round. That was the case.
A Kannada film producer says, “The budgets of the biggest Kannada and Malayalam films are still onetenth of the big budget Tamil and Telugu films. The markets for these films too aren’t as wide. The Telugu and Tamil films have a big overseas audience today just like Bollywood. One of the reasons why the money invested isn’t that big as compared to other industries.”
So, I did the nice thing and accepted. My next error was to saunter over to
Two weeks ago, my husband interviewed with a new firm. They called him back in under two hours. He didn't know what to do. I mean it. He's been treated like mushroom for so long (kept in the dark and fed a lot of crap), he didn't know whether to "commit suicide or go bowling". For a minute.
Maintain high levels of inter-rater reliability on all coding protocols
“We are delighted to be able to expand our footprint in Wales and increase our schedule to enable passengers from Cardiff to not only enjoy the city of Barcelona for weekend breaks but to also enjoy holidays to other popular Spanish destinations,” said Vueling CEO Alex Cruz. “Vueling is very pleased to be able to fulfil the local catchment area’s requirement for direct flights to these destinations for both leisure and business travellers.”
Both can be a hassle. And both can result in some amusing situations.
Published by Truth in Science and thoroughly recommended. Go on, examine the evidence!
Another awesome day!
De Hoeksteen Live Communications has 7 spots for its fall online internships and it is seeking interns with flawless written english and whose interests coalesce around one or more of these areas:
"They will live again in freedom in the garden of the Lord. They will walk behind the ploughshare, they will put away the sword. The chain will be broken and all men will have their reward."
Kim always has quite a few giveaways going on. Be sure to stop by and check her blog out, you will be glad you did. You can also follow her on twitter @kimbasthoughts
As the U.S. moves into new bases in the Asia-Pacific region and deploys more warships and warplanes to the Middle East, it can count on NATO to police Europe, the Mediterranean – North Africa and the western Middle East – the Horn of Africa and the South Caucasus on its behalf.
My Dad used to always tend to pop in for a quick visit and coffee on his way home from work, usually around the time when I was preparing tea. His timing definitely wasn’t intentional though. Sometimes, I would ask him to join us and make the meal stretch to feed three. Other times, I’d only bought two pieces of steak or only had enough leftover casserole to serve two. I wish now, more than ever that I had somehow ‘made do’, that I had shared the pieces of steak between us three and rustled up some side dish, even if it was only a scoop of baked beans. Dad wouldn’t have minded what was on the menu. He just would have appreciated the invitation and the chance to stay a bit longer and catch up with us.
- 1/2 tsp brown sugar
But I like to think I would have made my 14-year-old self proud.
For example, dealing with the giant piles of junk in the basement that ALL got shifted around when our house started falling apart. Started making a dent in that the other night. Trying to get all that moved, organized, settled. Found a few things I thought we'd lost or misplaced. That's always nice.
An effective response to the violations of the rights of LBGTI people has to be more nuanced than the mere imposition of donor sanctions. The history of colonialism and sexuality cannot be overlooked when seeking solutions to this issue. The colonial legacy of the British Empire in the form of laws that criminalize same-sex sex continues to serve as the legal foundation for the persecution of LGBTI people throughout the Commonwealth. In seeking solutions to the multi-faceted violations facing LGBTI people across Africa, old approaches and ways of engaging our continent have to be stopped. New ways of engaging that have the protection of human rights at their core have to recognize the importance of consulting the affected.
The deadline to enter is June 1, 2012, and winners will be notified no later than August 31, 2012.
And while he will undoubtedly have big stretches -- look at Derek Jeter's April -- how many of them does he have left? And how long will those stretches be? Does he have another 50-game streak in him where he hits .370/.450/650? How about a 40-game stretch? A 30-gamer?
The intensity of our defensiveness is also a mark of how identified we are with a particular image. That image is a marker of our dominant Fear-Self. Conversely, we most intensely engage with those invalidators who remind us of our original invalidators, especially our parents. If we are still seeking approval, we will find merit in their invalidation. If we are still hurting from our invalidation (and most of us are), we will very deeply resent them. These intense feelings sustain our identification with the Fear-Self. We are most ready to take offense with those we need most. Children need their parents, and often it is the parents who receive back the lovelessness they displayed many years ago.
Radiohead
To say I enjoyed creating this is an understatement! This is my first dip into the world of mixed media creation and I loved it..hehe...
The ominous parallels with Nazi Germany
Within the vale of peace,
Tazzy (left) and Piggy (right)
If a non-resident dies in Spain, without a will, the estate in Spain will be distributed according to the Spanish laws of inheritance.
Well our country must be at its worst. We're all in this together are we Mr Cameron? Some more than others clearly. We all had our suspicions about the unity of financial sacrifice being a sham. But now I suspect the actual sacrifice of human life and wellbeing before criminality too, had been consciously accepted that this would only apply to certain strata of society.
– Beverley Nichols, Sunlight on the Lawn
Governors Island which has the potential to become a future Remote Center with academic space and housing for students and faculty.
In accordance with this formula, during the I970s and early I980s a string of institutions was created and old ones were activated to the end of propagandizing the corporate viewpoint. Many hundreds of intellectuals were brought to these institutions, where their work was funded and their outputs were disseminated to the media by a sophisticated propaganda effort. The corporate funding and clear ideological purpose in the overall effort had no discernible effect on the credibility of the intellectuals so mobilized; on the contrary, the funding and pushing of their ideas catapulted them into the press.
Age/Genre: YA Paranormal
Emma’s sons Edward and Alfred returned to England while Emma held the kingdom awaiting Harthacnut’s return from Denmark. During this time, Alfred was blinded and killed so Edward fled back to Normandy while Emma went into exile in Flanders. It was during this time she commissioned a biography of her life, written by a monk and finished around 1042 called “Encomium Emmae Reginae”. This is the primary source of information regarding Emma’s life.
Elyse was excited to announce that History Detectives is launching a focus on the history of music. In the show's investigation of The Star Spangled Banner, Elyse had the honor of hearing a private playing of different versions of the song by President Obama's band.
The silver/black webbing in this bead came from applying a stringer that was about 0.8mm across over my encasing layer of Effetre 006 clear and then simply melting it down flat in a fairly hot, slightly oxy rich flame.
However, I have also come to discover a few new methods that have worked for me. I’ve realized that re-using the same cup or bowl throughout the day prevents me from having to wash it every time, storing drinking water in a pitcher in the fridge prevents me from running the faucet each time I’m thirsty, and buying a timer for my sprinkler so that it doesn’t stay on until I come home saves money and water!
The most fascinating thing about the journey is God practically does everything. Romans 3:28 tells us:
As it's coming up to Halloween a lot of our design team have made Halloween creations, but you can make whatever you like as long as it's a celebration. Birthday, Anniversary etc, it's up to you!
● Support the work of existing water initiatives involving the private
You might think it's silly that I still remember this or care about it, but it was a big deal for my eleven-year old self. In fact, it would be a big deal if a friend did the same thing to me now. That girl accomplished her goal. I was instantly destroyed. My trust in people took a big hit that day, and was further eroded in the subsequent years I spent with the same 40 or so kids. Over that time, they made fun of me for being flat-chested, for not shaving my legs early enough, for being smart, for having braces, for not wanting to play spin the bottle with them in sixth grade, and lots and lots of other things. All of this was done behind my back, while the same kids pretended to be my friends.
Hudson doesn't really "do" lighthouses, either.
So when I made myself a salad of just oranges and fennel, with some some parsley leaves added for colour, I though, this is never going to cut it . But you know what? It was beautiful. Fresh, and sweet, and crunchy and yes, it took me straight away to Sicily. So if you'll forgive me resorting to the clichéd quote, it was a case of changing things so they would stay the same, and it worked.
This blog started to look less like an online thought bucket and more like a book blog in early 2009. Standing here at the beginning of 2012, it's still a blog about books but the expatriate/cross-cultural side of it is starting to show itself a lot more. At first I worried about that and thought of starting a new blog to house the "Living Overseas" stuff but then I thought - why? There's no rules against me doing both, especially now that I'm less worried (read: not worried at all) about attracting publishers to give me books to review. There have been several really good posts about the state of book blogging floating around lately that have really crystallised what I've been thinking and feeling about this lately, including this one at Estella's Revenge. It's a great read and hits the nail smack bang on the head and if the flood of "Preach it, sister!!" comments are any indication I would say that right now we're in the midst of a bloggy revolution.
Melissa was partly reassured by the fact that many of her peers were doing it.
This is the datum for the cars dimensions and is effectively the lowest part of the cars floor. When the old flat bottom regulations, dating back to the banning of ground effects in 1983 were revised in the wake of Senna’s 1994 crash, the floor has had to have a step along its length. So we see the stepped shape of the car in frontal profile, with the reference plane sitting lowest in the middle of the car. This step cannot be wider than 50cm or narrower than 30cm, the reference plane must by flat and run continuously from behind the front wheels to the rear axle line. The Reference planes leading portion, also forms the splitter, also known as the T-Tray or Bib.
8. Fresh Prince of Bel-Air
And as for the CRAZY chaos in my living space...my dear friend, Shari (aka the librarian), lent me the book Clear Your Clutter with Feng Shui by Karen Kingston.
Chua Shed Light On MCA’s Contributions To Chinese Community – Monday, 20 February 2012 00:09
up the ladder and down the wall
We also managed to visit our dearie ex-colleague Ooi Poh Meng in Seremban,
“We definitely think there is an opportunity to improve the yield of that business,” added CEO Terry Marks, none too helpfully. “It’s about pulling a thousand levers a little bit better. It’s not about pulling one or two big levers.”
Hoekstra asked whether there were standards by which a hypothetical cleric would be judged to have “crossed the line” from denouncing US policy into recruiting terrorists or co-ordinating attacks on US targets.
Process the sugars and eggs until frothy and combined, about 20 seconds. With the machine running, add the oil in a steady stream through the feed tube. Continue to process until the mixture is light in color and combined, about 20 more seconds. Transfer the mixture to a large mixing bowl and stir in the carrots and dry ingredients until incorporated and no streaks of flour remain.
let anyone know the gender!
It is my release. I love Facebook too much, have met so many wonderful friends there. It is my city which never sleeps. I know that is odd, but I work at home and am isolated from people too much. It brings the world in and opens up all kinds of creative interchange and play. And yeah, I can be an actress again... there.
I had a tapping on the window yesterday!
Place cooked green beans in a bowl. Halve the cherry tomatoes and add them to the beans. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add some salad dressing. Mix with your hands. Taste. Add more dressing if necessary. Place in a tall mound on a plate. Scoop out small chunks of burrata cheese and place all over the salad. Sprinkle with chopped herbs. Serve immediately. If the salad sits for a bit the beans will start to lose their vibrant green color but they'll still taste good.
Unfortunately, they didn't quite make their golden wedding; my mum passed away in January 2005, and my dad was never quite the same without her.
My seventh thought was that perhaps the University of St. Andrews was simply addressing the presence of Occupy Nothing Useful riffraff, and at least hoping that they could read it.
"You used to shout at Anne for saying that."
I actually want some for a practical purpose - ACTUALLY.
It's all so bland as well. So Blairite.
Green chilly
Melina's 2 Cents: Tango Friends : Last weekend, I've been teaching in Amsterdam. As we‘ve been there a couple of times, we know quite some people and places. It feels good to come to a town, where you‘ve already made friends.
With the influx of technology-based games these days, it seems like there are fewer and fewer Barrel Of Monkeys games out there in stores. It’s a shame, as it really is a classic. (By-the-by – what’s with the newer Barrels containing only red monkeys? The blue ones were always my favourite. And having the monkeys in primary colours is a great introduction for young artists to colour theory!)
But there's something else that has changed, and it's been working in my heart for a few months now. It's the question of "What is my purpose?" A question I'm sure most if not all of us have asked ourselves. I've been praying, talking, and pondering this. And even more so, how does this involve my natural gifts as an artist? I ask myself this question almost every six months, and it's a cycle, but I feel it's necessary if I am to grow.
It was a lovely wedding, celebrated in a beautiful, historical, place that has been sanctioned for weddings. The service was very modern and very happy. The registrar was an absolute love! Our dear, youngest, grandson (3 yrs 4 months) was ring-bearer. He was ‘suited (3 piece) and booted’ and looked so absolutely gorgeous he brought smiles to the face and tears to the eyes.
In fact Williams Design team have completely rethought the rear suspension and gear case. By going to a Pullrod set up, the rockers, torsion bars and dampers that normally occupy the space above the gearbox are sited low down at the side of the gearbox (see http://scarbsf1.wordpress.com/2010/10/10/red-bull-pull-rod-suspension-what-is-looks-like-how-it-benefits-aerodynamics/). Without this hardware mounted so high up, the area above the gearbox is just a void. So although it serves a structural purpose the stiffen the suspension mounting points. If they can be sufficiently stiff, then this area can be removed. Thus with the Williams the air flows over the upper body and around the engine cover, the bodywork then curves in behind the engine and airbox in a sharp “V”. There is then no structure to hinder the airflow, until the air passes around the rear wing support, which now doubles up as the top rear wishbone mounting.
I went along yesterday to talk and to do a photography shoot with some of the main models that will be Involved in the Fashion Show.
Clerks 2 is one third of a good movie – and that’s because Jay and Silent Bob appear in one third of the film.
G-H = C-D + 2” join D-F –H by a curved line.On this line Mark L such that L-H =¾”
Placenta previa occurs in about 1 in 200 births. Risk factors include:
Coffee on the go
21 Rock And Roll/You Keep Me Hanging On
Introduction 6
- She can identify most animals, including (but not limited to) cats, dogs, birds, frogs, turtles, fish, elephants, giraffes, horses, cows, ducks, chickens, geese, crabs, bears and bugs (yes, I know they're not technically animals...)
If a regiment’s move ends with its front side in contact with two or more enemies after charging then you’ve got yourself a multime combat. Remember only the sides of enemies’ bases can be charged (any side) and corner contact doesn’t count.
Add the water, eggs, salt and sugar to the bread machine. Then add the flour. Make a small well int he flour and add the packet of yeast. Set your bread machine setting for dough, and voila! I usually let mine rise for an extra 30 minutes. My bread machine lets dough rise for an hour and this really needs 90 minutes. You should get 3 medium-large pizzas with a ‘thin-ish crust. You can make two pizzas with a thick crust, of course, but it’s quite good on the thin side. The dough also freezes quite well if you only need one pizza at a time.
Example number one, MoMo. So worried she had a cancer. Nope, we all purred hard, it came back only as a big inflamation. She needs treatments, but nothing like it would have been for a cancer treatment. Doesn't she look good soaking up the sun!
And in other news…
Mandy Wiener is an award-winning Eyewitness News journalist. She has been covering this story for five years and has unrivalled access to the main role players.
wayne center for the arts
Pam Corbin (2010 American edition)
against the green pier, calling God under its breath, God,
The demonstration was extremely significant because it is very rare for asylum seekers themselves to participate in demonstrations outside the Border Agency but on this occasion they were organising the demonstration, speaking from the platform and leading the chants all afternoon. At least half of the demonstrators but probably more were asylum seekers. A significant step forward in the campaign for migrants rights.
Most asteroids are made of rock. The rest are metal, mostly iron. Some are rubble piles — gravitationally bound collections of bits and pieces. Most live between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter and will never come near Earth.
What I think about this card now: Wow, was baseball THAT unpopular in 1974? The attendance looks the same as a random high school game in my area.
Little T & A
Must not have any Adult-theme content on your profile. No flirting or picking up Twomoons Island visitors!
thanks to everyone that's playing the 'what does dot look like game' on twitter. it's not a very good game, but it amuses me and i'm going to be blogging about it soon - the whole perception/reality, fat/thin issue you know...
FrostFire swag.
By 1894, in the throes of a nationwide fiscal depression, outrage at open corruption in the police department prompted the New York State Senate, Republican-led and frequently at odds with city management, to clamp down. The Lexow Commission, named for its chairman Senator Charles Lexow, exposed deep veins of criminal negligence within the New York police department and issued a now-legendary 10,000 page report outlining the most grievous charges.
Carmen’s Art Appreciation Journal
While I'm thinking of it.....I had a conversation with a friend of mine the other day and she seems to feel the majority of folks don't really care about the quality of the crafts they purchase. They care more about quantity than quality. I honestly think that most of my customers really look for and appreciate the quality of goods they get from me. What do you guys think??? Have an opinion one way or the other? I would really like to hear what y'all think.
6. I wrote my first play when I was eight and charged the neighbourhood kids 5 cents to watch it. It was set on rollerskates, thus predating Starlight Express by several years. Performed on our back porch, it ran for precisely one day.
for a woman
After this they completed a technology task that involved them analyzing data and creating a pie chart in Google Docs. It was a great learning experience for all of us! Click (HERE) for a copy of the Tech Task directions.
Can you believe it's been almost a year since I last did a Silly Sunday?! Yikes! Time to get back in the game. Life is too funny to go without giggles.
I'm not a reporter, so I'll let these pictures tell a thousand words for me:
The “Love Boat”, Princess Cruises offers the Honeymoon Experience that includes 2 engraved glasses, long-stemmed roses, champagne, and a framed formal portrait. The Deluxe Honeymoon Experience includes plush robes, massage or facial, canapes, plus what’s in the Honeymoon Experience. Whether it’s your first or fifth honeymoon, come ride the “Love Boat!”
The rain on the windscreen was relentless. It was a whiteknuckle ride for my co-pilot. “I’ll drive home,” he whispered as we left the freeway, drove through suburbia and then into a gorgeous rural retreat. While we couldn’t really appreciate the full extent of the rural beauty (because of, you guessed it, the rain), we knew it must be pretty because there were ducks. Lots of ducks. Lots of ducks playing in puddles along the side of the road. No ducks were injured. However, apparently I was driving a bit too close to the side of the road and put a little widdle in their waddle. Anyway, I am more than happy to be the passenger on the way home.
This kind of discussion of the motives and efficacy of the proposed pig eradication plan is entirely absent from Pollan’s exposition in The Omnivore’s Dilemma. Nor does Pollan address criticisms of the logic underlying ecosystem restoration plans. Shelton writes,
Imitates Selena Gomez
might spting from the blood-red soil,
Worlds Apart for me is exactly that. Throughout the process of the move I knew two things. 1. Nobody was going to touch my studio. I knew I was going to have to organize, pack, unpack and organize again at my own pace. 2. If I was going to focus in order to get the rest of our house packed, I knew I needed to pack the studio sooner than later. Which lead to #3.... I would be without my beads for at least 2-3 weeks.
Finally, I showed some sources for confirming facts. We UNC folks have online access to a directory called the Encyclopedia of Associations, which will help editors and reporters find experts in a variety of areas, such as SEEDS, which helps “neighborhoods and communities create sustainable green spaces for gardening, gathering and education.”
Are you a writer or a planner? Notes or instinct? Research or diving straight in? Are you a mix of both, like me? I’m interested to see how others do it.
In thick bottomed pan heat canola oil on a medium flame until it reach 375 F. You can also check the temperature of oil by dropping a small piece of dough into the oil. If it rises immediately then oil is ready for frying.
The only outlet is there. I hit the off button and shuffle back to my side, crawl under the covers.
335: Scotch des Fagnes, spices and fruits, stro-hong, 8.5%
Once at the store, we grab not one, but two shopping carts. I wear the baby in a sling and the two little children sit in the carts while I push one cart and my oldest son pushes the other one. My oldest daughter is not allowed to push a cart. Ever. Why? Because the last time I let her push the cart, she smashed into my ankles so many times, my feet had to be amputated by the end of our shopping trip. This is not a good thing. You try running after a toddler with no feet sometime.
by Carolyn Larsen is a collection of Bible stories from the New Living Translation of the Bible.
I kissed her, and she spit in my eye.
Georges is a man of few talents, yet he feels a sense of entitlement, harbouring bitter resentment against those in whom he perceives slights. This story of a deeply unsympathetic character, potentially doomed to unhappiness by his own limitless pursuit of status, is interesting and so is the film. Though 'Bel Ami' is also heavy-handed - peppered with cumbersome dialogue spoken by actors affecting rigid British accents in an attempt to play French characters - and overly glossy, shying away from showing much of the poverty that is ultimately to power Georges' desperate longing to move up in the world, whatever the cost to his personal happiness. Arguably, with its emphasis on finely embroidered corsets and shots of Pattinson's bum, the film is as superficial and self-important as its protagonist.
Beautiful truth.
Undeepen your heart to me
Technique: Paper folding, Scoring
Unsure of how to answer, he got a “oh, that’s nice!” from me. I shot Dan a “help me” look that didn’t get received. I was on my own with this one.
Reprimanding is one of the most difficult things to do as a parent. I understand that there are some really lucky parents who sail through the childhood of their offspring not having to get psychotic at all but for the rest of us struggling parents, it is so difficult to draw the line between what is right and what is wrong -especially when you are at your wit’s end!
A singsong voice came through the television blather, "O.K."
Use coupon code 51532 at check out to score this fantastic deal.
It had an aroma of sweetness, sugar sweetness but also a malty caramel sweetness. Is that right? perhaps not, but sweet full stop.
We are finally moved in to the new house, but we're definitely still living out of boxes and bags.
when the chips are down.
Hello bloggers! Thank goodness it was a snow day today because my new Dell Inspiron Duo came via Federal Express this morning. I am sooo excited this is finally in my hands! It was released for purchase at the end of November and I ordered it on Monday. It's a gift to myself for my birthday and completing my masters! I am taking the final cumulative course now and since there is a 200 page stragetic plan due in 8 weeks, I decided to go ahead and get me gift. Yay!
He's going to send an email;
You see, there were thousand of witnesses who saw Christ after His Resurrection. These people told these stories, wrote them down and passed them from church to church in order to keep Christ’s words alive and well. The most current documentation that was discovered has been dated around 70 A.D. The people of that day were eyewitnesses to Christ’s death and Ressurection.
Even Sean Connery himself couldn't make Meteor anything special, and that's saying a lot. He gives his Sean Connery best but neither he nor his Wonder Rug could make any portion of Meteor enjoyable, interesting to watch and anything more than what it is nowadays: an ode to Cold Wars past and a grasp for detente in a pre-Perestroika era. This is nothing more than a time capsule and a bad time capsule at that, where the freshness seal is long since broken.
Pairings: Cheese: sharp aged Cheddar
Thanks so much everyone for visiting my blog over the weekend and participating in OWH's Springbreak bloghop. I hope you had a fun time looking at all the eye candy and amazing inspiration out there, I know I did! Can't wait to play in more bloghops with OWH in the future!
Weakness: UNLV is seventh out of eight teams in the Mountain West in free-throw shooting. Averaging just 67.9 percent on the year, the Rebels must make their freebies if they expect to win in the Big Dance. There is just no way you can win consistently shooting so poorly from the free-throw line. UNLV better knock down its free throws or it can be out of the tournament in a hurry.
The event takes place tomorrow - Saturday, November 5, 2011 at Ryerson University, 40 Gould Street, Kerr Hall South, Room 251, from 9 am to 5:30 pm. I will be speaking at 11 am and attendees are welcome to come anytime during the day. The event is free and open to the general public. More details are available at www.ryersonfashionsymposium.ca.
Your priorities may change over time, so it’s important to think about how your needs change as your situation changes. Right now my main focus is on getting water, small emergency kits with a variety of supplies, and food. My suggestion to you this week is to make a list of your own priorities, and set up a way for you to slowly meet those needs. Set yourself up for success by creating recognizable milestones and taking small steps each week or month.
1) When they tell you that you have to have a colonoscopy, tell them "No."
but a place to be called homeland.
“But hold on a minute,” I countered. “You can’t really go round calling people black bastards…”
An interesting pattern had already begun to form to which I am only now coming to grips, forty-some years later. The biggest thing I learned from my mother was that the world was run by powerful women and for me to survive, I had to keep them happy. My father was king of our house, but only because my mother allowed it. She ran things, and we knew it.
just like a black and white silent movie
Occasionally, they’re right beside you on your current form of transportation. (No sudden movements, people!)
So I created the recipe, getting inspiration from a litchi mousse seen in a pastry entremet with several layers, but I ended up modifying the entire recipe to obtain my own one.
Sunday Times: GORDON BROWN is on course to remain prime minister after the general election as a new Sunday Times poll reveals that Labour is now just two points behind the Tories. The YouGov survey places David Cameron’s Conservatives on 37%, as against 35% for Labour — the closest gap between the parties in more than two years. It means Labour is heading for a total of 317 seats, nine short of an overall majority, with the Tories languishing on a total of just 263 MPs. Such an outcome would mean Brown could stay in office and deny Cameron the keys to No 10. The poll result presents the Conservative leader with one of the greatest challenges of his leadership today as he makes the keynote speech to his party’s spring forum.
Dear Diary, this blog has returned to basic black . . . I like the way it makes the photos pop. Why I feel the need to post about this I do not know. It's blatantly obvious to anyone who comes visiting!
The maximum duration of a CPC is 7 years. However, the statute does not provide any formula for calculating the duration in individual cases".
People are committing suicide because of the distress and harm that’s being caused by this process, it’s also been discovered that 32 people are dying per week because of this process, this information was discovered through FOI requests, are GPs saying this is acceptable in our modern age, is this what GPs want for their patients?
After the crying my head was clear. I thought about the weeks ahead, packing, staying in a hotel, the 12 hour drive to our new home, more hotels, unpacking, and our first night in the new house. None of it will be easy, but that’s life. I must put a positive spin on this! Staying in a hotel isn’t ideal, but at least I don’t have to clean. It gives me more time to spend having fun with my kids swimming in the pool, going to the park, eating a picnic lunch, and just staying in the moment with them. Instead of trying to keep them busy so I can do dishes or mop I can enjoy watching them play together or even play along. Sleeping over at Grammy and Grandad’s for a few nights isn’t perfect either, too much sugar and not enough sleep make kids (and mama) a bit cranky. My in-laws are wonderful, they love my children more than anything and they always make us feel welcome. I am planning on taking the kids to the children’s museum by their house as well as a trip to Farmer Tom’s to ride some tractors, but honestly my kids just love hanging out at Grammy’s house with all her toys!
Combine the flour, sugar and salt
Then I got a voicemail from my mom saying that my doctor wouldn’t give me more Vicodin because I had supposedly just asked for it. And she got a lecture (which she repeated to me) about using too much Vicodin. Um actually I’m about 10 days short. Which means on 5 days I took an extra Vicodin. So instead of 2 pills I took 3. I called him, got his nurse, who told me he’d give me another prescription but I’d have to come in and see him next time (he is 8 hours away from where I live). So now I have to cut back which sucks because the reason I’m taking more is because my hip has been hurting more lately. Like the way it did before I had surgery. I mean I’ve been on Vicodin for 4 years. I think only take 2 a day is pretty damn impressive. Also I got yelled at by my mom for my hip hurting more and not turning in my IHS stuff yet. Which I have I’m just waiting on the mail now. And I got a second lecture from her (from the doctor) about not seeing a specialist yet. Which I can’t because the insurance I have doesn’t cover pre-existing conditions and I’m still waiting on IHS. So wtf.
Although my perception for almost 65 years has been that I am a child of this light, like anyone else I constantly face dark moments. The medieval mystics and the storytellers of the chivalric quests described life as a journey toward the light with fleeting moments of grace.
and red leatherette
Most of these sort of people are the acquaintances and buddies that I’m only friends with because they’ve been/are in the same social circles with me. I don’t really have that much in common with many of them. I don’t even like some of them. I’ve started to dislike some of them the more I get to know them!
I really enjoyed this months challenge. Donna is sooo very good at walking you through the class.
Novartis AG 18
...is doing the giveaway too. How did I miss these?
You silly Goyim ninny.
Someday Our Peace Will Come - Ellyn Maybe
I’ve recently noticed a lot of people aspiring to be like Biblical figures… me for example- I aspired to be like the Proverbs 31 woman. Samuel, David, Ruth, Esther, Mary, Peter… It’s great to have a role model. But people, I think we’re missing the point. Re-read Matthew 18… Look at Peters words… Who did Peter model himself after? That’s right- Christ. So why do we settle for human, fallible examples to follow? Why aren’t we striving to be like Christ instead of striving to be like someone striving to be like Christ? Are you following me?
14For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty.
stitch the pleats closed on the curtains she made.
This concept of a shared language dividing two people was hitting our little tableaux. As my lovely wife tried to understand what the Pardo’s woman was saying, the order-taker asked in a tone and style similar to explaining math to a first-grader, ¿Como va a pagar?, which comes out to be “How will you pay?”
Rehearse. Write a scene using first person, then third-person limited, then omniscient. What feels right?
15. Gum or mints? Gum.
Here is the cost breakdown of my 6 sandwiches:
The Court didn't care much for these types of patents, and they made this clear - over and over - by citing examples of trivial patents throughout the arguments, almost as a taunt to Bilski's counsel in the hopes that he would eventually stop mid-argument and acknowledge "you know what, your honor - that's a pretty stupid invention right there; someone would need to have their head examined before filing a patent application on that." Some theoretical patents proposed by the Justices:
3) Take the maximum 6 classes per semester and attend classes through the summer of 2013 to graduate at the end of December next year. That would be 5 classes in the Fall of 2012, 5 classes in the Spring of 2013, 3 classes in the Summer of 2013 and 5 classes in the Fall of 2013 = 18 classes. Ugh. Then that means that I would graduate with my B.S. and be able to take the state exams and…earn a teaching degree in the middle of the school year when no one is really hiring and still have to wait 5 months for most openings to come up. That would give me time to take state exams and earn my certificates and perhaps substitute teach to get my first classroom jitters out of the way? Maybe I could find a long-term substitute teaching job. Maybe someone will get pregnant and need maternity leave and I can take over while she’s gone. I could be a usurper! Lol.
Many of those costs have dollar signs in front of them, such as the higher health insurance premiums everyone pays to cover those extra medical costs. Other changes, often cost-neutral, are coming to the built environment in the form of wider seats in public places from sports stadiums to bus stops.
Since then, we've done scavenger hunts around the village, visited the Fire Station, Police Station, had the Teddy Bear Hospital Visit us, as well as the Animal Hospital, we've written to Brownie Packs in New Zealand and Ireland, make pancakes on the top of baked bean cans, we've done chip and welly walks in the winter in the dark and in the spring in the lovely sun, we've had bonfire parties with edible fireworks and sparklers, numerous Christmas Carol services at the local church, carol singing at a local nursing home, celebrated the Pack's 35th birthday, created individual time capsules for the girls, marched proudly through the village on Remembrance Sunday, done time travel (!), looked after our hearts, made Mother's and Father's day cards and presents, learnt about the stars, line dancing, to play the ocarina - ear plugs definitely needed! - visited our local windmill - not to be done again I might add - had a go at archery, had swimming parties, roller skaing parties, created a centenary collage, hama beading, peg knitting, made tiara's, had a go at hula hooping, had a scooter and bike race night, been on Pack Holiday 5 times and slept at the National Space Centre, and our best experience so far, visited London - No.10 Downing Street and Buckingham Palace!
Allingham had been a master of his dying craft. His serial stories had usually been the lead items in all of these ephemeral, cheaply produced papers: millions of readers had speculated eagerly what might happen next yet none of them would have known anything about the person behind the fiction. Not even his name. There were no obituaries or even foot of the page notifications when he died. For his readers he had only existed as ‘the author of …’– and the title of his most recent serial for that particular paper would be included. He was never identified but was defined only in relation to his own works. If it had not been for his daughters’ devotion in preserving box-fulls of his typescripts and some file copies of the periodicals in which they appeared, Allingham would be completely forgotten – as are the hundreds of other writers and illustrators who worked in this hugely popular field. Allingham represents the modern Anon. How many soap-opera listeners either know or care who contributed a story-line or wrote each individual episode? The creator is an intrusion; reality lies in the fiction.
1 luck
Terms & Conditions:
The police say there were 1,500 EDL supporters in the town, plus another 1,000 in the Unite Against Fascism counter-demonstration.
half-boots – an ankle boot. Of sturdy leather for outdoors or velvet/satin for evening.
Fuck my now-abbreviated life.
Damien W Riggs is a lecturer in social work at Flinders University. He publishes in the areas of critical race and whiteness studies, gender and sexuality studies, and parenting and family studies (and the intersections of these three areas). Titles include Priscilla, (white) queen of the desert, Becoming parent: Lesbians, gay men, and family, and What about the children! Masculinities, sexualities and hegemony.
Her survivors include her loving wife of 7 years, Joanne “Jojo” Cleary; one sister, Eunice D. Zirbel of Green Bay, WI.; two brothers, Lionel H. Dahmer of Portage, WI. and Thomas Dahmer of Dunedin, FL.; one step-son, Jack of Buffalo, N.Y.; one step-daughter, Christen of Sylva, N.C.; four step-grandchildren; and two labrador retrievers that she loved dearly.
EDITOR: How much?
I'd love to hear from readers and fellow Jack Cole fans as to whether this ad appears to them to be drawn by Jack Cole.
The Tigellans lived underneath the surface of the Tigella due to the dangerous plant life on the planet. Their society is split into two classes. The Savants were the logical scientists of the Tigellans who ran the planet and wanted to study the Dodecahedron. The Dions were the religious Tigellans who worshipped Ti the Dodecahedron which is believed to be a holy object.
It is a very rainy summer day here and I am procrastinating, so what better way than by blogging!
David and Andrew Ong (2 Brothers) with the award for best Victorian Beer
(An epilogue from LTG describing the Classical view: "Truth is there and you just have to look at it.")
I'll often find myself stricken with panic that by the time I want to return to work I will be roughly 28 years old. I know, I know, 28 is not old...it's not that which panics me. It's the idea that in reality, who is going to want to employ a 28 year old with a degree nearly a decade out of date and whose only paid practical experience is in retail?! A retail manager probably...Alongside this, whilst I have always known that when I had children I would want to stay at home and look after them, my decision to do so often makes me feel alienated and immediately stigmatised by society and sometimes I can't help but think it will also make finding employment, not impossible, but definately difficult in the future.
"Well, funny that, 'cause I live in The Willamette Valley" my new found American friend declared.
It might not be the best commercial ever. That’s for history to decide but it’s certainly the best re-branding of a product I ever remember seeing.
If I hated a certain race, I might do that. But I am not doing that. Anti-whites are doing it to White people in all White countries and only White countries.
DURING:
ATTORNEY: So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when
#2. Breakfast in the kitchen– my “fave”* Blackberry scones, sunshine and making plans for the day. Perfect.
But there's more!
Jo had a nephew across the river in China, and there was food there, they knew it was a huge risk, but they had to try, or the whole family would die. They set out and snuck across the border, fording the Tumen River to China. They made it and were stunned at the abundance of food, they had never before seen a rice steamer, and there was so much food they didn’t know what to do. One week later they returned home with many bags of bulging rice for their family, they would make two more trips for provisions.
to the greener shore
Mass immigration, never in any state agreed to by democratic vote, is replacing the native peoples of Europe and those of European origin across the planet. Britain and North America are predicted to become majority non-white states at some point between 2050 and 2066, and the same will apply to the rest of Europe, with the possible exception of northern Russia, by the end of the century.
I have two suggestions besides making sure you write as simply as possible.
05: Roots In Stereo - 7:09
I’m getting used to how much the calves change in the first few days, from sleeping most of the time at first, to getting up and playing with each other. What do they experience as they jump in the straw? At first Albert and Blue seemed to be a tight pair, but now Charlotte has joined them. And it’s interesting to see their different personalities (cow-alities) developing. Blue is a bit more cautious than the others, and I’m curious to see how she’ll change as she grows up.
Personally, I would not finance a movie directed by some criminal who drugged, raped and buggered a 13 year-old girl and then fled the country to escape justice – and I know something about financing films involving criminals. But Polanski’s showbiz friends seem to think an ‘artist’ of his ‘stature’ (an ironic description, given that he is vertically-challenged) should be forgiven for what they see as a past minor crime. They and I perhaps have different opinions on that – and on our choice of meaning for that crucial word ‘minor’.
at daybreak,
Shock absorbers work in two fertility cycles ie periods of data compresion in addition to extension cycles.
I think many people live with a kind of homesickness; a sweet nostalgia which they can't quite put their finger on as if they were once in a place that they can't quite remember but desperately, somehow, want to get back to.
Est. OG: 1.046 SG
That’s why it is so interesting as we are studying the book of Esther and we find a spiritual chronology that has led us right up to the great tribulation period. And then we find these dates. The decree for the destruction of the Jews is given on the 13th day of the 1st month. Esther has not been called in to the king for “these thirty days” leading us to the 13th day of the 2nd month. A period of 3 days of fasting has taken us up to the 16th day of the 2nd month as Esther enters into the king’s inner court. Very close. But again God is precise. Yes, the Lord is extremely precise. Let’s read what happens next in chapter 5 of Esther:
I would also love it if you would spread the word and help me win this thing!
As I slowly continue my research in may spare time, I would love to know more about the goals, values and particularly the driving beliefs and assumptions of the Indonesian English-language schools and the “gifted” programs in New York and elsewhere in which a subset of the population is given a special type of academic training that most of the society does not receive. Of course, these would not be the only schools embedded in a system of indirect or unintended consequences.
That being said, we at Hoosier Beer Geek have fond memories of Dark Lord Day's tailgating aspect. So two-and-a-half years ago, we began a semi-annual Hoosier Beer Geek tradition in the vein of Dark Lord Day tailgating: our Tailgate for Nothing event.
As I get older, I’m noticing more and more physical similarities between my immediate family and myself. Our feet for example. We all have almost the exact same feet: Toes evenly proportioned, our second toe is not longer than our big toe, our nails are thin and delicate and perfectly cover the tip of each phalange. Our feet, when properly manicured (which rarely happens) could quite possibly be model feet for a lovely pair of open toe heels, or flip-flops on the beach. There are no webbed toes among us, which is one of the attributes I adore about my husband’s own feet. (I secretly think they have something to do with why he’s such a good swimmer.)
¨ J. Marie Croft
"Stop. Stop it. There, there is nothing wrong with my face..."
Members $5.00 Non Members $15.00
In honor of Cinco de Mayo – here’s a unique take on guacamole. It’s basically an Italian-ish version of guacamole. I made this last year for a few of my friends….we ate it with crusty Italian bread….so delicious. You can also serve this with chicken breasts, chips, or veggies. Seriously….so good.
I sat down determined to fight laziness. I stared at the blank page and imagined the face of my teacher. I imagined her scolding me for not doing my homework, and I immediately had an incentive to write. My pen was about to touch the page, when my eyes fell on one of the thick books that I brought. Stupid, I thought, I should be subjected to a full mental check-up. Better yet, I should be sent to an institution for severely ignorant beings. Why? I had mistakenly taken my Birthday Secrets book instead of my thesaurus.
This year, there is going to be a two-hour Awards show – well, maybe ten minutes of actually awarding Awards in the middle of a two-hour comedy variety show – at the Edinburgh Fringe on Friday 26th August.
We are hoping a heavy participation. So, keep your requests flowing and let us begin the chain. To start the chain, Priya and I will be sending each other mystery ingredients and then we will match with 2 bloggers each and proceed with the chain.
His stand on Civil Liberties - No one is speaking up for the Constitution and American people like Paul. For years in Congress, he has spoken out against many of the policies implemented that have little by little, piece by piece, dismantled or interfered with our Constitutional rights and freedoms. This has largely gone unnoticed by most Americans, because they simply are not paying attention, and have not experienced a direct consequence up close and personal because of these policies. Once someone understands the ramifications of NDAA, the TSA, Patriot Act, and the doors that are opening up for future actions because of the groundwork that has been laid, where this can lead and how it can change our country, it is hard to ignore. Most Americans refuse to entertain the thought that this could ever happen here. They want to believe that the America we grew up with will always be there. Our rights will always be there. And that we are safe . Like the old saying goes - You may not realize what you have until it’s gone.
What changed?
Let me repeat: If you give Him an honest opportunity and Jesus doesn’t prove Himself to you, then I believe you have a legitimate reason for rejecting Him. Jesus proved Himself to me!
Make the second layer slighter smaller...lift without detaching and repeat with a smaller circle of frosting to complete the third tier.
Thank you so much for being the best family ever....I love you all and miss you so much! I couldn´t stop smiling when I read each of your emails....it made me soooo happy! Keep enjoying life and being happy and remember that I love you so much!
and proceeds upstream to Siem Reap in Cambodia or the
*Food cravings?: Water and fruit....no real cravings and still feel sick if I eat the wrong thing or too much. I carry my big cup of water with me every where I go....
So you'll go VERY quickly through the Third Square--by railway, I should think--and you'll find
I commit to walking here as breath as stability where I direct my actions where these are no longer influenced, directed and controlled by experiences of myself that are symptoms of abusive systems that do not support life.
a) Terms or expressions of a particular group or field exclusively
Like the prelude to Roman decline and fall when successive emperors and the Senate prescribed bread and circuses as an opiate for the masses, our opiates – television, supermarkets, football games and expensive toys – provoke a ‘dumbing down’ fueled by corporations with political power and access to billions. We are not encouraged to draw lovingly from our past in order to find a gentler path in our future. We are not encouraged to question where we are going; where we as a global community might genuinely contribute to the care of our planetary mother, to save her from destruction; where we her children might become reborn, rise from our own ashes. As Carl Sagan says, the Universe is within us. We are capable of so much more than we allow.
Same old, same old!
Olivia did as told.
FAITH. In order to make right decisions you have to have at least some kind of faith into something that is good. If you are going to tell me that you don’t believe in God, that is your choice, but in order to succeed you have to have faith in something that is good. Do you have faith? I’m sure you do even if you say you don’t because if you don’t what exactly drives you to be successful at your workplace? When things get tough aren’t you motivating yourself to success? Aren’t you having faith in the fact that everything will work out alright? Some people have faith while saying that they don’t which sounds ridiculous to me. Having faith is essential for success in your emotional and physical development.
The internment of the American born Japanese during World War II is handled with honesty and rare dispassion. It is certainly to Monica Sone's credit that she she still sings God bless America.
I let them bring in whatever food they like (which seems to just be endless bags of Haribo sweets - which I keep calling "lollies" even though it earns me weird looks) and we sit and watch a film.
"On the plains of Texas riding my two horses. A little more practice will improve your skills."
12x12 Whisper White Cardstock
If you don't know what it means to RAF (1) you have to check out her post to find out, and (2) you might be one of the young people I mention below, in which case, I hope my little thesis here is proven wrong.
For bedtime reading I have been reading the lambing sections in all my sheep books. Last night I was reading Ron Parker's "The Sheep Book". I learned that last night when the milk bag is hot to the touch, lambing is less than 36 hours away. So this morning I went out and touched Draga, Eirina and Lifa's udders. Only Draga's is hot to the touch. So there, is your first bit of sheep birthing trivia.
What do you think? Leave your comments below!
a bird gracious
Even if it's an idea I might not get around to finishing anytime soon, or not at all, it's nice to have reference other than my memory which ain't what it used to be. ;-)
5 open
Upon running a fair distance from the tomb, our intrepid hero turns around to view the small uninteresting tomb. Just in time to see the sand around the crypt ripple and release hundreds of thousands of mummies and Jackal. Jack decides that running is once again his best option.
Hinting at the interior minister, Sharif said that if the “IG of liars” gives any evidence which proves the involvement of him or the Sharif family in corruption cases, then he will not only “tender resignation from the responsibility of chief minister Punjab” but also leave politics.
As the title Hero Mama suggests, Karen clearly sees, and writes out the story of her mother as the hero. Her mother who in spite of all her weakness and sin, chooses to do what is best and good for the family. Becoming a registered nurse through grit and determination, God’s grace being at work to see her through so that the destruction of war did not have the final say. And her sacrifice–one example: not marrying because she did not think this one she loved would love her children–with a good ending.
Myth #6 – Introverts always want to be alone.
It was quite addictive, actually, and I had to stop myself from drinking too much, too fast. I wanted to enjoy it, at $9.50 for the six-pack. Plus, the almost 9% alcohol content warranted a bit of patience in drinking. Something about that combination of the caramel/toffee, dried fruit, and scotch-style "zing" made me want to keep putting more in my mouth. The high alcohol content created a warming sensation in the belly, and that lasted for nearly an hour - very much like drinking real scotch.
Well, a month has passes, and I've not been very good in keeping the posts coming. To be honest, after spending half the day job hunting, sometimes the whole day, I'm not too keen on sitting in front of the laptop anymore. The good news is that with less computer work, my shoulder is improving no end, and it hardly hurts anymore :)
Greenwich provided the state with $758 million, or just over 14 percent, of its income tax revenue in 2007, the most recent year that figures were available to the eight-municipality planning consortium.
So for her final task Venus ordered that Psyche go through the underworld and ask the queen of the dead, Proserpina (Persephone who we've already talked about a while back) to place some of her (Proserpina's) own beauty and place in a special box. The only problem is that Psyche didn't have any reasonable idea to get to the Underworld. In fact, her plan to get there was pretty stupid and insane.
graveyard movie!!! THE LAST ONE OF THE SUMMER!!!
In 1632, gold was first mined, leading to further discoveries of extensive copper deposits. Towards the later 1600s, copper was exploited with the name “Cobre Caracas.” These mines became property of Simón Bolívar’s family.
As a staunch advocate of Good Beer I often find myself in the company of average folk who love their beer but really don’t know how it’s made, who brews it and where it comes from. The conversation usually comes around to a discussion of the difference between ‘regular beer’ and ‘that boutique stuff’.
Factual errors aside, Bob Dylan's 1963 protest song "The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll" brutally illustrated the fatal violence that can be visited on poor African-Americans with scant penalty for the guilty.
And the corollary: Jews are the most favorably treated minority of all, therefore they are the most difficult and dangerous.
It was quite busy at the Tap but not unpleasantly so, and I didn't have to wait too long to get served. The problem was, there was just too much nice beer to choose from. U opted for a half each of the Dark Star Sussex Extra Stout and Hardknott Atomic Narcicuss. The problem was, I also wanted to try the Dark Star Dark Lager, the Cromarty brewing co coffee infused stout and the Dark Star Revelation IPA that I had heard so much about. Why so many good beers The Tap?!?
PUG Meetings- sponsored by Pictage but open to everyone, these are great for meeting your local wedding & portrait photography community, sharing business ideas, and connecting with other professional photographers for assisting or second shooting trades. Each local PUG has a different feeling and community, which you'll learn more about after visiting a couple times. If you're a wedding or portrait photographer, this is a great free resource and way to connect with other professionals in your area:
I am working on some hand made accessories for everyday things, Cell phone’s, money, keys. Also working on American made denim too.
“A 300. Right. I’d place you at around 72, tops.”
The latest S&P / Case-Shiller numbers, reported last week, show that prices in 20 major markets declined 3.5% over the year through February. They’re now back to 2002 levels. If we subtract for inflation, they’re back to 1998 levels.
Dinner: 280 calories
Mary: "Dr. Grumpy's office, this is Mary."
_____Some guy next to me told me that he really likes my balls. After beating the living shit outta him, I remembered I was in a bowling ally.
Today I had a nice visit with three very talented painters in my loft. They teach me a lot about marketing and I host them, so it works out very nicely. We meet once a month for our chats in my studio. We have a blog too and I post a weekly suggestion post and they post various things too and ask me questions. This project has been very successful. Our time together is speeding by. We are already 4 1/2 months into the year long project. It is one of the most fun projects I've ever had. A harmonious group eager to grow together. I may do this project again next year.It's a good way to contribute something to the art community.
It actually made me like it even more....oooooo oooooooo and she's buying a stairway to heaven...( had to bust out in song for a minute)
The photo of cherry blossom dating by Park Yoochun and Han Ji Min was made public.
In the book I answer the lies that Jesus didn’t exist, that Christians oppose progress, are scared of science, that they’re obsessed with abortion, that they’re racist and supported slavery, that Hitler was a Christian, and so on.
I apologise, it has been a while since the last Developer Blog Banter. I was too busy getting my applications ready for the launch of Windows Phone 7.
But then, if Slogdoom is not your style, there is always the royal soap opera with the added value of a little doggie. With animals and royals in the same piece, you can't go wrong.
And our third sponsor is...
My other main work in progress is to make some extra mini quilts - I may possibly need some extras for my friends. And I need a travel bag, accessories for my sewing supplies (I just realized Katy might be somewhat responsible on that front too) and there are a couple of young women I might need to finish presents for. I will be sewing this week and weekend, when I am not working like mad. It is all so worth it - I will soon be in London.
Having studied Spanish for 7 years now, I have been exposed to all the culture and music and love it! Mainstream music has also created a space for Latin artists to thrive. I think for all these reasons, “Mehki Mehki,” from the film Game, is a song I love to drive to. My only problem is that the song has an obvious Latin flair, but they throw in the Arabic word “Habibi.” #crossculture #confusion
Beware of the bull!
OK fine. You know those big innertubes you use for river rafting, and how they'll get a weak place in the rubber and get this big weird bulgy part that bloops out? That's a diverticule. Or it would be if it were a colon. And what we should all take away from this is that you should never use your colon as a form of alternative watercraft.Of course you should bring your colon along; your colon wants to have fun too, but I mean you should use an innertube, and if in the interim you should have cause to use your colon, then for the love of Pete go ashore. It would be gross if you just stayed there floating down the river grunting out a dump. Instead, do like we did back when I was a kid in Oregon: crap in the front seat of someones car. Some moron always forgets and leaves their window rolled down; it's private, and it's a hell of a lot more convenient than duckwalking up and down the bank all bent over looking for a restroom since most rivers don't have them. The river will still be there when you get back, and nobody will know it was you who hung a loaf on their front seat because you'll be way downstream by the time they find it.
In Japan, the idiom equivalent to “piece of cake” is actually “before breakfast”, or 朝飯前（あさめしまえ、asameshimae, ah-sah-meh-shee-mah-eh). The reason behind the usage of “before breakfast”? So far i’ve asked, nobody knows… (well at least, nobody in my dorm knows) =x
The employee who interviewed Melton recommended her for hiring. But a supervisor wrote in an email that she accidentally sent to Melton that she shouldn’t be hired because she is black and overweight. The supervisor added that the email should be deleted.
Here are the resources for the tools I used:
Going to be fun. Going to be fun. Not fun last night, not fun the other 11 times it happened. But someday. Someday.
I think it is sad sometimes how life can come at us. Our family has been having a pretty rough time of it lately and grieving is something we're doing a lot of.
Ideas of high school are a year away, so right now, we will continue to enjoy the marvelous gifts that life continues to give us, keep searching for adventures that nourish us and be happy that we have been given the gift of unschooling. As I told my daughter yesterday, she will still be an unschooler even if she goes to high school because she is choosing this path for her education and she knows she can change it again at any point.
Jenn and I got some great lettuce, carrots, purple onions with long green stalks on them, and some mesquite flour. Mesquite can be used a bunch of ways in the kitchen, is gluten free, and has an almost chocolate coffee sweet taste to it. Organizations like Desert Harvesters collect what is cast off in our neighborhoods and grind it up. If you are non-local and want to try some, go to mesquiteflour.com. They are a southern Arizona company, and they can ship to anywhere. We put it on some steaks last night as a flavor rub, and it was awesome.
The pub has a pretty standard menu for food except for fish where it has an extensive range for the freshly caught seafood of Tenby.
i just knew that right then that i didn’t want to leave.
And the gig is not only fun, but it's completely stress-free too.
All in the numbers, hers are some other fascinating facts from this infographic:
I already talked about this a couple weeks ago, so go look up Part 1 and Part 2. You can also buy kits for making Ukranian Eggs that have a special heated wax applicator that gives you super-fine lines. I've never used them but the concept seems simple enough.
- All work is seed sown. It grows and spreads, and sows itself anew. ~ Thomas Carlyle
Many millions of households in the United States use wells as their main source of water. Wells extract water from aquifers, which are underground layers of earth, gravel, or porous stone where ground water accumulates.
Complete understanding results in acceptance and adjustment happens instantly. The tenderness one feels when this process is complete is incredible. No nagging doubts, no concerns of right or wrong, a complete peace descends. Not only is the distance between two parties is closed but also the huge distance we travel between the 15″ space of Head and Heart closes as well as they merge in the flowing Love and vulnerable tenderness.
Sure, I accidentally dyed my hair late 1990s magenta (all I need is a pair of olive green Doc Martins and a chain necklace and it is like I am 15 again). But it will wash out (here’s to counting the 28 washes).
Bronze: Laughing Lab Scottish Ale, Bristol Brewing Co., Colorado Springs, CO
I’ve said it before (Aberdeen European Song) and I’ll say it again. I hate ginger pop. Ed Sheeran would sooner write a strongly worded protest letter to overthrow the Burmese junta than throw a tranny through a window. I want my singers to RAWK!
So, should the church connect with the movement?
She won’t be moving in with us until probably the middle of May almost . . . it’s going to be a long wait!
Anyhow, this "vest" is actually the shell of a sweater set and I was just standing in the closet this morning and thought it may work as a vest with my lightweight tie neck top. To my surprise and happiness, it did!! These pants are just so comfy--they're a little large but I never got them tailored but they just kinda drape perfectly. A great Hilton Head find a couple years ago--I cant wait to find more good buys this year! My other objective this morning when getting dressed was something I could throw jeans on with and look cute for an alumni event after work. A simple vest, shirt and heels fit the bill!
The poor camels are an element of strangeness brought by the expedition to Australia from India at enormous expense. Moorehead writes that “by the end of the century there were 6,000 of them” in Australia, but they were rare by the time of his visit in the 1960s (Ch. 15, 203).
They start to slide rather rapidly after BB7 (not helped by the Jade Goody row that happened) and they’re the worst ever on C5. I understand that C5 are over the moon as they’re getting extremely high ratings in terms of their channel and the rest of their ratings but… just look. A show which consistently got around 4 million viewers is now struggling to reach 2 million. It’s not the end of the world but it’s definitely the end of ‘proper’ BB. And that brings me to this last quote…
When you are trying to sell your home, you should put a reasonable price on it. Get a list of comparable sales in the neighborhood and choose the median price. By pricing your home at an amount that is too high, it’s likely that you’ll have to decrease it.
Fri: 8:45-9:15- dog jog.
Which is a shame, especially considering Bermuda's history and heritage. Founded by the English and still part of the United Kingdom, Bermuda is home to a handful of British-style pubs, which strictly speaking should probably be deemed more authentic than most such taverns found off the Queen's immediate turf. How appropriate, then, would it be to find quality British ales (to say nothing of cask-conditioned real ales) in the Bermudian environs, even if weather concerns demanded more in the way of easy-drinking Milds and Bitters, as opposed to Porters, Old Ales and the like.
‘Well, You remember last year?…’
I built up 4 Zapdots in the center of this wreath to base the center embellishments off of. It is so sturdy and nice and tall. The adhesive on these puppies is strong and lasts forever! I have not hand any of these release their adhesive like I have with other brands of foam dimensionals.
To sear the past that was betrayed and doomed
Tom and I used to do cultural theatre visits, occasional pub visits and long difficult walks. One so difficult that my legs wouldn’t accept it. Cross fell in February. Miles of wet wet bogginess and boots suddenly so heavy that 2/3rds up I could go no more. There were some amazing walks that I did complete, however, like Helvelyn twice and loads of less demanding walks in the North Yorkshire Moors; usually ten or twelve miles, but not so challenging as those in the Lake District. Eating a pork pie after the walk in Goathland.
Dear Member-Owners and Friends of Black Star Co-op,
Click on this link on how to take advantage of Stampin'Up promotion.
Pour the remaining 1/4 C sugar in a small bowl. Take a heaping tablespoon of and form into a ball. Coat the ball in sugar by rolling it around in the bowl. Place on an ungreased cookie sheet about 2 inches apart.
Chakki ben chakki ben
I don’t know who drew this cover, but it smells like McGinnis to me. Does anybody actually know?
In short, I know tremendously little about the BWA and its operations, and have no reason to think that its activities are any less honourable than our own. If its model is non-conventional, that’s fine too.
Vomiting doesn't make me feel better, mostly, but is sometimes unavoidable. I don't like feeling like this at all. I should be grateful for the symptoms, but not only was I unable to go into work this weekend, I have no idea how I'll make it tomorrow. The balance of work and this illness is terrifying to me when I need to prove myself and feel so utterly behind and so physically incapable.
It’s all very confusing. This reality TV business will mess you up if you’re not careful.
and now you know why.
I didn't find the lack of evidence surrounding Shakespeare frustrating, quite the opposite. I don't think a bit of mystery does Shakespeare any harm, in fact if anything it enhances his appeal. Too often when you find out a little too much about a great man or woman you realise they were only human like everyone else and end up resenting them.
Quick summary: Cornelius, Zira, and Milo manage to salvage Taylor’s spaceship and escape before the nuclear bomb from BTPOTA explodes. They are thrown back in time to 1973 where Cornelius and Zira eventually become media celebrities and targets of suspicion from the government while Milo becomes the victim of an overzealous gorilla. They decide to hide the truth about Earth’s future, but the truth is eventually forced out of a now pregnant Zira. The president orders the baby terminated and the two sterilized, so they go on the lam. Both are eventually killed by federal agents, but their was safely stashed away in a zoo to prevent the feds from killing him.
The S3LF are going to make a pilgrimage to Ed Miliband’s Doncaster offices, where they shall create a shrine to Guru Ed. If you fancy joining us in worship then you can click here to download a free PDF of our ‘psychEDelica’ poster. Just add a few joss sticks(we recommend Nag Champa), some blooms and a few chants of…
with stormy palms churn, take control
Neglecting the earth he trod, and his scattered seeds.
On September 8, Jack went out in the neighborhood to play in the rain with some friends and his sister. He got too close to a swollen creek, fell in, and drowned. The loss has been devastating. We miss our Jack so much—every day. But we are comforted by our faith. Jack trusted Jesus Christ as his Lord and savior and so do we. He had even told us before the accident that he was not afraid to die because heaven is such an awesome place.
Are your worlds.
I’m really looking forward to it. I’m curious to see what it feels like and how I will cope. It’s a new experience and a challenge and that’s what life is all about.
1. His friend gave him a bottle of champagne for his birthday.
Teach children gospel principles. Teach them it pays to be good. Teach them there is no safety in sin. Teach them a love for the gospel of Jesus Christ and a testimony of its divinity.
Afterward, Caroline tells Max she printed more business cards so they could hand them out at the Williamsburg crafts fair tomorrow. Sophie then comes in and tells the girls she has a cleaning job lined up for them the next day and Caroline tells her they can’t do it. Oleg comes out and he and Sophie then argue about their sex life. Max compares the conversation to a dirty Downton Abbey. At the fair, Caroline is having no success at marketing the cupcake business. A girl from a funnel cake booth nearby comes over to complain and Max tells her to “stick her finger in a dyke”. I know I should be used to the tasteless jokes in the show, but I’m still surprised every time they go for a homophobic joke. Sigh. After that altercation, Caroline thinks about scaring the customers into having their cupcakes, so Max finally decides to call Sophie so the duo can take the cleaning job.
There are moments when I really, truly, do not care what my neighbors think. That happened to be one of them. I’m pretty sure they heard me at least two streets over.
As we drove out of Cortez our view was changing rapidly.
This amazing flying church comes complete with little wooden pews on the inside.
R osey red ‘most frozen cheeks
This is "Lilly Filly". She comes separately from the background. And when you buy her, you get two images for the price of one - one with her spots and one without. I thought it would be convenient for those who didn't want the added detail of spots. I put her in the background I created called, "Meadow Background" by merging the two images together in Photoshop. I printed the image onto watercolour paper with a laser printer, heat set, and coloured it with my Tombow Pens which are water based, and spread the ink with water on a paintbrush. I explain this colouring method fully in my Water Colour tutorials which are linked just under my blog banner at the top of this page.
Okay, I am in the organizing mode this month and have found a cheap solution to a storage issue in the kitchen. I will show you that tomorrow.....
Mythical people discovered:
The following health effects are linked with exposure to sulphur.
for several days the very depth of my eyes
Something was strange! The driver’s seat of the carriage was empty, the reins were draped over its back, and the brake lever was engaged. Tupper frowned in consternation. Where was Aurelius? Had he stopped to give the team a rest?
He said: "The other parties have said we were intimidating people but it was not true at all.
