But not when I'm at Costco.
"The Schechter Institute wants to provide a warm and welcoming environment for all of its students, but also adheres to the moral-halachic principle of 'a person should not deviate from the set ways of a place because of argument' (Mishna Pesachim 4:1). This means that one is obligated to respect the religious customs of a place that hosts him in order to preserve peace and harmony.”
I wish I were a fly on the wall when Carville got the news that Obama has come out for gay marriage. If there is any better example of Obama’s lack of connection with vast numbers of voters, Republican and Democrat, this issue displays it. There are limits to what Americans will tolerate and more than thirty states—and now add North Carolina to the list—have passed resolutions and laws banning gay marriage.
AR-7 Rifle — Making rabbits cower
She liked me enough to keep wanting to marry me every time she got the chance. I’m just guessing here, but I think we got married at least ten times, and for her the experience never got old.
Please keep us in your prayers as we wait!
Mongoose: Ooooohhhhh.
When a princess misbehaves, most kings and queens send them to their chambers. Not mine. No, my parents send me to the dungeons. And I don’t get to just sit there and “think about what I’ve done.” I have to clean. It probably says something about my temperament that we have the cleanest dungeons in all of Farfel. Even now, as I sat on my royal *ahem* and polished the bars outside the second-largest cell for VIPs only (Very Important Prisoners), I was hard pressed to find even one speck of dust. Of course, that might be because I’ve been on dungeon duty every day this week. (Let me just
Next time, we move in the big league, looking at the back end of the 20 greatest bowlers the game has ever seen. The penultimate part coming soon!
The same old fears.
Greg Hoy/Guitar, Voice. Rich Bennett/Bass. Dave Richman/Drums
I woke up to a beautiful, clear, blustery, cold morning. Last week when I ran Robie Creek there was a heat warning, and this morning I woke up to snow on the very same mountains I was just running Robie in. Crazy! Anyway, it was a perfect day to run. After all, in just 8 days I will be running a full marathon. I needed to get back out and run. I strapped on my shoes (I need new ones by the way), my warm running hoodie, my music and went out for a run. My goal today? Listen to my tunes and run a complete 5K distance without stopping.
*Copy of Hi-resolution images stored in DVD (to be given after the event)
Mrs. KT was nodding in complete agreement! (Side note that Mrs. KT does, in fact, have beautiful long dreadlocks that I adore!)
Whether you are officially homeschooling your child or just looking to give him or her a head start with languages, this is an easy-to-use and enjoyable program that will provide your child with a great introduction to Chinese as well as help him or her learn how to start learning a foreign language.
Heat oven to 225. Transfer beans to bean pot or crock pot, if using. Add pork and mix in. If using a bean pot or a dutch oven, bake 7 to 9 hours covered or until tender. If using a crock pot, cook on low for same amount of time. If possible, check on beans after 4 hours and add just enough water to cover (I didn’t do this and mine were fine). Uncover for the last 30 minutes of cooking.
cruelty.
My Solution
But as soon as he heard my accent, he smiled and became my pal.
She took my arm and we walked slowly toward the curb.
News Story of the Year:
Turner Broadcasting System, Inc., a Time Warner company, creates and programs branded news; entertainment; animation and young adult; and sports media environments on television and other platforms for consumers around the world.
So these are my rants/vents…and really it all boils down to (with the exception of the Duggars) this is why I need a job…it serves as a distraction from him and the antics, it will help me attain my goal of a Memphis vacation while allowing me to be busy and productive and it saves me from these ridiculous “dates”. Not to detract from them when they go well….quite lucrative and usually yummy food and a massage somewhere in there, but wading through the bullshit to get to the one or two “real” people out there is more of a job than an actual job.
The first one is what they say the second thing is usually what it means.
What in the name of Pacman are you smoking? This just in my fellow New Yorkers ; NOTHING HAPPENED! I'm more concerned about all this rain we are getting that's flooding the streets here every other day rather than this stupid crap. Hell, I'm more worried about Yellow Stone Parks volcano exploding. That's something to be scared about, not this. Not when we are 300 miles away and there are no tsunami warnings. And all of these stupid ass comments I'm getting :
I stopped her for a short chat and the inevitable question about whether she wanted to be photographed or not. I turned out that she was a model herself, that she was quite used to posing in front of camera and that she had a photoshoot planned for the same evening with her partner.
Blue - Green - White and Tan or brown.
We here at Leaders Centurions believe that there is something wrong with that picture. No one can and no one has ever fully realized the fullness of their vision from God and had a 9 to 5 job. It simply cannot be done. You cannot service thousands and hold down any kind of employment.
She loves to play with Flower and Lovey. She wants to do whatever her big sister is doing. She is always trying to get the Barbies, and her face lights up when she actually finds one unattended that she can get (before Flower figures it out).
are supine on damp logs, their chins held high
Lucky Records 0012
I love how much Peggy enjoys her button collection. I also love how much she enjoys her music collection and her Christmas ornaments.
Brodsky queried whether the change in the rate was a factor in potentially inflating the already truncated total of tax revenue.
The CDC states: "Only specific fluids (blood, semen, vaginal secretions, and breast milk) from an HIV-infected person can transmit HIV. These specific fluids must come in contact with a mucous membrane or damaged tissue or be directly injected into the blood-stream (from a needle or syringe) for
Chamomile for me, please
Name was called,
As we grow older we have more memories. Isn’t it wonderful that we have so many good and pleasant memories to help calm us during those idle moments? For Paul he would think of those believers in Pamphylia and the like. Now he was constrained to pray for them. His spiritual ministry goes on even in isolation.
Summary: Sharks often use the ”bump and bite” attack: The shark tests its prey by repeatedly bumping it. If the prey gives no dangerous response, the shark begins its attack — biting the prey repeatedly and viciously. It works for sharks, as it has worked for our leaders. Now the bumping phase ends and the attack begins. Attorney General Eric Holder explains the new order.
While I don't "oh-my-gosh-love-it"...it's a whole lot better than the carpet. I'm actually thinking about lightly sanding over the floor again, so it has a worn, walked on look, instead of a freshly painted look. It may take awhile to convince my husband to move and remove furniture for me to do it though.
And so did one other particular figure... who just happened to be a kangaroo.
Nightmare Movies: Horror on Screen since the 1960s; Kim Newman (Bloomsbury Publishing)
p 167 “Howard the Duck was a big hit with college kids in particular He even ran for president in 1976 only to be beaten out by Jimmy Carter, himself a living political cartoon. If Howard had set a precedent as America’s first entirely fictional president, we would now undoubtedly be living in a world where the White House was occupied by the Simpsons; perhaps it was that looming threat that mae the duck too dangerous to live. It’s easy to shoot a president or smear a civil rights campaigner, but how do you go about killing a comic-book character? How do you destroy the credibility of a decent, honest, hardworking duck? A bad movie, it turned out, did the trick.”
It was starting to get a little late and we were getting hungry so we found a 300 yen restaurant (all food and drinks are 300 yen). The drinks were a little less than stellar, but the atmosphere was nice and the food was really good. I ordered fried rice (which I have grown quite fond of since I have been over here), Jason got sweet and sour pork and Zach got cartilage. It was pretty weird, but kind of good in a way. I can’t say that I won’t ever try it again.
If you're just joining us, take a few days to watch through all the Quilt Along videos and Question Thursday articles posted so far. No, you definitely don't have to stitch through each tutorial to join in this week, but it will help to gain a good idea of the lessons and techniques we've learned so far.
Mike Cameron, you see, has a higher lifetime WAR than Jim Rice.
I read A Golden Age as part of Shannon’s Around the World in 12 Books Challenge – it’s not something I’d have normally picked up and read but I’m glad I did because it’s always nice to learn new things, even through the world of fiction. Most of this book is set around 1970-1971-ish when Bangladesh was known as East Pakistan, a provincial state of Pakistan. They provided a lot of the goods for that country, but received precious little in funding for schooling, hospitals, etc and the growing discontent among the population came to a head after the 1970 national elections in the then-East Pakistan. The landslide victory of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman caused uproar in Pakistan where it was demanded he form a coalition government. He refused and declared independence on 26th March 1971, naming the Peoples Republic of Bangladesh. Pakistan retaliated by invading to subdue the guerrilla forces, but after the nine-month struggle, Rahman was named prime minister of the new Bangladesh. Many people fled to the sympathetic India during the war, who also provided some military support.
However, one person who did not salute was Beeld’s third rate reporter, Neels Jackson.
We had heard on the grapevine that over the past few months, he had been found wandering around in what were a few new haunts for him.
Something had been taking bites out of him. Nibbled away his privates. Had to bury him that way, like he weren’t even a man no more, just a sexless slab of fish-food.
So yeah, super excited now. Can’t wait til I can try it out!
I haven't checked this out on snopes yet but the link is from the BBC I have posted it below:
B Side
So here are five of my favorite blogs EVAR:
I’ve also endured comments like, “Do you take your dog EVERYWHERE?” when I bring Dog along to pick up a kid from a playdate or a birthday party or as Dog and I wait in the carpool lane at school. And, my answer is, “Yes, I do take him everywhere I can." He loves to be with me and will go anywhere I want and be a happy, pleasant companion, which is more than I can say for other members of my immediate family who I cannot mention.
Daenerys Targeryen is settling in nicely in the city of Quarth, and is beginning to have fun with the idea of training her dragons. She has been given the title of Mother of Dragons, and as such, is incredibly sought after. The House of The Undying want her for their own, as does Xaro; the man who vouched for her at the entrance to the city. Xaro proposes marriage, ships and horses, but Jorah quickly advises against it as the victory would not be hers. There has always been a strong relationship between Jorah and Daenerys, but now there is the idea that he is in love with her. It is probably true – he knows her better than she would like – but it doesn’t seem likely that she will fall into his arms any time soon.
Married couples must be the primary object of the Catholic Church’s teachings on artificial contraception, since unmarried Catholics are presumed (and expected) to remain chaste and celibate, and should (ideally) have no need of contraception.
o Limit consumption of "energy-dense foods," foods that are high in calories, fat and sugar. Avoid sugary drinks
In a wide saucepan, saute onions in oil over medium heat until just golden. Do not burn.
The Book Maven's been away, sweltering in record-breaking heat in Italy. Then she came back and found it almost as hot here. Not to seem ungrateful, she is glad that it will be a bit cooler, with so many trips to London coming up.
Do you have ideas for the next Rising Tide conference? Wonderful! You're invited to share them at the next RT organizing meeting, which will focus on program content for Rising Tide 7.
a perfect setting for the sky scene I
“It’s difficult to imagine us allowing any other group of people to suffer this indignity and neglect, yet we know this is just the tip of the iceberg. Appalling treatment of older people in the health service is far too common.”
McDonald’s defense argued that the deceased’s prior assault convictions, the swastika tattoo and expert testimony about the incredibly disproportionate level of violence transgender people face provides crucial context to the case by demonstrating that McDonald had reason to fear for her life on June 5, 2011. The National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs reported in 2010 that “transgender women made up 44% of the 27 hate murders in the United States, while representing only 11% of total survivors and victims.”
Why is Iodine so important? Iodine is a mineral that is essential for proper thyroid function. Iodine, when combined with the amino acid tyrosine, produces vital thyroid hormones that control our metabolism, enzyme and protein synthesis, and are essential in the development of the skeletal and central nervous systems of developing fetuses.
I also get pundits. These funsters say the darndest things. Examples….easy….
Today this country's being mined
Cucapá Brewing Company Chupacabras Pale Ale
So just remember: the next time you hear catch-phrase A or catch-phrase B and it gets you worked up, consider the simple little fact that it might not be wholly accurate.
You probably saw what happened during (and mostly after) the hockey final on the TV news (wherever you are) so I won’t go on about it here. It was a shame though after so much excitement and pride in the city to end up with a load of smashing windows and nicking stuff (nothing political about this demo from what we could see – just good old-fashioned breaking things). Of course anyone of English extraction is used to being associated with sports and bad behaviour (it’s not so long since we were the “shame of Europe” on a regular basis) but it is the kind of thing that gets sport a bad name (and of course the hockey players being so violent on the ice probably doesn’t help in that area…). In Vancouver hearts seemed particularly broken because the city prides itself so much on its positives (being greener in every sense as well as being prettier, friendlier, more integrated, more easy-going than other places) and the window-smashing certainly tarnishes that view temporarily. In all honesty I would say it is a city like all others (many good points, but its share of problems too... like one of the original Skid Rows... still keeping to its original character, from what we could see). Plus we all have our off days… even the best of us. It should be added though that many Vancouver locals were out the next day cleaning up the streets and keen to show the world that this was not all their city was about - not at all.
19. Kai (predebut) & Taemin
“Dead calm”
I was introduced to scrapping in 2004, like many scrappers, from an in-home party. But I didn't scrap with real consistency until 2008, once my kids were a bit older and out of their infancy stages. :) As a graphic designer by profession, this hobby has brought me back to the fundamental reasons why I fell in love with design in the first place : paper, color, letter form and layout. My style has, of course, evolved from those early days. Now I would definitely say that I have a fun, cheerful, colorful and whimsical style. I LOVE to layer pattern, color and texture (especially with buttons, ribbon and sewing). I think it's safe to say that I love to embellish on my work. :) I currently design for American Crafts, October Afternoon, and am a Garden Girl for Two Peas in a Bucket. I've been fortunate to have had my work published in several magazines ranging from Creating Keepsakes, Scrapbook Trends, CARDS, Paper Crafts as well as Scrapbooks and Cards Today. I am from the beautiful state of Washington, but I currently live in a small quintessential New England town in Connecticut with my awesome husband of 12 years, our daughter, 9, and our son who nearly 6.
and she read books about
Information about the Qaddafi connection has been known by the Government since the fall of 1976. It was then that Kevin P. Mulcahy, at the time a partner of Wilson and Terpil, approached the C.I.A. and the Federal Bureau of Investigation with grave doubts about the legality and ethics of his company’s business dealings with Libya. Mulcahy, a former C.I.A. employee who had spent six months inside the Wilson-Terpil operation, would spend hundreds of hours, over the next few years, providing the Government with firsthand knowledge.
“Thank you for asking me, your Majesty, but I feel inadequate for so onerous a task. I’m sure there are lots of other men in Egypt who are more suitable.”
“Let us also lay aside every weight and sin which clings so closely, and let us run with perseverance the race that is set before us, looking to Jesus, the pioneer and perfecter of our faith” (Hebrews 12:1-2).
We see this later on in the Scripture, when God wants to make another person for Adam. First, He removes a part of Adam, and then that place has to be filled over with flesh. Of course, we see how Christ literally produced the Church from His own body, which was horribly mutilated to give birth to the saved.
Stay tuned, I plan to post another family oriented post later, hopefully full of news of good health and nothing icky.
to increase taxation in its American colonies. In so far as the British felt obliged to justify this at all, they argued that the colonists were the ones who had benefited most from the victory, saved as they were from the undoubted horrors of French rule. But the one great advantage the colonists had hoped
I broke the nice boy's heart the day after Christmas. He gave me another present, and I presented my case: maybe it would be nice if we could just be friends.
Just because I laugh a lot, it doesn’t mean I’m happy.
Enjoy your time on Clear Lake. You are great at leaving and sending notes to your Grandma and Grandpa there…so when you’re wondering if you should, send one more. You’ll find these in the cupboards of their home, tucked here and there, after they die and it will sustain you for years thereafter. Write the notes. Send the cards.
My blame dropped, my anger dropped, my fight against the body-shaking, soul-shattering rejection completely dropped. I was no longer fighting the outcome to this situation. Even more profoundly, I was no longer fighting myself for feeling like I did. It was just simply what it was. Peace enveloped me. I wish I’d known this for my first experience of heartbreak – but I am so deeply relieved I have learned it for my second meeting with loss.
It was hard to get in the Christmas spirit this year. There hasn't been snow for weeks. It feels more like March than December outside.
VAN ZYL KOOS and RETHA, 64 and 66, 2010-01-07 MURDERED TORTURED ON MEATHOOKS, FARM POORTJIE STEYNRUST SENEKAL, FREE STATE.http://www.volksblad.com/Content/Suid-Afrika/Nuus/2114/22cb0da821d84605847d51694aaa05e3/09-01-2010-05-33/LUR_skryf_wrede_moorde_toe_aan_morele_verval_http://www.beeld.com/Content/Suid-Afrika/Nuus/1928/ef6ae0259840479d8107ebdd0f1d1a0f/09-01-2010-01-33/Vleishaak-aanval_Ontstelde_boere_ruk_op_by_hofverskyning
In four hours, we had criss-crossed the park, riding everything we wanted to multiple times. My sister was great in that, while she didn't accompany me on most of the big coasters, she never complained about waiting while I rode them again and again. She's cool like that. We ended up going on rides we didn't really care about just for the hell of it. Same time next summer, definitely.
While the kids and I loved this cat, who is very sweet, fat, and well-mannered, he and my husband didn't get along. So after several months, I tearfully and guiltily took the cat back. I felt like such a bad mom.
“Prior to this decision, child murders in South Africa were decreasing to 1075 in 2005/06. They have increased every year since then to 1152 in 2006/07, and then up by 22,4% in the last year to 1410,” said Schafer.
After a while, it felt like my kitchen had no pulse. Sure, it looked crisp and clean, and sleek, but it had no heart, no feeling. So, up went some more stuff. I put postcards on the side of the refrigerator. My kids travel all over the damn place and have studied abroad. Being great kids, they send their momma postcards.
In an email to me concerning this, my friend Rees Lloyd said,
Spending the second weekend quite calm and mainly with one person was another great idea I had. Since the weather is a little undecided and changes from supercold to spring to windy to status "messing my hair up", I chose to wear some casual stuff once again. This pink splash in the middle of my black phase perfectly matched to my bag, which I haven't worn in forever (at least it felt like this when I discovered a receipt of my camera I bought last summer in it).
Pre-heat your oven to 150° C (with fan) or 160° C (without fan).
440g Whipped cream
My own experience sadly confirms the short-termism of Homo Canadensis. Way back when, starting my first job, I had the option of taking part in my new employer’s defined benefit pension plan. I didn’t. Why not? Because like most 20-somethings, I wasn’t too concerned about saving for retirement. After two years, my collective agreement forced me to join—subjecting me to forced biweekly deductions, about which I constantly complained. A few years later, I moved to a job with no pension plan. No more deductions! I felt richer. But I was really just spending in the present by borrowing from my future.
“It’s never to late to become who you might have been.” –George Eliot
– Consecutive losses in the Southern Conference tournament, 1961-1978: 17
SO… I applied for a Youth Minister Position in Bangor. Maine. This position has been open since I last looked at the Diocese of Joliet Website. I thought, Maine, Might be nice. Today I got so irritated with teaching applications that I sent a very sweet letter to the lady in charge of hiring. Maybe they will want me. Maybe I’ll be able to move to Maine, and I don’t know, somehow change the world. After all this is just another form of teaching.
Fact- The human body contains four times more lymph than it does blood!!…That statistic still blows my mind! I purposely throw it out there to being with in order to stress the mere abundance of lymph…which in turn should spark your interest about a fluid that literally saturates your entire body. If it doesn’t, I hear ignorance is bliss…continue!! For those looking to maximize every aspect in which you can ensure a happier, healthier, more fulfilling life, let’s start from the beginning.
So I decided that today felt like a good time to write about what's been happening in my life, how I've been doing, and all that jazz. Considering it's been a long time since I wrote about my life at all, I feel like there's a lot of catching up to do.
Donald (Thomas Brodie-Sangster) is dying of cancer. Though he rebels in a few generally harmless ways (some pot, a little graffiti), he’s more often than not quite detached from his sad reality, as he finds refuge in drawing. Most of his sketches involve the same few characters: A nameless superhero with a round scar on his chest, a bevy of busty and beautiful babes with tails, and The Glove, a maniacal villain with long, razor-sharp nails. These characters become so important to Donald that they begin to visit him in the real world, just as his parents start to worry that he’s becoming a little too obsessed with this hobby.
questions the tagger posted for you and create 11 new questions for the people
Anders Behring Breivik; born 13 February 1979, is a Norwegian terrorist, and the confessed perpetrator of the 2011 attacks in Norway. On 22 July 2011, Breivik bombed the government buildings in Oslo, which resulted in eight deaths. He then carried out a mass shooting at a camp of the Workers' Youth League (AUF) of the Labour Party on the island of Utøya where he killed 69 people, mostly teenagers.
1 .get stuck and have to rip out the stitches
I was reading the bible this morning and came across this verse that put things into perspective for me. These last few days, it has seemed to me that the world has been turned upside down. I was beginning to despair, until…
Nineteen eighty-nine was another annus mirabilis, with freedom breaking out all over, and in many countries liberal ideals were beginning to be realised. In China, however, the liberalism extended only to economic liberalism, and any manifestations of political liberalism were brutally crushed. And so I lost interest in China. And I realised, reading Mankell’s book, that I would not be able to name the president of the most populous nation on earth, and still know nothing about him or his career.
2 yards Black/White Polka Dot Ribbon in 3/8”
.out on the fringe
2. Beat butter at medium speed with an electric mixer 2 minutes or until creamy. Gradually add sugar, beating 5 to 7 minutes or until light and fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating just until yellow disappears after each addition. Stir in melted chocolate, chocolate syrup, and vanilla until smooth.
If you're in the market to buy one, you can google: hoop dancing hoops, or sport hoops. If you don't like that idea, you can be like me and make your own hoop. If you don't like any of those ideas, I can make a hoop for or about 30 bugs+shipping. Yeah, it's a lot of money for a hoop. But it's worth it.
Astrodeck has a Christmas SALE going on for until the 17th. Get to their online store while you can and score the best traction on the market. Pick up a pair of sandals so your feet are happy for this holiday season while you’re at it.
2) 5 Philadelphia Flyers 4 @ 4 Pittsburgh Penguins 3 F/OT, PHI 1-0
Plant breeders and nursery people know much about edible plants, but that information seldom reaches the home gardener. Did you know that cilantro is a short day plant that needs cool weather? Or, did you know those large beefsteak tomato varieties have many ovaries and most need warm humid nights to pollinate properly? How do you know which vegetables to grow in the winter, and which to grow in the summer? There’s a rule of thumb: If you eat the leaf, tuber, or flower bud, the vegetable prefers cool conditions. If you eat the fruit (ie. tomatoes and squash are botanical fruits) or the seeds, it needs warm conditions to produce well. Come and hear more! Rosalind is a garden and food writer, landscape designer, and a pioneer in the field of integrating edibles into the landscape. Her most recent book is Edible Landscaping: The New American Garden. Learn from the best! www.rosalindcreasy.com
Holy ways of living
Track 10: Coleman Hawkins' All American Four
I hope you all have a fun filled day! If nothing else, make up some new tin foil hats! Not sure the aluminium foil version will work right!
Mitt Romney made a great deal of President OBama’s open mike comment when in Russia and campaigned energetically on the moment. Foreign policy is one area that it has been established that all Presidents must operate in secrecy without showing their hand to the enemy. However, when it comes to elections and campaigns to openly lie to the American people on which areas of government the candidate plans on closing down is simply lying. There is no other way around it.
The approach is unusual, the narrative bold and exhilarating and this is before we have even reached the moment of Lazarus' death, let alone what comes after. The political and social pressures of the time will have their moment and we will learn just how parallel the lives of Jesus and Lazarus might be perceived. In fact, and here perhaps is the novel's boldest conceit, how can you be sure that you've picked the right man for the job? When Lazarus finds himself being interrogated after his return from the dead he states the bare facts of his existence in order to refute the notion that he might be the Messiah predicted in the scripture. But so closely has his life mirrored that of his best friend that his interrogator can only reply, 'Exactly. You're everything the scriptures said you would be.'
2.) Store bought reeds are mass produced. Oboe reeds are made of cane (Arundo Donax to be specific). This cane is cut and shipped in large tubes to the United States. Because cane is a plant, each piece is different. These differences MUST be taken into consideration when making an oboe reed. When oboe reeds are handmade, we can scrape on the reed for what it needs. If the cane is hard (meaning the fibers are closer together), we will scrape quite differently than if the cane is soft. You simply cannot mass produce oboe reeds with machinery and expect them to sound good. Because every piece of cane is different, every piece will vibrate differently. It takes a professional to understand how the cane is vibrating and scrape it accordingly.
I know you visit here.. not anything specific.. but from the number of regular visits at least ONE of hem has to be you.. the question I posed before to you and I pose again is WHY? Why come visit this blog if you have no interest in me… after 7 or 8 months do you really expect me to do something nasty… accuse you of things or make fun of you in some way… Lets get real Joey.. if that is what you look for you KNOW I wont do that… so what is it… I am not that great a writer.. as my agent keeps pointing out… but I am sincere in my feeling for you…. so.. does that make you feel good?? do you like the idea that I love you and can never bother you… that there is no commitment on your part.. no way to get your heart broken…. nothing you have to do or lose and still be loved…… I guess that could be nice.. but there has to be more…. and I have no idea what that could be…
I didn’t hear from Alex until 1:30 my time. (7:30pm her time.) She was on a shuttle to a hotel, provided by Air France. She told me that they put her on the same flight as today’s and yesterdays. Then we were cut off. I haven’t heard from her since. I did find out that that flight isn’t scheduled tomorrow. So, wth? Is she on standby? Is she on a phantom flight that doesn’t even exist? And why the hell is the air conditioning on after midnight at the airport. I’m sick to my stomach.
It is really sad Chetan Bhagat has shown no creativity in the novel. It is the same monotony. Corruption is shown heroic from the beginning and suddenly reverted in the end. I might sound very traditional but nevertheless, why is infedility shown so much but natural? The caption says, Love, Ambition & Corruption. Love is not portrayed, for infedility cant be love. Ambition is definitely there from all sides. Corruption, too.
1 requirements
island’s
Mrs Helen Harris, who paid a visit to the Potchefstroom concentration camp, stated: "Imagine a one year old baby who receives no milk; who has to drink water or coffee - there is no doubt that this is the cause of the poor health of the children."
We didn't really keep score. Everybody played hard. Nobody got hurt. And we had a lot of fun.
What does stand out is Earland's strong performances, especially on two lesser known Chicago tunes ("Happy Cause I Love You" and a "Lowdown" that is not Boz Scaggs's more famous hit, as the disc's liners imply). Both are punctuated for effect with a needless fuzz guitar. But it doesn't detract from the attractive energy the Earland-Laws-Morgan triumvirate achieves.
“Therefore I urge you, brethren, by the mercies of God, to present your bodies a living and holy sacrifice, acceptable to God, which is your spiritual service of worship.
The figures are stunning. The VA’s 2009 CHALENG report tabulates and calculates that there are over 107,000 veterans who are homeless on any given night. New reports put that figure at over 130,000, that one in three homeless are veterans. Add to these the numbers of veterans and their families who may have a roof over their heads, but may not have any food in the pantry. In this time of unemployment, veterans unemployment is greater in numbers and percentage than that of other men and women of the same age and education level. For whatever reason, veterans in this country are joining the ranks of those without homes, without jobs, without food and without hope.
This means, as the author, you would receive on your royalty statement (after you have earned out your advance of course), 10% of $24.99 which would be $2.49 for each book sold.
4. in another bowl, mix together all wet ingredients, except for the eggs
He’s afraid of it being dark in the house but not in his room. He slides his little chair under each switch and flicks them on and the house is as bright as a football field.
That's hot.
Today’s post is focused on Apple’s iOS, formally known as iPhone OS. I’ve been using iOS since its release back in 2007 and a lot of enhancements have been added (thanks in part to Jailbreak Developers) to the user interface over the years to make it the most popular app development mobile platform in the world. Notice I said, ‘enhancements’ and not ‘changes’.
a few cups of milk
Verily, those men whose sins are thus washed off succeed in attaining to heaven when they leave this world. In consequence of their association with persons that are righteous, through the especial efficacy of the earth itself of those spots and of particular waters, there are certain portions of the earth that have come to be regarded as sacred. The Tirthas of the mind are separate and distinct from those of the earth. That person who bathes in both attains to success without any delay. As strength without exertion, or exertion without strength can never accomplish anything, singly, and as these, when combined, can accomplish all things, even so one that becomes endued with the purity that is contributed by the Tirthas in the body as also by that which is contributed by the Tirthas on the earth, becomes truly pure and attains to success. That purity which is derived from both sources is the best.‘”
The thing I love learning the most about other marathon runners is not what their PR is or their next race, or what their training regimen is….rather, it’s learning about WHY they decided to start running. You just don’t decide to run 26.2 miles for the heck of it. Training for a marathon is a huge commitment day after day for several months…you’ve got to have some higher motivation. Something that drives you each day and gets you out the door, even if it means sacrificing sleep in the morning to fit in a run or doing it when exhausted after a long day at work. You just do it, and you don’t quit. When obstacles arise as they inevitably do, you find away around them and keep your vision on your ultimate goal. Running and training for a marathon is an allegory to life in general, which is why I find the stories behind people’s passion for running so interesting and inspiring.
“Inn meh” she said.
Knowing our penchant for quick fixes, schools from Fargo to Florida will probably start requiring kids to lace up their own skates. But wouldn’t it be amazing if parents started letting their kids walk to school again? If only because it’s good for their kids’ SAT scores? — Lenore
Chorus (25)
Onto this week’s challenge and the lovely Michele has set the theme and she has chosen “pink, pearls and lace” and we are expecting a lot of lovely girly creations this week! Don’t forget to be eligible for our prize draw you must use your Letraset products (i.e. pro, flex, aqua or tria markers) and of course follow the theme.
He started talking about Colin Powell and Congoleeza, and said
At Palazzo Orsini, Alexander shows Giulia a series of tunnels that lead directly to the Vatican. He tells her that, if she ever needs a friend, she’s to come right over and see him. She takes a minute to absorb that, then tells him he should feel free to do the same, if he wants to. I think they understand each other.
One thing Sara is particularly good at is bringing people together. In high school, she knew everybody, and has kept in touch with about 98% of them. So since she was in town, she miraculously tracked down a few other old friends who were now living in San Francisco, and we all met up with them at the Bigfoot Lodge on Polk Street. I knew Bigfoot Lodge previously from the one in Los Feliz in LA, and love it. What’s not to love about a bar themed like a hunting lodge, complete with animal heads and sasquatch statues that serves local beers on tap and has $2 PBR? It was amazing to see Laney and Kyna. We were all friends back in high school drama, and it was great to realize that those friendships we made then were lasting ones. That night I realized that I’ve been lacking a support group. I’ve been meeting some great people, but making friends is happening more slowly than I’d like. I t was wonderful to walk into a bar, sit now with people I haven’t seen in years, and to feel like no time has passed. I realized that I already had a group of friends up here without even knowing it. We pledged to get together again, so after I pick my twin sister Mel up from the airport tomorrow we’re going to do Bigfoot Lodge again. It shall be another memorable evening I’m sure!
This made me wonder why doesn’t the city of Baltimore invest in solar panels as a way to save money and make money… why shouldn’t we install solar panels on the roofs of our schools… or knock down the abandon houses and install solar panels to support the neighborhood rec centers or libraries….. just some ideas ……
John Ford's vision for "The Quiet Man" becomes another of his stories, when "America was right," and Ford keeps his secret for Henry: America's "full of folks who'll never be American," who will look at such depictions of America, and one day Ireland, as mythic victories against Apaches, Commies, or "bad palefaces." Henry eventually drifts off, discontented, and "stepping out of time" he expresses himself in confused time segments, as Doyle shuffles chronology around a few years here and there.
Councillor Cara McShane and other councillors have raised this problem and other site planning issues both at council level and with various government departments and agencies. Sometimes the response is too little; sometimes it is also too late.
Brush the seasoned butter mixture all over the outside of the chicken.
South Carolina – 28.5 percent, 29.0 percent
As we turned to begin our descent back down our makeshift ramp, Jane stopped and fished a blank cassette out of her pocket and inserted it into the recorder. I said something like "Hey, don't bother, we're leaving" but she informed me that she was going to leave the micro-cassette behind in RECORD mode. She set it down on one of the floorboards just inside the attic entryway. "Just to satisfy my curiosity," she said. And we left.
Orange
While all of this was transpiring, I was also doing battle with my house builder on getting some deficiencies repaired and a refund of overpayment for some upgrades that ended up not going in. They were always difficult to deal with as you could rarely reach them or they’d say they’d call right back and of course wouldn’t. I was given the run around being told I’d have to deal with someone else new, would have to go through the entire details again each time and it was frustrating. This had been ongoing since August 2002 to no avail.
And if training wheels are any tell,
If you’ve been on the job search for a while, it’s likely you have a good idea of things you should be doing to land a new job, such as optimizing your resume or building your personal brand online. Of course, you can’t get the job if you don’t make a great impression on your interviewer or potential employer.
Chop ham and pineapple into 1 inch cubes. Put ham and pineapple cubes onto skewers. Mix together lime juice and honey. Brush lime juice mixture over ham and pineapple. Heat on grill over medium high heat, until heated through flipping through cooking to make sure all sides get a good sear.
One of the other boys spoke, “For any interaction with any flagged shifter or,” the boy paused, “master. Oh.”
Serves 8-10.
Plato said the unexamined life isn't worth living!
(1) The April 4, 2006 photo array, which provided the only specific evidence used to indict the three falsely accused players and which Nifong had ordered the DPD to confine to members of the lacrosse team, did not violate DPD procedures, because many lacrosse players didn’t attend the party, and therefore these non-attendees could be deemed fillers. Confirmation for this “fact” came from a neutral source on the criminal case, Duke president Richard Brodhead.
3. Dump the dough onto a well-floured surface. Flour a rolling pin and roll the dough ½-inch thick. You should see lumps of butter in the dough. Cut 16 biscuits with a two-inch plain round cutter and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
:: Man. The new blogger format is totally messing with me. Of course right now I hate it. I always hate change. Maybe I'll get used to it? We will see...
I have enjoyed some really yummy meals lately, check them out!
This is the more established by looking at Acts 13:2
The book industry right now is in serious transition. Big stores like Borders and Barnes and Noble took over the marketplace some years ago - putting a lot of the indy stores out of business. I mean, who doesn't want to go to a big store with great coffee and a billion books? Problem is, evidently not enough people to keep all those stores open. Both big chains have struggled and now Borders is likely filing bankrupcy and closing 150 stores. (I'm praying for a last minute intervention, but it's not looking great.)
This is the first time Cheah has cooked with Rhubarb and she's created this wonderful rhubarb cake - scented with vanilla, cinnamon and orange and topped with cinnamon spiced sugared almonds. The cake is soft and moist as it uses yoghurt. I can imagine this would be great to share with a pot of tea or coffee.
I’d just returned from a wonderful conference the previous month, meeting new and exciting, like minded people which was something I really had needed and benefitted from. Peter knew many of those I’d met, gave me some lovely feedback that they found me to be a very nice lady, intelligent, etc. and that was so nice to hear! Really bolstered my confidence which had taken a bit of a beating over the past two years. He told me he intentionally stayed away from me in Cancun to see how I managed on my own not knowing anyone, he wanted to see what I’d do and to see who gravitated to me. I managed quite nicely, but was out of my comfort zone.
3. Pour into a colander lined with three layers of cheesecoth. Hang over bowl for several hours or overnight, until no more juice drips from bag.
Yes, Mother's Day feels like ages ago now. But this post has been writing itself in my head since then.
This morning, opinions leaned heavily on the “It should be cancelled” response. Some reported it as high as 82%.
If you’re just looking for something to look nice in your yard, you’ll want a flower garden. These are usually filled with perennial flower.
I see tons of Pinterest inspired Valentines floating around this year. I admire my friends who are making fish bowl cards and treat bags with mini-shovels and making heart shaped crayons and more. I'm not crafty, I don't have time, and I generally don't have the patience for that sort of thing.
The Festival Of The Frothy promises to be a night of beery excellence as trivia is contested, shared entrees and dinner are eaten, brewers and beer people are met and ... beer is drunk.
I've not much to say this time. Straight on to Kristen . . . . . . . .
Hi Guys, Tuesdays are Nadia's Design Team day to post.
John Coltrane - A Love Supreme - 1964
Guess whose oldest was old enough to compete this year? Yep-P! He only went to 3 of the six meets and did not make it to State, but I am so proud of him. I cannot believe he will be 12 in May-where has the time gone?
We ordered a large number of triple beam balances and microscopes today through the school ordering system. Woot! In the afternoon I ran around the city doing errands and simultaneously getting my run in.
To say that one beer was the star of the show would be ludicrous - everything was great (including the ridiculous sandwich above). While some beer did eventually run out - have you ever been to a beer event with endless selection? - the smiles on the faces of those around sent a clear message - this was another great event.
Barbadian recording artist Rihanna posed for photographers on the red carpet at the photo call and press conference for her new action movie ‘Battleship’ aboard the USS George Washington at U.S. Fleet Activities Yokosuka on Monday (April 2) in Yokosuka, Japan.
In the mean time, it's back to wedding business as usual, it's a relief to let the secret out!
Peyton Manning is now a free agent and reports say that 12 teams have already made contact with him. Miami and maybe the Jets look to be heavily involved in the recruiting process so it seems that there is at least chance that Manning lands in the AFC East. It would be significant, not only because he would improve the Jets or the Dolphins tremendously, but also because Manning would play Tom Brady’s Patriots two times a year. Here’s a look at the chances of Manning landing with any of the AFC East teams:
the authorities were baffled by the scene
Whatever you’re dreaming of, what if you did it now with the body you have now. What if you tried it, raised your physical voice, moved your body for the sheer joy of movement, right now. What if?
Well, I won't beat around the bush--I'm swamped. But it's the good kind of swamped. I love working with creative people who are doing things.
3. Chop the carrots, celery and onion into small pieces and in a large skillet or wok, saute them in hot olive oil. Add the crushed garlic, oregano, basil, salt and pepper, and allow to saute until the carrots are tender (about 15-20 minutes).
We must warn our children against wearing black in public. Wong Chin Huat has won support and respect for his imaginative and satirical idea of “1Black Malaysia”, for which he has been jailed. It seems our noble men in blue have been designated the Fashion Police, and are empowered to haul away people in black into Black Marias.
Good Saturday Morning everyone!
Needless to say the jeans didn't stay up for long and we had a bit of fun playing with it. Well Mitch did. I had fun dancing around from foot to foot.
We are organizing a new support network for metro Atlanta to:
I used Happy Hauntings to cut the double layer title, Spooky 2010. I used a black cardstock base layer and a scrap of paper printed onto archival paper using the Cricut Imagine (leftovers from a previous project). The Imagine is going to be a treasure trove of great paper!!!
Desperately needing her professor's approval, she has radical plastic surgery, vowing to get even with everyone who made her suffer. Cassie's physical transformation is obvious. She's gorgeous. What isn't so obvious is the metamorphosis that takes place within. Her goals change from innocent to insidious. Originally, she wanted to be respected as a world-renowned neurosurgeon. Being a good girl got her nowhere. Now, she wants fame and fortune and will not stop until she has it all.
“They try that on me all the time,” the wolf crowed in triumph. “Now let’s get the rest of them. You go around the house that way, and I’ll take the side you hid on.”
My friend smiled, and said: “Mary, you are biased. Actually you can see a beautiful sunrise as long as you are willing to travel a long way to the best site. Being bigger or more popular does not mean a better scenery. It all depends on you.”
The bus station likewise......
On the 27th of June 1953 Sir Winston suffered a stroke that left him paralysed down the left side. After, he told RAB Butler, “I feel like an aeroplane at the end of its flight , in the dusk, with the petrol running out, in search of a safe landing.”(6)
So leave your comments for a chance at a Wicked stamp set!! Thanks Nichole!
And give the letters which thou find'st about me
Because of this, either type of Oolong goes very well with the cookies. The lemony citrus bite of the cookie also highlights the floral notes of the tea. I think the lightness of Oolong lends well to any cookie with a sharp flavor, which makes the Apricot filled lemon cookie and Oolong combination a match made in heaven.
1 cometary
So, one day when I was about 17, I am reading about the Exodus while the Bishop (an LDS Bishop is the leader of a local congregation, and formal training in religion or theology is not required) droned on and on and on, and I came upon this in Exodus 12:
Relationships – Leaders must be great at building relationships. Talk to any successful leader – they will tell you that effective relationships directly contributed to their success.
Today we are bringing you....
For wanderers who trespass here
That night I though much and much, more and more… Am I doing mistake? Is my great-father ignoring me or am I ignoring him? Don’t I have gratitude for all the good happenings? I just slipped into deep sleep.
Or I start thinking about how maybe one day we'll be able to put together a garden that's really impressive, that feeds us for a year, that's got 7 different kinds of organic carrots growing in it. Like Martha's. Ok, she probably has at least 9 different kinds of carrots.
repeating: No place you need to know
Large and brutish, Scorpion defeat practically all other vehicles but are prone to hijacking.
and also the beasts of the field,
Arrange the shells on the bead board in the order desired.
Venue
Dear Football Player,
The simplest solution is to eliminate erectile dysfunction, the use of 100% safe and effective herbal sexual enhancer, herbal pills, sex, sex herbal capsules and herbal Viagra, because it is generally known. The effective herbal sex pills that contain more Tongkat Ali, an essential ingredient of all natural herbal product made as a herbal remedy for erectile dysfunctionDysfunction.
Anyone out there have a quick and easy weekend organizing project ahead of them? How about a major overhaul happening? It sure would be fun to share some weekend warrior type stuff with the readers on Monday morning!
Candle in the Wind (1997)
My friend, he said, good day to you.
Rosewood was a small community with a majority of Black citizens who owned their homes and their land. It was named for the red cedar that grew nearby.
"If the sight of blue skies fills you with joy, if a blade of grass springing up in the field has power to move you, if the simple things in nature have a message you understand, Rejoice, for your soul is alive."
I really did enjoy the book. I related so well to this book because of how Austen described the sister bonds. It is a book that reminds you to bond with your sisters and that maybe their love life is the same like ours. The book was romantic and humorous and reveals the difficultly of not having men in the family and the prejudice concerning the class.
Well, there you go! Wasn’t that nice!
The third said, “I had my Mercedes dealer deliver an SL600 to her.”
“I noticed all the druids carried wood for fires,” I said to the three men standing close to me, “The wood, was it all the same kind, or different?”
Instead of recapping the last two weeks, I want to give you non-mom's a glimpse into pregnancy. This is just a little list that I came up with while trying to shave my legs in the shower this morning, and by no means captures all the joys of pregnancy. AKA this is me not holding back. If you want to know what it's like to feel almost 38 weeks pregnant here's what you should do:
The poem was different from Shakespeare, but both time and Beth had changed since that day when she had first read that first sonnet. And now, the abused style, the change of meter, the ideas, the words, they all made sense to some subconscious part of her mind. She realized that dreams stared forth from that reality that had sounded so much more harsh than fantasy; a reality that was as beautiful because a poet who could spin the senses with whirling words was sitting where this girl could hear his thoughts if he were to speak them. Maybe those spoken thoughts could freeze the waters that Shakespeare’s words had poured into that eternal hole in Beth’s soul, and the living liquid would never drain out again. It was then that Beth decided to introduce herself to the reality that resembled, so much, her fantasy.
You came into my life when I needed you the most, after my first baby was born. With the soft and forgiving nature of your fabric I was able to feel good while being somewhat presentable. Although I put you in storage for a bit, you came rushing back to me while I was pregnant with baby number two. You have not left my side since.
In the freezer are tubs of Burch & Purchese ice cream and sorbets, packed in 155ml ($4) and 500ml tubs ($12). Ice cream flavours including: pear & ginger; spicy roast pumpkin; violet and honeycomb; and mint chocolate Aero. Sorbets range from mandarin to mango & passionfruit and cucumber & lime.
Yesterday my mom actually was the one to drive me to my injection, and I found it ironic that I was faced with walking away very straight and sure of myself, in a packed room, when they called out my name to go get tortured. I had to force myself NOT to turn around for one little small finger wave and wish she was allowed to come with me and hold my hand. Stupid I know. But I am still a girl inside. I swear it.
I also have digital files for sale that are my original artwork for scrapbook papers. The fifth image is a detail of one of these images. These are also included in the buy one, get one free. You can mix and match. Your wish is my command!!
Dalio’s fund, which according to some may now be as large as $80 billion, continues to outperform even in this problematic environment, and shows that Dalio is keenly able to adapt to changing macro conditions.
Manufacturing makes a large contribution to environmental sustainability.
And so the moment passed. A few years later I met my wife, 3 months after I had given up smoking, and she wasn’t particularly impressed by tattoos, so it was never given serious thought again.
I recognize that spreadsheets are not for everyone. My sister Kim is a creative person with a career in marketing/communications. She designs websites and makes jewelry in her spare time. Kim hates spreadsheets and does not use them for work or at home.
I confess, I journal! And I use spiral-bound paper books with a good old fashion pencil. OK, I admit I don’t have daily entries (sometimes months go-by in between my paper thoughts) and these entries are not uniform in style or address. I do however find it extremely therapeutic. (And it didn’t cost me $100 per session). My journal is the perfect place to dream, complain, to express my joy and anger, to work through the delicate intricacies of being a wife, a mother of teens and being female. To ponder, muse; delight in the things that delight me and to pose many thoughts and questions to God for help, answers and direction in life. In fact, this writing was based on a recent journal entry.
His first engagement was at the Village Vanguard Nightclub in New York. It was a two weeks contract. The two weeks became a year. Hollywood called and Lancelot was signed by Columbia Films for a featured role in "Two Yanks in Trinidad," with Pat O'Brien and Janet Blair.
And I’m finally here, back in good ol’ Brunei. And for once, I’m back here OUT of the jungles instead of being inserted in there (again). I’ve got myself a good two months here, and these past few days haven’t been too bad. It’s 1.34am in the morning and I’m still up and blogging. I haven’t been blogging in like two weeks now, so I guess I better give this little site some attention before it gets all neglected. But yeah, I’ve been getting this alienated feeling these past few days.
Chase: Maybe.
All in all, it was a most excellent 40th birthday celebration!!
27th), It Takes Time (PU Bef 29th); 2007 Celtic Son (PU bef 22nd); 2008 COMPLY OR DIE (WON), Vodka Bleu (PU bef 19th); 2009 Comply
Just a shame. What do you think?
Stay tuned for Surtex 2011 - Part 2: Setting up for Surtex
About how much I don’t want you
It's no surprise, then, that Hélène is spending many of her days in Paris with a lover, Victor (Maurice Ronet). While it's always sunny and edenic at her home with Charles, she goes to see her lover in the rainy city, walking through a downpour, then reclining in a postcoital bed with an unreadable expression on her face. The film's title would suggest that this is going to be a study of an adulterous woman, but Chabrol doesn't explore Hélène's reasons for her affair, doesn't delve into what she feels for this man she visits during the week. There's obviously passion between them, in a way that there just isn't with Charles, and that's it. More than her adultery and her psychology, the film is about the nature of marriage and the nuclear family, the nature of happiness, even. Because a pivotal event over halfway through the film disrupts the family's happiness and reveals just how illusory their contentment and stability are; on the surface, nothing happens, but the familial interplay has been unbalanced, its illusion of perfection fading away into affectless going-through-the-motions and awkwardness.
Also, do you use digi sentiments, or just the images?
- Reader Ben reports that the new 3D's space looks fantastic - the folks working on it let him peek in, and they've expanded the dining space, exposed brick walls, and generally seem to be designing a great corner spot. They also confirmed that the location will remain 3D's. Glad to see a longtime anchor persevering on the Avenue. A Slice of Brooklyn, however, has officially closed, but the owners say they're already in talks with someone who'd like to re-open the space as a pizza joint again sometime soon.
Antidepressants aren’t that interesting, they are just the device in a battle of wills. It’s about control, over-powering the blight of personal sovereignty by those who feel personal sovereignty was stolen from them, and by the looks of things it was. But there has to be a way of reclaiming what’s yours without destroying the self-esteem of psychiatry’s willing guinea pigs as if their peace of mind is what’s wrong with this picture.
To blog or not? Who would read it? Asked my sister, who I already talk to, text, and email almost three times a day if I wrote a blog 3 times a week, would she read it? Of course! Didn’t even ask what I’d be writing about. One friend “as long as I can get it as an email.” Another good friend didn’t waste any time saying ‘No.” Too much to do. And another, “No, I don’t read blogs.” I appreciate their honesty.
I just decided to go back through my blog and find what I'd used it for in the last two years. I didn't find much, and some of them are actually projects I completed before I started my blog, but here goes
3. In another bowl combine softened butter and sugar. Once completely mixed, add in egg, applesauce and vanilla.
Republicans gave me this list the beginning of this year as a priority, something that they thought they could do. Now I’m ready to do it, and so far we haven’t gotten the kind of movement that I would have expected.
2 engaged
Krieg, James “Graduation Day” X-Men. ( TV Show)September 20, 1997 ( Original Airdate).
Cardigan: NY&Co, via Gabriel Brothers
MLK (thundering): Post-RACIAL? Who the HELL do you think you’re TALKing to? There ain’t no “post-racial” in AMERica, son. They KILLED me for trying to bring PEACE and JUStice to the BLACK MAN. They KILLED me for helping to END segreGATION. They KILLED me for trying to end the WAR that was MURDERING our sons and daughters. They KILLED me for talking about economic inJUSTICE. MY Peace Prize was a REFLECTION of my ACTIONS on behalf of my PEOPLE.
Let's take a Lookie at What I Did.....
Hmm, need a break.
In any case, I am deleting everything in this blog and starting over. I want no reference to the wedding or that time that we shared. My engagement ring was sold for far less than it was worth. The dress I fell in love with is probably discontinued. All of my deposits are lost. Lastly, the man I fell in love with has turned into something that I never wanted. I'm sure he could say the same for me, but I stayed loyal and honest whereas he didn't. I may have been a cunt at times, but at least I didn't seek attention from others when things got rough.
Today, we actually had marshmallows as part of our snack. (It was the plagues of Egypt snack and the mini marshmallows were the hail, Gushers were the boils that exploded in disgustingness when you bit into them, mini chocolate chips were gnats, pretzels were crunchy locusts, and raisins were hmmm frogs? I don't remember what the raisins were supposed to represent, but it doesn't matter since only 1 kid out of the 50 or so actually ate the raisins.
I’m not going to have to get used to a new chair, am I?
I would remind you that my partner has given you messages in the past about the attitude of physics. Now we are right back to the polarity discussion that started this channelling. This “attitude,” Yawee, is imbued into the natural invention that you have discovered. Physics is active and seeks balance. That is to say that every field you have created with your process has the attributes – are you ready? – of perfect DNA. It already sees the attributes of the blueprint of the unborn. You don’t need a pregnant woman. The attributes can be passed to the Human and received by that Human in whatever posture that his cellular structure is able to absorb.
According to a news article in today’s Wall Street Journal, ‘Thomas Nelson editors won't edit the self-published manuscripts, but they will monitor sales to identify potential big sellers.’ One assumes they mean their editors will cast a watchful eye upon any potential commercial money-spinners with a view to offering those authors full contracts. Any editing will reside with the author and their decision to employ the services of a freelance editor or pay for a publishing package from WestBow Press which includes an editing service.
"I took this photo a couple of weeks ago when I went to Hebden Bridge for the day, the graveyard is in a nearby village called Heptonstall. A lot of the little trinkets and things that people leave of her grave seem to have been moved which is sad. There’s a really old cemetery next to this one with a beautiful old ruined church that I’ll have to put some pictures up of eventually. It’s the loveliest little village with the most amazing views, if you ever happen to be in Hebden Bridge I suggest you pop up and have a look."
Characterisation – fully developed characters, complete with flaws and foibles and well researched backgrounds - the kind of characters the reader can identify with, to help the reader bond emotionally to them.
Would you sew it again? Would you recommend it to others? I might sew again in a fabric that's not so sheer. I do recommend to others.
Fresh off ingesting Jack McDevitt’s Alex Benedict series, I’m in the mood for a little fluff. A bit of chick lit, but even then, I’m learning something about writing.
Yet others came from concerned ANC members who were not at Esselen Park and some came from concerned South Africans.
She spent the early 1990s in places like Somalia, Gaza, Bosnia, Iraq and Chechnya. She worked as a doctor for Medicine Sans Frontiers and the Red Crescent, one day offering advice on chest colds the next pulling out shrapnel from children's bodies.
The horrors of evictions have not changed over the years, except to become more violent. Here in this collage of eviction footage over the years, Simon Evans has overlayed the testimonies of Travellers powerfully showing the same old tragic story of being forced to move on.
Importantly, the Court also discussed that even though counterfeiting is a current issue and requires addressing and even though it is important to protect IPR rights - this cannot be done at the cost of fundamental rights to life, dignity and health. Even though this may seem obvious to the casual observer, people who have been following IP trends of today will realise the unfortunate truth that it is becoming increasingly important to state this up front (see the end of my last post mentioning the rhetoric of IP 'rights').
dont always expect too much it's also hard .. and you also get homesickk.. which is the bit im feeling today ..
“What you see before you, my friend, is the result of a lifetime of chocolate.” – Katherine Hepburn
In March and October I did a course in screen printing which, though I enjoyed it, I found it physically demanding on my back. To the point I had to miss a couple of my days at college as I was in so much pain. However, I have now joined the print studio, which will mean I can pace myself as to when and how long I can be there. Ideas of what to print, especially on fabric keep running around in my head, so I shall get started very soon.
Dire.
Jen: As if we needed another reason to love you! Such a sweetheart, so kind and thoughtful of others.
Finally: 5’8″?!? That’s bullshit. I’m 5’9″. That’s just egregious misrepresentation of the facts. I demand a lawyer.
But back to the bust for breasts project. . . Without anymore information from the potential client, I assumed that she wanted not just a clay representation of her breast, but maybe a casting of her torso with both breasts intact. A body cast, like what many pregnant women do. For many years I have wanted to explore body casting techniques where strips of plastered-coated gauze are spread over a body part(s), dried/hardened, then filled with 1/4"-1/2" of plaster or concrete or clay which is later fired in a kiln. I have seen demos of various ways of casting, even tried using latex to cast forms, and I have made several plaster molds for some of my artwork.
Jack hurt Maggie. Jeffry asked him if he'd apologized. He hadn't. Jeffry told Maggie that Jack had something to say to her. Jack hugged her, and she said; "Sawwy Jack. Sawwy Jack. I yaa you." (gulp)
Michelle King; booked and released on a bond $1,508.00
Foeffer does, and zephyr, heifer.
THERE IS NO MORE ROOM AT THE INN.
Allow me to introduce you, if you haven't already met...
Another side to this type of play is the teams played on and/or the reason for the “fight” I was in. As a boy I was a “good guy.” I fought the bad guys–imaginary or real–and defeated enemies that opposed good. These enemies were evil and had to be crushed. “bad guys” in the 20th century and talked about even to this day are: Stalin, Hitler, Mao Zedong, Ho Chi Minh, Pol Pot. More recent are Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden. They were all evil men, because they coveted the things they wanted and either destroyed or oppressed their own people and defied anyone who apposed them in order to meet their own wants. They killed, stole, and destroyed whomever they desired for their pleasure. Mao once calmly stated, “Half of China may well have to die,” concerning caring out his plans for China (Kakutani). Stalin said, “One mans death is a tragedy, but the death of millions is a statistic” (Scott Hayden). These men were influenced by forces they welcomed into their lives by the way they lived. They did not have to use, prayer, chants, meditation, or mystical arts to become influenced by evil. Satan seeks whom he can influence. “The thief comes to kill, steal, and destroy. I came that they may have life, and have it abundantly” (John 10:10). The thief spoken of here is Satan. Is there anything similar between Satan and the afore mentioned bad men?
BUT. I still want to support the lovely Tammara! She is amazing, and I'm SO SO SO excited for this one guys!
Transform your desk-to-dinner wear with a simple change of shoes. The Royal blue / Kelly green combo makes a statement without adding further accessories.
Where is our Ministry of Immigration, where is our Ministry of Foreign Affairs, our Ministry of Industry and our Ministry of Finance? I will tell you: prancing like fools and idiots to the tunes of American and British bankers. Selling their souls and robbing the till and not doing a damn thing to help the country. Looking the other way while those who have no roots to us or interest in us or worse who want to destroy us are flooded in.
Padungtod C, Lasley BL, Christiani DC, Ryan LM, Xu X. Reproductive hormone profile among pesticide factory workers. J Occup Environ Med 1998; 40: 1038-1047.
Well, that's a wrap. Hope you enjoyed this little trip through garden La-la land as much as I did. 6 more weeks til Spring!
20: 2:05-2:10 – Heartbreak Hill
“…What’s really going on is that Russia is trying essentially to reconstitute the old soviet union.bring back the old spheres of influence. if you take over Georgia today, what’s next? Could they then move into the Ukraine (sic), could they take over the Czech Republic? These are awful options that are on the table, but theres a fear that if they start here and are not stopped, what happens next?”
2125.***E-IV/3/2003. On a sense of proportion and the diverse uses of Weapons of Mass Destruction. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-46.)
These topics of divine and spiritual love between Radha and Krishna will always remain a mystery as long as we remain on the material platform. Love on the spiritual platform is devoid of selfishness. The needs and interests on the other take precedence over one's own needs. The kind of love that comes closest to spiritual love is the love exhibited by a mother towards her child. It's full of sacrifice and is completely selfless; it is without expectation.
“If he had just asked them to get out of his house, they would have,” she said. “They are mannerable boys. He took a life he didn’t have to take.”
We have been looking at London. These are some great board books which I picked up last week. £5 each from the local book shop. One is a bus and the other is a Taxi. They have pictures of London sights and landmarks.
My period came howling back 17 months to the day after my boys were born. I've been without a period for a little over 26 months total. I haven't missed it. I'm trying to frame it in a positive light. "It's the return of my fertility!" Yay. I'm not trying to get pregnant, so that one's not working for me. "It's a time of restfulness and a little self-pampering." Yeah, that's not cutting it either; I have 17 month old twins. "My body is cleaning itself out, cleansing, renewing." Ok, that's great but why must this cleansing HURT so much?!
Amazed, I told her of my prayer that morning. When I finished, she said through her tears, “God answered your prayer. My husband told me recently that he had an affair. I don’t know who to turn to. I truly do need a friend today.”
After exploring Sedona, we drove up to the Grand Canyon, through Flagstaff. I remember feeling the heat in Phoenix, seeing the snow in Flagstaff, and going through the more moderate temperature in the Navajo Reservation. But as we approached the Grand Canyon, we were truly in awe of its grandeur. We spent a night in the national park, and nothing tops this time in the Great outdoors!
At Pelham Bay Golf Course, par 33
And in the other, I was a superhero who didn’t really want to be a superhero. She really just wanted everyone to leave her in peace so she could focus on being a punk rock star. In that one I had almost as much fun playing her twin sister, the supposedly evil villain.
The second was moving in with him.
Among the (many) component factors that have clearly helped are the Manx Missile’s exploits in the Tour making front page news to the Boris-bikes initiative; from Briton’s winning a sack-full of medals at the last Olympics to people in general getting the message that getting out and about on your bike is a good step forward to being healthy.
I recently picked up Practical Solutions for Paper Crafters and it is just full of great ideas! One of my favorite things to do is keep things you would normally throw away, like packaging, and find a way to reuse it! So I really liked the Don't Throw it Away section. Inspired by the magazine and the challenge at Moxie Fab World I held on to the packaging for some Studio Calico wooden shapes and had a little fun. I will eventually use the wood asterisks I bought but for this card I cut out the outlines that were on the back of the chipboard packaging.
On a trip to Paris, they were spotted at a lesbian bar. One account called it "one of the most lurid nightclubs in Montmartre, frequented by hard-boiled women of the Paris demimonde, who go there attired in mannish costumes to give lady tourists the shock they are looking for by asking them to dance."
Crystal!. This was my second favorite polish from these four (and the only one I didn't include in my mani because it was too sheer). I honestly expected to hate it as it's a frosty white which looks very dated to me, but I ended up loving it! When you think of frosts, you think of brushstrokes, but fortunately Crystal! doesn't suffer from those with its easy application. :) It takes three coats to get full opacity, but it's totally worth it in my opinion. And I know it's not even summer yet, but Crystal! would be a great color for winter too, look at that pearly shimmer! I already start to feel Christmassy when I look at it haha.
Merl should have been the keyboardist after Keith. They would have looked like the Celtics in the 80′s, racially. Also, Walton.
We've only been out a couple of times, holding hands near the grand union canal,
1c. Mayonnaise
We did talk a lot about the time we were in NZ♥♥♥
I can't give you anything
vegetable oil for frying
Repeat from * to * across, until the last 8 Sts are left.
The Physics Classroom is an illustrated, lively tutorial for high-school students written by high-school science instructor Tom Henderson. These four lessons by comparison Newton’s Laws of motion with multimedia demonstrations and quizzes. My favorite clicks are the interactive activities listed in the Shockwave Physics Studio and the animations found in Multimedia.
1. The Last Judgement 4:06
Tom has chosen yellow cake with Chocolate Malt Frosting. Ok. To be honest, I suggested it (knowing his tastes) and he liked the idea so much that he never bothered trying to think of anything else.
traits.
I'm using The Blue Bookcase's weekly question as an excuse to start writing new entries in my ongoing Dictionary of Fictional Techniques. Head over there to see what other literary devices people find interesting.
I wonder if I'm doing the right thing?
Hi everyone! I hope you enjoyed National Scrapbooking Day on Saturday. I was lucky enough to spend it with my BFF and another good friend at a crop put on by Scrapshotz every year in May. Always a lot of fun.
This race was important for me. Following my Rocky Raccoon 100 finish in February, I struggled with IT band issues. The low miles I had to run for much of March and February were really serving to demoralize me, and I was beginning to worry about my chances of not only running this race successfully, but the likelihood I would be able to train the way I need to for Leadville in August. For the last month, I had brought my miles back up, and with the dry winter in theFront Range, was able to really focus on trail running. I had also added core workouts for at least 2 hours per week. This would serve as a test of where I am at in training, my first training race leading up to Leadville.
“I think we may have very nice, new neighbors,” he said.
This example is much simpler but read it aloud `in the dark’ and `through the park’ mimic each other. The beat sounds almost like da dum, da da dum, da da dum. If you think about this it sounds almost like someone’s heartbeat quickening or the footsteps of someone rushing to get home. You could play with this to make it slower or faster and the effect would change.
1 designateurs
The drawers were lined with wrapping paper. I just stuck it down with a couple of small pieces of double sided tape. Then, popped in some acrylic drawer organizers I already had from our last desk space, and things were working fab!
If you are Doug of the SSP I find it ironic when Trotskyists come out with stuff that goes against one of the few sensible positions that Trotsky ever took.
This is poisonous alcohol. In the body, methanol breaks down into formaldehyde, which is a poison.
"momma, sometimes I think you wook like a princess."
Golden Dawn’s rhetoric resonates with Greeks who blame rising crime on the hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants flocking to the country’s porous borders.
“I understand your distraction,” Alexandre said, as the bar maid set two wooden mugs of mead in front of them. “The demon army is an awe inspiring sight.”
The upward gleaming of an eye,
On top of this, there will be some special beers brought over from New Zealand, for tasting.
Okay maybe I'm being a tad anal here, after all The Small Faces were pretty much one hit wonders here in the States ("Itchycoo Park") and since obviously the folks at the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame are complete fucktwits (oh b.t.w they've also nominated The Red Hot Chili Peppers as well, just to give you an idea of which orfice they've been keeping their heads in when they're not using them for you know, thinking). Okay so both bands shared the same bassist, keyboardist and drummer, but that's about it. Steve Marriott lead vocals and lead guitar and Rod Stewart lead vocals and Ron Wood lead guitar, BIG difference. Two different sounds. You can draw comparisons this way, below is a Small Faces video and then a Faces video:
We love you all, and will continue to keep you updated.
My style of teaching is varied and improvisational. I am constantly trying new approaches and experimenting. I am very responsive to student requests. For example, one day I was teaching a class for a group of employees for the Internal Revenue Service. I began by making jokes about how much people hate and fear the IRS. I noticed a passing university employee staring at me in alarm, apparently fearing that I would be audited and arrested on the spot.
easily, I do the eyes and flipper detail with an edible marker.
1-Plastic Bomb
Then came the time to rebuild, to try and make this place a home. The shell of the Exodar would be suitable to house most of their people, it was decided, though some of the other crash sites would be kept to keep an eye on the tarnished lands and to provided food for the city. The islands had been mostly uninhabited by Night Elves, though nearby lived some intelligent creatures called Furbolgs. They would not inhabit too much of their land, however. Camps that were not to be kept had the injured and sleeping people moved, while any more permanent structures of those camps were torn down for scraps and other usable parts. The few permanent villages they were keeping had permanent structures built. Some used parts of the crashed ship to shape their buildings, while others were built from the scrap materials. The building process was still ongoing in some places.
plz watch video to know what CISPA is and what u can do about it is posted below that — GO GET EM ON THE FOLLOWING DATEs: MAY 1-5 ALL AT&T HQ & CONSUMER MARKETPLACES, 5/4-7 IBM,5/8-13 INTEL,5/14-19 MICROSOFT,5/20-26 VERIZON,5/27-6/2 BOA,6 3-6 CHASE,6/7-10 MCGRAW-HILL add hashtag2books,6/11-14 COKE,6/15-20 TARGET,6/21-25 WAL-MART,JUNE 26-28 CVS,6/29&30 mastercard, visa and american express will get a nice message from ANONYMOUS. PLEASE go to all PROTESTS accessible to you!!!!!
Patterned: SEI and Recollections
Is your desk as telling as mine?... I do have a confession... it was messier on the edges... but magically the photograph's crop seemed to vacuum that away... I'd love to know what's on your desk...
From: David Grubin Productions
In comparison, my lifestyle has been the absolute opposite. I’ve eaten all sorts of processed food, I’ve had a relatively sedentary lifestyle and I’ve not given my body anywhere near as much rest as it should have had. Instead I’ve been working 15-hour days 7 days a week and pushed ahead with caffein pills, coffee and coca cola at times when all I wanted was to go to bed and sleep for a week. I’ve lived in big cities, worked in badly lit and ventilated offices, smoked like a chimney, inhaled enough exhaust fumes and subjected my body to all sorts of extra chemicals from make-up, hair colouring, and all sorts of products that we are programmed to believe we must have. I think we can safely say I’ve been anything but healthy.
2.What Will Tomorrow Bring
If you don't want you can omit it. But my sauce will taste better than yours, ha ha!
- more tags for manga posts: yes, this is something that I completely overlooked (because I didn't plan to post that many manga at the beginning) and I will from now on enforce author and genre tags for manga.
Gustafson A, Hender P, Schütz A, Skerfvings S. Occupational lead exposure and pituitary function. Int Arch Occup Environ Health 1989; 61: 277-281.
OceanSpray, Holodiscus discoloris, is a many-stemmed, spreading shrub that normally grows 4-5 ft. tall but can reach 7 ft. The stems are slender and often arching, bearing deeply lobed and toothed, deciduous foliage. During the flowering season (May-August), the shrub is a complete mass of tiny, fragrant, creamy-white flowers arranged in large, plumed clusters. Older bark is dark red to brown or gray and exfoliating. Swallowtail, Azure, and Lorquins admiral butterflies benefit from this native shrub.
After we watched the movie, I was confused to find out it was rated "R". There was one minor swear word and no sex or nudity. Some images are bloody and certainly scary for kids, but nothing too graphic. Weird. So I'd encourage you not to be put off by the unaccountable rating (or the eccentric-looking box cover).
Empty, I am
Roberto Mancini’s men came roaring back into the title race in some style by smashing six past the Canaries and sending a clear message to their title
Singing all the songs on his grandmother’s lap in the back pew. We couldn’t get him up on stage because he sometimes gets “weewy, weewy, shy”.
Ham & Cheese
The Deep Pore Treatment Wash is gentle (can be used twice a day) and leaves your face feeling very clean and smooth. It doesn't bubble up too much, doesn't have a strong smell and doesn't leave any residue.
Today I sat down to do some work. A few days ago I had started an altered book and had some good ideas swimming around in my head and wanted to get started on some of the pages. Sigh….. Well, if you look below, you’ll understand why I am sighing.
Imagine … they even serve cheese ice cream. I didn’t even know there was such a thing.
I stand corrected. The predominantly Afghan insurgency is the evil British colonial power, and the United States and the non-insurgent Afghans are the plucky colonists, fighting for freedom.
We like you come king ova hea now.
ginger left over from sugar syrup
Well, you know how I don't like to be left out. So the other day, when my first and biggest blogcrush, Ms Faux Fuchsia mentioned her new pink jeans and asked what we were styling ours up with, I felt duty bound to Get In On The Act.
Frolic in nature
A woman is someone who has to be strong – when the man she is with needs a sparing partner.
I’m either going to be bangin by summer (unlikely)…or I’m going to die trying (most likely). I really don’t know what I was thinking.
Saas Fee
Contact United Customer Care
They are actually made for riding Drakes, but I have no taste for such things, even my personal ones. The crabby Drake my parents use for travel is no exception either.
My new beginning is a baby - First I made a baby girl card (my niece is having a baby girl in August - so I have been thinking ALL PINK lately!) I stamped the back panel with the gingham stamp from Gingham & Co. The sentiment is from Say It Loud. My sister-in-law gave me a bag of these pretty ribbon flowers so I don't know where they came from but I think you can get them at Joann's or Michaels. The bow is matte pink raffia from Pouch Mart.
I have some really exciting playroom news!
Felix and Eugenia are siblings from Europe who arrive in America to visit their relatives in the form of the New Englander Wentworth family. The Wentworth’s behave very graciously and welcome their foreign kin to live with them in one of the cottages on their property. What ensues is part romance, part comedy as the differences between the two cultures come to the fore.
‘Je me lève’ and you know how to say you got up:
Dances With Wolves (Elsa Zamparelli)
NASA: The last shuttle lifted off yesterday and two things crossed my mind. One: dang I’m getting old. I remember in school when they use to wheel in the Volkswagen size televisions for us to watch the lift off. Two: I guess the term, “It isn’t rocket science,” is now passé, they're unemployed like the rest of us.
So it's time for a change and this time of year seems to bring that feeling out in many people. So here's to more quality time for blogging and making meaningful visits to other blogs to start out the new year for me. I wish you all a very Happy New Year. May the new year bring you all the happiness you can handle.
An etherial walk to the kitchen. Put on the kettle for tea and the memories and feelings begin to fade rising higher and higher beyond the kitchen ceiling, beyond the roof and tree tops, where they dissolve into sky. Now I am into the day, and filled with a lingering wonder. Where did all that come from?
The standard of care, obviously, would depend on the symptoms presenting themselves upon examination, but would be those that are of best practice. One can quickly see, though, that such variances favor defense.
Why the hell would I even want to be over there with Mr. Homophobia?!?!?!
The renewal fee for the 13th year of the patent in question was due on 15 November 2004, but was not paid in time, and was still not paid by the end of the additional period allowed by section 25(4), resulting in the patent lapsing on 15 May 2005 (but ceasing to have effect as from the renewal date). An application for restoration was filed on 11 May 2006, within the 19 month period allowed for under rule 41(1)(a) of the Patents Rules 1995. A preliminary view was taken by the Patent Office that the requirements for restoration had not been met.
2. If you could visit one of the Nordic countries (Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden) which one would you choose and why?
Now that the McCourt family soap opera has been yanked offstage, the Dodgers and their new owners can concentrate on restoring the franchise to its past glories. All credit to Don Mattingly, who kept this team together last year through all the off-field drama and lack of finances for additional on-field help. Again, pitching is the key question here. Aside from Clayton Kershaw, whose breakout season firmly established him as an elite starter, there are question marks aplenty, especially with the loss of the reliable Hiroki Kuroda and an untested bullpen. Offensively, Matt Kemp appears to have come into his own with his MVP campaign. The ability of Andre Ethier to build on his progress and Dee Gordon establishing himself as a reliable leadoff hitter will be important, but this club is still several players away from challenging again. But now that they have some scratch to throw around, that might come sooner rather than later. The same can’t be said for Colorado, although the Rockies aren’t that far away from making another prolonged run. Say it one more time with me: pitching is the key to this division. And the Rockies’
Shopping online is always going to be huge, but the great hope for the high street is that nobody wants to stay indoors the whole time. For young women, a lot of their social life is based on being outside with their friends – shopping is always going to part of it. You have to view it in a positive way: online can drive people into shops; you’ve got this whole audience via social media and you can reach them at any given point in their day.
J: ” i do not adhere to anything other than what is said in the bible, provided it is read in its fullest context with relevance to the old and the new covenants”. In context means holding relevance to the time period, the people, and most importantly the Covenants. I understand that there are some strange flippin’ practices that were done by the Jews during the Old Testament times because of the nature of their culture and of the law. And if you’ll notice all of the scripture you just quoted to me comes from the Old Testament. However, the rules you just read to me were nullified by the Death and Resurrection of Jesus Christ. We are now under a New Covenant of Grace and change of heart through the power of God’s Holy Spirit. The laws/practices you read to me were from the Old Testament that were created for the Jews to adhere to…not necessarily us. As a matter of fact its a good thing there was a New Covenant, because under the Old Covenant you and I, being Gentiles, would have a significantly lower chance of getting into Heaven anyways because neither of us are Jewish…or at least i’m not Jewish I guess i can’t exactly speak for you. So to answer your questions, no i don’t think bats are birds, or that whales are fish, or that pi is a round number, although i do believe that Snakes and Donkeys could certainly talk if they were empowered to do so by either God or the Devil. I don’t think that animals that mate in front of stripped trees produce stripped offspring although i think it could happen with God’s power as it did with Jacob in the bible. Same thing goes for curing leprosy with the blood of the bird. But the other stuff, I think those are just laws/practices/ situations that would probably make sense if they were read in the context of the passage not just the standalone verse.
My husband and I loved this Thai Chicken Soup from Food Network Magazine. I couldn't wait to make it as it was so different from usual comfort food, yet very hearty. This cconut-curry soup is packed full of flavours. It wasn't so spicey that you were breaking out in a sweat, which is the way I like it, but my husband prefers to have his mouth on fire with Thai food. Our kids found it a bit spicey for their tastes, but they still ate it.
The ribs and the barbecue were dry rubbed, cooked without sauce. The ribs had a very nice flavor, and, while somewhat fatty, were excellent. The pork also had a nice flavor, but it was a little dry. I tried both of the sauces, which tasted very similar. Both were vinegar based, but slightly thicker than most in the area. The only difference that I could tell between the two was that one was hotter than the other. Both were too sweet for my tastes. I ended up mixing some of the slaw with the pork. I really enjoyed the meal, and I would recommend it to anyone in the area. If I had to rank it, I would place it somewhere between Allen & Son, which is my top so far, and the Pit, which was only okay. Definitely worth a try.
We reached the airport and plenty of time to browse about. Not as many shops as KLIA or Bangkok or Amsterdam but I still managed to buy something. Bought perfume for myself n my bf. also bought him a box of Laduree macaroon.
And it's not "I was wrong."
Simply Gifted (3rd), Shamawan (21st), Native Emperor (UR 9th), Clan Royal (CO bef 22nd); 2006 Clan Royal (3rd), Risk Accessor (5th); 2007 Clan Royal (11th);
“For God, who said, ‘Let there be light in the darkness,’ has made this light shine in our hearts so we could know the glory of God that is seen in the face of Jesus Christ. We now have this light shining in our hearts, but we ourselves are like fragile clay jars containing this great treasure. This makes it clear that our great power is from God, not from ourselves.” II Corinthians 4:6-7 NLT
Oleander
Nuts, legumes, seeds and dairy products, including milk, cheese and yogurt, are other good sources of protein. Water-packed canned tuna and salmon, which you frequently can find on sale, can help you get the 8 to 12 ounces of seafood the USDA says you should have every week. The new "Healthy Plate" guidelines, which the USDA recently introduced to replace the old food pyramid, reflect these changes by replacing the old "meat and beans" category with "protein foods."
If one is saved today it is by the grace of God. Every saved person is a new creature according to 2 Corinthians 5:17. Ephesians2:10terms this “his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works.” But what are those good works?
4.) Reward Yourself Everyone that I know loves a to get a reward every once in a while. Let’s say you worked out all week… and you followed your diet plan. What would it hurt if every so often… you rewarded yourself with a nice bowl of ice cream?
As you know, from time to time I offer Blanky-Thanky’s to all of you who are kind enough to hit the “like” button on the Jun,,,Stunk,,,things I post. This be one of those times..Also included in this Blanky-Thanky is sincere gratitude and recognition of, and to, the newcomers, as well as the ‘old’ friends of poemsandponderings..With wishes for many more pleasant reads (and some maybe not) I say to you, “Thanks and Welcomes” all around…Barkeep set ‘em up…Put it on my tab..
N. B. The several patterns may be seen at this Office.
And remember...its not too late to order your holiday greeting cards and gift tags!
The former is a day in which non-Muslim women wear a hijab and dress modestly for a day, as would a Muslim woman, and then discuss their experience and observations. “We want people to ask why they’re wearing a hijab. We get asked that all the time. We want people to openly discuss these kinds of things,” said Al-Kalby.
I've been dieting on and off since January but I now it's time to get serious and get down to business. I'll be rockin' a bikini memorial day weekend and my goal is to actually be rockin' the bikini ;)
This morning the world outside seems as if it is a sanctuary. All is quiet. All is still. The only sounds are distant jaycalls, single notes from the high trees and deep woods, or what remains from last falls freakish snow. It is a rare and beautiful moment, mystical if the word may be used. And mystical because all seems waiting for some kind of revelation. The world seems pregnant. Oh, of course, just over the hill cars stream by, and above the gray clouds, above the soft rain and beyond the deep greens of new grass and budding flowers, beyond muted bird calls, beyond the sweep of one person’s poor sight “time marches on”.
I hope that you all have had those moments, and plan more for this summer. No matter the hassle or weight upon your mind, sometimes a simple trip or activity can change your whole perspective- at the very least, for one night. Years later, I savor the trip and plan on many more this year. Sure, sometimes it takes planning and resources. What’s more important, though, is that you make the decision in the first place. As Joel would put it, “It doesn’t matter which direction.”
What’s the most innovative thing you’ve seen a customer do to leverage their credits/obtain credits?
every Mayor sucked.
Me: You can't have that one.
Steve’s voice was getting shrill.
It was one of those days where I found myself in love with this little house and this little life. I enjoyed the squeak of the kitchen door as I made trip after trip up and down the basement steps with basket upon basket of laundry. I found some kind of serenity looking out the kitchen window and watching the yellow finches stop for a snack at the feeder. I found so much happiness in ironing and laundry and making our dinner (now cooking in the crock-pot).
Sideline to sideline player. Smart natural footballer that will strive to be great. Very versatile and can probably play most LB positions in any front. Has the ability to get to QB. Has Both mental toughness and physical toughness.
Among other songs recorded by the George Shearing Quintet: “I’ll Never Smile Again,” “Mambo Inn,” “Conception,” “Let’s Call the Whole Thing Off” and “East of the Sun (and West of the Moon).”
So I don’t have a recipe for you, or any pretty pictures or a delicious meal. That’s why they call it fishing…
Congratulations to the winner of Tricia Goyer's By the Light of the Silvery Moon Faith, Hope and Cherrytea! Please e-mail your address to Christen (ckrumm@litfusegroup.com)!
Don't forget you have until Easter to get all of your Spring posts linked up for a chance to win in our Battle of the Crafters and Cookers contest.
BC Blue Con blogger Dean was using the hashtag #HarperHistory to criticize the NDP further, demonstrating his severe lack of humour and ability to mock Harper for an outrageous(ly funny) comment. “When the NDP faithful condemn Tommy Douglas for his vile views instead of worshipping at his feet, I’ll join in the mockery” ~Dean S. Apparently it’s more important to notify people that the NDP have actually wanted to give refuge to people escaping from fighting wars, than it is to make light of a bonehead comment from the Prime Minister who seeks to rewrite history.
Dances with Wolves
What is the lesson that can be taken away from these quotes, and how does it relate to lolita? Well, if you haven't picked up on it so far (you must be new here...), I am all for sartorial self-reliance. I believe it is the natural state of a person's aesthetics to be constantly evolving, and if one forces oneself to pigeon-hole into one style they are doing a disservice to themselves and their society- or subculture, as the case may be. It is only through standing on one's own feet and supporting one's own ideas that one reaches their true potential. This isn't to say that finding and using inspiration isn't important; however, one must take the essence or the details of an inspiring source (the softness of textures in mori-girl, or gyaru-style stilettos) and absorb them into one's own fashion without emulating the source outright. It's only through experimentation and absorption that a person's fashion style evolves, not through emulation and mimicry.
This article discusses what Constipation is all about, its causes and treatments. While most people suffering from it will resort to prescribed drugs or medications for treatment, prevention is still the best way to treat this kind of irregularity.
James on the other hand, he had his fair share of women problems, never being able to keep in a relationship for more than a few months. Definitely for not more than a year. He changed his women more times than he changed his job. His last break up was a hard one, especially because she had just left him for his best friend. It felt like he couldn’t catch a break.
I've used lots of different Dylusions ink sprays for the background, combined with Dylusions stencils and stamps from both Dylusions and Tim Holtz (Stampers Anonymous).
On this day we remember all our our forefathers who served and/ or fought and died for our country. Most importantly we remember James Gilmour the brother of Robert Gilmour who died in the Battle of Fair Oaks/Seven Pines in 1862 during the Peninsula campaign. If you haven't seen or read his letter's or my transcriptions of them yet: Kick your parents in the A** for me in abstentia!!!!!!
Julius Malema has shown no such restraint, and has shown his true colours by praising the Mugabe regime. And this is a clear indication of one scenario for South Africa's future: Julius Malema becomes president (possibly succeeding Jacob Zuma), and then it's goodbye to our hard-won democracy. Perhaps in another 15 years time there will be South African refugees sleeping in the Methodist Church in Harare.
But we have been untouched as a society by the works of the Lord. How many Masses are said everyday. How many graces are brought down to this earth through the Mass being offered, through generous souls who are willing to suffer, through the prayers of good and holy people. Yet things continue just to degenerate. At the time of Our Lord, they did not understand the value of suffering. They did not have the Mass. They had Jesus going into these towns and working mighty deeds, but He told us that we would do even greater things than what He had done. So we have all of the saints. We have our Blessed Lady. We have Our Lord. We have the Mass. We have an understanding of the value of prayer and suffering and sacrifice and all these things. We have many, many generous people who are offering themselves to the Lord as victim souls and who are offering their daily sufferings to the Lord. Still, the vast majority refuses to hear and to change.
So, things ARE different so I have to adapt.
In 1901, President Theodore Roosevelt formally invited Booker T. Washington to the White House for dinner.... Southern newspapers were outraged and publicly condemned Roosevelt after they learned of the invitation from an Associated Press dispatch. Roosevelt never invited another African-American to a White House dinner. http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/28109794
Are you still using the same phone or computer you had five years ago? Chances are, however, you’ve updated your electronics to ones that can do much more than they could a few years ago. While it might not be quite as dramatic, life insurance products have also advanced significantly and offer more flexibility and features that address the needs of clients today. For example, long-term care (LTC) riders, which were not widely available a decade ago, are now a popular alternative to standalone policies.
Every living entity is in constant battle with its neighbors seen and unseen, known, unknown or unknowable to maintain its moment of existence for the purpose of continuing its life or perish.
Old Buzz is going to take liberties with the theme (not again! - son-of-a...) and choose a movie that is not technically on a train but centers around a train. A train we don't actually see until the very end. I'm talking about The Bridge On the River Kwai (1957) starring Obi-Wan Guinness. I love this movie because of this scene. The instant Colonel Nicholson realizes the mistake he's made in helping the enemy is priceless. On the first take of this scene, the explosions on the bridge didn't detonate. The train crossed over safely, only to crash down a hill on the other side. Bwahahaha And Alec Guinness never saw the bridge blow. He had completed all his scenes and returned to England when the explosion was filmed.
It really is a fantastic series. The writing is top notch, fairy tales are made monster stories in reality and vice versa, and because they’re (at least in the storyline) in Oregon, there’s no need for sets or a whole lot in the way of CGI. When these Wessen encounter the Grimm, almost inevitably they have a fear reaction and their face will shift to whatever creature they happen to actually be. You’d think it would be a somewhat cheap way to indicate monsters without makeup, but somehow the writing just makes it work. The writers love their Grimm fairy tales, but give them a modern-day twist and believeability all their own. The Brothers Grimm fairy tales, the real ones not the sugar-coated version, were actually very dark and so fits modern television quite well. Every episode, laced with the CSI-like qualities of the police force solving murder mysteries, combined with the acceptance of this only slightly hidden supernatural world, is a triumph. Seriously, go watch it!
‘The Apostolic Tradition of Hippolytus, an official collection of church rules at the beginning of the 3rd century, says that those who have the power of the sword or who are city magistrates must leave their offices or be dismissed from the church. If catechumens or believers want to become soldiers they must be dismissed from the church, for they are despising God. In these conditions the number of Christians who were executed rose, the period of massive persecution began, and what came to be known as “soldier saints” were created.’
I’ve been sitting here for the past four hours trying to figure out even the most basic plot. After the first two hours, I did finally settle on a bare-bones idea, but then comes how to work the characters into it. I’ve already spent 60k words with these characters, especially my main character, and I know how he’ll react to what my second MC is going to want to do in this new plot. He’s not going to like it. So I have to figure out a way that he’ll have no choice but to cooperate.
Emily shook her little head. She then whispered in my ear, "Mrs. Kelley, shooting bunnies means you farted."
If it were truly up to us,
image: debspoons/freedigitalphotos.net
And, of course, the article itself is ridiculous when it talks about, "as a result of a anti-regime uprising aided by Western bombing", because everyone knows that what actually happened was an Imperialist War against Libya, with massive bombing - around 20,000 bombing missions, including the use of Depleted Uranium munitions! - as well as the use of significant numbers of Special Forces troops, from Britain, France, and Qatar - with a rag tag band of a few thousand rebels, who could only move forward when the outside forces had cleared the way for them.
The petition against Mayor Volta states that she 1) violated the civil rights of Cogburg citizens by not allowing a petition (2011-IP-02) to go to the polls for a vote. 2) has a conflict of interest by being on the Board of Lane Council Of Government and awarding contracts to LCOG for City Services. 3) inaction on allegations of potentially criminal wrongdoing by City Staff. 4) a Councilmember whose term limit was reached was reinstated to the Council even though others had applied.
Now we are right back where we left off, running to school and work and after-school activities. Luckily I was able to squeeze in a little crafting time on Saturday while my DH took my youngest to basketball. I tuned in to the 90-Minute Challenge at the Hero Arts blog, hosted by the lovely Karen (Born2scrap775). She challenged us to make a card in 90-minutes by stamping on patterned paper. Love this idea!
I think the spring crazies finally got the best of us. I think a big wall of tired crashed down on us. I think Mr. Sandman sandbagged us. I think . . . I think I’m going back to bed.
Nelson posed as a girl from Long Island, New York. She said it didn't take long for some men to make explicit suggestions while they talked online.
Throw in 1/2 cup of semi sweet chocolate chips. Brownies always need more chocolate. Fold them in with your favorite spatula. This is actually my 2nd favorite. My favorite is a green spatula, like the color of an avocado….
when you are as cute as she is who cares what you wear?!
A5) Devon Irie - Singy Singy Rosemarie
SO far,
Normally, the chorionic membranes are not covering the fetal side of the placenta. With placenta circumvallata, the fetal side (smooth portion) is covered to some extent with chorion. The placenta has a central depression on its fetal surface to the edge where fetal membranes are attached. The umbilical cord enters the placenta at the normal site, however, the blood vessels end abruptly at the point where the chorion folds back to the surface. No fetal abnormalities are associated with this type of placenta but it is necessary to note its presence.
No sane person is jealous of that.
Let’s say I’m a hospital Electronic Medical Record system and I want to allow other applications to access a patient’s temperature. I have all the functionality that allows the clinical staff to record the info, so nobody else needs to develop that. But if I want to make that data available to outside systems, I write a public API that says, “To access a patients’ temperature, call my ‘Get-Patient-Temperature’ function with the ID of the patient you’re interested in. I’ll pass back the temperature, the time that the temperature was recorded, and the date it was recorded as well.”
Although he started out as “Bill Keane”, he dropped the second L from his name “to be distinctive.” What he should have done was to use his more distinctive middle name, Aloysius.
"The panda plan: China's path to progress
Post Script Note: The big fictional exception to my point in the last paragraph is Steven Amsterdam's Things We didn't See Coming. In the first chapter, almost a prequel, the main protagonist is hiding out in the rural areas Australia waiting for the Y2K collapse: many years before it occurs in the novel.
Tuesday, November 13th–I went to a doctor’s appointment.
I.N.C Space
Want to do a favor for an author with almost no effort on your part? Click the “Like” button on the Amazon listing for their book. Then scroll down to “Tags” and check off a few. This helps raise the book’s rating in search engines. You could start here with The Woman Who Loved Jesse James. And thank you!
Dinner plates - Wedgwood Windsor
Nurse Duckett: “I don’t know. I heard them talking behind a door.”
Dorland’s work has been grouped with the extreme painting moniker along with contemporary Alison Schulnik and others. Dorland himself has said he doesn’t think of it as extreme painting, he is just taking painting further. I take this as meaning the thick application of paint and colors, not necessarily subject matter, but then again we get to see the folks, youth, and transportation, houses, etc in Dorland’s painting that take Tom Thomson’s vision of Canada further. Dorland is specific about where he is coming from and going with his paintings, you can see this on his web site. For me, the paintings don’t necessarily stand on their own. A complete installation of a series, like a 70s vinyl album, is better together than apart.
The artwork:
“You will do just fine Sora. If you get to nervous just look at me, and remember why you are hear.” Jessie will always be my rock. She knows just what to say.
Hello to you and welcome to another week here at Make It Monday.
Local legend claims that a diamond necklace was lost nearly a century ago in Whiskey Lake, not far from the present day Shangri-La resort. Mira, a part-time reporter, goes fishing for the story behind the legend, but her dives turn up more than missing jewelry. Buoyed by frozen Nut Goodies and a diminutive circus performer, the exhilarating search leads to a new mystery to unravel, and puts her face to face with the surfacing of a menacing foe from her past.
Plesiosaurs (sensu Plesiosauroidea) appeared at the start of the Jurassic Period and thrived until the K-T extinction, at the end of the Cretaceous Period. While they were Mesozoic reptiles derived from a common Diapsid stock that lived at the same time as dinosaurs, they were neither dinosaurs nor Archosaurs.
Young AB, Reid D, Grist NR. Is cytomegalovirus a serious hazard to female hospital staff? Lancet 1983; i: 975-976.
MUM
Brian Levin, a criminologist who assisted in the study and runs the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University, San Bernardino, said the number of homeless people who died last year in attacks far exceeded the total of all other traditional, protected classes of hate crime victims, based on factors like gender, race and ethnicity.
I hope you enjoy this high impact, but inexpensive project!!!
1/4 cup chopped cucumbers
`The Death’ soon sweeps across London and the whole country descends into chaos. When a drastic attempt to eradicate the outbreak at source fails, the plague
“While we’re disappointed that it’s taken 19 years for the research community at the U of M to get serious about what this law asks of them, we feel grateful to be part of a responsible process being developed now,” said Veronica Pasfield, co-chair of the Native Grad Caucus.
A Blow to Censorship: The Comics Code Authority Fades Away (Jan. 22): This post merged my opposition to censorship with my life-long fondness for comic books. I’ve always found the CCA to be oppressive and arbitrary; it was delightful to celebrate its overdue end.
When I was ready to give birth to my son—I mean, really ready—I had to wait about twenty minutes for the doctor to arrive. I didn’t get an epidural, but I had something to take the edge off the pain. Unfortunately, the something wore off before I could have more of it and the pain had about a thousand edges. My son was telling me most insistently that he was ready to emerge, and I had to hold onto him with every ounce of strength that I had. One of the nurses in the room kept repeating the same phrase over and over as I struggled to hold on: “You’re doing better than you think.”
Example...
Cop: 'Bigger.'
We walked passed the first ticket counter and food counter on the left and the Lounge to the right and entered a small room to purchase tickets. It looked quite fancy. I worried that the tickets would be super expensive, but on a week day, it only costs Rp. 50,000 (about $6 with the current exchange rate) per person. Isn’t this amazing? For kids movie, it is required to pay for our 2-year-old as well, so it ended up being Rp. 200,000 (about $24). That’s about how much you pay per person in Japan and in the States, you can only buy two tickets for adults.
U.S AMBASSADOR TO NIGERIA
Your Last 5 Google Searches: Pinterest.com, Fotolia.com, Spring Ring Trends, Trendy Rugs, and Satin Pillow
I’m laying on your bed, btw. I wrote this whole thing laying here.
Where was the terrorism being countered? Where was the threat of political violence? The only threat they posed was to the credibility of the police by drawing attention to their incompetence and racism.
Good luck making your money tree and keep this idea in mind anytime you want to stand out in your gift-giving gestures.
Nonetheless, the figure of Cthulhu will generate a chain of interpretations, adoptions and additions from countless professional and hobby writers, painters, musicians and even scholars. I’m curious who will add something new to this creature, maybe by carving out some more horrible things lurking in his not well-defined body.
The only answer for sin and death to be eliminated is through Jesus Christ.
My daughter plays first this time. She hits every note, but she is not feeling her music. The aujudicator calls her on a musical term she does not know. Daughter feels embarrassed from both a lack of her own musical knowledge as well as from the commentary on her playing. Bronze, this time. There are tears when she joins me afterwards. Big, fat crocodile tears. They stain her dress, while the sparkles from her skirt scatter across her face as she wipes the wetness away. I tell her how proud I am, but she has lost her edge. She is no longer confident.
One I'll definitely look out for on holiday on Cornwall this year.
Anyway, let's review. Last week the doctor put me on a supplement to help my thyroid, and also told me to decrease my wheat intake. And after doing that, here's how I feel:
It is worth mentioning that Caroline Flint4 recommends crawling, from the 36th week onwards, as a means of encouraging the baby to rotate into an anterior position. She notes however that many women ignore this advice because ‘crawling is very boring’. I think it can be made much more interesting by thinking about what one is doing and by tuning into the rhythm of the movement.
Item #: 11CWW-BS1002
I love that Tony IS the Iron Man, that the suit is a part of him, that he can take it off but he never stops being Iron Man. Copying the suit like that turns the Iron man into exactly what I always thought he was- just a suit. Suddenly the man inside does not matter anymore and that, is a shame. A sad, foolish ending, to an otherwise well told story.
Here’s the challenge, though. With pure motives and sometimes hidden service, without seeking praise and recognition, we can still serve with all our heart as if we would get a trophy.
Taste: 4
Using brown yarn, Ch 5, sc 4 starting at second ch from hook.
The story starts with his beauty,
The Children’s Holiday Party has lost it’s funding for 2011.
Good books with horrible covers - You know how you always hear "don't judge a book by it's cover"? This battle gives those books that you would never think to pick up off the shelf a chance. What gems are hidden beneath the horrendous cover art? And which book is best of them all?
Morris: Before discussing any of your books, a few general questions. First, who has had the greatest influence on your personal growth? How so?
But it's not because I'm cheap (Which I prefer to think of as frugal . . .)
*I tweeted this: "Just found out "This Means WAR" isn't about baseball stats. Had imagined Reese Witherspoon playing UZR. Sigh."
56. Quarantine
It’s also been confirmed that the game will take place on a frozen planet.
Deanna Sellyeh - Youth can be an advantage but inexperience can make the job more challenging. The upside of inexperience might be that when you don't have a set of go-to solutions you've devised over the years, you're perhaps more open minded in your approach.
January 25, 2012 -
What these people fail to understand is that if you’ve said something racist and f*cked up you’ve already been rude to me. You’ve already offended me and ignorance is no excuse because you are a grown person, you can read, you can research, you can figure out how to treat people with respect and equality.
But see how an innocent subplot can become integral to the main plot.
an alternative without improvement – this may be considered as obvious, where an
The over-all hotel revamping has been met with both positive and negative criticism. For such an enormous redesign undertaking, Matt and I found the bar to be surprisingly understated. I dig the long, glowing counter and the pretty multi-colored glass displays. The space feels open and airy without sacrificing a warm and welcoming ambience.
Hiltje testified how Modise went to the Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration to lay a complaint of unfair dismissal against her parents early in 2007.
Greg: kids on campus rioted in favor of
And trim the weeds
With all of my interns, I constantly find myself teaching them how to use Microsoft Outlook to track email, use tasks, and the like. But if you are a virtual intern, I can't do that. Hence, requirement number three: You must own and know how to use Microsoft Outlook, including Tasks. Why? Because I'm going to have to set you up with your own email account and because I'm going to be using Outlook to assign you tasks, which will be tracked in Outlook.
i love pairing mac posey with rock&republic x-rated. you could use one w/o the other but i really like layering the two for maximum lasting power.
- 1 lb. of ground pork
I thought 'How can I do this?' and came up with doing a project a day and posting 7 pictures of my projects once a week .... But then, what about the projects that take more than a day? ... with That thought and a little Deterrent from Hub's (He kindly reminded me how often I bite off more than I can chew) ....
Talking Heads
and its media brethren seem happy to put behind them.
I will give you back your health again and heal your wounds.
Was this jading of the mind and soul justified? I think so. All of us, young, middle-aged, and old know that old people are seen as less than and often something to be avoided in this life. It starts around 50 for most women when you realize people no longer see you. You are invisible. And then it moves on to get better and worse.
Enjoy, and have a fantabulous weekend!
Its green, dark green with dangerous granite mountains that block storms and cast shadows. Crystal rivers carve the dense valleys and rolling fields filling the wide blue lakes that shimmer like mirrors. Towering pines, birchs, oaks, maples and hemlocks sway in the unpredictable breeze, breaking the sunlight into warm silver beams that sparkle the dew-laden grass. The October landscape is changing. The green leaves are dying and turning to gold, ruby, amethyst, and garnet. The fallen leaves crunch under your feet and when you speak, you see your breath plume in front of you. Soon, the trees will be empty and bare, the ground will be white with snow and everything will be quiet, trapped in ice, asleep.
Lacey, WA 98513
Rustic Brown CS for the base from Fabriano....
Her message was that you should not compromise your Values even if it means going it alone. In the long run it will pay off.
Following her extremely sexy two Vogue Germany magazine covers released earlier this week, British model-turned-actress Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to stun in her accompanying cover shoot.
Two suggestions
Like days of my youth I am wishing for the power to twitch my nose and voila! a perfect house. Sigh.
First, I had to remove the casters. This ended up taking about 3" off of the chair, so now it's a little short. I definitely don't want it on casters, so do you guys have suggestions of what I could put at the bottoms of the legs instead? I need help here!
I'm going to take my laptop and my phone and I'm going to go to Starbucks and sit and I am going to write. At some point I plan to go and get a pedicure and perhaps a manicure because as God is my witness, my nails look like I've been walking the earth for centuries. I don't usually have time to care about them but tomorrow I will.
Lo & behold, I finally found Wet n Wild Tangled In My Web from their On The Prowl collection! I've been lemming a black glitter polish for the longest time!
After the form and balance tests, they had us do some improvisational movement. I was given the character of a tree, which is exactly what I had hoped for. I’ve seen stilt performers using four stilts (two on their arms,) covered in vines. I knew how to move for that kind of character, holding a freeze until people walked past, and then surprising them by suddenly coming to life. I also did an expressive sort of dance as a tree.
or the splendid growing of an ash-tree
“go to the one who loves you”
There is growing concern about the use of England’s draconian libel laws to stifle expert scrutiny of scientific evidence. Simon Singh, the science writer, has been sued for libel by the British Chiropractic Association over an article in which he questioned the evidence that spinal manipulation could treat childhood conditions such as asthma and colic.
At 6:50 we made our way to the corral. I was supposed to start in 6, but since it was Steven’s first race, I joined him in 9. He and I hadn’t run together since last summer at the beach, but I knew it would be a good time to at least run the first few miles together. We started around 10-15 minutes after the first corral was sent off. That was perfectly acceptable to me since I knew that we would take our time and put down around a 9 min/mile pace.
Rallie is adjusting great as well. The first couple days he wouldnt come near me (which added to my sadness) - but he finally got used to his new family members and loves sniffing their heads. He also sneaks in a few kisses from time to time and is back to being my lil sidekick.
Hundreds of people interviewed under the toughest circumstances possible without a subpoena. People working closely in situations where it looks pretty damning that something either incompetent or unethical happened, and no one says anything.
A few months ago, I snapped a picture of my Grandma kissing my neice, Mya.
Re-built from its core to be lightening fast and responsive, Lightroom 3 adds power throughout the application to provide a fluid experience for photographers. Images load almost instantaneously, and the import experience has been redesigned to be more intuitive, with added previews and default selections that give users quick access to sort through and find images. Helping streamline and adapt to photographers’ changing workflows, Lightroom 3 now allows users to import and manage DSLR video files, as well as take advantage of tethered shooting for select Nikon and Canon cameras.
Let us know what you think of the new items…your feedback is how we decide on items to add to our regular buffet.
30. Hi, I’m not trying to pressure you, I don’t want to kiss without mutual consent; but by the way, you have my consent, don’t worry!
Once all the extra lath and plaster was taken out, the sheathing was all replaced and fiberglas insulation was blown in. I don't know why fiberglas as opposed to cellulose, it's what my atchitect specified. I did some research and found discussion boards with arguments as to the pros and cons of each.
Personal conclusion: it was again a great experience to feel the team spirit, to discuss open minded, sharing the knowledge and experience and having fun working together!
Lucky Leprechaun Cookies
Had fun doing the stitching and making the shaped matt for this layout.
MH: With so many well known and well regarded writing cohorts you must have been imparted some great wisdom at some point. What's the best advice you've been given as a writer? Have you followed it?
And that famous question...
In NY, the majority of the Occupy May Day actions were calm and orderly, including marching on banks and businesses that they felt were somehow offensive. These ranged from protests around Bank of America and Chipotle, to people marching behind Tom Morello with guitars as a “guitar army”. According to CNBC Net Net:
2. couldn't sleep- molish
I cheated with the birthday cake and bought a sugar picture thing because simply I just didn’t have time to do anything else! :) Decorations I kept simple too – a handmade garland with Peppa Pig pictures, Peppa Pig labels for the food and drinks and a new shirt for Eli, which is is new favourite shirt because not only does it have George Pig on it but a dinosaur too! Win, win. Enough rambling, some pictures:
Still, he hasn't been much of a help on mine and Party Time's scheme of Credit Card Fraud. I think it is to do with his personal morality stopping him from thinking creatively or intuitively about it. Sort of like when the Puritanical lot ran the show, nobody could think of any way of fucking outside of the missionary position – then, with the gradual casting-off of mores – from the advent of the printing press to Nietzsche and the pill, people tried it different ways, thought about it more imaginatively, leading to porn & snuff, what we got now, turning a profit more or less.
There's scars on my face and broken bottles 'round this place that still remind me of him
Today's photo challenge theme is 'Before and After'. You have to know me well enough by now to guess it wasn't going to be a weight loss before and after!
Thanks for visiting and I hope you'll come back soon!
There is probably nothing more sure and clear than the title of this post. “Sin in the Church”. To ask, “Is there sin in our churches?” is a very unnecessary question. Where there is a church without sin; it is of their own confession; and not the truth. Besides where there is people there will be sin. By that statement I do not mean to lessen the gravity and seriousness of sin in the church.
A while back I met a lovely chap called Alan Kovan, it was actually about a year ago during our US beer festival. I took him on a boozy tour of north's finest tipples and, bless him, he gave me a bottle of unbelieveably brilliant Belgian red from New Glarus in Wisconsin. It was a cherry beer of true distinction and considerable rarity. I've only ever seen empty bottles since as it cannot be exported from Wisconsin. The empty bottles are usually on the shelves of the type of people who speak about beers like this in slightly hushed tones if you catch my drift...
I get pretty much all of my corbels from Home Depot. Lowe's has some as well, but HD's selection is better, in my opinion. The corbels under our cabinets and on the kitchen island were $9 each.
and? he's a little boy.
Here’s another of Lanza’s impenetrable statements: “The observer is the first cause, the vital force that collapses not only the present but the cascade of past spatio-temporal events we call evolution.”
Then this "Maybe you missed it Monday" is for you. Wknd of 7/11-7/12 Edition
By Friday night there were easily 2000 people at prayers. Surprisingly, I noticed a spot near the front and settled in, laying my songbook, scripture sheet, journal and reading glasses in a little patch of rug in front of me. We are nothing if not territorial. Someone nearby— someone very nearby— was ripe with epic B.O. I tried not to let it distract me, to think divine thoughts as the odor of a man— it had to be man— wafted across my prayer path. I couldn’t bring myself to look, thinking instead, compassionate thoughts about the long journey he must have driven to get here, the culture of hygiene being different wherever he was from, the obstacles to showering in Taize; still, did he ever stink. I considered moving but the church had already grown so full that they had opened the first set of industrial doors— an ingenious construct that adapted to intimate gatherings or massive celebrations— to expand the space.
Oatmeal or Cereal? Cereal. I had oatmeal for breakfast this morning, but I never love it as much as I do my cereal. I think it’s the crunch factor. I like to eat things that crunch.
I take the fact that my blog was Freshly Pressed yesterday as a sign – I don’t know if it’s from some higher power, but it means something significant to me. Because I had just on Tuesday stated to a group of 70 people at my company retreat that my personal goal for the next year is to cultivate my newly found passion for writing. I told them how I used to actually want to be a writer, imagine that, back in high school. I took creative writing classes and submitted poetry to competitions. And then I went to college and wrote term papers and essays. Then I went to work at a public relations agency, and I wrote press releases, brochures, PR/marketing plans and client e-mails. And then I cancelled my wedding just two and half months before the big day, and now I write stories, emotions, aspirations and fears. And suddenly, almost miraculously, I want to be a writer again. Yesterday’s Freshly Pressed recognition was like a little pat on the back from someone out there – you are on the right track. Keep writing. Keep believing in yourself.
That brutal torture sequence recalls such infamous similar scenes as James Bond's severe grilling at the hands of Le Chiffre in Ian Fleming's Casino Royale or Quiller's attempts to resist a drug-induced interrogation in Adam Hall's The Berlin Memorandum – quite purposefully, Duns being an acknowledged appreciator of both novels – but it's also informed by public school initiation ceremonies – something Duns is personally familiar with, having attended public school as a boy. Indeed, Paul Dark's experiences at school – in particular one brutal episode – in part drive the narrative, alongside his exploits as a mole – especially his recruitment after the war – and the nefarious manipulations of a shadowy right-wing group. As Paul and Sarah embark on a feverish – literally in Dark's case – dash to the Vatican and then Turin, there are double-crosses and violent encounters aplenty, culminating in a jaw-dropping revelation and an unexpected extraction.
The Nads last gig was Nov 17, 1981 opening for U2 in Providence on their second US tour; after that, Bob Kropp dropped out to pursue other interests. They spent a year or so auditioning guitarists and surviving moves to CT and NY. Bob Kropp finally rejoined the band, but by then Larry had enough and decided to leave. The other three carried on and enjoyed success under the name Action Faction, with a new lead singer.
1 observation
I wanted there to be a softness to the images and the for the lovely colour to pop.
I saw the Beatles live in 1964, 1965 and 1966. And the Rolling Stones in 1965 and 1972. That’s a give-away as to my age.
The problem, she adds, is “that you can’t make writers write the things they don’t want to write. You can’t present them with a fait accompli and say ‘You have to write a drama with a woman at the centre.’”
“The exco will be a subset of the board, which will take over the running and management of the airline in the interim. The main decision maker at the airline will be Md Nor,” said the source.
05) Here Is No Why
There was an acrid smell in the air, faint but discernible. This must be a sinkhole.
Thankfully, even though Kaladin has no idea what’s going on and he is put at the front when they’re returning, he doesn’t die.
The rest of Paul’s argument completely solidifies that understanding.
And as for the internet rumor that X number of people die each year from licking 9-volt batteries, this is a total myth. Electrical shock, to kill a person, must pass through the heart, causing arrhythmia. Even if the current were powerful enough to injure a person (which it's not) it never actually enters the body. When licking a 9-volt battery, the sensation is from the current passing between the two terminals across your wet tongue.
I went to yoga against yesterday. I've now spent a grand total of 3 hours in a yoga class in my entire life, all of them in the last 3 weeks, and I'm kind of obsessed. It came to me at a good time (or, really, I came to it). Yesterday's lesson focused on shámatha, a Buddhist "calm abiding" meditation using a dhárana, or single point of concentration. In short, by focusing on something other than all the things bouncing around in your head (aptly described as the monkey brain), like your body position and breathing, you give your monkey brain a branch to rest upon. And my little brain monkey needed a rest. As an added bonus my legs and arms were stretched to their max and my core muscles got a workout, but none of that compares to those few blessed moments that I was able to clear my head and focus solely on a spot beyond my closed eyelids. I leave that class feeling so relaxed and happy- a feeling that continued even after I came home to a house that was still missing a back door (it's back on now and looks FABULOUS), a shorted out electrical switch in the attic (that JP attempted to repair and nearly electrocuted himself; the trained and licensed electrician comes tomorrow), and an ever growing to-do list for getting our house on the market. I'll be at the studio every Sunday until we move, no matter how much JP lovingly mocks my non-aerobic monkey brain workout.
1/3 cup splenda (or use 1/3 cup white sugar)
Does that make it ok to play Indian or host a cowboys and Indians theme party? Absolutely not. It just goes to show how deeply the erasure of Native peoples runs. Just because our national narrative and history has somehow normalized the phenomenon does not excuse its roots in the process of systematic erasure of the First Peoples from our homelands.
Do you want to get published at Scrapstreet? I am having a call for Spring. Make a card, layout, or altered (album) item with a "Timeless" theme and send it in.
Lightly spray/grease 2 cookie sheets. Drop a dozen blobs of dough on each sheet. Bake 12-14 minutes. Remove with a spatula to cool on a wire rack. Repeat once more with remaining dough.
Once upon a time five bloggers joined forces in order to . . . actually, I have no idea what the point of the superblog is. We call it Fabulous Atypical Ramblings of Nuclear Cheese.
A squid should have two tentacles as well, but things start getting crowded after eight, so technically these are octopi (octopuses?). Oh well, let's just pretend they're squid. Arrange the strips in a circular pattern, pressing down in the middle to join them together.
I'm a little slow with these photos as it happened almost a month ago. I forgot I had them until I found them when looking on my hard drive for some other photos. Better late than never, eh?
So, it's clear that i've no time to update my precious blog :( i'm trying to create the work that will pay my bills. No spare time for crochet and knotting, but i'm not sad: i'm just creating one of the most important thing of my life. I will be a freelance, i will be an energy engineer and a web developer: PHP and XHTML will be my new crochet hook & tread. Yes, i'm becoming a truly geek ^^
11. I tried phone s*x once, but the holes in the dial were too small.
There definitely is a growing nostalgia out there for things that remind us of our childhood. And I love the idea of an individual being able to wear something to reflect that. I’ve been making these brooches with the monkeys, paint and resin.
Beat and stir some more,
52 layouts (most single page-a trend in my work that I'm noticing)
List the cities in which you have lived so far.
Israel – Where Breakthroughs Happen by israelimage Boy from southern Israel writes to the IDF Chief of Staff AvitalLeibovich: A rocket fired a few minutes ago from #Gaza into #Israel. #IsraelUnderFire #still It’s come to this: Israelis warned not to travel to Turkey shortly after Erdogan accuses Israel of genocide AnnaUkolova: Ракета запущенная из #СекторГаза упала на территории южного #Израиль #IsraelUnderFire Israel Under Fire: Summary of Events
- she has amazing eyes. they started out blue and recently, they can't decide what they want to be. there's a small amount of brown, a lot of blue, and sometimes they are green. when the light hits them, they literally sparkle. our girls were blessed with sparkly eyes. the thing that makes her eyes unique is her lashes. extremely long and DARK. the girl will never have to wear mascara if she doesn't feel like it. she definitely got her daddy's lashes and I'm grateful one of our girls were blessed with them. we get comments & stopped by strangers on a daily basis about her eyes. I'm hoping emerie won't get some sort of complex, because Tim & I think her eyes are incredible, too.
Joseph Stephenson, a twenty-three year old American computer specialist, was drafted and has just finished going through training camp. The US has invaded Chinese soil and is pushing an aggressive campaign to cover the entire Chinese nation. In order to see this goal through, a new system of warfare has been initiated by the US government. Soldiers’ kills are tracked and used to create currency-like points.
Gulab jamun originates from an Arabic dessert, Luqmat Al-Qadi (Arabic for "the judge's bite"), that became popular in the Indian Subcontinent during the Mughal era. Rosewater syrup is often used; however saffron syrup and honey are also common. The dessert also became popular in Turkish-speaking areas, spreading to the Ottoman Empire.
But wait! The weather is turning
e = 329.63 = chord three
Well, this has been about the grumpiest week in living memory. I had a sinus infection and bronchitis during a week I'd hoped to spend doing large amounts of exercise; I was also hoping for clarity to emerge on a piece of work stuff that instead turns out to be enmired even more deeply in murkiness than I had hitherto guessed (in this case murkiness leads me to believe the outcome will ultimately be negative, and in fact the only thing to do now is completely detach from it emotionally!). Foul mood only slightly dispelled by regular yoga. Woke up at 4 this morning and couldn't get back to sleep at all; every few minutes, strove to unclench my extremely tightly clamped jaw muscles, but to little avail!
Quality: vg
My Islam is William S. Burroughs shooting his shotgun into paintings
shivering for an old-time sneaker,
Drawing and sketching, however doesn't work that way. I bought the book One Drawing a Day by Veronica Lawlor, whose work I love, and hope to work my way through it. I'm looking to loosen up and just do it and enjoy it. I think doing a quick lesson a day will help. This is lesson 2, working with dip pens and ink. I never use dip pens but I really had fun with this. I couldn't resist adding color!
The Liebster Blog Award is a German word which meands "Dearest" or "Beloved", but can also mean "Favourite". The aim of the Liebster Blog Award is to draw more attention to some really lovely blogs with 200 or less followers.
1. The only focus was gross output per acre. No account was taken for the damage being done to those acres. So the conclusion that growing more food would take more acres, if done organically, was a faulty conclusion.
Formaldehyde
Please support these wonderful artists, add some color to someone's life and buy fabulous gifts at the same time! ﻿Happy Shopping!
I want to share a great place to order breakfast delivery in Los Angeles or brunch delivery in Los Angeles. I grew up in Southern California, and still have lots of family there. I know they will be excited to order from Brunch Butler. You can order online or call 866-264-7036. They are LA's first breakfast and brunch delivery service! They can cater your next event too. They sell daily fresh breakfast and brunch boxes. Take a look at some of their tantalizing offerings below:
“Not by works of righteousness which we have done but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost.”
I have been conscious of healing and maturing since February 1999. “Spiritual journey” and “spiritual growth” are other useful metaphors. Around that time I read Scott Peck’s work, who posited four stages: selfish and amoral; rule-observing; intellectual- working things out for onesself; and spiritual. The first time I read of his stage four, I did not understand it at all; the second time, I thought I did, and decided that meant I had progressed, though Peck says that his “stage four” is only the beginning. I also read “Awareness” by Anthony de Mello, and got the idea of becoming awake, which at the time I linked to being aware of the spiritual journey and now link to Brené Brown’s “Vulnerability”. The “Saved” might be the people on the journey, or might be all of us: we heal and grow whether we are aware of it or not.
My first thought was relief; the young actors playing Prosper, Bo, the Thief Lord and the other children are perfect. The movie was filmed on location in Venice, and the city, with its mix of old and new and with hints of magic everywhere, was beautifully captured. Readers who loved the book will enjoy this film; and viewers who didn't read the book will have no problem following the story.
Cerny said most of the criminal cases from the reservation that he defends in federal court are easy cases for the U.S. attorney’s offices. If a case is questionable, they leave the cases in tribal court, he said.
Whether or not you can provide a review for this title during the tour
All this to say that, by senior year, I had sworn off boyfriends and was determined to have a year of uncomplicated fun. I was too good a girl to play the field so I strutted proudly among those dressed in head-to-toe black on Valentine's Day in premeditated solidarity with six other I-am-Woman-Hear-Me-Roar vixens.
You say I'm cool, huh, I'm no fool
When you are lonely, let me be your companion.
chariot last night.
This is my mama. I still call her mama and always will do so. I wish she still looked this good. She has dementia so bad and lives in a nursing home with her sister. Well, she fell on Sunday and broke her hip. They are doing surgery today at 1:00 to put a pin in it. Now we all know that at age 83 and with some health issues, anything can happen. Some prayers for us would be greatly appreciated and I will update tomorrow. Thanks!
With some smoothing and optimisation the front end, 2012 cars should not need to look like my first literal drawing of the nose. But we will see some old ideas reinvented and a lot of variation in team’s interpretation of the new rules.
6 step
8. Gold and Silver
bring this land to repentance if God wills it….otherwise you will see what
People tell me that my talking, both in real life and on the internet, is both long-winded and excessively formal. More specifically, TV Tropes would call me Sophisticated as Hell.
Westerners who are new to researching Southern Africa often have the initial erroneous presumption that the Boers were Colonials due to their Caucasian / ethnic European appearance but the fact of the matter is that they never were as the Boers are the result of a homegrown culture which sprang up on African soil out of the diverse groups the VOC brought to the Cape starting in the mid 1650s. The original White arrivals were brought out from northern Europe as servants of the Dutch East India Co. / the VOC - a semi private company which set up a victualing station at the Cape for passing ships & founded Cape Town. Those first arrivals were by & large of German & Frisian ethnic origin -most of whom were flooded out of their homes by the VOC & later forced to accompany Jan Van Riebeeck to the Cape- as well as smaller numbers of Dutch. Then about 35 years later large numbers of French Huguenot refugees escaping political & religious persecution in France were sent to the Cape were they would within the next generation amalgamate with the other arrivals & shape the emerging homegrown language which would later be called Afrikaans. Though the Boers often called - & still often do call - their dialect the taal or the language which was a different dialect even from the dialect spoken by the White proto Afrikaans speakers of the Western Cape who would go on later to label the language Afrikaans.
Messages given to an individual can affect any area of that person’s life, i.e. health, relationships, economics, and so forth. Such messages take the form of “advice” meant to clue a person in to a matter that is of concern, usually to the person’s future. For messages that concern the masses as a whole, the Messenger Angel will appear and transmit the message to a person or persons of choice. If and when the message is of a spiritual nature, the message concerns everyone, not just a particular sect, religion, or philosophy.
My column this week is on Musa Sadr's disappearance in Libya 32 years ago. I briefly note a couple of quotes by some authors about the possible role played by Khomeini and some of his lieutenants in the disappearance, while exploring the politics and history behind it.
If a story idea sticks around in your mind—and will glorify God in it's telling—then it's something to wait upon and pray about! The story may not come to fruition in this decade, but you can be certain it's unsinkable!
Elphine House Australia is an Australian based company that has a big ambition to supply the crafting fans with the magical and enchanting illustrations of the world renown artist Elisabeth Bell. Elphine House is all about promoting the things that stirs the magical feelings within our hearts. Some place deep within us all is a child still with fantastical, imaginary possibilities waiting to emerge. Elphine House is about celebrating those moments.
Even if they didn't leave a message.
Poor kid was that scared.
So what happens if the permission is refused?
Who knows, maybe one day, I’ll even share the name my parents gave me at birth because I love it equally for different reasons. Meanwhile, here plunges Aurora Morealist into that great void of linguistic manoeuvering and literary license.
Meditation: How do you treat those who cause you grief or harm, especially those who are close to you in some way? In his last supper discourse, Jesus addressed the issue of fidelity and disloyalty in relationships. Jesus knew beforehand that one of his own disciples would betray him. Such knowledge could have easily led Jesus to distance himself from such a person and to protect himself from harm’s way. Instead, Jesus expresses his love, affection, and loyalty to those who were his own, even to the one he knew would “stab him in the back” when he got the opportunity. Jesus used a quotation from Psalm 4:9 which describes an act of treachery by one’s closest friend. In the culture of Jesus’ day, to eat bread with someone was a gesture of friendship and trust. Jesus extends such friendship to Judas right at the moment when Judas is conspiring to betray his master. The expression lift his heel against me reinforces the brute nature of this act of violent rejection.
opening your eyes to the great design:
It’s my weakness to expect truthful relationship. But once I was reminded that it’s also my strength.
Cover with 1/3 of white mixture. Beat in 2 tablespoons of Nesquick strawberry powder to the remaining mixture and pour it in the pan. (at this point it will be really sticky so you need to make it fast) Put it uncovered in the fridge for at least 8 hours.
weight loss and dieting during 159
Tuesday, February 6th–I was sick and had two teeth extracted. I had my first, blissful experience of laughing gas.
Mr. President, there will be difficult days ahead. But as we move forward with our transition, I’m confident that Afghan forces will grow stronger, the Afghan people will take control of their future. With this agreement, I am confident that the Afghan people will understand that the United States will stand by them, and they will know that the United States can achieve our goal of destroying al Qaeda and denying it a safe haven, but at the same time, we have the capacity to wind down this war and usher in a new era of peace here in Afghanistan.
these notes resonated a path to the future. Only few took their way
Of movement,
Unlike the monetarist policies implemented by Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan in the early 80's there is no widespread support from any sector of Greek society for the changes which are seen as unfair and deeply destructive. Whereas Thatcher could rely upon electoral support of Southern England and large sections of the working class, disgruntled with the Labour party Giorgos Papandreou's PASOK has no such mandate and has alienated virtually all the party's natural allies since taking power in 2009. What is left is spin which is propagated by a suppine local media and blunt police force, a recipe for instability as at some point neither will be sufficient to contain the growing sense of unjustice over what is happening to the Greek economy.
6. A large local brewery will have some major difficulties.
EPISODE 171
He added that the presidential delegation included Vice- President Al-Haj Adam Yousif, Minister of the Presidency Bakry Hassan Salih, Presidential Assistant Nafie Ali Nafie, Defense Minister Abdel-Rahim Mohamed Hussein, Minister of the Council of Ministers Ahmed Saad and Presidential Assistant Abdul-Rahman Al- Sadiq Al Mahdi.
A few days ago we had a hail storm which caused a lot of damage in nearby suburbs but we were lucky and escaped damage. It was a very hot day and the hail was melting as soon as it hit the ground. If you strain your eyes you can see the hail falling.
3. Bethenny has an appearance at a Connecticut grocery store to promote her Bethenny Bakes line. She tells the camera that usually when she makes an appearance, hundreds of people are there. But this appearance...crickets. WORSE than crickets. Everyone is avoiding or ignoring her, so she decides to approach people (with lights and a camera, no less). She is offering them free cupcakes and they are all "no. Do you know where the rostisserie chicken is?" I had to laugh, but only because Bethenny was laughing too. Well, okay, I would have laughed no matter what.
- Paint and Crayons (I *love* crayons!)
The French make kids early, independently of their working conditions, as the system offers a lot of support to young parents. This results in a mentality of focus in a closed circle and they are used to spend time and energy only for their own sake and the one of their beloved ones. For the people outside this circle they have their education, their politeness, but honestly they don’t really care and abstain from any serious efforts for communication. (this is of course a generalisation, but I am sure that people who know France a little will get the point..). The mentality of tango on the other hand is the one of a popular dance, of a common social event, which in addition in Argentina is coupled with a series of rules, part of a ‘tango code of practice’. In France the world ‘popular’ almost doesn’t exist, as everybody is equal to the others and this is the first conflict between France and tango. And there are several others…
London Broil
It looks like the witch's hut isn't going to sell, and I've discovered I'm pretty happy about that prospect. While I've been taking a short break from writing, I've been spending most of my time de-witching the yard and all the work I've been putting into it is starting to make this place feel a little more like *home*.
As Coordinator of the Pauline K. Winkler Speech-Language-Hearing Center at Saint Rose, I oversee daily operations of the clinic including policy development, assistive technology assessments and intervention planning, program development, supervision of up to 10 licensed and certified speech-language pathologists. Responsible for up to 20 graduate students participating in first graduate clinical practicum
Do you long for me in my absence
That marriage is
There is a moment of grace and enlightenment near the end of the book (I’m not spoiling any plot) that is both profoundly moving and presents a spiritual insight that is worthy of the contemplative masters, and that I don’t think could have been communicated so effectively in any other medium. It takes a lot for me to say that, as a cinema fanatic; but perhaps there is something in this graphic novel thing.
John 15:19 (King James Version) If ye were of the world, the world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you.
24 Werewolf Arm (a sonnet referring to Chris’ birthmark)
*Plant a garden
her nerves
So I went from day to day
Right, enough for now. I'm off to make a glove puppet show about integral calculus...
I created the background with doily stamps and Baja Breeze ink then sponged around the edges with Tea Stain ink (from SU's distressing kit) and roughed-up the edges with a file from the same kit (am loving this at the moment!). The label was embossed with white onto Crumb Cake cardstock and cut with the cordinating nestie. The circle was stamped with a greeting in Baja Breeze and a little detail from the doily set with Tea Stain ink. I added some tiny pearls to glam in up a bit! The ribbin is retired So Saffron grosgrain and I added a lemon button to the centre with some linen thread. The Baja Breeze layer was punched along the bottom to get the scallop look.
A few mullable Muggeridge Quotes:
I fell in love with Ann Patchett's writing when I read her amazing, PEN/Faulkner Award-winning novel Bel Canto. She is the author of many other novels including Run, The Patron Saint of Liars, and most recently State of Wonder.
p103-4 “Through their terrifying visions, the prophets but confirmed and amplified Yahweh’s ineluctable chastisement upon His people who had not kept the faith. And it is only insofar as such prophecies were ratified by catastrophes…that historical events acquired religious significance; i.e., that they clearly appeared as punishments inflicted by the Lord in return for the impiousness of Israel. Because of the prophets, who interpreted contemporary events in the light of a strict faith, these events were transformed into ‘negative theophanies,’ into Yahweh’s ‘wrath.’ Thus they not only acquired meaning…but they also revealed their hidden coherence by proving to be the concrete expression of the same single divine will. thus, for the first time, the prophets placed a value on history, succeeded in transcending the traditional vision of the cycle…, and discovered a one-way time.”
Thanks for stopping by. Chao for now! --C
(The Arrogance Feature by PHILLIP WITTMEYER at michaelteachings.com)
Mouthfeel: thin, light, some astringency on the finish.
the fact that we are trying out another neutral color
I think I normally write too much - and bore people - so this time just a few words about this performance: -
RP hung up (not in ager) and called my office to ask us to take a print out for him of his hall ticket. Did I mention that this was little past 10 in the night? Talk about late realization. If I am not wrong, we did have a little fun at R’s expense, telling him that we didn’t have ink in our printer, and could only print in white ink. We asked him if it was ok to paint a paper black and print with white font. I am not really sure if this was the sequence of events, but I think it was. I hope it was, because this seems like a good story.
Meanwhile, Glyndebourne is currently offering a free streaming on its website of On Such a Night. It's a wonderfully 1950s film directed by Anthony Asquith, designed to introduce audiences, and Americans in particular, to the delights of English country house opera. Catch it here.
A few of the roses, including the Knockouts, 'Old Blush,' 'Dortmund,' and 'Caldwell Pink' still carry a few blooms, as well.
Bizzarely, I was lucky enought to meet my soul mate. Obviously, I also failed to keep him.
As I said in my post yesterday, Jake and I have bought a lot of stuff for Jaxon since we've been back in San Diego. I wanted to show you all some of the stuff we bought for him so here's the pictures!
For the sauce, I sauteed thinly sliced onion until almost caramelized. Then I added in a ton of garlic (like 4 cloves) and cooked for a minute more before de-glazing with a few splashes of balsamic vinegar. Next I added in a tablespoon each of mustard and strawberry preserves, and a tablespoon or two of water. Then I added back in the cooked tempeh and vegetables, seasoned with salt and pepper, and cooked until each piece was coated in the sauce and heated through. (Just a few minutes.)
Hodgson gave a good, concise account of himself on Tuesday as he sat flanked by his employers, but he will be wily enough to know that the truest and toughest gauge of public opinion will come in the form of the three Group D games this summer, and even warm-up games with Norway and Belgium before that. The final two games of West Brom’s domestic season will be managed by Hodgson’s habit for professionalism, before he will go about picking his 23 man squad to embark on Europe in June. He will do his bit in preparing England the best he can, but he also needs the media and the like to dismiss the candidancy of Harry Redknapp just like the FA board have done. “This is big, this is England” he rallied on Tuesday, but he also needs the country to be united.
2. Make a new theme related project every other week. We are broken up into teams so that each team only posts twice a month. Teams will be determined once the members are chosen. Cards must be loaded into the folder by 12 noon EST the day before the challenge goes live.
By understanding the reasons to why we must make time for someone, we are ensuring that we live a fulfilled life without any regrets, based on this blogger named Andy Pitt (:
Illusion (Magic, Psionics)
France is the second biggest market for McDonald's outside the grand ol' US of A. According to the CEO of Maccas in France, "les restos McDo" (as they are affectionately known here in France) open at a faster rate in la belle France than in any other country in Europe, and the McDonald's store on the Champs Elysées is the most profitable outlet of the hamburger and fry empire in the entire world.
When I make a mistake as soon as I realize it or its brought to my attention, I immediately apologize (if I’m honestly in the wrong-I’m not a door mat and I don’t let others take advantage, yet I have a deep desire to be a kind, giving, loving person). But I have a tendency to carry the regret and even grief over my mistakes even after the other person has obviously let it go and moved on. So, by my not letting go also, am I keeping the mistake alive? Am I allowing it power it doesn’t deserve and maybe in fact never had until I refused to let go and forgive myself.
I get back upstairs and begin my lecture.
Those are a few tips. Do you have any special techniques for this style of cooking.
Radiation affects the central nervous system, brain function and balance, along with human behavior, and all psycho-physical response in between. So flaring from the same star can cause us to feel nervous, anxious, jittery, dizzy, irritable, lethargic, exhausted, and suffer short-term memory lapses. We can sometimes even feel nauseous, distracted, and suffer headaches.
watercolor
Rural consanguineous marriages = 37.9%
“Therefore the Lord himself will give you a sign: The virgin will be with child and will give birth to a son, and will call him Immanuel.”
When I moved back to Massachusetts, I didn't have any crafty friends and eventually that led me to the online crafty world of Papertrey Ink and blogging; lucky for me, I was able to mix in some PTI fun on my trip as well. I'll start with that since it happened first.
In the program’s final piece, Johan Inger’s “Falter,” a jungle of hanging ropes compressed the stage’s vertical space, trapping dancers in a live horror story. Dancers used free floating strobe lights to highlight different parts of the stage, to give their own movements inhuman ticks and to scan one another’s bodies. Throughout the first section, unlit dancers slinked across the bottom of the stage like spiders while soloists demonstrated technical virtuosity with complicated jumps and turns.
God’s love is infinite and all-embracing. God’s love does not discriminate. God’s love does not reject. If you are trans, God’s love holds you tenderly—especially tenderly, because of the challenges you face in a society that is often ignorant and intolerant. You are good. You are whole. You are of God, in God, with God, always. Your soul shines with divine light.
The first time I saw it, I thought it to be a fluke. The second, a coincidence. The third, I knew they were on to something. I've said for sometime the best way to get people to recycle is to make it as convenient as throwing something away. Seattle has been placing recycling bins next to their trash cans for eons. What I found unique to the blue and black bins was a green one.... A compost bin. Yes, now you have the option, at least in Seattle, to compost your food instead of tossing it in the trash. What a concept.
I went to Downingtown with Tom yesterday to get some yeast for el Bat. I was only here once before, about 3 years ago, and never got to see the actual brewery. I was completely blown away by the size of this place! I never new Victory was so massively produced and distributed. The size and amount of freaking fermenters in that place was enough to get my beer nerd blood running for weeks. So much good beer!
There were three separate studio recording sessions; the last one produced the three songs that make up this Ep. 1,000 copies were pressed, as well as a number of buttons/pins picturing the Nads logo; some of which were thrown into the crowd at shows. They played all the requisite places, Lupo’s Heartbreak Hotel, The Living Room in Providence, The Rat in Boston, CBGB’s and Hurrah’s in NYC. The RI press was especially supportive and featured the band several times in the area papers. They gigged regularly with bands like the Neighborhoods, Robin Lane and The Chartbusters, The Schemers and Human Sexual Response; as well as opening for bands such as: Mink DeVille, U2, and Squeeze. Glen Tilbrook of Squeeze became a friend, and had agreed to produce their follow up record, but the band broke up before it happened.
The US website “Water, use it wisely“ has 112 suggestions for saving water. Some of them are quite specific to the American situation … and some assume that you have things like a pool, but if you take those out, you’re still left with 100 ideas.
May you experience His presence this year as you never have before- wrapped in the arms of your Savior.
I work in a fairly technical environment, and a lot of the times, there are more chiefs than there are indians if you know what I mean. I’ve learned great amounts of patience in my working career. So much so that it’s tried on a daily and hourly basis. Being a Christian in today’s workforce is hard, but I will continue to fight the good fight and be the example I’m called to be since I am to be “Christ-like.”
There was no mistaking it: it was cute! Built in 1939, two bedrooms, one bath, decent size yard, wood floors, newish roof, sewage compliance work required by the City of Oakland beginning in 2012 already completed, pipes and electrical updated, no major foundation work needed, alarm equipment already installed, decent landscaping, off-street parking, on a dead-end street in the very neighborhood we were hoping for. There had to be a catch!
5. If you had the opportunity to sit down with Ethan, Merit, Mallory, and Catcher for a bite to eat like in the beginning of Chapter 12, what questions would you ask them at this point of the story?
Now tell me why we are supposed to fear the Democrats again? Tell me what they are going to do to exacerbate our difficulties? Because the other solution we have as a choice is to continue down that same path. And anyone who believes that McCain is not going to be beholden to the Christian Right and the same financial wizards that got us into this mess don’t understand politics.
No property damage or fights occurred during their ride, but they sounded like they were up for either. After a few minutes of noise, the lads got off to see the band at the Aragon Ballroom, which is on the North Side of Chicago, within sight of the El. I did some looking around, and that must have been during the Beasties' infamous 1987 tour.
- If an actor made a mistake like bumping into something or dropping a prop, that's the take that inevitably was used
When she strikes up an unlikely friendship with the Rev Marcus Calloway things get a tad tricky, not least because the vicar has a few secrets he’d rather keep under wraps. A relationship between the two develops though it isn’t an easy ride, with mistrust and doubts on both sides.
Clyde Frazier, 41, New York, N.Y.
Finding that there was not much iron ore in the mine in Mahugwi they wanted to go to Mount Wedza where there was plenty, but his family refused, because they saw that after moving there other people from different places would come and live in their country and the chieftainship would be taken as had happened when he went to Zululand. When Tingini heard this he agreed for them to remain and they lived there for many years until he died.
2. "Like" Chase Community Giving by clicking on the "Like" button.
Given that Joseph was returning to his home town, it’s highly unlikely he would not be able to find shelter there. Even allowing for the shame of a child conceived out of wedlock, hospitality codes meant that strangers could expect some welcome, let alone a member of the family expecting the birth of a baby. Moreover, that Jesus was born ‘while they were there’ suggests plenty of time to arrange suitable housing.
The Florida-Friendly Landscaping™ program will present a free workshop on how to
I flew out of Salt Lake Sunday morning at 8:30 to LA where I had the privilege of sharing half of my seat with a rather large man, he didn’t ask if he could have part of my seat but I figured it was the right thing to do.... :) Once in LA I made my way to the international terminal, which if any of you have been to the international terminal you know that means hordes and hordes of Asians! Luckily I was 5 hours early so there was no line and I checked right in. I decided to check out the food joints and walked around for a bit when I decided to go through security I reached for my passport only to find an empty pocket! Panic set in and as I started to frantically retrace my steps I hear over the loud intercom “Natalie Jane Smalley, please come to the information desk” oops! I ran to the information desk and asked the man if someone had turned in my passport, he looked at me with skeptical eyes and then down at the passport, “Name?” “Jayne Smalley” I said, he finally handed it to me and said “You’re a very lucky girl.” Ya think? :)
“Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.”
My hope was to make Drizzt’s outfit more black, but I had to settle for black and brown. Ideally I would like to put some appropriate enchants on the two blades – one icy and one shimmery.
Terry Pratchett is simply a genius. He has a knack for hitting every nail squarely on the head. His writing is often classified as "fantasy" because it takes place on Discworld, but make no mistake about it: Pratchett's feet are planted firmly on Earth and he is satirizing everything about it he can get his hands on.
I began the book in the spring of 2006, finished the first draft in 2007, and sold it in the summer of 2008.
Europeans seem much more pragmatic than Americans, who are so idealistic. I feel much more optimistic about the future around Europeans because they seem to be generally more realistic about things: economic, social, cultural, whatever. But this can also lead to a kind of defeatism. Idealism is a quality that makes us Americans special; it’s what gave us the drive to achieve all the crazy awesome shit we’ve done. But Americans are now so idealistic about so many stupid, unrealistic things. It is also no longer positivist idealism, but a negative, destructive clinging to increasingly dogmatic ideals. In fact, the last person who said, “Yes we can,” has been vehemently opposed, attacked and undermined every step of the way. That is what commitment to ideals has become in America–a tunnel vision that is becoming ever more rigid, stubborn, unwilling and bitter. Most Americans spend a great deal of emotion and energy on socially conservative issues that don’t affect them personally while overlooking issues that actually do.
At the book faire, a small version of our BEA, I had my very own booth babes. So fashionably dressed.
We just love the contrast between the femininity of the silk blouse and the masculinity of the leather vest! Only a girl like Lee would think about this unexpected combo, which looks so perfect for a rock concert!
I did the eyes in advance because I wanted to use Crystal Effects and it takes a little while to dry when you use a blob to make the 3D eyes. Now we have the Multipurpose adhesive sheets, I could make them all up on the adhesive sheet, so they could easily be stuck on during the class.
If the referendum is close, that the postal votes landed on doorsteps on the same day as the No campaign leaflet might be enough to swing it to the status quo.
I worked in silence apart from the quiet running of the kick wheel as I turned then handled mugs. The blackbirds were shouting loudly outside, so I knew that the rain tapping on the roof was only showers, until mid-afternoon when they fell quiet..and the rain fell steadily.
Earlier that month, with our temporary registration in hand, we put the boat into Assateague Bay for the first time. It was on that trip that we named her. We toured the five marinas on Chincoteague and paid specific attention to boat monikers. “Birthday Wishes”, “Reel Time”, “Triple R”, “Miss Daisy May”, “Island Time”, “Dream Baby”, “Crabber One.”
Jacket (Le Chateau, consignment), sweater (Banana Republic, thrifted), skirt (Desigual, thrifted), shoes (Prepare Guides, Fluevog).
Do we hear a silent scream of delight amongst Poonam’s secret admirers and followers?
Details to follow!
We thought we'd share a few Mother's Day ideas that we are doing in our classrooms.
Wash your hands before you eat.
Back in September I came across a devotional from Dr. Charles Stanley about fasting and prayer in which Dr. Stanley describes fasting as a step away from both food and activities to get rid of any distractions.
In my youth,
It's Sunday again-Huzzah!! Sunday is a.k.a laundry day for us here. I have a couple of layouts to share today. One is a layout I did last week and just didn't get around to posting and the other I just did today.
Whites are presented as fat, over weight, while ethics are bright and clean. A television programme “How clean is Your House” has two women visit inadequate parents to tell them how to bring their children up. They select lower class inadequates but never tell an inadequate Muslim couple how to bring their children up.
03. Times Growing Worse (Adamkewitz/Adamkewitz) - 3:19
PNC Elects William S. Demchak President of the Corporation
The matter has been referred to the ICD and the family intends taking legal action against the police. They are also seeking political intervention.
So, yes, before we all knew about the cancer and the infidelity, Elizabeth Edwards did indeed pique my interest, impress and intrigue me.
PAUL SHALAKO bs B
I went with Shelley's mirror style from House of Smith's and bought my mouldings at Lowe's. I bought 2 pieces of 12 ft "Victorian" baseboard moulding, 5 1/2" wide or so. I am glad I had this much as I had to re-cut one piece. Perfect miter cuts, even with a laser miter saw, take some practice. Also, lucky me, the builder used the track at the bottom, mirror clips, AND mirror mastic to hold my mirror in place! Yea me! So I could remove the mirror clips but the track at the bottom was going nowhere since the mirror was super stuck to the wall so I had to figure out how to work around it.
He has three children that he loves deeply.
Tandoori Aaloo at home...........isn,t it sounds interesting.yes it is ........ I was also very excited when i read this recipe in one of the blog....yes it was Madhvi's blog ,Vegetarian Medley and decided to give it a try and it came out really very well.....Thanks Madhvi for sharing this recipe.....I liked it so much that i even don't want to change name ....The only change which i have done is that i did not use Kasoori Methi and garnish it with chopped spring onion in my recipe...so here comes the recipe....
According to said Paul Gatza, director of the Brewers Association, “In the last 15 years, craft brewing has gone from one percent of the overall beer market to almost six percent in 2011.”
Jesus came and stood in their midst and said to them, “Peace be with you.”
Meanwhile, in other news, I ran 2 miles yesterday and 1.5 today. With the dog. Double whammy! Normally I would laugh at 1.5 miles but it’s kind of freeing to just run for the purpose of moving a bit. No grand plan, no monitoring my pace, just running. And at that kind of mileage, it’s over before you know it! Not to mention, I’m teaching Beulah to run short distances with me and it takes time. I let her stop and sniff stuff and all, in order to keep it fun for her too. By the end of the mile or two she is focused and ready to run. Hmmm… maybe we’ll try three miles soon and see how that goes. Or not. As long as I keep at least a mile a day…
The case was about complications of a business loan spinning into a very vicious cycle and eventually turned bad. A straight forward term loan was raised by Tajuddin as a ‘privatisation project to improve financial and profitability of Malaysia Airlines’. Many also want to be believe that then he was asked to take over Malaysia Airlines from Bank Negara in 1994 for RM 1.792 billion. The taking-over of Malaysia Airlines shares from Bank Negara alone was a story which has a very interesting history to it.
I have been blessed but in a boring way this month. Getting over illness is a less than glamourous part of daily life.
All the believers were one n heart and mind. No one claimed that any of his possessions was his own, but they shared everything they had. With great power the apostles continued to testify to the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, and much grace was upon them all. There were no needy persons among them. For from time to time those who owned lands or houses sold them, brought the money from the sales and put it at the apostles’ feet, and it was distributed to anyone as he had need.
Binabasa ko na pinadala ni GQ. Finally!
I wake up to another morning,
If you order an emailed E-tutorial or e-pictorial then an Email with a .PDF (Portable Document Format) attachment is sent to you which you then need to download to your computer, save, and then open in Adobe Acrobat.
Grab a sweatshirt, dial down the air conditioning and have some soup!
As a result of these findings, educators are scrambling to unearth the magical tome carrying elusive pedagogical spells that can help us “cure” our boys. “There is a problem with all these boys that can’t and won’t read!” we cry, dismayed. “We must find a way to fix them all! There has to be a solution!”
And of course there's Jerry, who is the best outside cat ever. I still cannot pet him. He is forever feral. But that doesn't stop him from coming up for food. He was here before I moved to Razzberry Corner.
As the story goes more and more things we discover and through those events we learn more of our characters. It's kind of hard to explain what's going on in this manga because whatever that I want to mention it ends up being a spoiler for something. So to prevent this I guess you'll just have to read the thing if you want some more plot exposition.
The NYC Department of Environmental Protection is automating its water meter reading capabilities to increase billing accuracy and provide customers with the tools they need to better manage their water usage.
Sometimes, I feel just like that (apart from the tearing off of heads). I’m sitting there at my desk or in my room or something, and across the way people are laughing and hob-nobbing, and I COULD go over there and join in – but for some reason I don’t. I have this strange and unlovable combination of feelings I call the Grendel Effect. It goes like this:
How to make sense of all this? If the Arab forces that conquered so much territory beginning in the 630s were not energized by the teachings of a new prophet and the divine word he delivered, how did the Islamic character of their empire arise at all? If Muhammad did not exist, why was it ever considered necessary to invent him?
But from this start exploring the more or less scientific concept the story opens up onto a more eccentric vista. I used the word poetic, but there’s an obvious oddity to this term when applied to television. Typically when we use the word “poetic” we really mean “lyrical,” that is, essentially working according to a non-narrative structure. Lyric poetry, contrasted with the narrative form of epic poetry, is a poetry based on the expression of emotions. But film and television are almost entirely narrative media. A tradition of experimental film existed by 1981, but it was still obscure and, well, experimental. It’s not something you can just spring on BBC1 in a family slot and expect people to catch on.
It all sounds so over-dramatic, and maybe it was. But stepping off that plane into the 100% humidity, all I could think about was how tight money was, and what a strange and pivotal point in my life I was coming up on. I wasn't even sure that I would be able to enjoy myself. I felt thin from too little sleep and the bright morning sun. For those first few hours in New York, it didn't really feel like vacation.
Obama's photograph does not appear in the school's yearbook, and Obama consistently declines requests to talk about his years at Columbia , provide school records, or provide the name of any former classmates or friends while at Columbia .
Open to the public February 1- 12, 2012, on Wednesdays, Fridays, and Sundays from 12 noon – 3pm with a special opening reception on Saturday, February 4, from 6:30-8:30 pm, at the Piedmont Center for the Arts , 801 Magnolia Avenue, Piedmont, CA.
He embodies the crisis of masculinity. He's brains over brawn. In the Tick Vs. Arthur, he has difficulty negotiating his masculinity when it is given a new dimension. He feels powerless, but his empathy with the little guy keeps him from embracing his darker tendencies.
The very background is white felt, (with a border for binding if needed) overlaid with woollen plaid from a sample swatch, for the soil, and cream damask from an old curtain above. I have used this curtaining for a dozen different projects, it has been so useful.
I love you – You are loved by all in this realm.
I cannot in all honesty give this any positive comments. The film lasted an hour and 23 minutes and I really wish I’d watched something else. The plot is poor and predictable, the acting is bad and overall its terrible. IMDB users give it a 3.6 rating, I give it 1/10 and I don’t know what the 1 is for to be honest. The Devil Inside is the worst film I have seen all year. Here is the trailer, but believe me when I say that the best bits are in it and even they aren’t that great. Not a film to rush out and see.
Aladdin fails to keep Abu from touching the forbidden treasure. He fails to return the lamp to Jafar-in-disguise (sort of… he returns it, but then steals it back). And as for the possible, earlier interdiction, he steals some food, getting himself into trouble.
4. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, mix together 1 egg and flour on high speed until smooth. Add the remaining 9 eggs and continue mixing until well blended.
Please add to the conversation in the comments section of this post.
I recommend this book to anyone who would like to take a delicious sip of old summer wine lying dormant in the cellars of nostalgia!
This is an exciting development. For those following our timeline, our application for our I 800 A was registered 2 weeks ago on Monday, April 9th. We received our fingerprint appointment in 2 weeks from that date. Things appear to be moving.
It’s so WOW.
Oh yes, the Porteño men were pretty good looking too but I’m not the best judge for that.
Personal Favorites: Who Loves The Sun, Sweet Jane, Rock And Roll, Head Held High, I Found A Reason, Oh! Sweet Nuthin'
.. is the fact that I'm actually wearing the dress from topshop's next summer collection, but it fitted surprisingly well in to the autumny field we drove by in denmark last week.
It means that the whole work/life issue can be taken off the table. So long as you have to turn up at the same time at a place far from home, there can be no balance.
Once upon a time, (last night actually) I attended the Brit Writers' Awards at the O2. G and I were sitting at a table with a very nice group of people but one woman in particular stood out for her warmth and friendliness and she shared her personal story with us.
Marking friends to renew a dance darkly from time begotten.
in Jerusalem, once you enter the holy city a profound sense of belonging fills you with joy, wherever you turn your eyes observing in silence, the scene of the ancient houses and buildings gives you a strange feeling like you have been there before, you almost swear.
Obviously, whether you’re addressing someone by their name or just their title (Dr, Mr, etc,) you must capitalise it.
This massive strike, of course, will be blamed on “terrorists” hitting America at its weakest moment.
Seal dish with aluminum foil.
9. Take a big bite out of a poisoned red apple that a total stranger who happens to look like a witch hands you. The best part of using this method is that you will be brought back to wakefulness by a kiss on the lips from Prince Charming!
But a brief comment, one that applies not to those who got picked up on that bridge but to a whole lot of what has been said about this?
The Original Basil T's Maxwell's Dry Stout
There has been so much media attention lately on a piece of cloth. That’s right, a piece of cloth.
What does it mean to be on the sex offender list? First of all, the public knows where you live. Websites and newspapers can publish your photo. So can TV news. Parents can warn their kids never to go near you.
4. applying a prevalence of 1 in 166 across the total US population of 280 million yields 1.68 million autistics (it is actually 1.69 million);
After taking granola from oven, add any of the following, if desired:
So, you will have to forgive me if I have a healthy dose of skepticism in my viewing of potential disasters. And I haven’t dedicated any part of my brain to that weekend in May since the G8 summit was moved to Camp David.
On this rainy day in Montreal, I am opening up my brain box to reveal this song. And each one of these artists renditions of it. I feel as though we all need to take a moment to feel it. In it's stunning velocity. It's beauty. And that we have all been in that place where things just didn't feel right. And every conversation between lovers felt like the other person was about to end it. Like that pause on the phone when you both know the conversation is over.....except one person is chomping at the bit for more.
This photograph is from Christmas 2006 in Tomah, Wisconsin.
After breakfast, a quick stop at Maggie's house, and a stop at wal*mart (yes Kellee, THE wal*mart!) Christian, Me and Maggie headed to Lancaster. We were all in need of new summer shirts! Maggie just plain needed a few new pieces, while the rest of us have gone up a size! Great for the nine month old, not so great for his Mommy. In the end, we all came out with some really great finds! And a few extras thrown in too. I really love Old Navy, I never feel like I'm getting ripped off there. It always feels like I really do get what I pay for (on most things). And Christian's clothes from there are just great. I would say they last forever, but we all know that "forever" to my growing boy is around a month, maybe two. But we sure are making a stupendous 'hand-me-down' wardrobe for a future brother!
Its a bit of a short and sweet post as its quite late now and i have to be up early with a certain little baby that doesn't know the meaning of letting mummy sleep in lol.
Being a large white heterosexual male, I am (at least superficially) one of the least likely sorts to suffer discrimination. The only time I really felt discriminated against was when I worked briefly in a Japanese-run company, where it was made abundantly clear that people like me were lesser animals. Finding that attitude among engineers was shocking at the time, but I know many other folks experience the same thing every day.
While sulphurous fogs gave London a distinctive aroma in the winter, the summer months also had their own particular scent – raw sewage. Until the 1860s, the capital's inadequate sewer system was pouring an ever-increasing amount of human waste directly into the Thames (a disaster in a tidal river, where the sewage might flow towards the estuary and then immediately be swept back towards civilisation). The problem came to a head with the infamous 'Great Stink' of 1858, where the river's pestilential odour became unbearable. The principal cause of the 'Stink' was, ironically, the increasing popularity of the flush toilet (as opposed to the traditional household cesspool, emptied every year or two). The new toilets removed waste from the house very effectively, but London's ageing sewers were not equipped to deal the consequences. When the stench reached even the hallowed halls of the Palace of Westminster, MPs supported a grand design for a new system of intercepting sewers beneath the streets of London, coupled with cathedral-like pumping stations at remote Abbey Mills and Crossness. These would lift up the effluent, allowing it to progress even further eastwards, away from the bounds of the metropolis. The scheme was a remarkable, gargantuan undertaking that took almost twenty years to complete.
Selma (Bjork) is a European immigrant relocated to America where she hopes to make a living. But life is not as happy as her cheerful outlook would deserve. She's suffering from a terribly degenerative disease that will soon leave her blind. And her young son looks to one day suffer the same fate. Earning a meager living, she's saving up for an expensive operation that she hopes will save his eyesight. All she has is a love for musicals and a really great singing voice.
The binding is natural pigskin.
dry my tears, when I laugh
We are neither here nor there
This is a photocopy of the original size image and I have used distress ink pads to colour him. I used a little water with the inks but very sparingly as not to over wet the paper. The Poinsettia flower is another digi which I will share with you later. This was also printed onto copy paper and inked. I used the Tim Holtz Distress Stickles to add the frost look to the petals, torn edge of the card and the snow on the lamppost.
(Stay acquainted for the easter egg at the end of the podcast. Abominably an encoding absurdity cut off allotment of it, but there's abundant there to get the gist.)
One thing led to another, and what it comes down to is that the band in question will be writing liner notes for the post. What I've asked for is a detailed track-by-track breakdown of the recording sessions, their thoughts on the song(s), etc., but whatever they choose to give me, I'll be grateful for and post. Furthermore, the band has gracefully given their consent for the blog to host this record in lossless format (FLAC). I'm pretty excited!
Mass is sung after Terce. The Gloria and Creed are sung. In private Masses the second collect is of SS Alexander etc. The Creed is sung and the preface is that of the Holy Cross.
Trippple Nipples are FUN FUN FUN, you can catch them in China + USA (if you happen to be in those places) in December and January I think, dates and info at their facebook page.
There are definite indicators of rodent activity:
The room next door housed a slightly more atmospheric bar, though one totally lacking in customers. From here I procured a Bohemian Amber and a Yakima Red. As usual, Meantime get full marks for their gorgeous glassware.
Uddhava and Satyaki fanned with the most wondrous fans the Master of Sweetness, who sat amongst the strewn flowers and gave the command to take to the road.
59) you are too pretty for words!
Try any of these fairytale wedding favor ideas and you’ll easily take the princess crown as the fairest one of all!
To counter the plastic lens effects (mainly vignetting), the film plane on the inside of the camera is curved. You can see this in the photos that aren't cropped on the Photo Gallery page. I find it particularly interesting that they spent so much time designing a very well-built camera that counters the effects of a plastic lens, rather than just using a glass lens. I guess the initial R&D stage was cheaper than producing precision glass lenses for all the cameras sold.
2. Ham and egg breakfast sandwiches. High protein, filling me up, comforting and healthy enough to feel good. They’re right next door, fast and on whole grain wheat makes ‘em hard to beat on a running late day.
It's Laterne Fest time again. Seems like hardly any time at all since I was last coated with a fine layer of PVA and glitter, but here we are again. Last year it was all a bit of a mystery to me. I had no idea who St. Martin was or what exactly the celebration was meant to entail. All I knew was that I was told to make two lanterns out of cardboard and tissue paper and anything else that I could find that was highly flammable, insert two burning tealights, and set my children loose, swinging them and whacking each other until every last hair on their heads and eyebrow was burnt off. Fortunately, I had just misunderstood, and what I was actually being asked to buy was a 'Leuchtstaebchen' - which is a tiny light bulb on a stick powered by batteries and often with some kind of flashing mechanism. (Also doubles as a weapon/switch in the hands of a toddler, so you'll be able to coordinate your body glitter with the bruises across your knees and thighs).
It's not actually a terrible list, especially if you just chuck most of the CEOs. (For example, Stumptown's Duane Sorenson is on the list, and that's a great call. Stumptown is the face of third wave coffee.) Incidentally, there's only one critic, wine maven Robert Parker. Since Michael Jackson's death, I would have to agree that there's no beer writer with even a fraction of Parker's power to affect purchasing decisions.
Thank you for bearing with me.
We paid 10,000 won for entry and were given a wrist band with a key and some pj like shorts and tshirt. We put our shoes in a locker and then headed to the separate areas with plans to meet back in the common area in about an hour.
Then we played "Crazy Chef!" another great Orchard toys game. By this point Little "R" was so used to matching the pictures that she picked this up really quickly. After selecting a card from the center, she really looked at it and her board to see if there was a matching picture there.
My experience as a teacher working with children of all ages, backgrounds, and diverse learning styles has taught me that students need to be consistently trained and required to spend prolonged periods of time (up to 30 minutes and even more!) quietly thinking and creating on their own: applying a process, figuring things out, solving a math or science problem, reading and writing, and coming up with their own hypotheses and solutions, ideas and interpretations. I recognize that it’s difficult for students to do so. Child psychologists point out that students have been growing progressively weak in the area of focused, independent work; they appear to lack the patience and the concentration (what is now being referred to as the ”stamina”). Blame it on today’s technological society, too much TV, education, or whatever, the truth is that the inability to pay attention for more than five-seven minutes is a serious problem affecting a large number of our middle school children today (one of the consequences is poor retention: the learning just doesn’t “stick”). Well, if students can’t concentrate when working independently, shouldn’t we let them spend more time doing group work? Hardly. For it is also true that when students work in a group (and most students just love working in groups), they often do the minimum, depend too much on others, and waste precious time socializing. (Well, adults behave the same way, don’t we?) Group work helps teachers and schools deal with the problem of inattentiveness, but it doesn’t solve the problem. What’s more, I suspect it makes it worse.
What could be considered a dangerous way to prove a point has become an internet favorite.
Tomorrow, I will post the first assignment... Then, in a couple of days, I will add my result... Please feel free to try the assignment challenges too, and link to the post with the assignment introduction. I look forward to seeing your interpretations!
When the man went to the loading dock to pick up his new television police said he thought it would be funny to wear the balaclava and carry the gun.
I've done a great deal of genealogy research on Tom's family, who came over from England in 1680. One interesting tidbit that came to light when I was discussing the family history with friends was this:
The farm grew turnips, carrots and potatoes. During the Tattie holidays local school children were paid “10 bob” a week. They picked “Tatties” and put them in a box. The potatoes were bagged and sold on to merchants who collected them from the farm. The carrots were for their own use.
What a GREAT and totally FOREIGN feeling.
With the front door now closed, Shannon makes her way down the front pathway to the street. Once she reaches the curb, she looks in both directions to see which way she should go. Seeing what is available, Shannon turns in the direction that she believes will lead her to a major intersection. As she makes her way down the street, holding her injured arm against her as she does, she feels nervous and uncomfortable. This it due to the fact that she’s concerned about being spotted by the New World Power as well as the fact that she is in an unfamiliar neighborhood. This actually makes her a target for local thugs and bullies because her discomfort is expressed through her body language and through her lack of confidence. Her behavior can also draw the attention of more nefarious individuals.
Write and re-write your CV until you are comfortable it is a true reflection of you, your skills, aspirations. A good CV will help lift you and give you added confidence.
I have been doing a lot of scrapping this weekend and will hopefully share all of my creations with you soon, but here is one that I can share for the Enmarc challenge.
And do what I was made to do
The usual group of eclectic and outrageous people were around. The heavy drinkers, the ones on E, the loudmouth gays with laughter in their eyes, lipstick lesbians with opposing partners, transgenders and a dozen other breeds of off main stream characters that my eyes couldn’t pick out, but a conversation would reveal. Great people, a friendly and accepting group who would embrace anyone so long as they are hugged back.
I don't think I could live in 89 square feet, but the last two are darling and I dream of having one plopped in the middle of the woods or on a clear-watered lake. I wish there were some interior photos of larger two houses, but I can't find any that I can copy. Just click on 'source' below the photos and you can see floor plans and computer mock-ups of the the interiors. The first photo has actual interior photos.
and Love for all things Christmas
As you can see from the screen-shot of the twitter conversation, within a few tweets a new Women’s Movement had been born (deliberate pun!):
If I should die, think only this of me;
When I arrived Mrs McAlister was sitting in a large communal room; wheelchairs and high-winged chairs pushed against the walls and a very loud television in the corner, not really keeping anyone company.
To have missed you
14. I wondered why the baseball kept getting bigger. Then it hit me.
“I only hope that they go the right way about it, which is to criminalise the purchase of sex, because nothing will change for prostituted women and girls until the commercialisation of female bodies is dealt the hammer-blow it so richly deserves.
But, we have a problem.
Once my vision cleared and I saw the situation for what it was, I took responsibility for my own self-destructive behavior and easily turned him down the next time he happened to be in town feeling lonely. And I will continue to do so, because I finally, thank heavens, see the relationship for what it truly was. He is – no doubt – a selfish, irresponsible jackass. But no one made me waste my emotions or energy on him but me.
Instead of a hug, the best way I have found to be there for the person is to say, “I care and want to help. What do you need from me?”
-Yasuki Murato
Hummingbird: 3rd – VersaFine imperial purple, 2nd – Memento cottage ivy, 1st – Memento bamboo leaves, 4th - Memento dessert sand, 5th – Memento pear tart, 6th – bamboo leaves, 7th – cottage ivy, 8th – Memento lady bug
- Herman Marqui: saxophone alto
Gen and I head to the truck stop to pimp ourselves for information...we found a trucker (stood by the door that had a sign that read "truckers only beyond this point). I used my pathetic voice (all I had at this point, barely a whisper), Gen by my side, looking lovely as only a thirteen year old can do! He informed us it was the air filter of water pump, especially if anyone flushed the radiator recently (uh-oh, Abuelo did that last night or the night before) We thanked him and rushed back to the RV to tell Susan and Mel of our success and the RV was running! Mel-Gyver had solved the problem! (I think Mel called her Dad) It had something to do with a butterfly on the manifold and was about to become a ritual each morning...oh well, we were having fun, weren't we?
7. What did you hope to be, what was your dream job when you were younger?
"It's the first revenge for the martyrdom of... Bin Laden. There will be more," Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan told the Reuters news agency by telephone from an undisclosed location.
In my afternoon break (wink, wink) when I peeped even further into Faint, I realised the editor & art director is fashion photographer Alex Dubois.
I’ve lived in two different neighborhoods right outside of DC. The current place we’re living is right across the street from sort of Muslim center, so our neighborhood has a lot of, well, Muslims in it. Our last neighborhood was heavily populated with blacks and latinos. We’re military. I imagine a lot of the people living in our last neighborhood worked at the Pentagon.
Also present at the much anticipated annual event were Hollywood celebrities and Revlon’s global ambassadors Emma Stone and Olivia Wilde along with celebrity late night show host Jimmy Fallon.
I hope you have a hankering for a whole lot of chair makeovers. Because you are about to get some!
Pour lettuce into extra large container with lid.
The next day, however, I just couldn't take it anymore. So I stuck my finger in that thick icing (which is my favorite part) and took a big scoop right up to my mouth. Mmm... so good. But to keep myself my rashing up, I swished it all around my mouth. Enjoying its yumminess. Then promptly spit it all out in the sink. Is that techinically cheating? I didn't flare up, but I did get to taste it.
She has tape, papers, all kinds of dies as well
I think I can speak for 99.99% of the men and women who served then and those who serve now in the U.S. Military, when I say that after enduring basic training, followed by specialized training in one’s MO – and becoming acutely aware of the mission of our armed forces in this troubled world - our military men and women have no illusions about the enemies we face.
Carol Coffey has often been compared to Jodi Picoult and I can understand why; like Jodi Picoult Carol deals with “issues” such as alcoholism, depression and violence. However what Carol excels at, is in creating utterly believable characters that the reader cannot help but care about and in detailing the nuances of character and family relationships with faultless writing. In that I believe Carol Coffey deserves comparison with the Queen of Women’s Fiction; Maeve Binchy.
Except...
Malts: Crisp Maris Otter, Crisp Brown, Simpsons Caramalt, Simpsons Extra Dark Crystal, Crisp Pale Chocolate
I dug around and found out the truth behind why the APS allowed the wackos in. From the alumni news of Winona State University (a cool campus, located below the bluffland banks of the Mississippi River):At the 50th anniversary of the murder of his friend and co-worker, Winona State University alumnus Tom Baab, '48, of Park Ridge, Ill., established the Eileen Fahey Memorial Scholarship. Fahey, a secretary at Columbia University, was shot and killed at her desk on July 14, 1952.
-Thursday is a light to moderate bodyweight circuit training day plus an Insanity type workout for cardio
“Prutzoh!” they shouted.
5. Captain America: The First Avenger – Not everyone responded to this one as much as I did (though it still made a ton of money anyway) but damn did I love this movie. It was action-packed. It was filled with comic geek stuff that I love. It was hopeful. It was about a good person doing good stuff. Heroism and sacrifice and all that… and it was optimistic. The Avengers might take Cap to some darker places but this movie firmly plants him in the good vs. evil of World War II. There’s kind of an optimistic feel to this movie (though the very end kind of undercuts that a bit) that I was stoked about.
A thing to know about relationships is that they are to be approached naturally.
1 can tomato paste
"The Part I took in Defence of Cptn. Preston and the Soldiers, procured me Anxiety, and Obloquy enough. It was, however, one of the most gallant, generous, manly and disinterested Actions of my whole Life, and one of the best Pieces of Service I ever rendered my Country. Judgment of Death against those Soldiers would have been as foul a Stain upon this Country as the Executions of the Quakers or Witches, anciently. As the Evidence was, the Verdict of the Jury was exactly right.
Surface-to-air missiles may be stationed on top of flats as the last line of defence against a suicide jet targeting this summer’s Olympic Games…From there, they could use a multi-million-pound laser-guided system developed for modern warzones to shoot down a helicopter attack or suicide bombers piloting an aircraft. The range of the missiles is 3.4miles, which means they could reach St Paul’s Cathedral, Canary Wharf or parts of the North Circular from the flats in Bow, East London.
There were more things I wanted to write, but somehow they got lost in the shuffle of everything else going on in my head... so more later. Maybe sooner than a week away!
champagne
My first novel, Living with the Truth, has seven reviews on Amazon, two in Amazon.co.uk and the rest on Amazon.com. I only knew of one of the reviewers prior to this and he’s more a friend of my wife’s than mine. Most of the others were people on review sites who, in addition to writing a review on their website, also posted something on Amazon. And I am grateful. Considering the number of sales, seven reviews is much better than 0.035% so I guess I shouldn’t whinge. I was going to whinge, if only on general principles, but I’m going to bite my tongue for the moment because I’ve only posted one review on Amazon and only because I was asked. So, it seems a bit hypocritical of me to whinge at people who’ve been kind enough to take a risk on a new name simply because they didn’t do anything to plug my book for me, not that they’ve not been rewarded with a good read, because they have.
Over the last year, the number of companies in the FTSE 100 which have only men on their board has dropped sharply from 21 to 11.
But finally, we are done.
Publisher: Harvest House Publisher
All of these, with the exception of one, are items you likely have in your home. If you do not already have a potato ricer, I would enthusiastically recommend buying one, and not just because it's the star of this blog post. If nothing else, it produces the fluffiest, creamiest, unchunkiest mashed potatoes known to spud-kind and puts the masher to shame.
D.H: Boring ads. Giants kick a 3 point field goal. (17-12), gotta hold 'em N.Y.
Sometimes the heart knows no reasons and goes all out to just Love. Relationships sometimes don’t have names. They just are. It is a feeling beyond words. One just feels blessed. I thank the universe for bringing this joy to me , for all the precious hearts who are connected to mine , for the light that guides me in the form of my mentor , for the immense love and care I receive from someone very special . Distances do not count, nor does someone’s being or not being physically, it is the energy flow that matters. It really does.
Please don't forget to click HERE to see my Tour of my friend Anne Marie's House decorated for Christmas......You will not be disappointed!!
The challenge this week on the Latenightstampers group is Easter projects. Any thing for Easter. I am one of those people who almost always makes Christian Easter cards--after all it is the celebration of Jesus rising from the dead! But I had a chance to play with this adorable Everybunny stamp set (thanks Paula). It has the cutest images and it was really fun to work with. I might actually need to buy it now! I only used two of the images and they are all darling. I mixed it with the Everyday Enchantment Designer Paper from the SAB catalog--these colors are wonderful together!
"I would pursue a great career but I value human relationships more than careers- I want to be a great friend, spouse, parent."
Please don't think lesser of me, but (gasp!) so am I. There must be something wrong with me. Maybe a twisted kink in my DNA helix has stunted my maturation process. That would explain it. Why else would a woman my age still think flatulence is so darned funny?
Broken, with rocks, with clinging cedars, with tall shapes dingily
The group officially broke up in 1981.
If you have been reading my blog for a while you may remember I took my little family up to Yorkshire for the day this time last year, it was one of my favourite days of 2011.
Q: One thing my writer friends sometimes say is that they won't, or can't, consider themselves Real Writers™ until they get published. When did you first self-identify as a writer?
I won’t dwell again on the dire facts of soil loss around the world. We all know it’s a serious problem. What is not so clear to many of us is that the major efforts out there attempting to counter this trend merely hope to slow down the rate of loss. The option of growing new soil and actually coming out ahead is only considered by a few maverick soil scientists and small groups of farmers who’ve finally had the courage to forgo conventional ag advice and forge their own path. Most gardeners are familiar with soil-building, but this generally involves robbing Peter to pay Paul, as manures or leaf mold are imported from elsewhere.
Anyway, pound for pound it was WAY more expensive than just buying meat in the store but I consider the experience well worth the cost. I told my husband, "You slay it and butcher it, and I'll cook it." Seems like a good trade off for me. :)
“We are now synchronizing every program, trying our best to avoid duplicating, let alone ineffective, programs. This has been part of the monitoring system,” told Amiruddin on Monday (20/02).
As ever, nothing moved particularly quickly in the church but a steadily growing influence of tractarian thought saw an increase in worship practices which were deemed to be ‘other than’ those authorised for use in the Book of Common Prayer. Chasubles; stoles, bells, thuribles and incense, mixing water with the wine and facing east, all practices which became widespread and led to the passage of the Public Worship Regulation Act 1874 which sought to bring dissenters to order. Following a number of high profile prosecutions under the act, most notably of the Bishop of Lincoln in 1890, it was evident that the act was not working and that the church probably needed to reorder its liturgy and produce a new prayerbook. This process was established by Royal commission in
So questions you might be asked in your writing life is "Why do you write?" and "When did you start writing?"
This is a simple and quite treat for kids or for a party.Great for giveaway gifts.Easy to make and easy to put together.I got the idea,when we visited local iskcon temple.They serve these along with prasadam.They added peanut and sesame seeds to the chocolate and made into a bar.I didnt have sesame seeds in hand so added peanuts,cashews,raisin and dates.
Mayall: (Laughs) I was quite happy with the film, because he cast Ed very well and he pointed the camera at me a lot. So basically, he knows how to direct.
I cannot fathom what these women's lives are like, but when confronted with their reality, I'm compelled to do something, and the one thing I can do is support them by purchasing their products. And I have to say I do have this bag and its the perfect size for carrying things back and forth to the car, it holds my Bible, Bible Study books and other necessary items most of the time. Please look at all the cute designs and consider purchasing these for gifts at Christmas. We all have people we need gifts for and your purchase will go to such a worthy cause!
A wave tossed in the ocean
May 18, The Dogs of Desire at EMPAC, Troy, New York. Tickets:
Now, in general, I really hate being sick and especially having to do stuff while I’m sick but up until this point I felt that it was not much of problem as I’ve been a student pretty much all my life. Miss a day of school or a class? Sure, nbd. Taking a day off from work or from school is kind of a big no-no in Korea… I’ve grown up with a bit of this mentality and I’ve heard lots about it so naturally I was a little stressed about the prospect. I was especially paranoid that I would have to skip out on some classes today because I felt just awful yesterday.
Brooklyn Collective showcases jewelry, clothing, gifts, and home goods from an everchanging list of Brooklyn artisans. They're open Thursday to Sunday 1-8. 212 Columbia between Union and Sackett.
gently deflate the dough and turn it onto a lightly floured surface. divide dough into 6 – 12 pieces depending on what size you want.
The first manuscript I wrote was YA fiction. The next three were a midgrade fantasy trilogy - which I have yet to complete because I was immediately distracted by yet another idea for YA fiction.
The Christensen’s
Ten dog spay/neuter surgery, resulting in hundreds of fewer births and thousands of lives saved.
Here are the rules guidelines.
The design is the result of four competition-winning teams (the Facebook poll winner, two jury-selected winners, and one runner-up). They presented their schemes to the Nosara community in January, and then the various teams merged and refined a single scheme to the renderings and plan illustrated in this blog post. The one-story, linear building features two volumes: The larger space is semi-enclosed, used for sorting recycling; the smaller space includes an office area, small room for a bed, and a bathroom; the covered open space in between features a ramp and stair to negotiate the grade change. This last element also unites the two offset volumes, giving the building its distinctive kink.
Vegan Likes: Carrots, frozen peas, apples, bell peppers, oranges, everything.
Lets not forget, Author. Shortly after I first published my debut novel, a friend dropped by, surprising me with a boquet of flowers then asked to take a picture of the “soon to be famous author”. That moment became even sweeter when he presented me with his copy of my novel to sign. His magical words made my dream come to life and the terrible scrawl I made in his book let me know I needed to practice at my signature.
around sunset. The drive through the town to the resort along small winding road by the coast was enjoyable as one can see very small islands jutting from the blue waters at small intervals. During the high tide some of these islands disappear! The waves gently caressed the shore strewn with coconuts along the
"...The idea that a US Marine from small-town America might convert to Islam, even under such conditions: has this ever happened? Stockholm syndrome, if that’s what it is, is exceptionally unusual for men in uniform (at least volunteers), because their mindset upon capture is different to that of a civilian or reporter". - Ed West, Telegraph
In the smaller gallery were two sculpture fountains on the same theme of hanging over a rubber basin and squirting water. But they were also organized on the theme of epoxy resin heads Nauman has been working with for a while. Both fountains consisted of a group of three heads.
I am hoping, that given the details of this case, and Cheryl Miller’s battery of lawyers that she aint just get to wine back on the state, I want she tremble it and raise a leg too….because they damn well deserve it!
40 years after the Summer of Love (and 30 years after the Summer of Hate), MGMT is celebrating the grand re-opening of the third eye of the world with "Oracular Spectacular," the duo's much-anticipated full-length album, an enigmatic and prophetic collection of hallucinatory sounds and hook-riddled pop tones for the new millennium.
As we know, cycles exist to show choices in the Path: overall the future is golden. Venus’s malevolence may only be a wayshower to direct us away from a mistaken ‘Way’. The future, in the form of the Ninth Wave, is upon us — all the heavenly signs say so — and it’s up to us to embrace it.
White Gelly Roll Pen
“The best way I can describe them is zombies.” Ann shrunk back. “No, they’re not eating anyone’s flesh or anything. They’re just annoying. They’ll follow you forever, no matter where you go. They’re just looking for life. Like moths to a lightbulb. That’s how they see you, and they’ll pester you eternally. They’ll drive you mad. Just as they’ve been driven mad.”
Tonight(this Monday), Alibi are showing the cult classic TOMMY(1975) a rock opera with The Who in it and who also helped to write it. The film itself is an enjoyable, with the protagonist being Tommy(surprise, surprise), who is deaf, dumb and blind. His mother tries several things to help him and all fail to help him. Then Tommy discovers a pinball machine, and despite his disability becomes brilliant at it turning him rich and famous, and “the object of a religious cult.” The film is wonderful, a feast of visuals and music galore, and even if you don’t like The Who, well no worries you’ll still enjoy it as it features the likes of Eric Clapton, Tina Turner and way more! Oh and afterwards there’s karaoke!
The pork shoulder, of course, was cooked in the Weber (keeps the hot smoky bit out of the kitchen) and the rest of the meal was cooked indoors. In addition to the sprouts, I served mixed roasted root vegetable (potatoes, swede and parsnip), and steamed carrots. I also made a simple stuffing (cooked separately) with fresh sage, more bacon, minced onion and fresh breadcrumbs.
Level 26: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 18%.
2. "Let me assure you that Amazon.com does not support or promote hatred or criminal acts."
“The timing couldn’t be better,” Bush said. “This project will generate significant revenue in direct and indirect spinoffs. Many business sectors stand to gain, from hotels and restaurants to tourist attractions and transport. There are other benefits … it will result in extra revenue collected from duty, employment for local contractors and other opportunities for Caymanians and an increase in tourism.”
The heroism when hope had vanished and the memorable scenes of human life and death, so intimately connected, yet so incompatible, affirm that Titanic will indelibly remain engraved in our human psyche.
This young man's legacy
Gal 5:13,15 (Phi) It is to freedom you have been called, my brothers. Only be careful that freedom does not become mere opportunity for your lower nature. You should be free to serve each other in love… But if freedom means merely that you are free to attack and tear each other to pieces, be careful that between you, you destroy your fellowship altogether!
If you download it, please leave me some love in the comments! I do love them so! :)
Rant Topic from ErikaGrace745: “And the obvious resolution of the lockout right before it impacted their paychecks? that too, please”
The boy is one of several such do-gooders Chatfield has helped since Friday, when people started coming in and offering to pay down layaways.
"Hey, I didn't know you had taken my picture," I said.
Or maybe a better question is will we ever be satisfied?
Palestinian officials have been calling for a halt to Israeli construction in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, which they consider to be the capital of a future Palestinian state.
i dont want to sit here reading books and knitting baby hats and coloring posters and waiting for my next meal because it means 3 more hours has passed.
Weekend: Environmental Awareness (Being aware of your own environment — a time to take care of yourself and your needs. You’ve got to go inside and be honest with yourself this week.)
Alright, so C.A.P has a potty rewards jar, but this is just more of a tease to me than anything else. I love chocolate and knowing it's in the kitchen causes me to be a bit distracted from...oh everything.
The wee winner using Random.org is
I do a great deal of planning in my head and I also keep a notebook dedicated to the work in progress. But other than that I am a writer who discovers the arc of her story as she writes. Essentially the work starts to flow once the characters have become established. They tell me what they want to say, who they will meet and how they will react. It’s a very exciting and fascinating process and part of it is quite mysterious. New characters present themselves and they simply won’t go away. Trumpet Steven is a good example of this in HIDDEN. He appeared as a minor character and just grew and grew until he had carved himself a convincing role in the story.
Such contracts include the Kuching Waterfront; the PBB headquarters in Kuching; the Tanjung Manis reclamation project in Mukah; Bintulu General Hospital; and the Police Training Centre in Penrissen.
I want you to either have some hidden journaling or some hidden pictures.
“The eagle has landed?” It was a question.
Given by Papa God, March 14, 2012
“Oh Miriam/ That’s such a pretty name/ And I’ll keep saying it/ Until you die/ Miriam/ You know you done me wrong/ I’m gonna smile when/ You say goodbye.”
The PLCB should be abolished because it assumes the citizens of Pennsylvania are incompetent to handle their own affairs: a deadly insult to our honor and intelligence in a democratic nation. We deserve laws about booze that rightly assume adult citizens will drink responsibly, as the majority of drinkers do.
Michael Jordan makes more money from Nike annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined.
No chat with boyfriend, last night, as he was in bed by the time I had the opportunity to check in with him. Just as well, he’s all upset about an issue that he could get himself out of, but chooses not to. I have trouble feeling sympathy for someone who creates their own problems and ignores the way out that’s right in front of them. He does seem to have the tendency to make himself a victim, something I don’t find attractive. Much like his long, scraggly hair. I loved his hair long when he was younger, it was dark and thick and lush looking. Now it’s gray and thin and makes him look less good than he could, but he’s determined to let it grow out since he’s losing it. I had another boyfriend who did that, years ago, but on him it looked good. I guess I understand the wanting to have as much hair as possible, but…
Wow. There you have it. As thousands of Malaysians move abroad so their kids can escape the country’s deteriorating public schools, here’s one family that moved here for the private education.
F: The Halloween Era (Late 70's to Early 80's)
- Bockor Cuvee des Jacobins Rouge
As for Professional Design Practice, we have been doing a team project the last couple of weeks and will be doing a presentation in lesson. As for the Case Study we are doing, I’m waiting for my contact to get back to me for the answers to my questions. I just hope the email was received since it’s been slightly over a week now. If by tomorrow evening there hasn’t been a reply, gonna email again to see what has happened.
Cabarrus County deputies spent more than an hour at the teen’s home after learning about the video. They believe the 17-year-old Jonathan Wiles took the sign from an intersection and set it up in his backyard where he recorded himself firing several shots at it.
What are some of your favorite books?
We started passing pennies back and forth, and it was a teenage flirting ritual. We added a few pennies each round, and we joked that soon we’d have to pass a wheelbarrow back and forth. The summer passed; so did the school year, and we started, for reasons of convenience, just giving each other single pennies (instead of our whole compilation in one package). For me, this symbolized the friendship and affection that was beautifully developing between us. Every penny I received would go into my piggy bank, and soon both of us had bursting collections that we agreed were joint savings accounts for when we were old enough to get married and live a life together full of all the things we wished and dreamed and planned. We were only fourteen, and I inferred that I wasn’t allowed to date until I was sixteen.
I was feeling pretty hungry.
Splendid news from England! Tom Jones, the yodelling stud, has received his long overdue knighthood. The Japing Ape’s recent lobbying must have been the coup de grace that convinced the Queen of England to summon him for the shoulder-tap. Unfortunately, I wasn’t able to witness Sir Tom ride off in his suit of armour after receiving his medallion, which he will no doubt forever display on that manly chest of his. But I sent him a telegram so he knew I was there in spirit.
And indeed what primarily motivated Strauss was his concern that the "nihilism" or moral relativism preached by Leftist ideologues (and now accepted by many educated people) would eventually make civilization impossible. There are however many alternatives in philosophy to moral relativism and I think my version of ethical naturalism is only one of many accounts of morality which take into account the arguments for moral relativism but still show or purport to show that values and standards are important, non-arbitrary and persuasive.
Having first heard the life read out
Interesting fellow, Khalaf. He headed the Black September group that murdered 11 Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics, and later tortured to death two American diplomats in the Sudan in 1973 on Arafat's orders, Cleo Allen Noel and George Curtis Moore.
I’ve gotten used to people telling me that “LLC looks like a little dolly.” She is still small and relatively light for her age, though now she is filling out a bit.
Scramble the eggs into the pan until cooked.
And, even in thy behalf, I'll thank myself
Peter rolled his eyes. I think he realized at that point that it was time to move on to something a little more realistic... But, since I'm now thinking about DC, I cant remember exactly what that is! And, on that note, I'd better finish preparing for the pre-cana seminar we are teaching this afternoon!
Science and technology challenge intellectual property systems, particularly patent laws. New fields such as information technology and genetic engineering force courts to decide how to apply laws made before such technologies were contemplated. As knowledge itself becomes more valuable, people and institutions seek additional protection for control of the knowledge and its profits. At the same time, society has an increasing need for access to some kinds of knowledge and protection from the use of others.
Then when I came to terms with that and I was dealing with the healing of my bipolar, I had to deal with what it felt like to be "normal" for the first time. I'd never lived outside the euphoria of mania and it felt odd. I had no personality anymore. I didn't know how to be.
she was pretty.
"He was just a boy from the Bronx with stars in his eyes. But when he picked up his guitar and painted stars on his face, Ace Frehley transformed into 'The Spaceman' - and helped turn KISS into one of the top-selling bands in the world. Now, for the first time, the beloved rock icon reveals his side of the story with no-holds-barred honesty. . . and no regrets.
I am going to throw in one more photo of the turkey, just because I can, and I like it.
Wait a second, I thought. Some broad has a key to my apartment and I don’t know about it? It’s at about this point that I grew a pair. “I’m sorry but who are you?”
Sheen, still sitting contentedly, says "Staff sergeant Dignam has a style of his own. I'm afraid we all have to get used to it."
Glutenator is tawny in color with a nose of piney hops and yams. The flavor is mostly sweet grains with a clean, sorghum-free, lightly hoppy finish.
"Dark" doesn't even begin to describe NATURAL ENEMIES.
“I started by doing things that were in the opposite direction – I came up with an idea Ilya Abulhanov worked with me on that involved a 3d chessboard connected to cables and all of these moving boxes that opened up and released all kind of objects from Holme’s study – notes, pill bottles, books etc. VFX Supervisor Jose Ortiz and his team made an excellent motion test to prove the concept.
The best solution I've found is to get the Priority Mail boxes from the post office (or some other similar box) - write the child's name on it and the year and start packing some things away. If it fits, it stays otherwise it goes and I'll always have a record of those handprints or famous drawings, stories or poems.
I have come to realize that this assorted nut bowl was one of the first playgrounds on which I happily played twisted sister. We called it “being a smart-ass”, and I was honing my skills on a regular basis.
I played a variant of this game at work the other day. I got my co-worker Will to pour me a mystery beer, and I tried to identify it. I got that it was dark Belgian ale, about 8%abv, but couldn't nail it. It turned out to be Corsendonk Noel, which pleased me as I didn't immediately think "GAH! Of course it is!" - I remember Corsendonk Noel as being a bit more chocolatey, whereas this was more plummy and spicy. If you want to sharpen your tasting skills, this is a fun way to do it. And of course, a fun way to spend a few minutes at work (although may not be totally appropriate should you drive a vehicle or perform surgery for a living).
My name is Lorena and I have been teaching for over 10 years. I am currently teaching second grade and have loved its rewards and challenges. I have always wanted to share ideas with other teachers via a blog. Starting this blog has been so exciting and I hope you get something out of it. I'm currently working on my MA in Education - TSOL.
■Farm Kid #1
If I don't feel like posting or don't have time I don't. I may read or comment instead of posting but if I don't have time to do that either then I will do it if and when I get the time. I'm motivated because there are actually a lot of fabulous blogs out there and the connections I've made with the bloggers is a lot of fun but we all have lives off the internet to attend to! I don't expect people to read or comment on every post I put out there and I hope people will understand that I can't read and comment on all of theirs either.
Having cute boys over
When she arrived back at Domino’s on Colman Road, her two Hungarian colleagues reported the same sighting. “One was waving his arms and being quite panicky about it,” she said. Not a lot of Alsatians in Hungary then? Because that’s what they were…
I recently joined the judging panel of YouBloom (along with BOB GELDOF, Rupert Hine, Nigel Grainge, and Conor McNicholas)- a site/community with the purpose of finding and helping talent.
So, I'm thinking I will campaign for a trip to Coeur d'Alene (check ID off my list!) but mostly likely I will end up running Capital City, WA on May 20. Not a bad option! In the meantime, I'll be considering some additional races that some other blogging ladies are registered for:
We talked to several Taiwanese guys who were totally put off by the idea of dating another Taiwanese guy. Another guy was looking for a three-way with another couple, but he was very particular about the couple. Both had to be white, a mixed couple would not do because he refuses to get into bed with a Taiwanese guy.
Our local TV news did a story on the visit Fire Commissioner Austin had at our engine house and I thought you might find it interesting as a follow up to last weeks post. Yes, I have a non-speaking role in it, about a two second shot at the table calculated to emphasize our aging man power before our young firefighting prodigy Perry rightfully dominates the screen! This is footage taken at my wonderful 112 year old firehouse where WBW is fussed over many a late night.
Don Henley – I Can’t Stand Still-Dirty Laundry
And yet, despite all of the controversy surrounding its depiction of the Japanese occupation of China and the reaction of the local peasants, Jiang insists that he film isn’t anti-Japanese or anti-Chinese. Jiang claims that the film was meant to highlight the human instinct to blame and punish others for disasters and misfortunes. And certainly, the film achieves that end. And it accomplishes so much more. Viewed from afar, the events reach such absurd and ironic depths that it is impossible to laugh. And yet, that inner voice in the back of our minds reminds us that these things may have happened to real people. The story is fictional, but the actions of the Japanese against Chinese civilians and vice versa are based in reality. If anything, the film is a plea for understanding. But you know what? I don’t think most people will appreciate that. I think that they will have too much trouble deciding whether or not to laugh or cry at the last scene.
Randy Bachman’s touring with Burton Cummings this summer (Canada only), but there’s talk of a Bachman-Turner reunion (literally Randy and Fred so far.) If they manage to appear at a Casino showroom, State Fair or biker rally within 3 hours of Taos/Santa Fe, The Secret Museum will be there.
DPS already has authority to do DL/insurance checkpoints, but has never prioritized them or implemented policies to perform them, DPS chief Steve McCraw told the committee (taking some of the wind out of Chairman Williams' SB 9, scheduled to come up later in the hearing). Even if they did begin such checkpoints, said McCraw, they couldn't staff them with drug dogs, narcotics officers, etc., without violating restrictions on only using checkpoints for limited, well-defined purposes.
The richest to grow richer, the poorest to grow poorer.
(Si la vida pasó por tu lado
“UNDEAD CREEP came alive during the horrible, torrid summer of 2009 Anno Satanas. Forced to come out of the catacombs where their decomposed bodies used to lie, pushed by the urge to bring back the spirit of old school death metal…” that’s from your promo text, who the hell writes something like that? Ha ha, its fucking entertaining!
If there is no soul, then free will does not exist…….if materialism is true, you do not have any genuine ability to choose your actions……if you were solely your body, then your identity would be constantly changing (p. 112-13)
About the company: Sol Pals began in 2008 as the brainchild of founders/inventors Ron and Chantele Gustaveson. The couple was inspired by a documentary about children of impoverished inner-city families, living in darkness because they couldn't afford electricity. Having four children tehmselves, their hearts went out to these kids who came home to the dark, day after day. They knew there had to be a way to help. From a passion for solar and wind energy, SolPals was born. The intent was to combine two concepts: solar power and nightlights. The result was two unique lights:
Compensation costs include stipends and expenses for the seven appointed board members, and $244,000 for a couple of executives.
Middle Grade, which I just found out this category this morning. Ages: 9-12
You won't ever see a review for Jack Daniel's on this site. Why is that you ask? Because Jack is the one that sent me over the edge many years ago. Just like many of you won't acknowledge that tequila is a fine spirit because of the 20 shooters you did that one time in college. I have a similar tale with me and Jack. Work retreat; bathtub full of beer. Someone at the end of the night pours a glass to the rim with Jack and offers it to my friend. "I won't drink it, but Jim will." I chugged it. I shouldn't have. (And fuck you very much Anne for pouring it and Chad for setting me up) For those of you who have never experienced it, thanks to Jack (and the beers prior to Jack) I can assure you that the dry heaves are not a myth. They are oh-so-real. I have to say that I did tough it out the next day and played 18. I also shot 200.
Blitz by Ken Bruen
Don't we?
The reason zombies can’t go past this goes back to the limitations of disease. A plague doesn’t build muscle, even one that attacks the brain. I suppose, were we to grant that this plague is so advanced that it interferes with or otheriwse influences growth hormones (but, again, this is stretching the likely possibilities), a zombie might be able to grow more muscle. The emphasis there, however, is *grow*. Zombies don’t just get muscle mass for nothing–they’d need to eat. The more growth you want, the more you’d need to consume. While this might combine nicely with an appetite for human flesh, it also means you’d need to eat your victims, which means they don’t become zombies themselves since they’re dead. It also means it would take some time (numerous hours, if I’m being charitable) before their zombie muscles are in place. It also indicates that (if my nascent knowledge of biology bears true), rather than a singular virus, we are dealing with a condition made up of a cocktail of viruses–one to alter behavior, the other to alter the endocrine system. This would necessarily reduce the frequency of successful transmission and would probably result in some zombies having the behavior without the physique while others would have the physique without the behavior (in other words, they wouldn’t be zombies at all, but closer to superhumans like Captain America).
3) Co-Sleeping: Yes or No? No, I was too afraid of suffocating him in the sheets or under a person. My husband is a restless sleeper. I secured him on my chest for the first two weeks, but I couldn’t sleep because I was so worried that I would roll over or he would move around and fall off. He’s been a crib sleeper since then, but we keep him in our bedroom and position it so he can see us when he wakes up.
AUBREY:
I have been swamped at work and thankfully making a few sales on ebay which has kept me busy like crazy.
BEIRUT (AP) — A barrage of gunfire by security forces that left residents cowering in their homes killed at least nine people and wounded several others Wednesday in Homs, a hotbed of opposition to President Bashar Assad’s autocratic regime, activists and residents said. Two others were shot dead during raids in Sarameen, in northern Syria.
And I haven’t stopped since.
So where do we begin? How do we learn to give thanks for what we have been given?
and the seed be blasted in the planting
“It’s a planet.” Emily said decisively. “It has to be. It’s too big to be a star. Plus, stars don’t just appear out of nowhere.”
Ardent, you don’t cover the go ahead and take cup of tea the domestic interior a paid in advance investing tote plus your utilize id tuesday guide, and you have to wait week or so and then judge and employ the cup of tea, but just the same to acquire online shopping, you could starting to become buy a good authority.
Admittedly, this is a rather extreme situation. In most ‘normal’ situation, activists should be preferred. The question then is, if for some reason the ‘supply’ of activists dwindle, then whom should be preferred — the scion, the celebrity, or the businessman?
And at sundown, filled with bugs. Damn. Freakin'. Bugs.
A. Matthew 26:17-30
This transfer is marginally 'cleaner-sounding' than original LXT transfers - and was rated as 'Superlative' by EMG Monthly Letter..
I like it. It's like the more evolved and stylish bean bag cousin. And with little ones, it is the perfect solution to add a little bit more interchangeable seating to any given room.
there are few who would feel comfortably justified in comparing their spouse to another person- we know that's not conducive to closeness in couples. but do we compare them to who they once were? knowing how we each change through time and experience, is that unlike measuring one man against another?
Omigbodun shows us that there is still hope. Believe me, Omigbodun has really tried her best in bringing out cogent issues that are affecting Nigeria as a nation.
What styles of music do you prefer to listen to?
* Editors – copy editors and video editors
The highlight of the year happened in May with a royal visit.The 17th May – 20th May marked the State visit by Queen Elizabeth II, the first by a monarch of the United Kingdom to the Republic of Ireland since its formation.It was followed by a visit by President of the United States Barack Obama to Dublin.On 21st May 2011 the 2011 Heineken Cup Final was won by Leinster over the Northampton Saints.On 26th May Irish author John Banville won the Kafka Prize for literature.On May 1st Pope John Paul II was beatified by his successor, Pope Benedict XVI.Osama bin Laden, the suspected mastermind behind the September 11 attacks and the FBI’s most wanted man was killed by the United States special forces in Abbottabad.
To those whom the king favored, he distributed many benefits he received.
Who wanna get paid???
“(Eye roll) Then you can’t be helped”
I recently participated in one of Crafty Ribbons challenges - whereby I chose 5 of my favourite Christmas ribbons, they sent them to me and I made some projects with them.
“When the delegation arrived in the capitol, some were barefoot and several were wearing torn T-shirts; when I entered the room, they sat silently where they were, some sprawled out on the floor. No one stood up. Then their spokesman began:
Turns out these two songs are from their most recent album, so apparently I am now up to date on Coldplay, which is something I never thought I'd say. I have resigned myself to the fact that I love the songs above, and that it's entirely possible that I may like some of their future songs. However, I still absolutely cannot stand their earlier songs, stated at the beginning of the post. "Clocks?" Puke.
You'll Need...
Must we keep a beer in stock that doesn’t fit the reform effort’s concept because it still sells well at a ludicrously high price, even if I don’t like it personally (i.e., Corona)?
that make me happy. After my last post (in which I apparently sounded like I was headed for the nearest tall bridge or building based on the number of concerned calls and messages I received), I thought I would get back to blogging about the more mundane parts of my life...
I used Copics for coloring and added some of the brand new Tim Holtz Distress Inks around the image. Besides flowers and the butterfly I used some rhinestones and silver rub-ons to decorate the card. As a final touch I also added some sparkling silver embossing powder to the flowers and the edges of the butterfly.
Karma is a bitch for the schools, isn't it?
Also, I have had at least 7 people look over my speech so far and make corrections. I think it’s good to go now, finally. Earlier today, I got my appointment time. I will be competing to be commencement speaker on Friday, April 8 at 3:05pm.
To kick off this new era of The Critical Wind Fish, I have an exciting announcement. Later on in December, I’ve been invited to take part in a feature over on GameXplain. One of my fellow Nintendojo colleagues and myself will be joining forces to predict what the future might hold for Nintendo in a console-wide round table discussion together with critics from Total Playstation and GameXplain itself. I’m really honoured by the invitation, and I hope to put in a good forecast for the big N.
email: hoopersecundus@talktalk.net
Dating
Having: nothing
ii) Awang Tengah Ali Hassan
