Though she tried to focus on the wares the vendors had on display, Alexandre could tell she was distracted. Finally, he suggested they stop for a drink at one of the open-air taverns.
“The FBI suspects a number of serial killers are working as long-haul truckers, the better to cover up their monstrous deeds.” It looks like they’ve found one:
Only a basic sewing knowledge is required, that's the only kind of sewing i do!
A four pound chicken should probably take at least an hour and fifteen minutes. A bigger bird will take closer to an hour and a half or more. What you'll find though is that it's hard to overcook a chicken using this method, so it's safe to err on the side of "well done". To be sure it's done, stick a quick read thermometer in the breast (160 degrees), and the thigh (180 degrees). Once you hit those targets, you're good to go, regardless of how long it took you to get there.
I rubber stamped one of my favorite Acey Duecy stamps in black memories ink on plain copy paper. I water colored the image, let it dry and then spray the Goosebumps texture spray onto the image. I had the nozzle pretty close to the paper. The image is glossy and thick.
Lots of fun and exciting news has been emerging from the land of YA!
Martin left In A Hot Coma in 1976 and joined up with another former IAHC alumni named Mark Schneider for the first incarnation of Red Ball Jets. When Mark later split from that band, the rest of the group continued on under the name Jet Pak. However, Mark continued to record and release tapes under the name Red Ball Jets. Meanwhile, Jet Pak was picked up by a talent agency and was playing frequently around the Milwaukee area before Martin went on to do his next project, Taurus, with a bass player named Greg Scott.
3. To counteract my homesickness, which is really just JDMsickness since I don't miss much else, I will say it's nice when random kids say hi to you at church or the grocery store or the pizza place. I'm starting to feel more and more like this is home. Anonymity is officially gone!
moving from
There are so many different ways to fund-raise and often they can take time to organize. Some people jog their way to success, others bungee jump or cycle. If you are not able to partake of such drastic sports, but want to fund-raise for your favorite charity or good cause, then maybe creating something to sell is for you. However, if you are not creative, why not consider the candy fundraiser program.
remember to leave a comment on each DT's blog and finally and most imprortantly a comment on the challenge blog at the end to be in with a chance of winning a prize xxx
Row 7: Sc dec over first two sc. Sc next 4 sc. Sc dec over last two sc. Ch 1, turn.
Me: (Turning red at the critique) Sorry…?
Brush it with milk and place the tray into the oven and bake for 25 to 30 minutes depending upon the temperature of your oven or insert a skewer which comes out clean telling you that the roll is done.
The unelected European Commission has repealed the 1980 Ankara Accord between what was then the EEC and Turkey, and replaced it with a major change to the rights of Turkish citizens in the EU. The proposal was presented to a working group (we know not who) eleven days ago on March 30th, and approved by that same anonymous gathering. It specifically adds that ‘A first package with similar proposals in respect of Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, Croatia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Israel was adopted by the Council in October 2010′ and that this too will be updated to bring it into line with the Turkish proposals.
Some entries in this blog will focus on the art of writing, some on the use of writing as a tool for self-guided healing, and some on the role of writing in other projects by Sevenfold Healing SYSTEMS*MEDIA*GUILDS.
I don’t shake my head
Always cook the fish in low heat. Because if you place that meat on high heat, most of the Omega3’s will be lost. Cooking with the skin, also help to avoid that.
04 - Tangled Up In Blue
T - Time you wake up: 6:30
Did you know that? I mean have you ever even given it a thought?
I have good friends. Ones that have stuck by me through this crazy move to Maryland. I have some new friends too, so I can't say that it's too late or I'm too old to let new people into the life I share with my husband.
OK. I may have been a tad harsh… but come on! I can’t ever love a new redesign of a loved character, it is against the law. Much like how new viewers will hate the old look, that is how the world works and the way the world works is twisted and wrong!
Overall, this is an undemanding read, and one which I found hard to put down. I would certainly be interested in reading further books in the series. Ideal for a holiday read (despite the subject matter), and one I would recommend to fans of Ian Rankin or Peter Robinson.
Besides, my thinking is this: the terrorists may get us again…but it won’t be by plane, because there’s not an American out there who wouldn’t take care of business and take the bastids down if it ever came to that again. Remember the underwear bomber? Subdued by passengers. I’m surprised they didn’t pop open a door and deliver a little justice at 12,000 feet, too. I’ll bet it was considered, albeit silently.
cocoa powder or shaved chocolate
Yes this post is late in the day. I had one of those days so I hope you enjoy it.
had doubt about the information we did go and check the information out at other sources and found Wikipedia to be pretty much correct on more information than not and the biggest factor was that it was so easy to use. I for one loved the way a ‘list’ of each race was simple to pull up and then research. And hey, I just wanted to see a history book that put everyone's contribution together and not separated by race or hyphenation.
Well, uh 5e so far its sounds like the very good development team has its hands full with trying to be everything to everybody. Hopefully the brass won't screw this up with too many contradictory requests.
I wanna a black
I had been told she was a more than a little shy and that made me even like the thought of working with her more.
Reduce skillet heat to low and add the chopped onion, cooking until soft. Raise heat to medium, sift flour into the onions, stirring for about 5 minutes to make a roux. Let the flour and fat become well bound together and lightly brown in color.
Good Morning, lovelies!
Sunday brunch at Bourbon Blue in Manayunk. Can I tell you a secret? This is the first time in my life that I’ve ever had Eggs Benedict. Shocking, isn’t it? These were served over crab cakes and an english muffin with a side of Lyonnaise potatoes. I must admit that the crab cakes were quite good. I have discriminating taste when it comes to crab cakes, you know.
The book later goes onto recovery and the cure for Autism. A lot of people believe there is no cure. A lot of people believe there is. Through behavioral therapy, diet, supplements, and other biomedical interventions,. children are being un-diagnosed by the same doctor who diagnosed them with the disorder in the beginning.
News report:
Where will Rani fit in the busy plot? But one thing’s for sure – if this bit of gossip is true, Dhoom 3 will be one multi-starrer to watch
Indian Falls is a beautiful little waterfall and the fish fry at the restaurant was absolutely delicious. What a wonderful way to begin our visit!
Alicia, from Redhill, Surrey, adds: ‘I was in tears and ran after them and saw them dumped in the van like trash. Mira’s leg was cut — you can see the scars and she has a limp now.
“What a pretty hand you have,
How are you guys doing? My exams are over! Though I still have Statistics on Thursday, I'm not pissed as last week anymore. Hope I will get good marks for last week's exams!
of Heaven.
Luke’s black cows.
* Black and Red cardstock from my scrap box
Please use the spring color palette and a phrase or word to tell us a bit about your memory."
So yes, my word of the day is PROCRASTINATION. Today’s post is dedicated to the procrastinator in all of us (or most of us). I think I’ve just created a themed post for Mondays. Whaddya think?
is the rational alternative to Mitt Romney!
it's likely you drink and enter altered states on occasion.
Total: 18 points!
Thanks for praying!!!
Östgaard HC, Andersson GBJ, Karlsson K. Prevalence of back pain in pregnancy. Spine 1991; 16: 549-552.
infinite possibilities,
haunts the hills and forests of Wildwyck. The legends say he was born hideously disfigured and his ashamed woodsman father kept the boy locked in the root cellar of the family shanty high up in the mountains. When the father died, the boy—now grown to an adult and possessing an animal-like cunning—escaped from his prison and currently dwells in the wild, catching small animals and eating them raw. He also has a taste for human flesh, an appetite acquired when he feasted on his father’s cold corpse after breaking free, and Old Jan lies in wait for campers, hunters, and lovers that stray too deep into the woods and mountains. This legend is existed in one form or another for more than two hundred years old and this is just the latest incarnation of it.
Current rumours suggests that the PS4 will completely ignore the possibility of backwards compatibility and focus firmly on the next generation. So if you want to continue playing your PS3 games, keep hold of your PS3s, kids.
Thank you for your participation in the series, Jacob! Stay tuned to hear more from Jacob as he will be sharing an article with us in the near future.
Pretty soon we’re pulling each other in different directions with the capriciousness of a kid’s treasure hunt. “Look at this!” “No, come ‘ere, this is amazing!” and so on. There’s so much to see and so many whimsical pieces, I can’t decide what I like most. Scrunched Flowering Imps planted in the middle of a lush lawn or a line of torsos yapping on mobile phones with comical facial expressions, glass ball plants and metal flowers swaying in the midday sun. Mindfield is a flower bed planted with glass brains and there’s a dreamy-white yearning tree with dangling wishes from children: ‘I wish my mum would get in the swimming pool once in a while.’ We’re going to have to go back and gorge in the weeks ahead. Later that day I bring my Ma along (after the hospital) insisting she plunks down into a wheelchair even though she can walk short distances OK. There’s too much to see and I want to dash around, show her as much as an ordinary hour can shove in. The aulfella is housebound since April 2010 (refusing to use any walking aids or contraptions that would ensure a slice of normality) so she rarely gets out these days. Face to face with her first ceramic penis after 77 years on the planet, she gasps: “I know art is art, but Jesus Christ, is there any need for that kind of thing!?” Yes, mother, I’m afraid there is. Here’s just some of the pics I took on my phone and some more I pinched off a mate doing the rounds with a camera yesterday. I can’t recommend this exhibition enough – it’ll cheer you up and pull you out of the doldrums – if only for an hour:
Now, I am not a thief either in deed or word but I would like to expound on Lynna’s use of “The exotic Country of Land Mines”. Please forgive me, Lynna, if I borrow your use of words for a moment. Here’s my Land Mine story:
The report comes as the Colorado legislature has recently taken school discipline policies under review, pursuant to SB 11-133. The report analyzes the most complete set of Colorado discipline data, and according to the authors, “adds to and reinforces existing studies, documenting some troubling patterns, and suggests important changes in policy and in future data gathering.”
“The device went to market before adequate scientific work was done. There are problems that have not yet been addressed experimentally,” he said.
Publisher: Revell
under the moon
Now with the Senators coming to Oaks Park, owner Vic DeVincenzi sent out feelers searching for a talented pitcher of Chinese extraction. He didn't have to go far - two of his regulars, catcher Bill Raimondi and first baseman Leroy Anton had been teammates at Oakland High with a damn good prospect. Al Bowen was currently a 21 year-old strike out ace for the Wa Sung Athletic Club in Oakland. He'd been the star of his high school team and along with his two brothers helped form the Wa Sung ball club in 1926 which created quite a name for itself beating up on local semi-pro teams. By the time he signed with the hometown Oaks he was an inch shy of 6 feet and had been striking out between 12 and 16 batters a game. His dominance on the mound attracted large crowds from Oakland's Chinatown so along with a decent arm Bowen came complete with a ready-made fan base. The only problem was his name - Al Bowen didn't exactly bring to mind exotic images of the magical far east. As long as he was appearing in an Oaks uniform Al Bowen would be known by his Chinese name - Lee Gum Hong.
There is an AMAZING Grand Prize Package for one LUCKY hopper (winner chosen by Rafflecopter)!!
“Da Misfit refusedda pizza offer I made to him. And I even brokea into a chorus of “That’s Amore” too.”
This is just a sampling of the articles on the topic of the recent tornadoes. There are other “misfortunes” that come our way that can draw compassion. The loss of a job, a the loss of a loved one, a broken relationship, a sudden accident or illness … all of these are included in the “stricken by misfortune” concept. All are outlets for our compassion and our touch.
AfroMedia ,a quoted company on the Nigerian stock Exchange has
After just a few weeks of taking the steroids, that small still, beautiful, precious voice spoke into my spirit. “Frank, come away with me, I am your life, I am your stillness, I am your peace when all around you is falling apart, trust in me….trust in me.” The Lord was directing me to stop taking the pills yet I was aware that He was allowing me to make the decision and so I asked the Lord if He would lay a Scripture upon my heart for a confirmation of what i truly knew He was saying to me. He gave me …
2 handfuls of fresh mint, leaves picked
JOINT COMMISSION ON THE ACCREDITATION OF HEALTHCARE ORGANIZATIONS (JCAHO). Joint Commission establiashes infection control standard to address influenza vaccines for staff. 13th of June, 2006.
about contraception?
I am constantly saying all the foods I would like to include more of in our diet. When we first got married, I would ask Drew on almost a daily basis if he had eaten any fruit because I felt it was my wifely duty to make sure he got a well-balanced menu.
I mean, when you randomly find yourself with a nearly endless supply of something highly desirable to people, you have to do something with it, right? Like you damn women with your damn lady bits. Or stumbling across a huge cache of diamonds. You're set for life.
Is this whole thing worth it in the end? Is my fight really worth the struggle? I don’t know if time will ever tell. I do know that as I refuse to grow up, relationships will change. Do I want these to change? I tweeted earlier about what it was like to now know how to handle a crying girl, which is something that I didn’t know how to deal with for a long time. Now, I can be the person I need to be. I only mention this because the relationship has changed, and I am the one who needs to be there for some people due to my perspective.
I will be featuring and giving some shout outs of my favorites on my facebook page later this week. Other co-hosts will also be featuring some of their favorite links as well. Isn't this just the greatest idea?
“For by grace given me I say to every one of you. Do not think of yourself more highly than you ought, but rather think of yourself only with sober judgement in accordance with the measure of faith God has given you.” Romans 12:3
None of us likes to be told what to do, and yet managers often seem to lose sight of what it feels like to be managed once they’re responsible getting the job done. Too often, objectives focus on WHAT not HOW and managers are never held to account for the way they manage their staff, unless things go seriously awry. Of course it’s important to deliver the tangible results of the task but the process by which you achieve those results will mark you out for your management and leadership skills.
Their service is rubbish. The connection is slow. Whether you pay for 1 Mega or 5 Mega, you cannot really feel any difference at all… but the price!
“I know, but with my luck… You know what’s ridiculous? When I looked at the papers she faxed me, it asks for specific information about the dog, like a copy of the license and last veterinary exam – even a photo of the dog! How could I provide that information without having the dog? It makes me so mad.”
1 EL Backpulver
Type 'C.A. Moron' into Google and check the suggested alternative - 'Did you mean...'
We're on vacation.
It is precisely the gift from God of celibacy that holds the priest so tightly to Christ. The priest is bravely laying down his life, and living completely for the next world, in which there is “no marrying or giving in marriage (Mt 22:30),” no matter what consequences might befall him in this world. The priest is called to stand up in the truth, like a brave shepherd.
Entry:
I’ve just finished reading the three Henghis Hapthorn novels, one after the other, and it was one of the most sheerly pleasurable reading experiences of my life. I’ve previously read The Damned Busters and Quartet & Triptych. Where would you recommend I head next? And is there one book of yours that you would recommend to first-time readers of your work?
b) He’ll ask you to change your profile pic, cause it’s unfair to the other girls he is seeing (and he thinks he’ll start seeing them more, cause he’s obviously spending too much time with you) and will make fun of you with his mates over a beer.
Readers will often ask me whether I’m going to bring back one character or another. I make a mental list of the characters mentioned the most often, realizing that those characters must have resonated with the readers in some way. Jamie is mentioned a lot. In addition, in False Witness, we saw her as an idealistic and persistent law student. Given her intriguing backstory and motivation for going to law school (her mother was killed in a home invasion and Jamie wanted to become a prosecutor), I thought it would be fun to follow her as she matured into a tenacious but conflicted prosecutor.
producedbystatic@gmail.com
I didn't use the same stamp sets but, if you are paying attention, you will see the die cut out piece from my last post on this card. No sense wasting anything! The flower is from a Martha Stewart set that is not longer available but I wanted a 2 step stamp. The text is from a set called Contemporary Greetings that you can get from Red Rubber Designs. (Click HERE to see it.) I'm so glad that some of my TAC stamps are now being carried by RRD!
Lumber supplies available to distributors in the cash market have also been shrinking due to a pick up in the housing market in the wake of a mild winter in the country.
Step 6 A – If adding dumplings to plate
He says the Singh dinner, when Tareq and Michaele Salahi and Carlos Allen got through security, was, until now, the biggest scandal the service has faced.
they are so pretty!
Some days I just love figuring out other people's issues... especially when they hang up all this dirty laundry for everyone to see!
(“Steamroller”), which is due out on May 28. Since anticipation for the record is high
Yesterday afternoon I watched Oprah. It was a heart-stopping show about three young girls who suffered sexual abuse at the hands of their father and older brothers. At the end of the show Oprah passed along advice to them that she received from one of her mentors. She didn’t mention who it was but it took my breath away so I wanted to share it here. She said, “Forgiveness is letting go of the hope that the past could have been different.” Whoa. It’s not about condoning anyone’s behavior or inviting them back into your life or even wishing them love and peace.
We are about to move house for the fourth time in four and a half years.
And called on Him to save,
5) So the book's not fantasy and it's not paranormal. It's kind of this in-between realistic mystery that is so unique in the current market.
ALEX BRUMMER: Spanish meltdown would be a tragedy for our recovering banking system 11/04/12
Bear gets to sit by himself without a leash (because he’s a goody two shoes). I had my brand new leash, I get new one’s every two weeks or so coz I like to chew on them when I’m not wearing them.
”Hey, want to pull my chain?” 70’s flash back moments filled my mind as I was sure my mouth dropped to the floor. Which is my feeble nod “no” had no impact on him. “Come on pull my chain and we will blow this world away.” The first time caught me off guard, the second time just irritated me and I had to come back with something.
At the moment, I'm reading Janny Wurts' 'The Wars of Light and Shadow' series. These are fabulous, amazing books, by a writer of staggering gifts, and I love them to bits. By a clear margin, the best fantasy epics I've ever read; rich in detail at every level, powerful, moving, inspiring and brilliant.
The Treyvon Martin tragedy is a marvelous diversion from the ultimately compelling issue of the survivability of this planet and who threatens it. There is a sobering accompanying reality: The disproportionate number of African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and European Americans from small towns in the United States of under 10,000 in population, who are presently enlisting in the American Armed Forces because of a dearth of economic opportunity due to the deliberate exportation of this country’s manufacturing sector abroad, will all die in equally horrific numbers on behalf of an immoral war prosecuted on behalf of the interests already aforementioned. And why are Jesse Jackson, Maxine Waters, and Bobby Rush joining American Neo-Conservative Brownshirts like John McCain and Lindsey Graham in failing to put the Zionist monolith under a critical microscope for its real motives and actions?
In an age
So the first meal of the day I wanted to change, is, well, the first meal of the day. Breakfast. Here are the changes thus far:
However, although it would be ignorant and dishonest to dismiss the role Jews played in the early efforts to undermine Western society and the role which many eminent Jews still play within the massed ranks ranged against us, it is also possible to overestimate their role. When those within the Nationalist community blame all the attacks on the white European race on the Jews and on some vast Zionist conspiracy they are addressing a single, historical and rapidly shrinking foe, while ignoring many far more vicious and, now more dangerous adversaries.
I'm in love with the gray side table and so course the red and white tables are not too shabby either. The best part is the price $12.99 each piece. Don't you just love IKEA?
Maple Mousse ingredients, this was scrumptious with chopped pecans sprinkled on top.
If I say yes – my now 10yo isn’t afraid or resistant to come to me in the future and ask again. Also, he is more open to when I say ‘no’ and understands after some explanation that no is definitely no, I’m serious about it and more importantly why I say no!
This has happened before with other things. I've gone on redecorating frenzies and painted every room in my house, not stopping until the last piece of masking tape was down and the last switch plate cover replaced. I had the same sense of dedication to watching every episode of all nine seasons of The X-Files that I did to studying every wine region in the world and starting my own modest collection (which we ended up drinking before our last cross country move).
She continues, "I really don't have a set rule for art -- a collection should be just that, acquired over time and personal. Therefore the layering is inherent. I personally love mixing contemporary artists' work with old portraits and rich oils. In the same way, I love putting a vibrant pattern on a directoire chair."
Adam claimed that he ‘connected’ more with Tony (on a personal level), but I think that that is not enough reasoning, I’m sorry. It was also disappointing for the viewers because Adam’s decision to split his points unequally actually made the difference in this case: If it hadn’t been for those extra 20 points, Katrina would have made it to the finals…grrrrrr…
Anyhoo.
ANGELA: Yes, It was kind of scary.
It is infectious, happy music from the strangely, happy, shiny people of San Francisco. They have a bunch of gigs about town so check 'em out if you like happy, jammy, hammy, not reggae but reggae like, music with oodles of good musicians playing it.
I truly love being a parent.
When I was about 17 years old I, like so many other teenagers, decided I needed a job. I wanted the freedom and independence that a job would bring. I wanted to get PAID.
The challenge is still on at Drunken Stampers so do join us for it if you can! Also, drop by my fellow DT member blogs and see what they have created!
05. I Won't Go - Los Hooligans
Little bit went to day camp for two days until he got sick. He is STILL running a fever.
The sculptor for Neptune and Fishwives was George Burn and the sculpture stands 1.2m high and 2.8m wide. Neptune is seen standing on two dolphins, trident in hand with two Fishwives on either side traditionally dressed and holding fish and baskets.
On A Good Man Goes to War:
The activity was to go to the Culture Night in the Memorial Union at the Loading Dock. I have been to several of these events over my years here at UND. The Philippines were the country/culture that was being represented tonight. The presenter was very upbeat and kept the presentation exciting. The most interesting/intriguing of the presentation was the dancing that was done by a couple of people. It was very unique and I found myself tapping my foot to the music. Every time I goes to culture nights I learn a lot about a different culture, but the best thing about the night is the food. The culture night at the Union allow you to get a plate of food for a $1 of the cuisine from the country/culture of the night. The food tonight was excellent and I look forward to coming back every Thursday that I can to learn about a different culture/country and to get a good meal.
By: Mitchell Agostinho, Grade 12
Now if you really want to see what Christmas decorations should look like
Coloring Medium: Prismacolor Pencils & OMS
8) Pour 1/2 cup of water to the mixing bowl that you made kimchi in, swirl around to wash the filling and pour over to your kimchi.
The first time (here) I wore these shoes, I said they reminded me of Kermit the Frog. Obviously, they are my Kermit shoes!
Once we have accepted the healthist world view, no principled and logically consistent objection can be made against photos of rotten teeth on soft drinks. Those who welcomed the 85% sales tax on cigarettes are in no position to oppose an 85% sales tax on bacon. They can only wriggle and squirm and hope the puritans tackle their pleasures last.
He's taken some of his more whimsical designs and made them into socks.
Friday night, Joella and I went to a concert that involved people throwing paint on other people and I have *many* thoughts on this which I will save for another post but here is a very blurry picture of us in the aftermath:
Winter Quarter Week #2 Complete! We're getting back into the school routine; the beginning of the week was a little rough, but then we started to hit our stride towards the end of the week. Monkeyboy battled a cold all week, thanks to his first full day in Nursery at church on Sunday, which made some of our days a little harder to manage.
I decide, hey, these are really good teachers, it's a sucky time of the year (Wednesday was TAKS day, even,) and they deserve better than a mix, they deserve THESE brownies. Which are incredible, what with the boiled fudge icing and the real buttermilk and the two whole sticks of butter and the extra-dark Hershey's cocoa. (And then, dang it, you have all this buttermilk left over, and so you HAVE to make homemade buttermilk biscuits. Fuck. No wonder I'm fat.)
Pressing on, Fen Bridge takes me over the river and back into Essex just as two canoeists paddle beneath. I hear the unmistakeable call of my first cuckoo of the year as the path continues to follow the river alongside more twisted willow pollards, eventually reaching Flatford Bridge, where Constable painted Flatford Mill (Scene on a navigable river). Crossing the river again brings me to Bridge Cottage, sitting snugly beneath its thatched roof. In the garden, a dry dock, the setting for Boat-building near Flatford Mill, painted in 1815.
I've joined a running group to do more races.
Adventure 2 Complete Adventitious 1
1957: Jeffrey sent to office and given a good paddling by the Principal. Returns to class, sits still and does not disrupt class again.
To those of you who don't think I really had a book signing, I did , I just had it here in Green Bay. It was advertised on AM Radio, and in the Time Herald. I did get about 50 books sold and signed, and about ten more people I knew brought in their books to be signed. I have photos I'm going to post of that.
Seriously... the thing I am finding now is... to listen to my intuition... and when I get into that zone... that space of listening... of observing... everything reveals itself... and there is often some funny banter along the way :))
Jorja: (huge sigh, tugging on her eyes at lack of being able to instill any wisdom into mommy) OMG! You drive me nuts. Now I have ants in my pants.
Lyra watercolours ( I got mine form Joanna Sheen)
The 37 year old medical doctor was loitering at a lift lobby in Clementi while donning a school uniform of Victoria Junior College, comprising a top and a skirt. When he caught the attention of the girl, he lifted his skirt in her direction and expose his genitals as the lift doors were closing. A police report was made and Dr Ngeow was arrested the following month.
Finally, the much requested, much anticipated, well I could go on... Very crowded, hot, slighty abbreviated set w/ several Seeger Sessions reprisals from Bruce's previous Jazz Fest show. More than a few songs feature the crowd w/ sing-a-longs, clap-a-longs, Bruce out in the crowd, etc., but what else would one expect? Sound seems fine otherwise
What are you doing?
Oh and the picture above...well that's my gorgeous Curly-Haired Girl getting some sand in her toes at the most beautiful beach you have ever seen in your life; Lucky Bay at Cape le Grande in Esperance WA. And it was as heavenly as it looks. Put it on your bucket list. You won't regret it.
"Anyway, Father looked at that loop of string for a while, and then his fingers started playing with it. His fingers made the string figure called a 'cat's cradle.' I don't know where Father learned how to do that. From his father, maybe. His father was a tailor, you know, so there must have been thread and string around all the time when Father was a boy.
Do you have the stinks? Do you have to double or triple rinse? Does it feel like it takes all day to wash a load of diapers? Is your water bill outrageous because of all the extra rinses? Do you spend a ton of money on laundry soap for diapers? Do you have to strip diapers because of soap build up?
The film begins with a text scroll explaining that the ozone layer just mysteriously deteriorated so much by the year 1990 something that scientists had to construct a “shield” to protect humanity from radiation poisoning, which eventually backfired and almost entirely eclipsed the sun. Now an evil corporation controls the “shield” and uses it to blackmail the public. Yeah, sounds like Highlander to me, too! I guess this could be a good plot for an entirely different movie, but for a Highlander sequel…this is just out of left field.
So through all this I need to slow down, be intentional, and love, love , love no matter what. I need to pay more attention to those around me and their needs. I need to rely on Jesus not man. Man will let you down but Jesus is always there no matter what.
In the aftermath of the British withdrawal from Sangin, we have considerable media comment, and a huge contrast of styles. Up front is the ponderous – some might say pompous - Max Hasting, in The Daily Mail. He says: "Blame the generals and politicians for this mess. But our soldiers can hold their heads up high."
1) You must never talk of the larger of the two British Isles as “the mainland” – Never ever say you have come over from or are going back to “the mainland” – This will get right up people’s noses.
which is natural which is infinite which is yes
Set during the time of the Japanese occupation and the Filipino resistance movement, young Nene struggles with new love as she copes with the clumsy advances of Dado, the suitor condoned by her family, and the exciting encounters with a Japanese soldier. Performed in English, Tagalog and Japanese.
Wait, a cross with shed blood
Ryan: calling people “poor” makes it seems like
as if to say, "There's nothing to see here, folks, keep movin'."
black Pepper powder - 2 tspn.
he won't be even eligible for the other knee replacement for at least 6 months!!! - but i'm just so proud of my Dad - such a strong and amazing man - still cracking jokes and hitting on all the nurses - god i love this man!
With seasons changing tirelessly in a row,
Please join Ella's Girls in wishing Iwona well and thanking her for her
The bottom line is the ALA awards have an integrity that is not well served by this sort of pleading.
Saturday was Getting Things Done Day, and boy howdy, did I! I puttered productively for about 12 hours, most of it devoted to laundry and paperwork. I got TONS of exercise, adding about 7,000 trips up and down the stairs to my now daily aerobic walk.
e.) Turn your fabric and do the same thing with the bottom edge of fabric and your other ironed end. Make sure that you are working on the same side of the fabric because in the next step you will fold it in half and you want your velcro to line up so that they are facing eachother!
do you love it, chessmate?
A question you may ask, I’m sure, is her age; I will
The story isn’t told chronologically but jumps around a lot which I found made it more engaging. Both of Alison’s parents are prodigiously intelligent people; her father is a professor, and her mother is an actress. When I originally wrote that sentence, it came out in the past tense, and although Alison’s mother is still acting during the course of Alison’s childhood and adolescence, she feels like one of those women whose individuality became subsumed by her husbands’ personality and her children’s needs. Her mother seems very disappointed with life, resigned to living with a man who doesn’t really want to be with her, and whose interests are totally separate from her own. Bechdel talks about her mother with a sort of sadness, and actually I just found out that she is bringing out a new book in May 2012
billion c m. The agreement gave IEC the option of extending the agreement by another five years on the same terms. The gas started to flow only in the middle of 2008; by mid June 2009, EMG had already failed to meet its commitments. The Egyptians demanded a price increase over what was stipulated in the agreement because of the large difference from the price of gas on the global market. In August 2009, IEC signed an updated agreement with EMG that met Egypt’s demands. Thereafter, until the political upheavals, Egypt met its obligations. However, once the uprisings began, the Egyptian opposition demanded a halt in the supply of gas to Israel or a price increase. Concurrently, the flow of gas was interrupted several times because of attacks on the pipeline in the El-Arish area.
Circles - I love circles - mandalas - inclusion - rolling wheels - sun and moon - round - spherical - pies - turning...circles... and what makes these two journal pages special to me are their spareness - spare simplicity often eludes me. These pages were made in the winter - while the earth here was buried under a thick blanket of white.
Like Neytiri says in Avatar,
Of course, he wants to have animals, chickens among them.
Which brings me to The Traveling Vampire Show. I am pissed off by it’s very existence. The title suggests a brilliant premise – one that encapsulates conflict. We all know carnivals and traveling troupes are creepy. The idea that such a show could conceal real monsters behind nothing more than gel lights and face powder is stunning. The book should write itself.
Monday: Start my new job!
13. Menuetto. Quasi Allegretto 2:56
itself, but, of course, its function is strictly musical.”
What Possessed Me: Where I go first when I need to be amused by someone who's very funny and very smart. And very smarty-pants.
you focus your thoughts.
Procrastination - an art I'm getting good at.
I do not play favorites with the seasons, I love them as they come, the way they are. But, I can not help doting at the fall, just a little bit more than others. I am not to be blamed. I live in New England. Fall here is nothing less than chimerical.
Bring how u feel
I am new to polls, but I believe I put it together currently. For anything not in the list, feel free to comment, but I would be oh-so thankful to have you pick a poll item too!
He did not notice the tea towel, a gift frrom my friend Karen or the antique label I had framed that hangs over the sink.
A brief 1896 account of the early pioneers of Morven, GA remarked upon Norman Campbell’s early days in the county:
Bohemian Rhapsody – Queen
“Bend over a little farther for me. Touch your toes.”
Now that that is out of the way…
Then I realize, it is not their things I fear losing.
Larry did much better than I thought he would and I am proud to show this off.
and faster when he thinks of her, the copies
Spring’s Celebration
“Sir, we remember how that impostor said, while he was still alive, ‘After three days I will rise.’ Therefore order the tomb to be made secure until the third day, lest his disciples go and steal him away and tell the people, ‘He has risen from the dead,’ and the last fraud will be worse than the first.”
I wanted to print out this really cute Easter print from pinterest. I saved it on a flash drive we had and while I was saving it I noticed it had some files on it called Teaching and Nursing Resources, Community Health, Fall 2010 Semester, etc. Neither Phil nor I took nursing classes so I just assumed he found it laying around and tossed it in our "all things technology" basket.
Quick prebed post on Days 4 and 5.
* Create gift portraits including a special gift for Vice President Joe Biden and wife, Dr. Jill Biden with the Sesame Street Muppets.
Despite all the classic Bourdain venom, I was much more interested in the chapter about Justo Thomas, the guy who breaks down all the fish, every day, at Le Bernardin. Bourdain lyrically describes the work, somewhere between art and drudgery, of a lone fish-butcher, trapped in the basement of New York's seafood temple, cutting fish to perfection. It's the story of a man and his craft, and it even has a surprise happy ending.
Now that Paul is done with finals, I noticed a trend in his texting patterns–he texts me more when he has class than when he doesn’t. As in, he texts me more when he has something to stress and complain about, but his contact completely plummets in terms of messages otherwise. Kind of makes a girl feel like you only want her around or need her around during the happy times, right? The funny thing is, I know this isn’t the case with him. It’s just weird when semesters end and I hear from him much less.
Talking of cream, what do you do on a chilly and wet bank holiday weekend? Warm everybody up with hot scones of course! My goodness they were delicious! We ate them while playing our favourite game of Articulate during a nasty rainstorm. Our word descriptions were punctuated with crashes of thunder which was hilarious - like being in a very bad horror movie!
This was where you had to guess whether Jess was originally going to be called Josie, Laura or Izzy.
Happy Friday everyone! Thanks a lot for the support, it gives me such encouragement , I truly appreciate it.
There isn’t just one way to write that paragraph and have it work. I know y’all want the silver bullet that will assure your query letter the attention it deserves but as you can see from the list of comments left on yesterday’s entry, readers had different opinions on which one worked best for them.
So what's with the date of this parasol? It's really challenging to pin a parasol to a precise year, let alone an exact decade. There are a number of factors that one can use to establish a date (such as the rib construction, the style of spanner joints, the overall length, and the size and shape of the canopy), but when it comes down to it, there was never only one style of parasol in existence in any given year. Sure, there may have been a general look that was in fashion, but within that look there would have been plenty of room for variation, and who's to say that someone didn't offer styles that were just not in fashion It's not like the 1890s or 1910s had only ONE style of shoe. We know that just wasn't true.
And hearts grow enamoured of divine delight
So, submit what is true for you, regardless of who will be viewing it.
04 Automaton - Astral Altar Dub (6:36)
“You know it’s a bad idea to Gate directly to the Sherim, Rel. For that matter, you know it’s a bad idea to go twice in the same day.” Pevan put her hands on her hips again, fixing him with a glare as if he was just out to make mischief.
Keep warm
It has been a moment of great intimacy, but of course we couldn’t do without a walk and some shopping.
On the 1st I wore the pink top I made back in April. It was so hot that day that as soon as I got home from work I put on shorts and a different top and completely forgot about taking any sort of picture.
Alas for the wheels of our hastening youth!
*The difference between Old and New is a political decision.There isn't a difference. The idea of the human measure is the same to our day.
So God is the one who controls rising, however you can influence your own rising, there are things you can do that will enable you to rise very fast because Hebrew 11 v 6 says God is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him; he decides who goes up, he decides those who goes down but if he is going to reward me, he cannot reward me with down grading me, he can only reward me by promoting me and he is a rewarder of those who diligently seek him.
Where do i go from here….. ive been a survivour as well as a leader via ministry for some time now…. it has been a rocky but ruff road… nonetheless, im here and im ready to continue my course
The universe conspires to help not hurt...as long as that's what we believe...
Shannon: Cork. (Turdish). (Spongy).
If we progress in this competition it will be in spite of Eriksonn not because of him. If we don't progress in this competition, the BBC will be tempted to start showing Wimbledon and slowly ditching the games they think nobody will want to watch. Arrrggghh! Wimbledon! Aaarrrrrrrggggggghhhhhh!
His response was that if I didn’t come down to the station he would come and pick me up from work. So that pretty much answered the question whether I was going to be arrested again. Mr Zia in fairness did suggest that if I was too busy to go down to the station today I could do it tomorrow. I agreed with this and offered to meet him there at 8am tomorrow morning.
Is there really a job that does not require communication skills? Gates disabused the minds of those who assume that creating software is purely a solitary activity where you sit in an office with the door closed all day and write lots of code. He said: “This isn’t true at all,” adding that “it requires the ability to collaborate and share ideas with other people, and to sit down and talk with customers and get their feedback and understand their needs.”
First, make a mountain with your flour (yes, I play with my food; and my Mama encourages it!) and make a hole in the middle. Crack that egg right inside that volcano you crafted, and pour a bit of olive oil in there for lava. Grab your fork and scramble up that egg yolk. (We also tried using Crisco instead of egg + oil, you'll find out how well that worked for us...)
In the early 1960s the Soviet Union initiated agendas of military aid, training and financial support for selected insurgent groups in Southern Africa. In the middle of the 1970’s they also employed their own mercenaries in the Cuban troops, which allowed the Soviets to intervene without too much finger-pointing from the West. During the Border War the Soviet-backed troops were equipped with the most modern Soviet weaponry. The Soviet Union shipped heavy armaments into Angola, which included jet fighters, tanks, helicopter-gunships, air defence missiles, radar and numerous vehicles.
The place didn’t make much of an impression. As a small kid, you are usually in the moment and don’t care what you’re doing as long as you get some attention.
Blimey. Don’t forget the knee. That hurts.
And not surprisingly, the ubiquitous O. Henry did time in the Travis County Jail.
I would HIGHLY recommend making a pattern on cardboard first so all your pieces are uniform. I realize that it’s not the perfect square due to having to cut it out with a knife. My dear hubby decided he needed my scissors and left them out in the garage area and they rusted. Since my quilt is just made from basic squares it was pretty easy, though REALLY monotonous!
Did you have any first day of school traditions you did growing up? Any that you do with your kids or want to do one day? What an exciting time of year - although it's sad to see the summer go, so many great new things ahead!
Do we really have to have dinner tonight? I don't feel like it.
I also hope that the Squisha would be given an Arsenal retirement party at the end of next season. My only fear is that Squillaci’s deal expires in 2013 in Football Manager 2011…I hope that the game is wrong this time.
The following day I was to visit two schools in the Henderson area the first was the Bruce McLaren Intermediate school where Carol Brooks was waiting to meet us.
Am I alone in this fight?
I don't renege on my promises. Not usually. Not to my readers. The kids, that's a different matter. I call it preparing them for future disappointments. They'll be the stronger for it.
Brilliant Fox Command
Do you find yourself asking what should your blood pressure be? If so, be sure to discuss this question with your physician and get the facts about your health. You will have no way of knowing whether or not your blood pressure is normal without having it checked, or checking it yourself, and some simple lifestyle changes if you do start to develop high blood pressure can literally make the difference between life and death. And, don’t forget that one of the best things you can do for your health today is to pop out and buy yourself and your family a blood pressure monitor.
Kevin Spacey, Margin Call
It's a short, but sweet release that I'm happy actually happened with the band's track record for actually releasing material. Best of all, as part of The Music Tapes standard procedure of including some type of goodie with their releases, the "physical" release of this EP comes with a Music Tapes kazoo! Yes, I know that sounds very dorky, but it is equally awesome and I can't wait to play it whenever I'm listening to the band.
Kenny raised his eyebrows. “Really? How did you get up there?”
With Grant Jerrett (Arizona) and LaVerne Lutheran (Cal.) on the other side of the court, nobody gave St. Patrick’s much of a shot. However, the Celtics proved that they had some star power lurking and it showed through today.
your lexicon.
Its eyes gleamed in the dark. The leader of the patrol there and then made a report by telephone to the outpost. A search party, sent promptly to the scene, found half-metre-long human-like footprints. A dog caught the trail, which crossed into the border demarcation zone.
Here's how the three events stacked-up:
Seven months. That's how long ago since the last time I used this computer. As a blogger, that's a major sin of omission.
... it is not a God who is responsible for the evil and imperfection of the world, because the world we experience is the creation of our own ignorance, our own cravings and passions. That imperfection should come out of perfection and completeness seems to contradict all reason, while the opposite appears more likely to the Buddhist. The experiences of life and the examination of those who attained enlightenment have taught him that from a state of imperfection, perfection can be achieved, and the sufferings resulting from our passions are the very forces that lead toward liberation.To overcome our self-imposed suffering, the Buddha tells us, we have to purge ourselves of certain natural but harmful tendencies of mind and emotions -- something like Christianity's seven deadly sins. Releasing the grip of self-defeating tendencies means keeping a tight rein on every aspect of behavior. He calls it the Eightfold Path: right view, right intention, right speech, right action, right livelihood, right effort, right mindfulness, and right concentration.
A nice crisp pecan adds crunch and sweetness to this salad. You can skillet toast the pecans but I use a toaster oven. Line a baking pan with foil and spread the pecans single layer. Preheat the toaster oven to 325 F. convection (or traditional bake cycle) and bake the pecans for 8 minutes or until you can smell them. Don't go too far away while cooking because pecans (and nuts in general) move from cooking, to cooked, to burned, very quickly. They will crisp up as they cool.
I retreated to my bedroom and started trying to figure out against which surface I was going to massage Chet’s face when he got back: a retired stripper’s hairy armpit or splintered wood with rusty nails protruding from it.
tongue roll call cadence, hear the school bell ring
14a. BYU Cougars
Believing in His Name means we must be willing to commit our lives to all that He is as represented by His Name. And His Name is Lord Jesus Christ.
What it learns from people the AI will mirror or deduce the proper logic to use.
Well, it's official! Fantasy football is here for 2011! I was at my first draft of the year tonight--for the Deli league. Of course, I did NOT get most of the players I was coveting. But then, last year, I wasn't particularly happy about my team either, and I won the title for the second year in a row. Do you think I can go for three? Odds are not in my favor, but I will have fun trying! And, crazy me, I have two more drafts to do for other leagues. Gary is trying to talk me into a fourth league. I am hoping he fuhgeddsaboudit! KWIM?
And then my favorite part (do you sense the sarcasm)... the Dolly Parton hills. Doesn't everyone like a couple of long steep hills at mile 20 of a marathon? The hip was having no part in the hills... and finally, I had to take a couple of very short walk breaks on the steepest parts. I was being very good, though, about keeping the breaks extremely short. I would guess I walked less than 1/2 mile over the entire duration of the marathon.
Each week my goal is to get your opinion on a CCS related thought. This week:
Indonesia, the third-largest emitter of greenhouse gases in the world, most of which come from deforestation, is setting out to reverse the trend. One of the ways it plans to do so is to create a national strategy to put more trees on farms, a practice known as agroforestry
Kate’s daughter Joss is a typical sullen teenager, black clothes, combat boots, badly cut hair, piercings, etc. At first she seems a bit typical but throughout the book she grows and evolves and actually becomes one of my favourite characters. I fully sympathized with her desire to stay in the house she has lived in for such a large portion of her life, and not move out into rooms Kate has rented in someone else’s house. She doesn’t want things to change, and although her and James have had a relatively distant relationship, her desire to stay with him makes them realise just how important they are to each other. Although never morphing into sunshine and lollipops, her relationship with James and with his Uncle Leonard is well written, believable and lovely. I have stepchildren and it’s a tenuous relationship, always.
Also, my stride felt springier than I thought it would. In a way, I felt my run was lighter and kind of bouncier than usual. I left all gadgets behind and tried to focus on form. Stay on the forefoot. Make sure I lift my feet as if I'm stepping over logs. Calves going whoa!
Limited overnight accommodation: please book now. Non residential participants welcome.
Under the local Islamic law of Pakistan (and elsewhere in the world), a woman is not fully human. Rather, she is a mere chattel; in other words, she is the property of her father until she marries, and then the property of her husband thereafter. The results are perhaps predictable.
It's an exciting week over here in Lindsay Land! (Yes, it's a place. And yes, it is awesome.)
My father was a Republican for the first 78 years of his life. For the last twenty, he’s been a Democrat (he just celebrated his 98th.) What happened? “They lost me,” he says.
F. Printer's Tray: These vintage trays are great because if they aren't going to serve a functional purpose, they'd still look sweet on a desktop or as a wall hanging. I'm always in need of trays like this one to store unsorted type or type that didn't come with a whole font. Spacers, ems and en quads would also find a home in one of these. Whatever the case, anything that helps this printer organize her studio gets a thumb's up.
I call you but you don’t answer.
I got to the airport in plenty of time, not trusting everything to be ok. It was, of course. But my first flight was delayed, leaving me 50min between flights in Copenhagen. Just enough to get from one gate to the other. And then my next flight was delayed, but only after we had boarded, but that was ok, because the flight from Frankfurt was also delayed. By the time I got onto the last flight I was knackered and ready to kill. And I sat down in the wrong seat, but that was a good thing, as I ended up getting isle seat on an emergency exit row. But I still only slept one hour..
2. Someday, I'd like to be an event planner.
If Muslims are keen on generalisations and on making necessary connections, perhaps the link between Islam itself - the Koran itself - and terrorism should also be stressed by. Of course they could not do so even if they did believe it to be the case; just as non-Muslim UK journalists rarely, if ever, make the link between Islam itself and terrorism even when - or if - they believe that such a link exists.
i know that sounds like a lot of explanation, but i wanted to drive that home, because it might seem like it makes more sense to choose the image that you want to appear first in your animation as you base image, and then go in that order from there. but if you do that, your animation will play in a backwards order. and it might seem counterintuitive for your earlier animation frames to have higher layer numbers. but if you start renaming all the layers, it can get confusing, especially if you have several. you could also move layers around... but again, it could get rather messy if you do that. i'm trying to limit the steps and keep it as simple as possible. so i think it's best to just let Photoshop number them as you add them and leave them as is.
I did what I was instructed to do, try them in both the toasted and un-toasted variety and I was warned that they are quite sweet. But I have to admit pop-tarts taste better than I thought they would, even if the sweetness does make your teeth crawl and a sugary aftertaste lingers on the back of your tongue, stuck there no matter how many sips and gulps of tea you take.
Niceties and uncommitted replies that do not fully grasp were given instead,
I hope I've helped you today. I"m not very good at explaining things...SO, if I've left something out...please feel free to question me by leaving a comment.
April 07, 2012
Above: a photo of Erich Wolfgang Korngold, probably around the time he wrote the concerto.
As I finished the treatment, I quietly apologized to her that we medical professionals, with all of our expensive equipment and meds, couldn't help her get better. I found myself regretting that I hadn't been called to that hospital to treat her, and that I hadn't been able to drop off a pointsetta to brighten up the dreary room that will probably be where her last days will be. And I realized that the price I will pay to be in a profession that I love, and one that allows me to make a living helping people, is to be looking death in the face.
So many images that are unusable here. I was just looking for one or two for an example. I usually forget to restrict my search by license, so I get a huge amount to begin with. That's fine. Let's see what happened when I pared down the search.
Immense boss battles are one thing, but when that’s literally all there is to Shadow of the Colossus it started to feel slightly repetitive. By the time I’d reached the half-way point and toppled the eigth colossus, I was beginning to feel like that was enough. But when there were another eight battles still to come it gave the impression that Team Ico were spreading their paint far too thinly, using quantity over quality to mask an otherwise relatively shallow game (especially when colossi like Kuromori and Celosia stand knee-high to a grasshopper compared to their genuinely colossal brethren).
I’m sad because…
And, Howard, if you’re reading this…I was only kidding about the coffee. Millions of people enjoy it every day. For me – it’s the Tazo Awake tea in a mug (not paper) and the mini double fudge donut. Good stuff!
“Get in, priest!” he growls.
“Wouldn’t it be great if money was not the driving force behind all business, but the success of society?”
Jattan karo kujh dosto, torho maut da jaal
Oh brother.
In response, I sent this:
We set off before the end of Ecole and right before Evan's birthday, destination: Yale in New Haven for his 30th college reunion. My 30th reunion at Gettysburg in Pennsylvania conveniently happened to be the following weekend so we tacked days on for travel before, a week sandwiched in the middle and the time to get home and there it was: a 2 week road trip through 13 states and thousands of miles with 4 1/2 year old twins...here we go!!
Ocean stones,
So, when I see that it has collapsed it reminds me of all the collapses that happened back 20 years or so ago. It reminds me of the trouble mum and dad had collecting their debts as their clients either stopped paying, went belly up or just extended payment times materially and I am genuinely worried about the health of the economy.
Woody bamboo pith, boston lobster claw
In retrospect, it is easy to see that the expectations for a more inclusive international order that Wilson’s rhetoric and global stature raised among colonial nationalists went far beyond the president’s intentions and even further beyond what he would achieve. But at the time, most Egyptian, Indian, Chinese, and Korean nationalists, along with the millions who lined the streets in the capitals of Europe to cheer Wilson as he drove by in his carriage, believed that the peace conference would transform international order in ways that would help them gain the right to self-determination. They were neither naive victims of Wilson’s hypocrisy nor, outside a few exceptions, radicals intent on revolutionary transformation, but rather savvy political actors who, keenly aware of their weakness vis-a-vis the British and Japanese imperial projects, sought to harness Wilson’s power and rhetoric to the struggle to achieve international recognition and equality for their nations. They moved with dispatch and energy to seize the opportunities that the Wilsonian moment seemed to offer to reformulate, escalate, and broaden their campaigns against empire, and worked to mobilize publics both at home and abroad behind their movements. When it became clear that the postwar settlement would fall far short of these expectations and the visions of international equality that Wilson had evoked collapsed, these mobilized nationalists launched the simultaneous revolts that convulsed the colonial world in the spring of 1919. Despite the title of this book, it is they, and not Wilson, who are the main protagonists of the story that follows.
For those who are new, I post a challenge on my blog every other Tuesday and at the end of the month I choose a winner. So if you join in on both challenges for that month you get 2 chances to win.
Just click on the image and in the download you will find, a digi stamp image for you to colour as you wish, and also the coloured version in both jpg and png.
Indeed, as I watched the local Bohol people go about their religious practices I was reminded of similar crowds I’d seen years before in Kelantan, in Padang, Quiapo and
In fact, the Coorgs’ traditional attire is unlike any in Karnataka, or even India. The men wear coats that hang down to their knees with elbow long sleeves, a gold and scarlet sash, a jilted turban with a red scarf, and a silver or gold sheathed dagger. While the women wear their sari in a unique way by tucking in the pleats at the back.
He said the deal selling off Beacon's assets was the best result, but it proved more complicated and expensive than a simple liquidation.
“Billionaire entrepreneur Kevin Trudeau said that elitists and Bilderberg members who he had personally conversed with spoke of their desire to see “two-thirds of the dumb people” wiped off the planet.
As the big songs approach, I realize that I am heartily anticipating this showcase. I want to see them perform! (In Dream High 2 it was more like, "Well, it's about that time in the episode again. I guess they're going to perform at me, now".) Pilsook's sweet, heartfelt, and puffy-dressed performance is contrasted with Baekhee's exotic, fierce rendition of the same song. And then, oh noooo, Jinguk shows up on stage with Baekhee.
2.) NEVER ALLOW YOUR HUSBAND TO VOLUNTEER YOU TO MAKE 2 SHEET CAKES THAT ARE DUE ON THE SAME DAY. This adds extra stress because she didn't agree on her own AND he's been telling people how great the cakes are going to look. Knowing that there will be 70-80 people walking by the cake table and admiring (or silently criticizing) her creations will add even more anxiety.
Sandy Lemon
"She isn’t large but imposes largeness on one’s mind, with her huge breasts, heaving even when still, her wide, heavy set hips, swaying even when seated, her soft hair, her wicked eyes, her…everything. She is young, I can tell these things, she is young, but experienced young. She is wise in the ways of the world. Pulses quicken when she looks at you with those emerald jewels of hers, full chest trust out purposefully, teasing. She knows what she has and how to use it.
All that is gone now as Hyde and Smith continue to push the band towards the radio friendly pop end of the market; the respect they once garnered has faded.
4-What nocturnal animal would you be if you had to choose and why?
Students spend their third-year studying for a Masters degree in subjects resonating with the aims of the programme. Past graduates have pursued Masters Degrees at leading universities such as the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, the London School of Economics (LSE), the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), and the Institute of Education at the University of London.
Okay, so now it's official....my laziness knows no bounds....I barely even blog anymore. My reason?? I'm sleepy. I'm tired. Or, as my husband like to say, I'm ill-disciplined and unmotivated. WTF man!? So I likes my sleep? Is that so wrong!?
I was happy that she didn’t consciously resist the call. I was relieved when it was simply a manifestation of her ability to resist glamour. I’m kinda tired of her constantly fighting the system…
So I did just that. I switched to a cheaper brand.
The letter of your name, and whatever you decorate the letter with don't have to be the same. Heck, if you have a favorite letter go ahead and pick that one. Name start with a Y and love crafting? I think you guys get the idea.
In my view now, EDL and SIOE are two sides of the same coin of far right extremist populism. SIOE plays to a more upper class and petit bourgeois conservative audience, EDL to street fighters and football casuals, but they are essentially the same. They lack the ideological coherence and complexity of classical fascism, but they are heavily influenced by fascism. They are closely related, too, to the Euronationalism of Nick Griffin and Jorg Haider, which appears to be simple conservative populism on the outside but is Nazi to the core. Any “anti-German”, anti-anti-Zionist or anti-anti-imperialist who has any time for this shit is, well, completely beyond the pale.
Meanwhile, we have Thanksgiving coming up soon-- and I can't help but to wonder what this year will be like- not being with my parents and brother back home in Alabama - celebrating the holidays for the first time ever without them. It will be different for sure, but trusting God that it won't be a lonely one. He's sent us some great friends in the past 6 months who have really reached out to us in so many ways.
(And in case you don't know, a newspaper morgue was not where clippings and photos went to die, but where they went so they could be found again. It's a useful reference system in which clippings are organized by subject headings so past stories on a person or subject can quickly be located.)
Have you ever reread a book and had a completely different reaction to it than you did the first time? Love turning to hate, confusion to understanding, or disappointment to heart-stopping glee? Not one word of that book changed. You did. In high school I read The Stranger and felt as if my world had been turned upside-down. In college I reread it and found the story flat and uninteresting, and walked away untouched and baffled by my younger reaction. My understanding of the world, my fears, my needs had changed, and so the story changed. The words Camus wrote remained the same; nevertheless, the story completely changed in my mind. Camus didn't do that—I did that.—Shannon Hale, ‘How to be a reader: Reader responsibility’, squeetusblog, 31 August 2008
Here’s where I’m going: more-or-less gumbo. In order to arrive, though, I have to rummage around to find the brown roux. If I’m out of roux, never mind. I’ll just make a poha pilaf with pecans and whatever and add the chopped bits of chicken. A good lunch for two.
Review: I think Manhandled serves as an intriguing introduction to both of its authors. A lot was packed into a short number of pages and it felt like a complete story, but also like a very, very short novella. Don’t get me wrong. Manhandled was hot, and I liked both characters being such stark contrasts to one another. Manhandled certainly delivers on its main premise…
1 grey
She wove a braid of blue, black, and green; into a friendship bracelet for Jude. She made sure it was perfect, and handed it to him Monday morning, that first day that Grace didn’t go to school.
the smell of a campfire
IT IS VERY DANGEROUS TO STAND AGAINST THE CABAL
05-20 Lawrence, KS – The Granada
Heap mixture into potato shells. Place on ungreased baking pan; bake until potato mixture is brown-tipped and heated through, about 25 minutes.
I was bad.
I thought I'd share a few pictures of Jack, in honor of his recent birthday. I saw a post on Pinterest recently with an idea to ask your child the same twenty questions every year on their birthday and record the answers, so that's what I've done here. I think the original idea was to scrapbook it all, but I'm not quite that organized with my photos yet, so for now blogging will have to suffice.
Russ: “I don’t rightly know that I can say more about it. It just got to me. You don’t have to be a writer to have that experience when an event or something you see or some person suddenly gets to you, and there it is, you suddenly have to do something about it. Can’t say more than that.”
Am I the only one surprised this? Does this say more about me than the other people? I mean, I’ve never realized my love for someone in that amount of time. I’ve really liked people within 3 months. I’ve really enjoyed having them in my life in 3 months. But love? I always thought that kind of quick (? Is it really quick now based on this study?) realization was an anomaly. An exception. Not the rule.
as you know, my sweet model christy graduated from high school and i'm very proud of her. she's been accepted in a nearby college and is taking advantage of the cost savings to live at home. great news for me as i get to keep my model. right? *smile* we worked hard on her tea and the girls were so happy with all the homemade goodies. actually, her mom and i were pressed by a couple people to cater other teas. but...i know catering is not in my blood. i love doing the occasional party - but that is hard work! the sweetest compliment christy paid me that she was proud to have adults like me in her life that serve as great role models.
I'm in the middle of my blog tour with Lure Of Forever and I'm running a contest. Comment on any of my stops for an entry to win one of three copies I'm giving away. Comments have been a bit thin on the ground really, so check those posts out, otherwise I might get paranoid and think nobody loves me!
However, if any Newsnight viewer did come away from the programme believing that these attacks were being carried out by blond Australian surfers, no doubt battering their victims with tinnies full of Amber nectar, as BBC2 apparently wanted them to believe, they would be sorely mistaken and indeed misled.
Milliners flowers
I didn't pack this along with the rest of my stuff because I knew I was going to take it out anyway (same goes for PanOxyl). But for accuracy's sake, I'm listing it to account for all my skin care stuff that are actually out of the bag. (1)
Available in Deveney's of Dundrum.
Serra asserts that he creates for a physical awareness. This is for the viewer to orient oneself to the artwork. It is at once impersonal and personal. There are no straight lines except for the gallery. The sculptures require the spectators to walk through. Spectatorship should be an exploration, not an affirmation of artistic principles. In the very nature of traveling through the sculpture, there is a process of becoming, a discovering, and here Serra creates these possible, only experienced in person, gallery memories. In discussing milieu, Deleuze says
Today the case started at 10.30am and as billed, the reclusive Paddy McKillen took to the witness box. A diminutive figure just over 5 ft, he was smartly dressed in a dark suit, light blue shirt and dark tie. Silver-white haired and deeply tanned, not mahogany brown like George Hamilton, more the reddish hue that you get on Celtic skin. A man with delicate features, but his amiable disposition was still evident on his face, at least before the real questioning started today. His voice is a softer version of Barry McGuigan’s and in the witness box, after taking the religious oath, he was very focussed and considered in his performance, frequently donning and doffing his reading glasses to examine documents. Paddy didn’t once look over in the direction of Derek Quinlan who was seated some 30 feet away.
filled with various romantic happenings
H – I baked you some banana bread!
Next up: Duck & Madeira Pate I was so excited when the platter arrived that I missed the waitress' explanation of what Madeira was, unfortunately, but I think it's a Portugese wine that's used to make this pate, which is simply amazing. The consistency reminds me of SPAM (as in the canned lunch meat, not sludge of junk email) except much less greasy, and containing pleasing chunks of what I think are solid fat that breaks up the 'background' meat nicely. This one was also so fresh tasting that I wouldn't be shocked if someone were to tell me they keep a farm in the back.
Later in the day I was lucky enough to go to the spa and get a massage. In honor of mother's day they gave everyone a glass of champagne. Lovely.
I feel so blessed to have these gorgeous children of mine. Yes some days are hard, if I'm totally honest, most days are hard, but I am blessed none the less!
Hey all you bloggers out there! I am trying to make this blog a really good one! Since I am bored on a Friday night, I thought ‘what the hey?’
HOWEVER!
adhesives
I wasn't sure if he would want it but he is down this weekend from Uni and I showed him, he was thrilled and wants me to embroider dates etc on it for him.
Shannon Stratton - I ended up sitting next to Shannon on a bus after an opening one day so I introduced myself. As soon as she mentioned that she was Canadian, I excitedly told her how much I love Montreal. It was a true statement, but also sort of like meeting someone from Mexico and telling them how much you love Cancun. She totally pointed this out. I was pretty sure I wouldn't be allowed in threewalls anymore (they have a strict "No CTA Creepers" policy), thankfully I've been back a dozen times for openings, the amazing public culture lecture series, and of course the best parties in town!
Peace be upon you…
'Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the house
3) That there are good reasons for believing that Searchlight Educational Trust is using its donations for, and engaging with, activities that do not have (or are not in support of) a charitable purpose. This would be contrary to Charity Commission rules and statutory regulations.
We’re constantly being told by production companies that if we do a treatment right now, they’ll find “money for development” (they won’t); that if we do a little script polish/total rewrite, “money can be moved around to pay for it” (it can’t); or this from a producer sitting behind a desk slightly bigger than my house: “Your script shouldn’t be a sitcom, it should be a film and I absolutely have money for this right now” (he didn’t).
little mermaid snuggles with the big sis.
They need constantly to be countered by the ideas that underpin liberal democracy. In particular, we need to keep on propagating the idea that the real alternative to apartheid is not another form of social engineering designed to promote an impossible equality of outcomes but an open society committed to equality before the law, political and economic freedom, corruption-free and proper democratic government, and rising living standards for all.
I then press the box lid into the plastic firmly ... this will secure it to the lid. Turn the lid over and wait for the plastic to cool. The Paper will slide off easily when the plastic has hardened. Then I heat the top of the lid to weld all the pieces in tightly and achieve a smooth finish. While it is hot you can impress embellishments; wire; beads; Beadazzles ... anything you like really. Leave to set again and you are good to go!
To send all these young people off to war
A bunny is the best thing yet.
Alan would do these 25 takes and change the direction on every take so finally you did not know what you were doing. And that was his aim. He just wanted you to dissolve into behavior. It was an exhausting and slightly frightening way of working, but really kind of thrilling. In fact, it sort of influenced the way I teach acting. Then I didn’t see him again after that until three weeks before he died many years later. He and his wife Hannah were in a restaurant at a birthday party for a mutual friend of ours, and we ended up across the table from each other. We had this long, long talk and I had the chance to tell him how his way of work had really changed my whole way of thinking and going about acting – either directing actors, acting myself or teaching. And I’m glad I had that opportunity to tell him that. That was 20 years after we shot the film – and then I read three weeks later about his freak accident. He told me that night about the film he was about to do – adapted from that book about FDR and Eleanor during the war. It was by that marvelous historian Doris Kearns Goodwin. He was very excited about that book – and he was on his way out to Long Island to work all weekend on the screenplay when he was killed.
We had lots of interest in joining us and I want to thank everyone who applied. I wish I could have taken you all.
A Pure Formality directed by Giuseppe Tornatore
We also happened to share five facts about ourselves with each other.
This is my first successfully completed sew-a-long! I used Butterick 5330.
He calls the heavens and the earth from above *
If the Lord cares about the details of our lives like our luggage being lost, how much more He cares for each of the little ones who are lost from their families. He brought Lydia into our lives and we don't know all the details of how he worked things out for us to be together. We don't have to know everything, but He does and He is already there at the end of our lives knowing how the pieces fit together.
papers - first edition - spring feast
We arranged his stuff into the truck. Junk. Sooner or later, it’s all junk.
No more sweet red wine, we are now sampling other wines to find our favorite.
99. Go to a Renaissance Fair
oh well, that's how life moves. we go with the flow. good thing there's the radio to keep us entertained. nelo is a big fan of monster rx 93.1 particularly "the morning rush" program with chico & delamar, now with gino as del is on maternity leave.
I'm trying to crack on with making my Christmas cards right now, so when I saw this week's theme for the challenge over on Less is More is 'Stars' I was really happy as I can enter today's card.
I don't want to have to tell you again.
A Rural Woman's Breast Cancer Journal - This has art, reflections, and updates on treatment as well as other tidbits helpful for those coping with the trauma.
Check out all her goodies...
I was consistently fascinated by unexpected connections, accomplishments and contributions being added to the ongoing tapestry of our country by so many people from so many ethnic and cultural backgrounds, that I simply couldn't put the book down. If I could ask for anything more, it would literally be just that...more.
Now, it is all safe to move onto wrapping the fabric around the sides of the backrest of the wing chair. For this I use a tuck and fold method. This is when you pull the fabric tightly, slightly folding it, in order to roll over corners or edges, without a bulky look. Continue this down ward to the arm rest.
MP Dr Michael Jeyakumar, who took part in the rally, commended the police for a peaceful event, saying that if politics are left out, such gatherings are possible for peace-loving Malaysians. I concur with Jeyakumar.
Because I am in full time nursing school, it is not a surprise that we are a bit tight on money. I promised my husband that I would not go wild and I would work mostly with what we already had. Lord knows I would love to just march on in to Hobby Lobby and feverishly shove everything into my cart that I desire. Self control and willpower, Kristina...self control and willpower. I stuck to that promise and haven't spent much AT ALL. Maybe $50 to redo his entire room, including paint and brushes.
Admin DT ~ Kimberly
This is not child's play, this is will be written into the history books as the Great African War.
Digital
When looking to repair your credit, you should check into credit counselling agencies as a means for help. Credit counseling agencies can help you reduce your debt, and guide you to live within your means. Be prepared to give money to people you owe and not incur any more debt.
15. Keep a “Stop Doing List”.
The need to know and the ability to predict what others are thinking to do or will do or how nature behaves is essential part of human scientific spiritual growth from the time we discovered Fire. For example we want to know whether rains come or not next year. This helps farmers to decide to either sow or not to sow. The rain pattern helps governments to prepare for draught management. Oppositions parties to blame governments. Again if rains come we want to know will there be heavy rains so that flood management can be activated. We want to know if there will be medium rains and limited water availability then planning can be done for alternate crop patterns. We also want to know if there will be very little rains so draught crops can be sown and water conservation can be activated. If there are super heavy rains like cyclones we want to know at least 2 days before so that all population can be evacuated to safe areas. The entire meteorology departments were existing for this function of predicting cyclones using again mathematical modeling of temperatures, wind gusts moisture etc.
The following links are intended as starting points for research that everyone who is serious about working within a group toward sociopolitical change should undertake.
Detached and subdivided
The name Madame Tussaud is connected worldwide with wax museums, but few of us are aware of the role she played during the darkest days of the French Revolution. Born Marie Grosholtz, as a young girl she began learning the trade of wax modeling for entertainment purposes from her mother’s lover, Philippe Curtius. Marie became a renowned wax sculptor, and during her early adulthood, attended Curtius’s salons, which were graced by the presence of such soon-to-be luminaries as Robespierre, Marat, and Danton. When requested to serve as tutor to the king’s sister at Versaille, Marie became acquainted with many of the royals as well. As a result, her family performed a delicate balancing act at a time when accusations of treason, and immediate execution, could occur at the drop of a hat. When the Terror began, Marie was given an order she couldn’t refuse – to make death masks of celebrity victims, many of whom she knew personally.
Radio Panik featured a track Yasuo Akai and I did together and Sadayatana featured a field recording nestled among ambient drones.
To those who don't know me, GH is minimalist and I am more in to "que sera sera", what I like, I put it there, thing? And I am loving it. So, we both comprimes... 50-50 and we both gave a HI-5!
Three autograph books are part of the little stockpile of interesting things I brought from home this visit. One belonged to my dad and two were my mom’s, all filled with autographs from their schoolmates and friends in the 1930′s and 40′s. This past-time of collecting little bits of wisdom in small books probably evolved into the year book autographs of later years. I remember someone writing to me ”Roses are red, Violets are blue, I shot my dog Cuz he looked like you” and thinking the whole custom was highly overrated.
OK, my darlings, here goes....
i lie in meek silence on the floor
Value: 5/10 A big ding here: without that Shipley, I would have had some great base cards and a couple inserts, but not a whole lot for my $40. NOTE: Out of the two boxes I had three "thick" packs. Two were the ones that had the variations, which are essentially 1:box, and the other had the Shipley. So if you buy one of these and pull two "thick" packs, you could theoretically open those and sell the remainder (not that you'd do a thing like that...). Anyway, a rookie per pack was nice value-wise
‘Hugh & Bess’ by Susan Higginbotham
One word to describe my weekend and the start of the week! LOL!! It was a rare that I can sleep in and be in my jammies most of the weekend. So let's started with all this HAPPINESS...
- Maharani by Anurag from the first year in handicrafts exports
Anyway, we took the motorbikes where which was amazing. Just about everyone here drives bikes. Unless you’re rich enough that you can afford a car, you drive a bike. I actually felt safer riding on the bikes here, than walking on the side walks. It was so much fun and really sucks that we’re not supposed to be driving and not legally allowed to drive bikes in Vietnam.
soul? And why have you become disturbed within me? Hope in God, for I shall
2: Who was your favourite character and what district are they from? (Capitol and District 13 count)
How cute is she?
There are short-cuts to happiness, and dancing is one of them. ~Vicki Baum
Otherwise just getting out was awesome. It was a gorgeous part of the day (which started out overcast and clouded my climbing dreams before turning into a sunny mid-fifties afternoon) and after huffing and puffing our way up the trail–we both need to be in better shape–we had a great time toproping up and down a few routes we made accessible by one of the very few anchors the NC3 has allowed to remain in place at Horsetooth Reservoir. My partner clambered his way up what he determined was a 5.8/”Boulder Canyon 5.9″ despite the pendulum whipper he surely would’ve taken if he’d fallen. Having had to take a breather from sports in general and climbing, for the most part, in particular–though I did make an exception recently when my sister and her boyfriend were visiting and wanted to go climbing at Miramont–to let my hands heal after sustaining multiple lacerations in an auto accident, I was taking it easy and lapping on a 5.5/5.6 that followed the rope line straight up, with a slightly bulgy but fairly straightforward crux near the top.
2 Cans of Pillsbury Cresent Rolls
musicality
Don’t let your leadership look like this:
The story of this winery is that of a dream. I am surprised how often engineers, surgeons, lawyers cultivate this childhood fantasy to establish a farm and live the simple country life, an ideal they sometimes fulfil late in their career. This is the profile of Graeme Lunney, a lawyer from Canberra. He and his wife Susan bought a 50 hectare property, called “Fourwinds” in the close vineyard region, on which he planted 33 hectares of Shiraz, Riesling, Cabernet, Merlot and San Giovese in 1998.
Establishment blamed
Oh i must say that if i have not visited / commented on your blog for a while, ive been a little busy with the potty training. Im looking forward to visiting you all soon though and catching up.
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: Thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over.
Ok, the first day of school is over. I survived the meetings. I survived the heat. But I'm not going to lie...my first day positive thought of, "I am NOT required to wear pantyhose to work," didn't last me until 4:00 PM. It didn't really even last me until 9:30 AM.
27 May 2011: Michelle Grattan op ed… ‘Leadership lacking as Libs squabble over smoking: Abbott should put politics aside and do what he can to help stop a killer habit.’ The Age.
” All Saying Must be Balanced by Unsaying, and knowing must be humbled by unknowing. Without this balance, religion invariable becomes arrogant, exclusionary , and even violent.
I have cried out to God many times (even in the face of the death of my precious husband almost 11 years ago) to not live and abide in the “extremes” of pain and loss and hurt and disappointment, (my own or other’s), but to resist it in His Name and Power, humble myself before Him in the face of such things, and pray for the wisdom to know the difference between “storms” I need to rebuke, due to the panic and fear of those in the boat with me…or which “storms” I am to “walk over” by focusing my thoughts upon Jesus.
Re-use the bags:
as well as with relevant international institutions – e.g., the UNEP
Whilst it is accepted that any person may give notice of opposition under Art. 99 EPC, it is submitted that setting up a blog to inundate the proprietor with oppositions is an abusive process which puts the proprietor as a relatively small company at a significant disadvantage. The proprietor requests that the Opposition Division bear this in mind during the opposition procedure, particularly with regard to requests for extension of time and an award of costs, if deemed appropriate.While the large number of oppositions (19) and opponents (29) may well have been swollen by virtue of the blog, it is difficult to see how the use of a blog to support an opposition, whether by the opponent himself or by an interested third party, should make any difference to the outcome. The criteria of patentability, and of invalidity, remain unchanged and any patent that is granted without fulfilling them is vulnerable to an action for revocation at any time throughout its life. One might expect the use of blogs therefore to enhance the grant of quality patents.
“Both the exhibit and the accompanying symposium are completely unique ways to illustrate a truly fascinating part of our ophthalmic heritage,” said Jenny Benjamin, Director of the Museum of Vision. “While images of eyes and eye disease have been created since the dawn of humankind, the greatness of photography and film in capturing the exact nature of disease and its cure is without parallel.”
Well...here she is....
Next night the same thing happens. Exactly the same thing. Except he calls down and tells me that he's reading to Punky and JoNo both. Hmmmm. Okay, fine. Finish the story and then go to bed. All goes well.
of six-and-twenty. He was never seen in any other dress, and yet there
Or is that a heart attack?
are all sorts of books: anthologies
riddled with sweeping
Who will care about your rights and your freedom
C is finishing up the third quarter at school, so I've seen a few unit tests come home with him, including on on landforms for Social Studies, and one on subtraction for math. He also brought home a beautiful picture he made of landforms. I had to share it. It includes an island, peninsula, plain, mountains, volcanoes, plateau, canyon, ocean, bay, river and lake. I thought he did a great job.
I know I struggled for the entire duration. I was emotionally immature and it took me until I was 17 to get to the same emotional and hormonal level as others who reached the same point by the time they were 13 or 14. It meant I was considered one of the weaker boys. I could never join the cool groups as we literally did not speak the same language or dream of the same things. While others were getting into The Smiths or whatever indie group was popular at the time I was unaware of the existence of anything outside of the BBC charts. While other boys talked lasciviously of what you were meant to do to make a girl come I was still too painfully shy to even say hello to a girl let alone ask one out on a date. While others talked of the kind of car they’d buy once they were old enough to drive I was still poring over the latest Lego catalogue to choose the set I wanted for Christmas.
And yet, in the course of only a 3-week fieldwork period in eastern Congo in the winter of 2004, a couple of female bureaucrats at USAID who didn’t shy away from tackling head on this phenomenon, gave it the name sexual terrorism, now tagged by the UN, and developed in the process a basic theoretical toolkit for understanding it - to the shame and grief of academic social scientists!
Here are just a few of the pictures that didn't quite require a post all on their own, but definitely needed to be shared!
However, the only way to advance art from the point we are currently at, is to look back at the history of art and acknowledge what it has always done for us humans.
In case you are wondering, I went to Kroger for this shopping trip.
Huffman first blew me away a couple years ago in the short-lived Showtime series Out of Order. Compared to Lynette on Desperate Housewives (for which she received an Emmy), her portrayal of Order’s Lorna is sorta like comparing Orson Welles’ Charles Foster Kane to his wine commercials – he does both like no one else could, and yet it’s still all about the material.
Mark: eye roll
I don’t know what to do, it’s not the first, but this time it’s crucial I need to know what to do. I know what I want, but unfortunately, what we want is not always what is right.
This holiday weekend I went with these bright and cheerful Hyacinths... They are not that common in Florida, so I grabbed the chance to change it up a little, never mind that they were a fortune, sometimes you just have buy that luxury item you can't live without! - and in this case, that's two bunches of hyacinths, which I am sure will keep me smiling the whole weekend and hopefully next week as well :)
When his promoter sets out to make an author more like the dashing he-man in his bestselling novel, she succeeds a little too well and winds up with an amorous client on her hands. Russell once again brings out the comedic flair that served her so well in His Girl Friday and gives a hilarious performance: she has a particularly funny scene with Willard Parker as they are dancing to the sweet sounds of swing... at four o'clock in the morning! My favorite performance from this movie, however, is undoubtedly that of Brian Aherne. Sophisticated and charming as usual, Aherne is delightfully indolent and wry: most of his lines are delivered from a comfortable lounging position, as though he hasn't a care in the world. Of course, his characterization does take a slightly more serious turn at the end, but he still retains that same indolent charm.
“@AnnDRomney is one of the smartest, hardest working woman (sic) I know. Could have done anything with her life, chose to raise me.”
I decided to be organised (for the first time in my life) and make sure my card was ready for that Special Lady in my life in plenty of time! So this week...
Up to 350 had previously been reported missing, which should now be presumed dead. The Ugandan mudslide disaster is a direct consequence of climate change.
What I really enjoy about their range is the creaminess of all of their beers, it makes the beers feel significant but not heavy. The Pale Ale and IPA are hops forward, the IPA more so, of course. The creaminess in these two examples really seems to bring together the palate, with the hops playing the role of topper. I was really surprised how much I enjoyed the IPA, SnapperHead. It has the perfect amount of hops for my tastes, it’s strong but as I said its creamy nature really creates a different experience from other IPA’s I’ve tried, most importantly it does not have that earthy note that is common in hops heavy beers. I actually want to go and find a six-pack of the stuff, very rare for me.
Insidious. That's it.
You've probably already heard about americaspeakingout.com, the house Republicans' new website where they pretend to care about what *you* think. Dana Milbank wrote about it this morning, and you really should read his thing about it, because it's hilarious how proud they are of their creation, one which became overrun with trolls about five seconds after its launch. If you get bored today, and you will at some point, I highly recommend the site for laffs, because it has now become the #1 comedy site on the whole internets, and I bet you'll come up with a suggestion or two yourself. So much fun!
Just a fun idea of a way to SHOWER Adoptive Families w/ LOVE...BOOKS, and $ towards their adoption.
Alas for the castors that wobbled so seemly!
Stamps are of course from Penny Black - Toadily. Sentiment is from Imagine That.
2) Write daily.
Me: “You are as sensitive as ever.”
The Campaign for Tobacco Free Kids seeks Associate Director of International Communications for Social Media (pdf) to help promote tobacco control policy in Africa, China & India. International-focused social media advocacy experience required; fluency in French considered a plus.
* setting influences characters’ word choice
Words are healing
“Reeling in nothing except for moss and an old boot. But we are not disappointed because we are just two perfect friends fishing by the river,” said Emily Luker.
Upscale brasserie - part of the Music Center, across the street from courthouse (take 4th floor - Grand Ave. exit).
I’ve decided to run with it. I am making beef stew today. Lots of beef stew. And these boys have no idea how much my heart is rejoicing that I am able to make it. No idea… I have tears in my eyes right now because I am able to make beef stew!!
Obviously, it was a terrible thing to see Patterson’s legs and arms flopping around like they were, but the worst part of all to me was the fact that it took a full 15-20 minutes for an ambulance to make it onto the scene. After what happened to ex-Viking Korey Stringer August 1, 2001, it’s my belief that every NFL training site should have an ambulance on site. Being a 300lb guy completely covered in pads in weather that sometimes reaches up to 100 degrees, the NFL should take extra precaution and make mandatory an on-site ambulance for every team. Not to go too over the top, but if this was more serious, Patterson could’ve died right before his teammates, coaches, and fans today.
A. The Nikon Nikkor 50mm f/1.8 AI-s E-Series
As promised, I have finally finalized the items for my First Giveaway for reaching 100 followers! I'm super excited to host this (and a little nervous as well!) and share some of my guilty pleasures with you all since that's my theme for the giveaway!
ice plant
The terrorist attacks in Oslo on July 22, 2011, were the biggest assault on Norwegian society since WW2. Needless to say, they had a huge impact on the national psyche. The left-wing community in Norway immediately demanded that conservative forces in Norway, and the Progress Party in particular, re-evaluate their political views on immigration and multi-culture, and distance themselves from what the Left labelled Muslim-hatred, once it was established that the perpetrator was a Norwegian non-Muslim ethnic male.
In it Valdis Krebs tells us to:
I digress. I figure I can aim for the tips of the rubber braces with my sticks as if they were each hi-hat, crash, and ride cymbal. Hopefully that will lead to increased accuracy with my cymbals, if I can't actually have them for practice, that is.
Now that my grad class is over for the semester, I finally have enough time to get back to the gym. And I am sore as crap. I have every intention of getting in two ass-kicking hours at the gym every day over the break. I have come to terms with the fact that I flat-out suck at working out, and will never, for a variety of reasons, have anything even resembling an impressive physique, but going to the gym regularly does insure that my pants will continue to fit and that I can take off my shirt at the pool. Most importantly, however, it gives me a bizarre boost of mental energy. I assume that for most people this manifests itself as sustained energy throughout the day, getting up more easily in the morning, etc., and I enjoy a modicum of those benefits as well, but mostly I suddenly find myself with the gumption, the pluck, the audacity, really, to, say, attempt to conclude the semester in my literature elective, the one filled with random students who needed a second period class, by teaching Othello. Take that, teenagers. Do your worst. And also to read Moby Dick, so as not to have to look embarrassed every time one of my literature professors says during class, "I assume you have all read Moby Dick?"
Linking personal consciousness with wisdom’s source
This year, http://www.transmediale.de/ presented itself with a new artistic director: Kristoffer Gansig. What a job. Prove yourself as the new kid, make it extra special as it’s the festival’s 25th anniversary and wow people with an on the edge programme. Well achieved.
Lord, I hope you’ve been able to sleep, I still cannot. My brain keeps thinking of more while the pain keeps me awake. It seriously sucks ..
Michael Chia was in the timber business and regarded as the ‘collecting agent’ for Musa
The last picture is a Fire Rainbow, which is the rarest of all naturally occurring atmospheric phenomena. The picture was captured on the Idaho Washington Border, the event lasted about 1 hour. Clouds have to be cirrus, at least 20,000 feet in the air, with just the right amount of ice crystals and the sun has to hit the clouds at precisely 58 degs.
Of course, I had to buy some books while I was there.
So I got good news this evening! They have placed a trac in my Godmothers throat and although she won't be able to speak she will be able to breathe! They are also going to be putting a tube in for feeding. Possibly her shoulder. I'm sure for her it's not ideal but she will be able to eat! And they are going to be moving her into a nursing home! She will not be home where all her stuff is and where she is most comfortable but she will be alive!
2. Be physically ready. Time and inertia is your enemy, so if you can adjust your pace a little bit faster it will be better. Refuse to take the escalator when you know you can walk down the stairs away from the crowd. Stop walking on the moon. Brisk walk a little bit. In this case, the slow ones will really get left behind. If you know you’d be doing a lot of walking, wear comfy shoes but still presentable ones. Choose sandals if your feet is more comfortable with it. It’ll be most preferable to leave your heels in the office and just change when you arrive. I remember my second day. I wore my heels while commuting cause my bag is heavy and I didn’t want to wear more comfy shoes and carry my heels with me because it’s too hassling. After that day, I thought otherwise. Four of my toes had blisters and it was ugly and painful. The train controller can be rowdy at times, so you have to know how to balance your weight on your two feet. Know how to take control! Be tough and keep your body parts intact. If you’re the first person in the line infront of the train, make sure that there’s enough space for your feet to step on before forcing yourself inside. If you see the ladies squirming, bodies in tortured state and shaking their heads, then it’s not worth the squeeze. If you’re not okay with skin contact, it’s either you turn off that disgust mode of yours or get the hell out of there and spend your chances on riding a cab.
I am lucky to be blessed with friends such as yourselves.
This brings us to the old-hat Protagorean relativism and the Lockean ‘tolerance’ of Franz Boas, according whom; “The general theory of valuation of human activities by anthropological research, teaches us a higher tolerance than the one we now profess” (The mind of Primitive Man, 1911). Now this is all fine and dandy, but what level of tolerance should we display when, for example, a Noble Savage in South Africa rapes a baby in the belief that it will cure AIDS/HIV or, less sickening, how tolerant should we be when two tribes go to war over a dead cow? The tolerance Locke and Boas demand is very much applicable to philosophical deliberations in the ivory towers of the academia, but has, unfortunately, preciously few answers to give when it concerns moral integrity in a world at war with itself. The cultural relativism of Boas and Peter Winch is underpinned by the belief that people think differently in different cultures simply because all thought reflects the traditions to which it is heir, the society it is embedded in and the environment to which it is exposed. So far so good; especially since Winch uses cutting-edge Wittgensteinian relativism (e.g. ‘all is language games’) to drive a permanent linguistic wedge in between cultures and, at the same time, to dismiss the belief that there is such a thing as an a-historical cross-cultural ‘universal’ rationality.
3 — Genocide
“You have got to be kidding me!” declared Arik at the end of his patience. “I thought we were going to Hobbington!”
After we turned down DJ's referral, I was going back through my e-mails and ran across the information that SA had sent to me. I quickly e-mailed our agency contact and sent him the information SA had provided to me and asked if he could find this boys file on the shared list. This boy has an SN that we had not originally considered, but his age fell exactly in the age range to which we were open.
It is there and existing eternally, all pervading (available everywhere) and omniscient (aware all the time and therefore healing principle gets to work when injury is sustained).
Anyways here is a recap of the clothing I purchased.
Largest open pit mine site in Europe.
After our return from Washington, we begin our good byes at Eglin. The wifia -- a group that sustained me without measure during my three years at Eglin has our farewell at Sarah's house.
Show me now
In 2008, the Poverty in America Survey, administered by National Public Radio, the Kaiser Family foundation and the Kennedy School of Government, found that 57% of respondents stated that welfare support causes women to have more babies. Indeed, the identity of the welfare queen is still pervasive today, still causing the American public to be reluctant to pay into a welfare system that would propel poor mothers out of poverty, and feel more comfortable paying for a system that monitors and controls poor women’s lives.
Creamed Morels on Toast
Bay windows are a wonderful addition to any property and fewer and fewer properties are actually being built with any bay windows, making them somewhat of a dying breed! However, if you have a bay window you then you may well realise that despite looking great, owning bay windows does come with its own set of responsibilities. It seems that one of those responsibilities is to pay a premium on bay window curtain poles when compared to normal curtain poles!
K. Murphy
Method for Kofta
Sounds like a terminal, eh? Well, when and if I finish,
Among hunter-gatherers—and all humans were hunter-gatherers until 10,000 years ago, sexual selection of women tends to intensify farther away from the equator. On the one hand, hunting distances lengthen, thus increasing male mortality. On the other, polygyny becomes less common because women are less able to provide for themselves and their children in winter, thus making it costlier for a man to provide for a second wife. Result: a growing imbalance between the numbers of women and men on the mate market.
But here we go again.
Not many details of the game are known, but the game will hit store shelves on 13th November 2012. Just like E3 2011, we expect to see a live demo of the game at the Microsoft press briefing at E3 2012.
#2- The kids won’t come in the house until dark (and they forget they have an X-box or an iPod!)
05. Flakes
And darkening still her blue eyes bright
If you love fragrance our wickless wax melts can be used for whatever you need. Meditation, relaxation, or just to add a clean highly scented fragrance which makes home the place where you and your family want to be.
Pretext is the subtext of hyperspace
Ron Tutt - drums
manner
ONCE THE DOUGH IS MIXED WELL STIR IN THE HAM AND CHEESES....
Tomorrow we're off on our next step in the moving process.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss together the tomatoes, 1/4 cup olive oil, salt, and pepper. Spread the tomatoes in 1 layer on a baking sheet and roast for 45 minutes.
I am obsessed with burgundy at the moment. It's currently my favourite colour and I found this nail polish hidden in my collection from about 4 years ago now!
AI Sheet
I am going the freelance way.
It seems with each answer comes a new question. I'm making peace with my beliefs about God, Jesus, and traditional holiday but now I'm struggling with prayer.
still hoping
I honored Don Meredith simply because he cracked me up. Not just on MNF , but even on something as ridiculous as those Lipton Iced Tea commercials he used to do. Nothing profound about my admiration for Don Meredith. I read his obituary and said to myself, "Oh, I have to mention this on my blog!" When I read Elizabeth Edwards' obituary, while saddened a bit, I didn't feel the same need. I couldn't remember her ever having piqued my interest.
righthand corner of your desk.
Now ... which seam to work on next? Have to think on that while I finish up the laundry!
DK: More of the same, but faster. More audiences across more media channels will drive the need for more creative advertising executions. Content marketing and social media will play an increasing role in all that. Also, there will be increasing demands to measure audience and ad execution performance with that audience. And with the ability to measure performance, executions will become increasingly targeted to maximize advertiser results.
Over the weeks we saw a beautiful large barnlike structure being erected with the most beautiful wooden frame. Maybe a new sports –hall or a ‘cathedral', it is far too big for a regular barn. Hmm what could it be?
So what if the song has a few critics, it's being praised by millions. The song has got over 10 million hits on YouTube.
Y'know, the important style questions.
on the diamond plumb
"Honey - come look. There's a 'possum playing dead in the front garden!"
The mix and match...
What demands my Queen makes are those that make heroes and kings.
"Syrin is making a promise. After he fled his captors, Syrin learned that one of his brothers had been found and caught again. Every day, after he perfects his craft, and puts away his tools, he promises his brother in his native tongue that he will find him, no matter the cost." At this Mattias looked down and licked his lips.
Leg 4-
7:38 – Germany aims for 80% renewable electricity by 2050. Sounds like a long way out, but impacts decisions made today. No new coal being built. 45% co-operatively owned in Germany.
The designer paper is SEI "Chocolate" and it's also a shimmery grayish silvery color with a touch of gold. I can't capture the shimmer at all! I used a Spellbinder's Lattice Edge Die Cut to cut Bazzill Gray and trimmed the image with ZVA Creative Pearls.
But being a blockhead, we’ll see what happens.
Scot McKnight’s book, The Jesus Creed, helped me get a big picture perspective on the Lord’s Prayer. He points out in the book that the Lord’s Prayer is rooted in what Jesus considered to be the greatest commandment, “Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind … love your neighbor as yourself.” (Matthew 22:37, 39) If you take a look at the prayer, you’ll notice that it follows the same pattern.
Had it been a plain, beside this river,
*Harry apparently thinks that Charlton Heston is good looking. Just in case you were wondering.
Have my head examined due to delusional thinking.
Star Sign : Gemini
Today is the last day for the Give-A-Way. You have until midnight tonight to enter. I will draw and notify the winners Tuesday April 3rd.!! By this time tomorrow we will have two women on their way to having more freedom in their lives. They will be one step closer to being more prepared to take care of themselves and that is just fricken awesome! Can't wait!!
This is the first time I have felt rather unhealthy since the beginning of the purge of all-things-bad. I have only eaten slices of pizza and cookies today. And far too much of them, at that.
Serrano said that there are Committees of Solidarity with the Five in 111 nations, but we should be more energetic, because the struggle for their return home will not cease until they are in their homeland along with their relatives.
“It’s not only hotels which suffer, as seafront businesses, cafés, pubs and taxis are also affected.”
If so, that would put him far off the pace of the lead group of Bolt/Gay/Powell and potentially battling with the likes of Doc Patton, Richard Thompson, Daniel Bailey and Ivory Williams. But taking that same "drop" in speed to the 400 would give him the fastest speed EVER brought to the event! An event that I think is due for an explosion of its own.
Yes, this is it! That troublesome focaccia from The Great British Bake Off that caused so many problems for some of the bakers. I’m happy to report, with slightly more than a smidgen of smugness, that my focaccia turned out perfectly! However I definitely had an edge thanks to having watched the contestants struggling with it first – I followed Paul’s recipe to a T and made sure to add ALL of the water!
Adios, Mr. Print Britannica!
(or, more accurately, a job has come and gotten me?)
It was finally time for my race to start. There were 97 starters in the 12km (70 in the 36km, 32 in the 60km) – the totals have been slowly increasing each year. I think 200 is the capacity of the current permit, which was exceeded about 2 weeks prior to the event. Given its success I think they may try to extend it, but I do really like the small community feel of the race!
12. Return with the Elixir
Our house is weatherboard house built in the 1950s and then in the 70s someone put brick cladding on it which in my opinion is nowhere near as appealing. This now exposed weatherboard is also going to be removed for newer board and our extension will be done in weatherboard to match.
Applicant #3-Star America Air, a July 4, 2008 start-up military air cargo business.
We decided that while we were in TN, we’d buy some real cowboy boots. You can find a boot shop on every street corner in Nashville! The first shop we visited had some beautiful, EXPENSIVE boots. I don’t think I’d ever pay $700 for a pair of shoes! We lucked out and found a shop that offered “Buy 1, Get 2 Free”… right up Dave’s alley.
Yep, a good example of knowing my topic so well that I’ve forgotten that others probably have no idea what I’m talking about.
Case in point Local utility "apples to apples" comparison price is 6.5 cents/kwh. The fine print on the aggregation notice I just got is at a rate of 7.2 cents/kwh for the next two months and 6.2 after that. Of course not guaranteed. Also being SNEAKY the next two months are the hottest, and that means air conditioning. So the high usage months are at a higher rate and you don't see any savings until it gets colder.
And a far-off wind that rushes,
2010.09.16 Iraq Abu Saida 2 0 A man and his wife are gunned down by al-Qaeda.
So, today was suppose to be a day of celebrating Nate and Brad’s dad’s birthdays, but no go. We’ll have to pass on that one too. At this point, I’m just hoping that this is all out of our house by this coming Thursday when we have Nate’s party rescheduled for.
Tues 4:10-7:00 pm
“It is rare for an institution our size to garner one of these prestigious awards, let alone two in one year and three Chambliss awards in the past two years,” said Dr. Steven Gibson, assistant professor and Bell’s advisor.
Burn it all down!
In a world where the Sojourners, a nearly extinct race with preternatural abilities struggle to preserve their faith and heritage, destiny thrusts two youths from opposing nations into the heart of a centuries-old conflict.
The goal is to cover as many locations as possible, with one SinC member author at each location.
Back before the internet and blogs, before people knew about that six percent of the population, but not so far back that you can't remember..... the social engineers probably had a lot of fun. They could conduct experiments with complete impunity. People were not cynical like they are today, and they didn't have access to any information except what they could purchase at the newsstand or watch on teevee.... a naive, captive audience, respectful of authority....
Snug in his carry cradle,
In my father's time, anyone flagrantly violating the Constitution and Federal Law would be imprisoned for long stretches for such actions repugnant to the Constitution... So now we must watch and see: 'is there any law'? And if it is demonstrated that 'there is no law', then what?
Once again, UM shows the world what a fraud they are and how undeserving they were of a BCS bowl bid. Less than 200 yards of total offense? Are you kidding me? Va. Tech handled you guys, but couldn't handle themselves. Any team with a decent defense can stop the supposedly Heisman-worthy Denard Robinson (as Michigan State has proved 2 years in a row). There are a couple of nice players there, but please - UM is living on its reputation (which the current crop of guys did nothing to deserve) and nothing else. They didn't beat anyone substantial and got handled by the better teams they faced.
You could see my confusion. I chose spoon.
But the main reason I haven't posted in a while is that I made a big life decision and decided to go back to school!! I'm going back to get my degree in respiratory therapy :D. I absolutely love it! With going back to school though I don't have any time to bake or decorate cakes or cupcakes. I'm hoping that once I finish with school, I'll have a little more time and can get back to baking, decorating, and blogging!
It is a risk. If we don’t reach the goal, we will not get the money at all. And, honestly it is scary. But the good thing is, that my believe that we will reach the goal is bigger than my fear that we will not.
By changing the colors and sentiments a little it is very appropriate for girls or boys!
with the electrons
1. Read the vendor spotlights each weekday from now until Wednesday, November 16 and COME BACK TO THIS POST SAYING YOU READ IT and what you're excited about from that vendor (i.e. I read vendor spotlight 1 and I can't wait to come see the picture frames in person!) You can do a separate entry for each new vendor spotlight post. just make sure to leave a SEPARATE COMMENT for each entry, so you'll be counted.
What comes through from her photography is a zest for life rarely documented in images of the era. Due to the conventions of the photographic process, subjects had to stand still or risk being rendered a ghostly blur. Equally important, people rarely knew how to pose. But in the world of Alice Austen, frivolity overrides stiffness. Austen documented her social circle with a provocative candidness, allowing her subjects to goof around, create visual gags, even cross dress.
Ever wonder what those sadhus from Durbar Square - the ones who want money for photographs - do when they're not out begging for alms? They chillax backstage at Kathmandu's Pashupatinath Temple, in the babas' ashram. These shots were taken just after Shivratri, 2009.
A smart person avoid crowds and crowd logic.
Here’s one of the more recent articles on the incident. There are lots of articles. Most of them don’t answer any of the questions I have. This one goes into a little bit more detail, although there are still so many questions that aren’t answered.
Family is everything.
Yup, Christmas is coming and our tree will be going up this weekend. I've attempted to do some online shopping for gifts but I can't help but notice that my own virtual basket of things I quite fancy for myself has been steadily increasing. Oops. Oh well, they can definitely be put to good use in another one of my collages.
England: I like hog hunting.
I already have two favorite designers too - Sarah Parrott & Orly Shany. Sarah's designs from the past two weeks were both bought by H&M. I'm in love with the Bright Blue Backless Dress and the Tuxedo Trousers, and with a thrifty price of $19.95, I'm dying to get my hands on both! Orly Shany's Zip Mini Skirt was bought by Sak's and was so unique and innovative! I was shocked when her design from last night wasn't bought by anyone. It was a convertible dress that could be totally transformed.
Pages -143
“She wouldn’t be doing it unless her melons were in great shape!” he exclaimed. “I bet they’re ripe and ready for plucking!”
The HEALTHY/CORRECT coping skills are then put into place to allow your brain to function and continue climbing and moving forward spiritually. Have any of you been around and around the same mountain twice only to come back around and wonder how you got there AGAIN? When the same things happen to you that happened to family members from generations past- this is called a generational curse (based on Dt. 28- Blessings and Cursings). Things such as heart attacks, diabetes, divorce, early death, ADHD, failure, poverty etc. etc. These cursings allow the enemy of your soul to steal, kill and destroy and only YOU can choose to allow Christ to break them off and set you free, while also setting your mind free!
But sadly, all things, like tired old racers
So I want to thank everyone — BPC members and others — who’ve supported these efforts by submitting images and content, reading and engaging on posts, etc. And to all the members who came on my outings over the years, in rain, sun, heat, cold, wind, snow, rough seas and fog so thick you could slice it with a knife — you made those outings worthwhile and fun for me, and to those still with the group, I hope you continue to do great things with BPC, and that it can do great things for you.
strong forces, weak forces.
I keep my 6x6 pads in a small IKEA basket that I have put dividers in. I have made the dividers with my favourite papers of all time. The brown papers of the Fika collection by Maja Design.
B1: Slow 2
My, my, my….what big hands you have, Officer Hayman.
and now they are all out on their own.... I wonder what their childhood memories are
I didn't get to eat at the brewpub, only the pint and growler and I was on my way. I'll be sure to post my thoughts on the kriek, which I sampled while there, but didn't get the full effect since it was intermingled with the hoptasticness of the SNAFU. Selin's Grove Brewing is a definite "must see". I will be returning to this establishment.
My family loves Mexican food. I'd guess that at least half the foods I make are seasoned with Mexican spices and flavors. I've been making enchiladas for so long, it's just a part of what I do on a regular basis in the kitchen. I often get in a bit of a routine with our favorites though; it's easy to forget there are different versions to try. I went to check my recipe index to see if I had posted these already and realized that I have almost no enchilada recipes posted! I have no idea how that is possible, but I'll be paying closer attention next time I make them and I'll be taking some pictures so that I can share the recipes soon.
HOWEVER, add a few more predators like fishermen, illegal turtle egg traders and fish bombers and so on their survival rates are decreased. Places like Pulau Lankayan move the eggs laid by the turtles into hatcheries to increase more chances of hatching as turtle eggs are targeted by humans, lizards etc, however, when the babies are released into the water it is out of the hands of hard-working conservationists.
Corruption is Epic's second collaboration beer with DC Brau (the first was Fermentation w/o Representation). Epic brewed a batch of Brainless Belgian Golden Ale and let DC Brau corrupt it with four types of hops. Chinook and CTZ in the boil with more CTZ for aroma. Whole leaf Centennial in the hopback and Citra in the dry hop. The result is a spicy/tropical IPA.
"Wh...what's this all about?" I manage to stammer as they barge into our living room.
In all the world I'd rather be.
As I was drawing, though, I realized that maybe the series didn’t have to be all paintings, maybe it would do better as either ink drawings or colour pencil drawings. I’m posting the series here in hopes that you guys and gals might have some opinions.
Writers : Peter Aykroyd
4. Blues Power
Below are the Q&A answered by Amit Bansal, CEO PurpleLeap
If this is not making sense, email me directly and we can try to figure it out together.
There is a part of me that wants to insist to be treated like another friend. Like one of the guys. But maybe that's why it hasn't worked, because at the end of the day I make a pretty awesome woman.
They are queer little buildings, those offices on the Metropolitan line; I mean, of course, that portion of them which crops up into the thoroughfare above. For the most part they resemble isolated police-stations, or half an establishment for baths and wash-houses come astray. There is something, too, of the telegraph-office air about them, and the casual passer-by would be divided in his opinion as to whether the little crowd of humanity which pours in and out of their portals had gone thither to obtain a summons, send a message to Timbuctoo, or wash itself. On entering the door, however, these doubts are dispelled. There are the traditional pigeonholes, labelled respectively '1st Class,' and '2nd and 3rd Class,' between which, on the occasion of my visit, a youthful railway official was dividing as much of his attention as could be spared from a round of bread and butter in his hand. A railway clerk must lead a strange, eventful, and yet monotonous sort of life. How many hundred different faces must peep in daily at those little windows! all momentarily and successively framed by the aperture into a vast collection of endless family portraits - I mean that great national family of which I suppose we are all brothers and sisters. I wonder, does our ticket-vendor smile more benignantly at the first-class casement than the third? Is he a physiognomist? He would have more experience than Lavater if he had the time to study all his models. Rich and poor, old and young, wise and ignorant, fair and ugly, bad-tempered and good, each address him in turn with various accents; but he has one answer for them all, and that is written on a bit of coloured cardboard. There is no time for colloquy, for interchange of sentiment, for forming friendships; sharp is essentially the word. 'What d'ye say? one second return to Gower Street? Sixpence.' Click, click, goes that awful machine; the change is banged on the counter; Viator seizes his ticket, and passes on to make room for the next man. Unhappy youth! perhaps that old plutocrat in blue coat and brass buttons may have no heir. Had you but the chance, you might cajole him into leaving you his investments in the Three per Cents, or that comfortable little property in South Devon. That smiling angel in the tulle bonnet, who nearly gave you a sovereign by mistake as she ungloved her pretty hand - who knows but her agitation at the moment was caused by seeing you, for the first, and probably for the last time? Ay! there's the rub.
1 Foreign Affairs 3:30
This is also a very different type of faith and spirituality than the Rick Warrens and Mark Driscolls of the world tend to cultivate (as I’ve said), and so to criticize Douthat’s supposed ignoring of their “living out” his ideas is to fundamentally misunderstand what he’s saying. Last week, I heard him in an interview (audio) say that he is promoting a Christianity that relies less on individual personalities upon which entire denominations stand and fall. He wants the core message to be the focus, not the person up-front.
This is the fourth book I have read by Emily Giffin and she never disappoints. With Love The One Your With she shows love and marriage for what it really is, difficult and something you have to work at. In so many books falling in love is this perfect process where you are just drawn to someone and it is all sunshine and rainbows but Giffin does a great job writing about the different kinds of love and how you can love more than one person at the same time
It’s Golden Week again. (For those who are too lazy to look that up, it’s a string of national holidays that happen to come all at once.) This should be cause for rejoicing, but it’s pissing down rain and I have a terrible cold. A nice bowl of chicken noodle soup would be just the ticket, but the thought of schlepping around the neighborhood looking for it is daunting, mostly because it’s probably not available. Life in Tokyo has its wonderful points, but it does seem like chicken soup should be easily had, especially when one’s head is bursting with bacteria. It did occur to me that I could make it myself, but what’s comforting about that?
I got to come straight here!"
As an accompaniment, I decided to make almond lace cookies (“tuiles” in French if they are made in the curved shape). I’d made them once many years ago, but long ago had given away my cookbook with the recipe. Once again, I was very grateful for the Web and the recipes it has resurrected for me. I found a number of almond lace recipes (some the same recipe under different names), but it took several tries to find one that worked well for making “cigarettes.”
“No, we can’t. No loose ends. I want to know her every move.”
My favorite thing to do with Mama and Papa is...dinosaur disco-bagging!! (This came with a little tune. Can anyone tell me what it means?)
So I finally went to see ThE HunGEr GaMes. (I wrote it that way so that you would read it in a squealy, up and down tone. I hope it worked). I was pretty excited about the whole thing. Do you know why? Do you, Readers? Because I had a coupon. A coupon for a free entree (with purchase of one regular priced entree) AND TWO MOVIE tickets. *dancy dancy*
The video did not upload again for yesterday but i again am not going to become discouraged I will just continue to make them and eventually they will get to you! So my goal for today is to brush, wash and blowdry my maltese. I have him brushed and am giving him a break before washing him. He is so pretty I will post a picture of him in a little while. I just opened my beautiful mini from the TWS and love it.
Finally, from the bottom of the skirt measure up 2-1/2" and make a mark
oath to the BAR means you are not Americans anymore but agents for a foreign power. You have no citizenship. You claim to have licenses to
� Document Scanning Project
Question & Answer
1.) Answer the following 8 questions in an email.
Distress Ink - Mustard Seed
Yes, I'm back for one final post. :) I have received so many e-mails etc. asking if everything was okay because you never heard another word from me after my last post at 16 weeks pregnant.
Suzi's a great gal who always has fun things to say on her blog. She's written some great books, including one called A Troll's Wife's Tale. How cool is that.
In the version pictured, I just grilled a fresh steak on my George Foreman grill for a few minutes with steak seasons on either side, then let it sit for a few minutes before I cut it into strips. I meant to make it more medium rare than well done, but what can I say, I was multitasking in the kitchen and I’ve only used the foreman a few times. Either way, it tasted delicious.
What does it take to be a man? More importantly, what does it mean to be a man?
Normally I use solid cardstock for my photo mats. But this simple black and light, light gray Halloween paper is perfect for photo mats. I tried to cut the paper so that some of the fun phrases will show at the edges of the photographs. After adding the matting to the pages, I felt like more definition was needed. I used my two layer Stampin' Up corner punch to create corners for the photo mats and random page corners. This punch is one of my favorite Stampin' Up products!
Happy mid-week to ya guys and just remember - 2 more days and it's a 3 day weekend (for those of us in the US that is!).
My Islam is Aradia preaching in the hills of Tuscany
"The Brewers' Journal 1940" page 571. (Published July 17th, 1940.)
"Right now I'm worried more about three of my citizens being murdered," he said.
Available at: Amazon.com
and of course, 24: I’m a black woman.
Worried that you could get caught (mostly a teenaged problem)?
That's just a simple example of how masking can help. I could spend a whole year doing masking a compositing tutorials, but then I'd have to spend the next 5 in an asylum. So, in order to keep what's left of my sanity, I will do a few this month but will also do some completely unrelated posts. For those of you brave few who want to share by linking back to this post, do some masking and/or compositing and show us your work. (the FAQ explains how)
6. First soccer game ever and it was fun! I had no idea what was going on but I intend to learn.
Whispered to me,
Have a wonderful Fall (even though it will be in the 80s here) weekend!!!
The night ends and Ms. M prepares Paul’s bath. According to Ms. M, a tea bath has medicinal properties. Till this day I haven’t asked what went on that night back in Moscow, i may never know. But that next morning Paul’s skin looked fresher, a little darker, a little tea wrinkled maybe, but he had a skip in his step and a smile on his face you couldn’t remove even if he was hit with a baseball bat.
Got some lunch with an old friend of mine today in NYC who I hadn’t seen in about a year. He’s doing good, if suffering from the same malady (joblessness) that I am. Anyhow, once conversation moved from catching up on the past, to plans for the future, we got to talking about how no one really prepares you for life after college. Scratch that: Not just no one, no damn thing. Hell, the closest thing I could think of is the movie The Graduate, and even that doesn’t really nail the issue.
I put my hand behind her head and guided her lips to mine again. I felt the cinders of passion rise in me and heat my desire to steam. My cock filled with the hefty weight of passion, it lengthened and hung from my groin as it remembered this welcome sensation of desire realized. She melted in my arms, I felt her body relax and fall against me. Her legs struggled to keep her up and maintain the divine connection to my passion. I held her up and kissed her gain, this time not delicately but like a lion who had pounced on a helpless gazelle and was devouring her. Obviously I did not rip flesh from her, instead I stripped the distraction of emotional pain, worry and the distraction of guilt for not being with her child at a time of need. Especially I ripped away her self consciousness and her vulnerability; all that was left of her was the barest essence of love for me and the delicate blush of her own feminine need to be loved, cherished, reassured and cared for. It was a desire to seek the familiar balm of my love.
It was a long trip back to West Virginia. Grandma Laura took it upon herself to give my sister a whippin. My mom was pissed and was going to take us back after only two days in Spokane. No wonder my mom didn’t go back home much.
...could be employed in helping the parents of autistic children.
No death steal it away,
This is what I wore last night to my friends birthday party. I wore gifted top with sequins, H&M blazer, TW heels and pants. Although we took lots of picture they were : 1) not for public eye or 2) crappy
We’ll only get back to searching for love…all in the wrong places.
f. This or that as in, 呢個, this time, that time, 呢陣.
Not remembering what Joan wore in the Haight (a skirt with a leotard and stockings) is like not remembering what Ahab was trying to kill in Moby-Dick.
Sew your rows together making sure you are lining up the correct numbers. Once all the rows are sewn together your quilt top is done and you can simply iron these seams in once direction. Now lay your quilt out, stand back, and enjoy your creation.
Lola: But he's so pretty.
Today is the birthday of Robert Alda (Alfonso Giuseppe Giovanni Roberto D’Abruzzo, 1914-1986). He started out as a singer and dancer in vaudeville, then moved to burlesque when vaudeville tanked. His son Alan Alda relates many funny (and disturbing) anecdotes of what the life was like in Leslie Zemeckis’s documentaryBehind the Burley Q. His big break was playing George Gershwin in the 1945 bio-pic Rhapsody in Blue. Always a lacklustre screen presence, he nevertheless worked steadily if somewhat unmemorably in film and television for the rest of his life. His Broadway career had more high points, with leads in Guys and Dolls, The Owl and the Pussycat, and What Makes Sammy Run? among others.
Yeah, its always better when we're together
Klavierstücke in E flat major (c.1856)
In all of these cases, the Assignment was prepared to conceal the actual date that the property was acquired by the Trust. An examination of the Assignments filed showing the grantee as the Trust – such as “Soundview Home Loan Trust 2006 – OPT 2” – shows that most of these Assignments were prepared and filed in 2008 and 2009, when, in reality, the mortgages and notes were actually assigned – albeit defectively – prior to the closing date of the Trust. While the exact closing date can only be determined by looking at the trust documents, any Trust that includes the year in 2006 in its title most likelyclosed in 2006.
Shadow of love, yeah
Really, Sly - come on: Rocky Balboa, John Rambo, Marion Cobretti and even Deke DaSilva were typical tough guy fodder. But with Over The Top, you've essayed a man whose only character development trait is turning his ball cap backwards on his head before stepping into the arm wrestling arena.
Tapper: good luck doc
I am so excited for wedding season! We have my sister, three cousins, and a family friend are all getting married this year! The wedding festivities begin this month with one of the two bachelorette parties I've planned for my sister. Her first party is a trip to Catalina Island with her bridesmaids. We are going to have so much fun!
And here we come to the crux of the problem, the reason my delivery had not been made was because they no longer had the item in stock, it had been discontinued. Yet, their website had allowed me to purchase it, to choose a suitable delivery time and date. What is more, within about five minutes of me clicking “buy” the money had been taken from my account. I made the purchase last Friday, so they had all that time in which to let me know that it was no longer available, but no not a dickie bird, and me being the naive shopper that I am assumed no news was good news.
Or maybe it had just been a while!
Studies have shown that dark chocolates can fight signs of aging because of its rich cocoa content!
Check out www.wholisticallyme.com
Father, I plead that __________’s ministry would be fruitful and would glorify you (John 15:16; Colossians 1:28).
“Gunther Lachlan,” the man replied. He pushed a wild lock of curly long red hair out of his face.
Anyway, I've been thinking about what to do this year. I told my friend Megan that the thought of doing the 40 Days of Water had occurred to me, but I just kept worrying that between no coffee and teaching, I'd actually die. It just seemed like the wrong time. So I kept trying to come up with something else to do.
I love corn. I love warm-and-creamy comfort foods. I love spicy. I love dips. And this dip deliciously combines all these wonderful loves of mine. This recipe is from a friend of mine, who served it at her 40th birthday party. Let me just say, it was the hit of the party! (Well, aside from the guest-of-honor herself, of course.) And it's no wonder why. This dip is so, so, so good.
I just wanted to send you a quick e-mail letting you know that I used the Courtney Heigele quote you have on the top of your blog in a comment I wrote on a Norwegian blog. The blog is written by a young mom of a gorgeous little boy with Ds, and the post I had to reply to was about the debate currently going on in Norway about ultrasound in week 12 of the pregnancy. Every pregnant woman in Norway gets called in for a free ultrasound in week 18 to check that the baby is healthy in the womb. The debate now is that it is possible to detect illness earlier in the pregnancy so that it is possible to have a medical abortion before the pregnancy progresses further. This is a sensitive subject, and there are public voices that are negative and not well thought through. The lack of compassion and empathy upsets and scares me, and that was why I felt compelled to comment in support of diversity in the society and I rememebered the beautiful quote I had read on your blog and included it in my comment.
Then again, other language in Section 16 buttresses the argument for preliminary approval: (d) upon a written finding of the chief executive officer of the corporation that no substantive negative testimony or comment has been received at such public hearing, such plan shall be effective at the conclusion of such hearing; provided, however, that if any substantive negative testimony or comment is received at such public hearing, the corporation may, after due consideration of such testimony and comment, affirm, modify or withdraw the plan in the manner provided for the initial filing of such plan in paragraph (a) of this subdivision.
Every morning when I wake up, I make a conscious decision. I make the decision to either be Almost or Absolutely me. Some mornings the decision is easy, other mornings it is challenging. Some days I wake up and don’t even want to be me at all. No matter what, when I feel like it impossible to get out of bed, I do it. I was told at the onset of my RA it was impossible to competitively ride, one year ago I showed in the World Pinto Show, one of the highest levels of competition on that circuit. After surgery, I was told it was impossible to stand and walk unassisted earlier than the end of July. I was rising and walking by the beginning of June. Things are only impossible if you BELIEVE they are impossible. This is the attitude that separates Almost-Ashley from Absolutely-Ashley. Absolutely-Ashley never lets anyone, including herself, tell her anything is impossible. One step is all it takes to turn the impossible, possible. One step. One step is all it takes to reclaim your muchness.
As Owen Jones on Question Time last night brilliantly stated this is not on. Tesco's however are not the only ones, engaged in this dubious practice, there are a lot of other high street stores that have actively got involved -Asda, Holland & Barrett, Primark, H.M.V, TK Maxx and Top Shop and others. If the uproar and contoversy surrounding this continues, many will withdraw from it.
For the 4th mini challenged, we are to take one of the books we’ve read or are reading, list the main characters and create a cast for the movie!
Hammond Organ – Sun Ra
Schema Activation: when (if you do) do you notice patterns in real life?
In this vernal season I always feel the big energy of grass which becomes thicker day by day and that of young leaves which are delight the eye.
the tangles we have made of our lives
By Penny Starr
What's happening with me? That's so nice of you to ask.
resorting to quotations.
10. If it’s a nice day, you can go outside to take a walk without asking anybody’s permission
Last Saturday, ABS-CBN News’ Jeff Canoy posted a rare 4-peat, winning four times during the entire quiz. GMA News’ Joseph Morong and Philippine Daily Inquirer’s Abigail Lim Ho also won that night. Deputy presidential spokesman Abigail Valte’s highest placement last Saturday was 12th. Former congressman Ruffy Biazon used to join the quiz until his appointment to the Bureau of Customs. ARMM Assemblyman Zia Alonto Adiong is also a regular.
Follow on! A Round Table-talking down we go.
(1:2) “The state of blessedness or happiness in life finds it source more in what a person does than in what he refrains from doing. The wise man refuses to walk in the way of evil, not because he is bound by an oversensitive conscience but because he has chosen to walk a better way. When it is a matter of choice between the counsel of the wicked and the way of the Lord, for him it is no contest. He chooses the latter.” (88)
I am not sure what rigors Kirby goes through to train their salesmen, but they are the closest thing to Satan’s spawn I know of. I don’t have a peep-hole on my front door and have opened the door to many a people I would have preferred to keep the door shut on. The Kirby salesman who came back later peeping in my daughter’s window was one of them. I threatened Kirby that if one of their salesmen ever came back I would call the cops on them. It didn’t stop them. A few years later I had one show up that tried to force his way into my house. He didn’t come right out and tell me the company he represented or else I would have followed through on my threat. I refuse to let anyone in my home when I am here alone. He was trying every means possible to get into my home to demonstrate a shampooer. When I told him that I have a shampooer then he started on a vacuum, this is where the red flags started going up. I immediately told him I was not interested, I was supposed to get a free set of knives despite the fact. Eight years later and I have not received them. It wasn’t until I got a follow-up phone call from Kirby that I realized that they were the company this guy represented. I went off on them again and threatened them with a lawsuit. I haven’t seen them since, but that don’t mean they won’t try some other way to get in. In 1992 a woman was raped by a Kirby salesmen. In 2010 a Kirby salesman hit a poor man in the head with a handheld vacuum when he was asked to leave the property. These people are evil. The list of crimes these people commit against others is deplorable.
Today we said goodbye to the current hostess, Cindy Coutts, as she takes on a new and exciting endeavor in the stamping world. The challenge today was to "case yourself." I chose a recent card to case - my pink Horsin' Around card. This is what I came up with:
Track Listings
And therefore... I don't judge others their selfishness. Most people don't have the rights to do it, and those who bleat the loudest are the most hypocritical. They possibly feel so guilty about their own selfishness that they feel the need to overcompensate... By pretending to put on a front to show the world they care - by putting others down.
4. I can quote the entire movie Grease
Outward transport was as follows:-
2. Baker Baker (Demo)
… at the end of the pitched battle with re-inforced armed forces of the state, the battle that lasted nearly two days, two of the protesters are dead, hundreds injured on both sides and thousands of male members are hiding away from home…
Even following the War, and the infection…well, admit it, she still looks good. Just don’t get too close, those claws are sharp.
To add to this, the pastries here are SO good. If these are wrong, I don’t want to be right.
Look out for more tactics!
I hope to spree with her again soon.
Then it hit him....
And this messenger from Troy is Tom Titmouse!
Concerned individuals and groups have alleged that Umno Baru has let loose its mobs and thugs all too frequently to disrupt, sometimes violently, legitimately organised meetings and forums by civil society groups and NGOs. The Apcet 11 forum at a hotel in KL was disrupted by an Umno Baru mob that threatened the participants and smashed tables and chairs to stop the proceedings. When the Suqiu organisation submitted its 17-point plan for the betterment of the country, an Umno Baru mob threatened them with “rivers of blood” outside the Chinese Assembly Hall, KL, if they did not withdraw their 17-point plan.
I've lived here all my life but I still consider myself a foreigner in many ways and there are things I find difficult to get used to.
She was full of negativity at hair wash time “I want to hurt myself, I want to die, I hate school” and then when she was reminded that she wasn’t back at school until Wednesday, she was disappointed! Oh, autism!
The inventor poured himself a glass of milk and listened for the twentieth century. A few seconds remained on the clock, but as part of a personal experiment he wanted to drain the milk before the first chimes of midnight.
We go see the surgeon on Friday. Hubby is anxious to get this surgery behind him and is hoping the surgeon will be able to do his surgery next week. Hubby had this surgery 25 years ago on the opposite side-so he knows how it will be-he's just 25 years older.
85. Broken a CD? - Not yet.
One of the main therapeutic uses of Fucus vesiculosus is for thyroid conditions such as hypothyroidism and goiter. Partly due to its high iodine content, this kind of kelp assists in the production of thyroid hormones, which help regulate the thyroid gland.
328Teach me at once, and learn of me to die.
I will have to collect all the lonely Torenia and place them in a proper pot to grow. I have not bought this plant for ages. I don't have to. I have most of the colours too. They are spreading and popping out in places where they are not invited, a real busybody! But I welcome this busybody anytime!
So happy with the results and what fun to get back to my DIY posts. I took a little break from them. Lots of craziness going on around here so I haven’t had a lot of extra time, but I now have a lengthy list of finished projects that I’m going to showcase! Woo hoo!
“Migrants must not simply be evangelized but be trained themselves to be evangelizing agents.”
It’s performance review season, and you know the drill. Drag each of your direct reports into a conference room for a one-on-one, hand them an official-looking document, and then start in with the same, tired conversation. Say some positive things about what the employee is good at, then some unpleasant things about what he’s not good at, and end — wearing your most solicitous grin — with some more strokes of his ego. The result: a mixed message that leaves even your best employees feeling disappointed. But if you take the right approach, appraisals are an excellent opportunity to reinforce solid performers and redirect the poor ones.
The Pinterest community is growing fast, and it’s easy to get connected and share your own ideas or just follow other boards! Check out the Hilltown Families Pinterest site today for information about what’s going on in Western MA!
“Verbal and physical affection enable a child to learn morality. When loving parents teach morality and impulse control children listen. Physical affection turns children into sponges ready to absorb the lessons parents teach. Teens also need hugs and praise.” Liane J. Leedom, M.D. Mother, Author, Psychiatrist.
When I reflect upon what I want from a book, it is a map of reality and its boundaries. That is all. If the nature and form of the boundaries suggest the existence of a frontier for me to explore, then that is all the better. Nothing excites me more than the notion that there is something out there wild — as yet unexplored. The list of books that have intrigued me in the past have done so because they have suggested something about the nature of conventional reality and the means to bust out of it. My favourite authors/intellectual schools all give me tools I need to bust out of the rituals of convention — or at least for contemplation of such:
One of my favorite quotes by Gandhi and I believe fitting for my daughter and son who are celebrating their graduation together. Ricky, the eldest boy, will graduate from high school. He has a scholarship to a local college and will be spending more time at home working and going to school. I'm proud of him too, as he continues to make good decisions in spite of what is happening around him. God bless, have a beautiful day.
Quick! It’s almost Thursday, but if you act fast, you can still have a Week to Remember:
Mirrored with permission from :
Will you be the one?
Mr Willis claims Rodman this year has paid more in child support than he’s earned; and that he has only been able to pay by borrowing money from his finance manager, Peggy Williams, and his agent, Darren Prince, according to The Daily Record.
He's eaten his breakfast, gone outside and taken care of business and stays pretty close to me when inside. Although our kiddos came over last night, I'm hoping that we can just let him settle in today and the tomorrow; on Monday he goes to the vet for a check up. I think I'll give him about a week or so before we have him groomed, don't want to overload his senses.
TOO DAMN EARLY.
And, then it is in my hand, I clutch the letter to my chest...my mother heart laments...and I take 32 steps back to the house.
Just a quick note before the series begins on the 14th ...
1. It’s named after an insurance company A Reds fan I once made up for this blog post chided me that Pac Bell/AT&T is named after a phone company while his team’s yard is named after America, a little country you may have heard of. Actually it’s named after Great American Insurance Group, a subsidiary of American Financial Group or AIG, a little corporation whose toxic assets contributed to the financial meltdown and that took billions in taxpayer dollars you may have heard of. Burn, imaginary Reds fan. Burn.
So when I was watching Oprah’s Life Class earlier this week, I did an exercise that Tony Robbins had everyone to do. It was a type of emotional flood exercise. Now, the class was about feeling gratitude, so I think the exercise was for people to focus on good things that they did and that happened to them for them to feel good and thankful. While I was watching the show, I was running on the treadmill. When he said that you needed to do this, I actually stopped and stood on the treadmill to did this, and it made me realize something major. I have done a lot in my life to be proud of. Here is the exercise if you want to get an idea of what it was.
Donato Carrisi
Is it too late
Paul: England, Scotland, Wales, and Ireland! Don't forget us Celts! We're almost like wizards in Middle-Earth - sunburned and quick to anger. From the point of view of the campaign, I think the best thing was that we got so many players really enthused by Greyhawk and by Onnwal specifically. There were a lot of sceptical people in the region when we were given Onnwal - I know; I was one of them! Then we looked at the possibilities and started to get excited. I think we were able to pass on that sense of excitement to our players - many of whom were dyed-in-the-wool Forgotten Realms players (how's you like them apples, Elminster?).
10. father is abusive to his wife then we think maybe she was nagging him
Heat 2 tablespoons of butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Drop batter by 1/4 cupfuls onto buttered skillet. Fry in batches until golden brown on both sides, using remaining butter as needed. Drain on paper towels. Serve immediately with a dollop of sour cream.
For dryers make work much less.
Sometimes I’m fortunate enough to read a wonderful book and then discover that the author has an entire backlist that I can dip into. With The Pursuit of Lucy Banning this isn’t the case, and I’m very impressed that this is only her debut novel. Exploring a time period and setting that is entirely new to me, The Pursuit of Lucy Banning had just the right blend of historical detail, mystery and romance to keep me gripped. The more I think about his book, the more I realise that I really can’t find any major flaws with it. I genuinely didn’t expect to love this book as much as I did, and I’m sure that other readers will be similarly pleased by this original debut novel.
The two oil states, both run by oligarchies with heavily tainted reputations, further cemented their ties earlier this year with the marriage between the daughter of Najib Razak, Nooryana and the President’s nephew, Daniyar Nazarbayev (above).
SMS: What do you predict for 2012 in the sewing industry?
this is my mom. isn't she lovely? i agree =D
We all were happy that maybe we could finally stop running & hiding, we all started to silently look around at each other: I remember smiling at the friend & fellow police officer of the main character & giving him a thumbs up and he smiled & gave one back, I smiled & nodded my head at the main character & his son & wife and they smiled & nodded their heads back, I smiled at the woman with the blond colored hair and she smiled back, et cetera.
ready and able to fly at his bidding,
I'm presuming that you've read Post #54, and that you're ready to report a scam literary agency (or publisher). For the purposes of this post, I'm going to use the term "agent" but what I'm saying applies to any type of writing scam.
What is the purpose of life? Everyone asks the meaning of life at some point, and this free webcast addresses questions about passions, purpose, and fulfilling one’s destiny: “Find Your Passionate Life in 5 Easy Steps – how to create stunning new possibilities in life!” January 24th at 4pm EST. Hosted by best-selling author Rémy Chaussé http://www.findyourpassionatelife.com/
Post Four In A Six-Month Series On People Reading
ROBERT DUVALL (The Apostle)
But the title of Rosemond's advice column got me thinking about "giving in." I honor my children's requests and take care of their needs whenever I possibly can, but I wouldn't say I feel like I'm giving in. It just feels like giving to me. So what makes the difference there?
The book begins with the death of Uncle Walt and Lily’s return to the house where she had spent her childhood. It is there that Lily begins to think about reinventing herself without the existence of Uncle Walt in her life.
Examples (I took out the word doctor/surgeon and intentionally left it blank so you could see how these thoughts could also be by a teacher):
The sun is bright, the Trilliums are budding and the White Throated Sparrow is singing
- Look through the FAQ questions and just read them aloud to bring the group to a focus.
So on this Easter Sunday, when I should be celebrating life as I always have, with all my family together, there’s an unshakable sadness deep in my heart and I am longing for life to be breathed into the relationship I’ve lost…
THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.
Nine bean rows will I have there, a hive for the honey bee,
“The Pale King” is for anyone looking for a bold, creative and unique read. Though it will take longer than usual to finish up but in the end it promises to be surprisingly rewarding.
Unfortunately, as is so often the case, it began with paperwork: looting corpses, Preparing spells, scrolls, and other errata. Magic item lore checks… you name it. Finally I just practicaklly told them what most items were, then i was abrupt: forty-eight hours later, you see your chance to exit the town and make your way to the king’s barrow. You arrive at the black iron gates of the cemetary at ten pm. Shuffling sounds can be heard from within – then a woman’s shriek and more shambling moans.
But this very wealthy man had fairly meager beginnings. Born in 1817, Leonard Jerome grew up in Pompey, NY, in Onandaga County in central New York state. He had seven brothers and one sister. His father was a farmer; his grandfather had been a clergyman. The clan was descended from French Huguenots who traversed the Atlantic in the early 1700s, and some of them had fought in the Revolutionary War. Leonard’s mother, Augusta Murray, was “of a family honored in the county.”
One of the ways that I wish to say “thank you” to all of the folks that follow Tiffany Doodles is by offering a brand new Freebie every Thursday. I’ve received a hefty response from this, which has encouraged me to continue creating even more! Tiffany.
It started with the fact the kids were asleep, notably HE bathed them and put them to bed on his own! What a great feeling.
Prediction error
However, they were also playing like a bunch of goons. The hacks, the slashes, the taunts, the shots to the head, the tripping — it was unbelievable. Or, well, I guess not, considering the fact that the officials in these games have chosen to continually look the other way — until a crucial moment in the game, and then they would blatantly favour the Bruins.
Mix the ice cubes and water and shock the chicken in ice cold water for 2 minutes. If you poached the chicken, shock it after the chicken has cooled to room temperature. If you steamed the chicken, shock it immediately after steaming.
But despite the impossibility of removing the plague pestering the country, actions are still being observed to fight impunity.
Confidence is about what is inside you. How you think, what you feel, how you handle things.
A woman I just met: How brave of you to go through with the pregnancy and have this child, even though you already know she'll have Down.
Many people will walk in and out of your life,
I will translate what the title cards say: The life of an unemployed person is not worth anything. His death is a big business.
But imagine living in a world in which harmony presented itself everywhere. A planet, moving along a finite path had its own own tone or group of tones. This was the music of the spheres. At the time there were 8 planets and they all were attached to a certain moving sphere. The movement of each sphere had its own musical expression.
Vaccines That Use Foetal Tissue
Hot water came out of the cold tap and cold water came out of the hot tap; then hot water came out of the hot tap and hot water came out of the cold tap.
Pound the Alarm I’m foreseeing as an upcoming single. It’s your typical club track, typical club lyrics. There’s still something that draws me to it. It’s got a borderline dubstep feel to it, but just borderline. Skrillex wasn’t present at this club, and he wouldn’t have been shunned by me.
I found it somewhat odd that Cronenberg made this choice – his use of the wife in Violence was nowhere near as simple, and I can’t recall another female figure of his who has been reduced in this way. In general, I enjoyed the bulk of Eastern - the performances are strong (particularly the magnificent Armin Mueller-Stahl), and the whole thing rips along at a great pace. The fact that it lacks the depth of Violence doesn’t render it any less enjoyable, but the easy out at the end certainly does.
-Relic and Hatton get mic time, continually saying 2 is greater than one.
2-03 Green
More than a century after the original Luna Park opened, Coney Island’s iconic park has inspired the creation of Zamperla’s new Luna Park. Denson is creating a photo exhibit of the site’s 140-year transformation from sand dunes to Sea Beach Railroad land grant, to Feltman’s Restaurant, to Astroland, and finally to the resurrected Luna Park across the street from its namesake.
Nana: I can manage.
And give yourself ten points if you read the title of this post in your head in Ron Weasley's voice.
Determined to keep at least a few more fabulous designers from my list, I came up with a concept that will bring you even more CAS-ual inspiration on a daily basis.
UFOANZUG – Unlocks Green Alien Suit
We had a very laid-back St. Patrick's Day this year. We took Bridget and Dela to the park in the morning, and then my parents came over in the afternoon to celebrate hubs' birthday. My dad was in the spirit, though. He enjoyed some Smithwick's, Guinness, and Bailey's throughout the night. And actually, I was the only one who didn't eat any Irish food for dinner. Well, and Bridget.
There are many many fish in the harbour and the water is very clear.
I am here in my mold…
At exactly that time, Beer Karma showed up again as the suited bloke next to us managed to let a full plastic cup of light beer drop dead-straight to the deck at his feet eliciting a crisp ’thunk’ akin to leather on willow but with the addition of aspirated lager showering his Armani trousers and those of his assembled guests. Now I know why they don’t let glass out of the room. Two-All.
So, the US cover of Divergent is a major win for me. I love it!
Introduction to story: Say to the students- Jesus saw his disciples many times. The first time was on the road to Emmaus, and later suddenly, Jesus appeared in a locked room with them when they were afraid of the Roman rulers and chief priests. All believed but Thomas who finally believed that it was Jesus when he touched His wounds on His hands and feet. During the next few weeks, Jesus’ disciples and friends saw Him often.
The temperance movement was becoming increasingly popular in Glasgow at the turn of the century and Miss Cranston had conceived the idea of a series of “art tea rooms”, venues where people could meet to relax and enjoy non-alcoholic refreshments in a variety of different “rooms” within the same building. This proved to be the start of a long working relationship between Miss Cranston and Mackintosh. Between 1896 and 1917 he designed and re-styled interiors in all four of her Glasgow tea rooms, often in collaboration with his wife Margaret McDonald.
The Pharaoh also gave Joseph a new name, “Zaphnath-paaneah”.
22. Heltah Skeltah - Ape Food
Hallo, ich bin Laura aus dem Südwesten Deutschlands. Vor 2 Jahren habe ich mir einen lang-gehegten Traum erfüllt: Ich bin spontan nach New York gezogen und habe jeden Tag soweit genossen!
Androids and demons are not causing negativity on earth. No deities are deleting your ability to choose to ascend. Only your own fear, attachments and choices are to be conquered.
Image: Printed sheepskin jacket and backless draped chiffon dress with antique trim both from NINA. Organic cow hyde luggage printed with organic natural dyes from ROMP.
The doctor smiled, realizing that he had made his point.
I would like to share a little something from our family to yours.
Hey Book Lovers!
According to US Weekly he said, “I hope that this will bring more privacy to my children and that they can get the proper attention they need for any personal issues they might have in the future.“
Until the day it kept her mouth
"When Gwendolyn had sobbed for almost an hour, she looked up and said, "I'm going to undress, go to bed and pull the covers over my head."
August 28, 2010, the 47th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King's "I have a dream" speech. The dream lives on!
or even
Miller’s new score draws heavily from his background in hip-hop and electronic music and is, I believe, an attempt to be sympathetic to the audience, rather than the movie they’re watching. He doesn’t prop up the images, he pokes them with a stick. That’s a smart move, and pretty interesting. I noticed it most in the infamous scene where Southern belles Maggie and Flora Cameron (Miriam Cooper and Mae Marsh) are imperiled by a home invasion of carpetbaggers and Negro soldiers in Union garb. At this point Miller’s music becomes noticeably more aggressive, more like gangsta rap (a friend suggested to me that it wasn’t, but that’s how it sounded to me, a white non-listener, and perhaps there’s a point to be made even in that); the choice ends up mocking the lily-white Cameron girls’ fear of the black man, exposing it as the embodiment of upper-class white paranoia that it absolutely was. And that we, in 2010, immediately recognize it to be.
dulcy
Cluny lace, silk ribbon, Zva pearl flourish, mulberry flowers, fine cluny lace and pom pom trim are all from www.ribbongirl.co.uk
papers: don't know
Hello Belles 'n Whistles Fans! Wow what amazing entries we had into my 'Your choice color challenge'! Thanks so much all for participating :-) It was no easy decision for me to pick the TOP 3 I can tell you that...LOL. Lucky me that random.org did chose our stamp winner ;-) Ok and here it is the randomly chosen winner, getting to chose a stamp of their choice from the Belles 'n Whistles store:
Holy God stepped into dirt pulled me out then embraced me!!!
C.D: Where did you write the book -in Germany or the United States - do you think this has any bearing on how the book was written?
by Chaucey Olcott and George Graff, Jr.
The simple answer is 100%, in the guise of an offer also known as poker rakeback. Rakeback does exactly what it says on the box- players get part of the rake they paid back, on a weekly, monthly or even on a day to day basis. The exact amount that is possible to get back varies from site to site, but the average is around 35%.
Then add in friends who are suffering and I can do nothing about it. Heck, some of them just ignore me. Do they not realize how much I care about them? I lay awake every night, worrying and thinking about them. I pray about them every night, just hoping that I’ll get to see them happy one day.
Last year's Extravaganza was great fun and featured some great whiskies from a number of distillers and bottlers. In fact, the Extravaganza is one of the only ways to taste the excellent single malts bottled by the Scotch Malt Whisky Society if you aren't a member.
Zookies makes Sized/fitted covers (For a more customized fit) and also a One Size (OS) for better 'Bang
I personally had a social media “whoa” moment at the APPL conference last week where I was speaking about how to engage the next gen (X & Y) in philanthropy. As I was encouraging the attendees to use social media – Facebook, Twitter, Blog, LinkedIn, etc. – I realized that I needed to take my own advice. I had not tweeted in 51 days… whoops!
Teach the Cloud is a blog that examines the use of cloud computing in teaching, with screencast and podcast tutorials about how to utilize Google Apps for classroom application. Created and maintained by Instructional Tech Support Specialist, Derrick Waddell explains how cloud computing may be used to enhance the student experience in the classroom.
Upper Reservoir
I came home and sat down to read my Bible...THE WAY...THE TRUTH...AND THE LIFE! Once again...God came through and placed HIS WORD, before my eyes....something that I desperately needed to read and apply to my heart. I realize that the things that I say and do are a direct reflection on the God I serve. I try very hard to refrain from negativity because it is a tremendous waste of energy. I want to build up and encourage. If there is a fellow christian, brother or sister, that is out there trying to make a difference in the life of others...I want to applaude them. They do not need that from me, because as all of us truly grounded in our faith know...we are building rewards in heaven.
To give the mixture a kick I sprinkled in a couple of teaspoonfuls of mixed spice. I could almost feel my tongue burning at the mere thought of all that spice!! I retrieved the bottle of milk from the fridge and found a tablespoon to measure the milk into the mixing bowl. I had expected to use the tablespoon for the treacle too. As it turned out, I would be adding quite a bit more than just a few tablespoonfuls. Over 200g of treacle seemed an awful lot to me! It was a shame that the smell of the sticky treacle made me feel more than just a little queasy. This did not bode well for the cake! I checked and then rechecked the recipe to see how many eggs I should include. I was left confused when I saw no mention of them. I wondered what sort of texture this eggless cake would have.
The big news this week has been the Tundra swans out on the choppy waters of the Detroit river. The adult swans are leading the Atlantic flock from their summer home along the Arctic rim, funneling down the center of the continent to the wintering grounds up and down the North American Eastern seaboard. It is a nice diversion to think that these great birds were in such an exotic location just a short time ago; World travelers come to town with the salt of strange seas still on their feathers.
But when we pulled up to Lowe’s these amazing boys were selling popcorn for their Wolf Cubs pack. Their fund raiser started today and I got their last box of low butter popcorn. Since I am working on losing weight I passed on the Triple Chocolate Chunk popcorn but it sure did look good.
Many years ago the Calvinist Evangelical pastor John MacArthur, also noted for his forensic knowledge of Scripture, preached a sermon about the authorship of James:
“You ever going back over?”
But I never pined for HOT BIRD even when it was open. I mean despite visible claim on its sign of having been "The Best Bar-B-Q in New York" I don't remember anyone else thinking that back in the day. I mean yeah the chicken was tasty, but shit it was the 80's! At that time the second best "Bar-B-Q" probably came out of a Heinz bottle.
I really liked how the lights and darks in this shot combined…
2. The Mountain Man getting home from work early.
The backing papers for the inside of the card are from Bearly Mine Designs, and they are from my Designer Extreme Volume III Cd. Iloved that they had both the browns and red tones in there – to match what I had created on the front, but without being completely perfect. It was exactly the effect I wanted. Smiles.
The only thing that can be deduced from all of this is the fact our Parliament is now so hamstrung and subservient to the EU it should turned into a play area where tourist and visitors can do the Parliament thing.
Angle #2
Sally, as he was called, marched or walked,
The evidence of flooding was clear. The wreck line extended all the way up the hill to within a few feet of the back porch. The picnic table and deer feeder were gone (and never to be seen again). The next door neighbor had recently built an observation deck and it had debris piled higher than my head!!! It was amazing to see how high the debris was in the trees!
Regardless of the dumbing down of our world, our minds are not so easily toyed with. Our messages therefore must be adroit and impactful.
What have I learned in my thirties? I've learned to have a whole LOT more patience, things that used to rile me up I now can brush off and move on. I've learned that not everyone in life is gonna like you, for whatever reason and its OK. I'm at the point now where I'm like "if you don't like me for any pre-conceived reason, well I don't really give a damn" LOL. As long as I like myself and know that the person looking back at me in the mirror is someone who loves, someone who cares, someone who is kind and someone that has values that matter...that's all that matters to me. I've learned that friends are the family you get to choose, cherish them, take the time to nourish them. I'm so thankful for the friends I have in my life...they've got my back no matter what and I've got theirs. They don't judge me, nor I of them. And I've learned that laughter and smiles take you a long way in life...having a bad day, call a friend and share a laugh...it helps. I've learned that family is the UT-MOST important thing in life...if you don't love and have the love of your family then life doesn't matter as much. I've learned that kids grow up quickly, so you gotta really pay attention to all those moments and days and times you spend with them...value it even if sometimes you wanna pull your hair out & run down the street screaming (amen...oh yeah I have days like that lol). That having a loving, caring & supportive spouse is a gift I am beyond thankful to have in my life...he's my bestest friend, my soul-mate and one love! I value quality time with my family so much more now, really making sure to live in the moment and cherish it all. I know that life can be short, and sometimes cruel and punishing and poof it can all be gone in one brief moment. So I've learned to have "YOLO" as my mantra (and its a small tattoo I have too, shhhh don't tell my mama..she'll whip me)...You Only Live Once...its something I repeat every day...even making the most out of a trip to the post office. Hey along the way you could do a good deed, someone could do something really nice for you or you could just have a cheerful conversation with someone for 2 mins. I know when my feet hit the floor (whether they are tired feet or not) that I am happy they touched the floor...I'm alive to enjoy another day...and no matter what happens I will be thankful for that opportunity. I've learned that life IS one BIG opportunity...an opportunity to enjoy it, embrace it, live it, love it and remember that is is "OURS"! I've learned you HAVE to live your life for yourself, it was given to YOU, you cannot live your life for someone else...you will never be truly happy. Yes you can live a life that includes someone else or a life that makes others happy but in the end its YOUR life and the only one you get. Take charge of it and I truly believe that if you love yourself and are happy with yourself and your life...then others will take notice and be happy to. And to me that is the most important thing I learned and embraced in my thirties. I am 100% happy with my life even the bad stuff as it teaches us lessons, sometimes hard ones, but it makes us who we are and it makes us stronger and hopefully makes us a better person. So yes my glass is ALWAYS half full, I'm usually always smiling and yep tomorrow will be a great day too and the next and the next as long as I'm alive living it. So yeah when 40 comes it will hurt just a bit...but I'll be grateful that I'm alive to enjoy it! So I'm off to have an EXCELLENT day and hope you are too :)
Can I say paranormal urban fantasy with a romantic twist?
-Sweet Potatoes two ways (because I don't have enough casserole dishes to make a huge sweet potato casserole.)
Some of the most used things in crime investigation came about from necessity!
Flyball is a team sport for dogs that was invented in California in the late 70′s. Legend has it that Herbert Wagner first showed it on the Johnny Carson Show to millions of Americans. Soon afterwards dog trainers and dog clubs were making and using Flyball Boxes. In the early 80′s the sport became so popular that the North American Flyball Association (NAFA) was formed and they are the worldwide authority for Flyball.
equipment for peacekeeping which
3) Students fill out a prewriting web for their mother.
An’ for each an’ ev’ry underdog soldier in the night
The book is divided into 9 chapters: condiments and sauces, breakfast dishes, appetizers, soups and stews, entrees, side dishes, Caribbean tea party, desserts, and drinks and cocktails. The easiest way for me to cook through this book was to head straight for the condiment section. There are plenty of recipes that require condiments or sauces from this section. My suggestion is to start with the: Bajan Seasoning, Jamaican Jerk Seasoning, and Bajan Pepper Sauce. These are the three that seem to be used most often. I totally fell in love with the pepper sauce. It's this vibrant yellow color with a kick of mustard and spice. So good!
One year later, my husband and I love living in Nashville and I am learning more than I thought possible at MP&F Public Relations. So when I saw the Wall Street Journal article 10 Things Your Commencement Speaker Won’t Tell You, I enjoyed reading it as someone who has been removed from the college mindset for one year.
9:30 pm in the Abbott household. All was quiet except for the droning of the television. The kiddos were asleep. Or so we thought.
Some small films that made it big:
2) Add the tamarind juice, salt,sugar and coconut milk. Simmer until boiling
And they left blue paper in the legal tray.
Any how, after being labelled the school slut I just didn’t care, in fact I liked playing the part. Interesting how now I’m pursuing a life of an actor. So I wore the tight leather pants and the tiny tees, the kilts with the thigh high boots. Why not, they already thought I was something I wasn’t so let them believe it. I got myself in way too deep though. Noah moved away months after the disaster, and didn’t see how things took a turn for the worse. I guess no one ever told him. Just as no one ever told me why I suddenly became one of the most hated people in school. After finding out yesterday I don’t know what to do. I finally can have a reason or some closure as to why this all happened. It was hard for me to even tap into these memories because I don’t let myself think about high school. It doesn’t exist in my mind, same mentality I had in my final year of school. Graduated early, didn’t look back. Hell I didn’t even go to my grad or my prom. I was over it. I told myself I was above it and over it. But maybe deep down i just didn’t have any desire to go back and be whispered about anymore. I had found friends, I had found people that liked me. People I fit in with. Or was starting to fit in with, as long as i was blowing lines with them day and night. Sure why the hell not. At least these people would never act like the people who were now in my past. And it’s true. they never did. they never once got caught up in the high school shit because they were well past it. They were who I am now. Someone in their late twenties that parties like it’s going out of style. I finally was in. I was connected. I started selling drugs to make all these high school losers come crawling to me because I had something they needed. Kiss my ass or I’m not going to sell you shit. I was friends with night club owners that knew I was under aged but gave me platinum passes to their clubs. This was my new life. The new me. Untamed. Didn’t give a fuck. After seeing the movie Easy A i laughed and said “wow that’s me to a t”. The sad part is, that’s a comedic film and this is my life. Not nearly as hilarious.
It is only now, as I accept the truth about myself as a witch in this life that I can appreciate and understand more about my incarnations in previous lives. There are lots of memories for me to discover. For example, I know that at some point in history I was a mermaid. That memory still needs to be fully accessed, but I have received enough messages now to understand the basic truth. I had a past life regression last year where I discovered previous lives as the spoiled wife of a rich 18th century English land owner, and another where I was an American woman pioneering counselling therapy in the 1800s. More about those later…
Luckily when I got online Sunday morning the website was working great, and the two items I lusted after were offered in the plus size line and in stock. Bonus day!
Back on the block. This beer the wife picked up in Central Florida while she was visiting some family. This puppy comes out of Tarpon Springs, Florida. Never heard of Tarpon Springs, but I'm sure their beer or their women are top notch. I guess I'll have to find out about one.
This soap the ingredients include: Olive Oil, Coconut Oil, Avocado Oil, Cocoa Butter, Castor Oil, Water, Sodium Hydroxide, Sea Clay , Lavender and Tea Tree essential Oil.
Bloemfontein - Seven police officers and four civilians have been arrested for stealing 20 plasma television sets at an accident scene, Free State police said on Wednesday.
Author: Jean Kwok
I emailed Fredrik, the man in charge, and asked if he knew of anyone doing something similar in Australia and he funny enough he happened to have a friend and colleague with the equipment currently living in Sydney over on the East Coast. I was over the moon but slowly got caught up in all the appointments and therapy we had to do with Cayla. Anyway, a while ago I decided to send this guy an email and he gave me a call a couple of days after. His name is Michael and he sounds like a really nice guy, he could speak Swedish as well which was great! We discussed the Elektrodress and decided that he was going to speak to Fredrik and get back to me with more information. I was very excited and discussed the matter with my husband later that evening. Maybe we could all fly to Tasmania and try this? What if it works? What if we could use this instead of Botox injections??? Then little Cayla wouldn’t need any casting done or maybe not even the AFOs….! Wow, that would just be amazing….. even the slightest improvement would be totally worth it! I just wanted to hop on a plane with Cayla that day.. but that is just me.. get something in my head and wanting to do it right away!!
Live….live like I know life is meant to be lived.
I'm feeling sort of nostalgic tonight, thinking about how blessed I am. When Michael walked out seven months ago, my world shattered into a million pieces. So much has changed since that day. I have a new job, a new apartment, my family and friends, and for the first time in a very long time I have peace and contentment and dare I even say...happiness. For a while I thought I would never feel that way again. I'm loving life right now, and for that I am so grateful.
I find myself blessed for having achieved great part of my dreams.
Still, Blumenthal's legislation is "a good start," said Chris Calabrese, a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union. "We feel like it's a very flexible standard. It extends to your iPhone, to information you have on Google and anything else that may come up in the future that we haven't thought of yet. “
Halertau (pellets) 3.8%, 1 min. 1.0 oz.
Instead, I stand rooted to the grass -- bonded to this moment as solidly as I am excluded from it -- watching and waiting for the neediness to return, when I will probably bristle at its touch. I am inconstant and full of my own neediness.
He gained a world; he gave the world
And I'm exhausted. Because it's so stressful. Because a mother is supposed to take care of you. Not you, her. Because she isn't capable of making her own decisions no matter what the hospital people said in their knowledge of her for a few weeks. She isn't capable. Her dementia doesn't show too obviously. It's subtle. It hasn't reared up and destroyed her ability to remember. That's not the way it's robbed her. It's much more complicated. But, of course, the hospital people know best. They've had a student nurse ask her a few questions, and - voila! - my mother is deemed to be competent mentally.
Oh. Didn't tell you. Am raging Drinker as well.
Bare functionality has generally been the approach of fiction to violent spectacle since literary studies became dominated by the model of naturalistic prose fiction, whose paradigm has proven no less influential on later-blooming media such as cinema and comic books. Even when Hemingway places the matador Romero in deadly peril in THE SUN ALSO RISES, or Faulkner sacrifices Joe Christmas in a parody of the Christian crucifixion in LIGHT IN AUGUST, the violence is there to illustrate the theme, not to assume its own importance in the story.
I have only recently put a few of these in the cellar, and I regret I didn't do it years ago. This is a beer with nearly infinite aging capacity. It's only getting more expensive, so maybe I'll go buy a few more bottles for future enjoyment.
Thanks for mentioning that Heather! It’s relatively new, so I appreciate the shout-out. I’ve got a couple goals – the first is to give writers searching for an agent a clear sense of the kinds of projects I’m looking for and my approach to this business. Writers are told again and again: do your research, make sure you’re querying agents that represent work like yours, and that seem as if they’d be a good fit for you. So, I hope I’m giving people the information they need to make that determination.
These gain his greatest attention. Those more populated and dessicated elicit more disdain. He wearies of his fellows, and seeks solitude. "The character of a region has much to do with the character of the person describing it, for we see our own heart in a landscape." He connects his melancholy with his preference for the wild: "a wilderness becomes not just an entity but a state of imagination." (32)
Seal the jars and place in the fridge for a minimum of one week to allow the flavours to fully develop. Give the jars a good shake once or twice a day for the first three days.
indicating that said first character trusts notes written by said first character;
Perhaps my most interesting realisation was that some of the wines that were a quite light, really came into their own with this lively food. It was as though the excitement of the cuisine rubbed off on to the wines.
del troquelador Blossom Petal Builder y los pegas por detrás de la cabeza.
Sorry to cut this short, but I have to go home and pack for our trip to St. Louis. We are visiting Andrew's family and are going on a plane...Abbey's first plane trip! I know she is so excited ;-).
Alf Humphreys ... Mayor
Wow I think I hit a nerve with my previous post epiphanies. All those who wrote in with their opinions, good for you. I completely salute all you ladies out there who can get a frosting to stay as frosting and substitute ingredients with what's available, in India. But I love my convenience way too much than baking or cooking to oversee it, so I am gonna stick to what I said.
The word became flesh
sliced banana
One Sunday Morning – Wilco
“Proof of it by our service for Him—receiving constant religious training for all kinds of service involved in the various committees. . .
Bohemia is light golden in color with decent head retention yet little lacing. Fantastic light floral and herbal hop aroma that you don’t get in most Mexican brewed lagers. Taste brings sweet malts, clear balance, and a clean finish with a considerate bitterness. Bohemia is a fantastic substitute for the American Adjunct Lager.
The zombie who gives massages for a living.
Mark Samuels – The White Hands
Thera-Band for back exercises
But if I had to pick, maybe I’d choose...
8/28/10
Of Nadia Eweida, the check-in worker whom British Airways tried to prevent from wearing a cross round her neck, he said she had ‘one of the most stupid faces I have ever seen’.
2 ceramics
- 1 bunch of spinach
~ Rainer Maria Rilke
Dupic turned to protect his brother from getting seared to death by the dragon, but his heel was grabbed by the monk that Cupid had just shot an arrow into. Instead of hitting him in the head, he had missed his target and plucked the weapon into his crotch. As the times that Dupic's ammo had not hit on target, the arrow stayed in the subject instead of vaporizing to thought. Treating the area as it would the mind, the arrow gave power to the monk's genital region. Ironically, this particular monk had been chosen to be written on the list due to his ardent adherence of vows of chastity and silence. Those hard-lined promises ended once the tip of the fate arrow had entered his manhood. Now full of lust and desire, the monk's desire grew towards the fleeing cherub as he grabbed onto both of Dupic's boots after disrobing in a heartbeat.
The message reads:
He can play as a 5 tech 3-4 end or as a run down 4-3 end at the NFL level but is still very raw. More immediately, he supplies depth on DL. Has injury concerns with his feet between 2010 and 2011. Also has some character concerns regarding drugs found at an apartment he stayed in, but he has not been charged.
Ok, so the latest story in radio is that the people in NYC are up in arms because the legendary WBLS is no more. It has given way to the sports fans of the tri-State area, and has become an ESPN affiliate. With that, as of today, they have also lost legendary syndicated jock, Tom Joyner and the Michael Baisden Show.
Stone Brewing Co
Thatcher removed the enemy of her ideology by destroying the unions and industrial communities, but this has come back to haunt those who believed this would see the return to a more stable and acquiescent society. Firstly such destruction created despair, which saw many industrial communities overwhelmed by Heroin addiction, and then later, almost its counterpoint, Ecstasy, and the raves that occupied the abandoned industrial spaces and represented new hedonistic communities for those deserted by the decline in old ways. Both these phenomena led to the ugly expansion of criminal gangs, now capable of making much higher profits through drugs, who now offer a seemingly easy route to money, power, status and belonging for those with few other opportunities, filling the vacuum in many communities left by the decline of previous power structures.
He admitted racially aggravated abuse at Hendon magistrates court in north-west London on Monday and was given a three-year football banning order preventing him from attending any regulated football match in the UK or abroad, Scotland Yard said.
Level 6: STR: +18, Increases your attack speed.
Her own recipes, Comerford said, infuse her ancestral traditions with a thoroughly modern, eclectic spirit. Using new techniques and available ingredients, she creates a version of adobo — a Filipino dish involving meat or seafood marinated in a vinegar-garlic sauce, browned in oil and simmered in its marinade — that evokes the familiar stew of her native land while adding a fresh twist to its flavors.
“I am always very impressed when I see the potential of a creative talent and I like to support it by sharing my experience with young aspiring designers all over the world,” said Missoni.
And if Lowry, whom Barro presents as some sort of fearless, truth-telling, Renaissance Man, were to fire Derbyshire, would he then be taken seriously by black Americans? Of course, not. He already sucked up to bloody, black supremacist, Al Sharpton, and that didn’t help. If Lowry wants to stay in business, he needs to worry about being taken seriously by white Americans.
A pagoda located in Mount Penn in Reading, Pennsylvania serves as the city’s landmark.
Outlawz Sketch Challenge
I was at a concert during the Farewell Tour.
By those that are beside them
All told, you'll get three classes in one day! If you're interested in learning more or reading detailed class descriptions you can follow the link below.
FUCKING SERIOUSLY.
Author: Murakami Haruki (村上 春樹)
Such is the case of one of my suite-mates, who decided to make jello shots using alcohol from some undisclosed source with some of her friends. This may just be the old man in me talking, but I think there may be some risk in that, but then again, they didn't break anything. I just hope none of the advisers look in our trash that is currently full of tons of little paper cups.
Despite Fuller saying that focussing solely on the internet goes against the company’s reputation for “quality” content, the Price Waterhouse report predicts that print magazines will only be around for the “short term”. Only time will tell if this is the case.
This week at Just Add Ink, Mae has come up with a GREAT challenge. I say great, because it really took me out of my comfort zone - frustrating at first, but that's the whole idea of a 'challenge', isn't it? I do favour colour challenges over sketches, but I'm trying to open my mind!
For theHyderabadleg too we would like to invite you to come forward and be a part of the cycling revolution brewing inIndia. To be a part of India Cyclothon –Hyderabad 2010, get in touch with us at indiacyclothon@gmail.com
On the road again-
CR: I definitely would be Serge Gainsbourg.
I thought this could not happen without hormones or facial feminization or wearing tons of makeup and distinctly feminine clothes. I truly thought that.
Cain was later identified
By spring of 2008, the University expects to have developed a plan which will guide its future development in the Washington Square/Union Square/East Village area and throughout the City.
I often point out that if you create balance and harmony in your small space then it works - and this is true for large-scale furniture and decor. In this corner, Monelle went big with her artwork and dresser, even the chair is on the large side but it feels cohesive and balanced. Yes!
Last night I was rubbing lotion on his back because we are all dry and flaky in this shitty weather. After he said the lotion smelled good and cuddled up closer to me I told him I was going to need him to man it up a bit for the night. I’m sooo the bitch in this relationship aren’t I? Yes, Mr. Construction Worker/Soldier you are.
I don't need to put up with the gnats.
As every good textbook teaching technique should, plenty of examples are given, helping to make every idea and concept easier to understand. The beauty of Holcomb and Killingsworth’s analogies are the wide range of examples given; the choice are vast. When discussing style motives in Chapter 2, a wine geek website is used to describe how style changes according to the arena. Skip on over to Chapter 4, and voice is explained through the story of a high school student learning how to write. Chapter 6 likens tropes to the the pirouettes and plies of a ballerina, while Chapter 8 uses a sensual excerpt on weasels to describe the power of imagery.
We’ve never found before it smashes
Now prepare the jaggery syrup with ¼ cup of water. Once it dissolved, strain for impurities. Again boil it till you reach soft ball consistency. If you add ½ tsp syrup to water, you should be able to form a ball (not too hard). Switch off the stove, and add this to the steamed flour slowly and mix well. Break any lumps. Add the fried cashews along with the ghee. That’s it. It’s very tasty and soft too.
Calendar
"Where it's At" - Beck. Bottles and cans, and just clap your hands, and just clap your hands.
Anywho, this is what followed my explorations into the Tux world: a group of Tuxes that personify me.
Congratulations to Iraqis who have helped Americans, but removing the best people from the insane Middle East is not my recipe for an improved world, nor am I delighted to take on another huge community of Moslems, some of whom may have questionable motives. I don’t know how well things are going on the ground in Iraq, but it’s not a good sign when we’re accepting refugees before we have even withdrawn any troops.
That being said, and whatever your position on dog meat, this video is funny.
These shoes are pair 2 of the 3 summers ago nude color shoes that I bought 3 pair of. Like the others, these are sooo fried, especially the pointy toe. I talked nice to them today and I think they may survive a couple more months. And I'll know for sure tomorrow, but my Charles David shoes MAY have a chance at a summer revival. I still promise to let them retire at the end of the summer though--but I'll be thankful if they can last until then!
In today’s suit happy, noisy, and sound byte driven world, remember to hold on to the simple things as long as you can. I have a saying, “Are we IBM?” If the answer is “no,” then don’t plan systems, policies, structures, decisions, etc around a hierarchical process that eliminates common sense. Fight to keep the processes simple, the reports uncomplicated, the people unhindered by red tape, and your decisions grounded.
Girls bring the boys out Girls bring the boys out
Crisply dressed in khaki prison fatigues and black boots, Emery said he was heartened that John McKay, the former U.S. attorney who helped put Emery in jail, has had a Saul-on the-road-to-Damascus conversion and is now championing a Washington State initiative to legalize pot.
: : another roll of film was developed, it's like christmas waiting for it , forgetting all that was taken.
Here at Rancho FirstNations, we are hard as nails and metal as fuck; therefore we decorate with dead animal parts.
6. Watch Anime, usually online because Netflix is slow and boring. Currently watching: Ranma 1/2 (or re-watching, as the case may be, and is.)
www.newsletter.co.uk/news/DUP-39Uturn39-on-doublejobbing.6642057.jp
The American lady in the next seat spent some of the interval expounding on the complexity of the time signatures in which they were singing their songs in Latin and early English - I hadn't recognised any of them, though they were pretty - and telling me how successful The Mediaeval Baebes are at something she described as "RenFair" in the US. This turned out to be a kind of transatlantic battle re-enactment scene ("renaissence fairs") for people who enjoy dressing up and pretending, but don't much like violence. Think Kentwell Hall but with fairies and dodgy accents.
You see, as part of my reinvention, I’ve become a wee-bit interested in the idea of knowing as much about myself as possible and REALLY trying to be aware of others’ reactions to me. Obviously, I was completely oblivious to these realities in my 1.0 version, what with the husband who pretended to be my best friend day in/out, who dated me for three years pre-marriage, who stayed happily married to me for over a decade…and then decided the woman of his dreams was his ex-girlfriend, as she clearly had been all along.
My oldest son came and reported that my 2-year-old daughter had thrown a shoe away. So I went to the trash and retrieved the shoe. There it was. Complete with the dead bug she had killed on the bottom of it! (She wasn't a big fan of bugs at the time!)
Let’s not let the world around you fool you.
Clark: "Mommy I want to bake something"
There are a few places that are “safe.” You will get a message on your screen saying “Republic territory” or “Empire territory.” These areas do not guarantee you will not be attacked, but it does give you a bit of a buffer in many of them.
--Theodosia and the Eyes of Horus by R.L. LaFevers (reviewed here, the third in an adventuresome series about a girl with a knack for curse detection whose parents run an antiquities museum in London in the early 1900s)
To arrive at our candidates for the 2010 Knights of the Beer Roundtable Beer of the Year, we took a look back at all the beers reviewed during our roundtables over the past year. In some cases, not all the Knights attended, but their familiarity with a reviewed beer allowed them to place it in their rankings.
The US supplier contends that Beijing-based Sinovel, China’s largest turbine maker, is illegally using its intellectual property. A former AMSC employee pleaded guilty to charges including economic espionage in an Austrian court in September and said …
As a result of the policy, Malaysia would, among other things, has to contend with the elimination of state aid to national airlines, safety net and safeguard mechanisms to ensure sound competition.
* Feeding tube issues: we recently switched Brett from what is called a mic-key button to a mini button (amazingly enough, they just happen to be called this - it isn't because of Disney or anything!). While I like the mini button for various reasons, the one annoying thing that keeps happening is that the one little tiny piece that locks the extension into the button breaks off easily. This last time when it broke off was a few days ago. I opened up my back-up and began to use it, but it kept coming off. The back-up looked like an adult size, but I thought it still might work. When it didn't, I called the good folks at Mid Carolina Home Health care to send me the correct extension. They did send the extensions but they were the mic-key extensions. I tried them, because I knew that they knew he had a mini, and maybe they were supposed to work. I found out they actually are supposed to work. But they didn't. The extension kept coming off - wouldn't lock in place. By this time it had been about a day and a half without a feed. Brett can still eat by mouth, so he wasn't hungry or anything - it's just that we are missing the opportunity to feed him continuously and theoretically maximize his growth. Since Mid Carolina's offices are on the way to UNC, I stopped by on the way back home and got the right thing. It actually did take the lady who was helping me about 15-20 minutes for us to figure out the problem, phsyically see that what SAID it was supposed to work actually didn't, and then for her to find the one that did, then be able to tell the difference in description to put it on our file so we don't get the wrong thing again. A minor inconvenience, but I can always count on the Mid Carolina people to help me and get it right. Sometimes it just has to be done in person!
I'm imagining an adventure travel book of the future: Around The World Without Internet. Can he/she manage the world's dangers without being connected? Will our hero get swept away in a tsunami or political chaos that they didn't read about online? Can someone survive day to day with only human interactions? And imagine the trials of booking all those transportation tickets in person!
And I’m going to ask you to support us. This weekend Boston Opera Collaborative participates in the Walk for Music and Arts with the goal of raising $11,000. This is an astronomical sum compared to our fundraising goals in our first few years, when I was president, and later public relations director.
Teach us to number our days, that we may gain a heart of wisdom.
My journey has been a long one and I am only slowly crawling towards a path of acceptance. My husband has been so supportive and understanding about my situation, and if I still want implants he will support me there. I haven't decided but it will be after I give myself, and my breasts, one last shot at breast feeding.
What about snail mail? This is effective as well, but the problem is getting your prospects to open and read the newsletter. It’s also expensive. Except for the twenty bucks or so a month that you’ll shell out for the e-mail service, an e-mail newsletter is free.
How can you not dance to this song better yet how can you not like this song? This song’s so bad ass~ but looks like y’all have to wait
The little red dudes on the socks remind me of the hours I spent with my Atari space invaders game.
So he brought his human reasoning into it. “Lord, they know who I am. I was the chief persecutor. I imprisoned many who followed Jesus of Nazareth. I am one of them. They’ll respect me.” Did Paul doubt the Lord? Well, so it seems.
Have a supercalifragilisticexpialidocious weekend everyone! (I'm allowed to say that because Beth has dubbed me Susanna Poppins! :))
The beginners guide to investing in the stock market tip number two is that you are gambling. Instead of risking your money on the numbers painted on the side of the little square dice, you are gambling at the success of the corporation in which you invest your money.
Happy First Day!!!
"Stand up?!" I shout back.
Cheerleading’s her sport, this summer earned a wage.
And then last week, my mother (who had never seen the piece,) walked around to her nail table at her beauty salon and saw a piece of art stashed behind her table. She gasped and thought a client had left a recently purchased piece of art there, then suddenly saw my signature on it.
“A Perfect Pet for Peyton” is a book that any child can really enjoy. My daughter loves animals so this was right up her alley. The whole book is animal-focused while at the same time filled with fun games, colorful illustrations, and confident building good times.
By the way, all of the photos of Maegan used in these collages were created using Jixi Pix’s Photo Artista Haiku app. For the full skinny on that app, click here.
I even set an alarm for this morning,
These are not isolated cases of police brutality. The police force was acting like unrestrained mobsters, often with 10 or more police officers beating up an individual or two. It will not be an understatement to say that the police were creating a riot in the city. The very people who were entrusted to protect innocent and ordinary Malaysians were turning on them.
You think that you have come so far and then you can’t delete a folder. I’m trying, and getting better. But it hasn’t all disappeared overnight.
--Fatal cancer
Everyone stared at him. Then at the chicken. Then at Ibis.
The Enchanted Village is turning its own corner towards a brighter future.
But, in today's economic climate (if you have expensive tastes), sewing can be the way to go. I'll grant, you can probably shop end-of-season sales or discount stores and dress cheaply enough that sewing does not make economic sense. But if you like a little flair in your wardrobe, or if your taste runs more to Anthropologie than to Target, being able to sew can be a godsend.
Indeed, we now have almost an entire continent of sexually hyperactive indigents, with tens of millions of people who only survive because of help from the outside world.
on DVD. I knew it was 95% a tear-jerker or “chick-flick” and only 5% about the sudden appearance of a duplicate to our planet, visible from here and rapidly approaching. The science-fictional elements were there - and somewhat contorted - in service to the inter-personal, angst-driven drama of a girl whose great prospects are dashed by a moment’s foolishness -- and she must deal with guilt and redemption as the giant blue framing device gets ever closer to her world.
Inside the stalls, things take a stranger, far more sinister turn:
Anticapitalist Left Cooperation for the Overthrow (Antarsya),
So even though it is Christmas time, I was feeling very patriotic and blessed to live in this free country and so thankful for the men and women who sacrifice to keep it that way.
In the process of consolidating all my blogs at one location:
AND, then i got a call from super nana...another one having a tough time. she has to go to a funeral service today. the mom of one of her seniors died recently at age 51. it's been a tough year at her school. a young teacher died, incidents with students off campus...the all too familiar litany of events in high schools today seemed to happen almost weekly. not to mention just being a teacher here in the states (don't get me started on "no child left behind")! but, back to the service. for all its immensity as a city, los angeles is just a series of small villages connected by asphalt, so major events in one village happen at the same places. yep, the funeral home and the cemetery are the same places were services for all of our deceased family members were held. so, memories are there. at her age, i know it's there: this could be my mother or my dad. what do you tell your adult child that they don't already know? this is the natural progression of life? don't worry, dad & i are fine? or do what i did, just say, it's tough to grow up, babe, i'm still trying to. i look at the MITM's mom (she lives here in town). she's 86 years old and JUST retired AGAIN from teaching! i can't imagine her not being around and know that it's a blessing that she still is as vibrant and vital as she is given her age.
With a few of my friends having emigrated in the last few years, and continual photos of sunnier climbs to make me jealous, it’s got me thinking about how I can make the most of our garden for when the sunshine finally arrives in the UK. Mine may not necessarily be the most scenic of gardens – it doesn’t back onto fields or woods, nor does it have outstanding views of the ocean or beach – however, it’s a good size and, most importantly, all mine. So here’s what I’d like to do…
My daughter was also shopping with me.
12. Would you try writing down all food and drink consumed for a given period of time?
Good news: Mrs. Kovacs and I received so many requests for extensions that we have decided to push back the due date for the fear essays to Monday. Although it may seem like we’re “soft,” we’re going to party hard over Halloween weekend and will not have time to grade.
Unfortunately, this dilemma is leaking into my writing career. My book series features a biracial main character who is torn between two factions. It appears that I’m also going through the same dichotomy. Young girls of color want to read fantasy; however, that genre is white dominated and the minority characters are placed on the token shelf and used as comic relief. And seeing all those pale, beautifully tragic faces on the bookshelves doesn’t help their self-esteem at all. How can they possibly relate? There is no gorgeous, mysterious guy interested in them, so why should they care? Publishers will only buy what sells, and if minorities aren’t buying, why should they care?
And I wonder, too, if we can sustain a culture of anything, considering how many students transfer in or drop out and are only on campus for a year or two. And how many of them live off campus and show up only for classes. So many of our students inhabit a different world from the one where I went to college, and where I taught as a grad student, and I don't know yet what that world looks like.
I also welcomed a little simplicity into my life. Yes, you can do anything you do with a Mac on a PC… but to accomplish this, you may end up doing more tinkering on the PC side. I tinker with PCs all day at work. That’s already my bread and butter. When I come home, something that “just works” or “works easily” is a great relief.
Grace was mayor for two non-consecutive terms. From 1880-1882, his battles were with Tammany's 'Honest' John Kelly and the city's deteriorating infrastructure. Although Boss Tweed had been dead for two years, and Tammany's corrosive readily exposed, Grace still devoted most of his first term battling his fellow Democrats over such things as street cleaning.
with all my cries flung to the clouds while I fly on at break of day.
Scientists in the United States are far more concerned about two preliminary studies-one in British Columbia and one in Great Britain-both of which showed farmed salmon accumulate more cancer-causing PCBs and toxic dioxins than wild salmon.
The first is Respiracion Emocional/Emotional Breathing, which is about utilizing the breath the fully connect one's thoughts and feelings to the body and being entirely present in the moment. It sounded to me like a fusion of Alexander Technique and the Alba Emoting Breath Technique that I'd studied and heard about at home.... with a little bit of an oriental twist!
Or seeing your mother beaten until she is hospitalized , living in fear of being next until your humanity dies.
masquerade the tears are there
The Tanglewood's Secret
Rachel glanced quickly in the mirror before going downstairs. Not that she was vain, but she wanted to prepare herself for her mother's criticisms.
In 1996 the first round of Heritage Lottery Bid proposals were started and on the 19th April 2001 the Heritage Lottery Fund approved the Leazes Park Restoration Project and provided a grant of £3.7 million to restore the park.
I hope you enjoyed this post, I hope it motivates you to get started on a picture organizing project such as this.....when you are finished it will feel wonderful to know that you have tucked away all your precious memories for safe keeping.
“We are on the verge of a global transformation. All we need is the right major crisis and the nations will accept the New World Order.” – David Rockefeller
One possible interpretation of this current social context I see (without, admittedly, doing any research here) is that the turn to internet cruising and hook-ups, bemoaned by many as the end of gay community, might actually be read as a resurgence of abjection within the context of intensified normalization. Internet hook-ups allow you to maintain the veneer of normality while embracing a dirty, promiscuous, abjected sexuality through the anonymity of the internet in the privacy of your own home, which allows a constant flow of disembodied cocks and assholes across one’s computer screen and, if you’re lucky, in yours or someone else’s bed later that night. Indeed, Craigslist and Manhunt are perhaps as secretive and shameful—and therefore as pleasurable—today as cruising the restrooms in the park was 50 years ago.
So if you read yesterdays post, you would notice that I was so excited to get some more of our cloth diapers in the mail.
This morning was SO nice! I totally got to sleep in. I can't remember the last time I went to bed at a decent hour and got to sleep in too! Best Mother's Day extension present ever!
Through this teensy weensy little blog I have "met" some really great people. Not great in the sense that they have ended any wars, but great in the sense that if we met for lunch, we could talk and laugh, or bitch and cry, for hours.
Level 13: MP Cost: 40, Duration: 130 seconds, 61% chance to not get knocked back.
- Revlon Expert, Perfect tweezers, ColorStay nail polish: CAD6.99
So I don’t have to
Monday I take my first step in making that happen. I'll be doing a one month program to become a CNA (Certified Nurse Assistant)/HHA (Home Health Aide), then in the fall of 2013 I plan to go through an LPN program.
If you are interested in more info and photos on this
This was worse than even he could imagine.
To Peter, 7 times was his maximum… think about it in terms of today’s society:
* September 24-26: G service suspended between Bedford-Nostrand Aves. and Court Square F station, replaced by shuttle buses
I hugely enjoyed the divided neighbourhood that dominates the setting. It creates ample tension and provides a background which reflects the characters. I loved the feeling of tension that lurks whenever the narration is taken over by Alex as equally as I enjoyed the feeling of rich-but-empty lifestyle that Brittany's voice offers. Together, they weave perfectly, further highlighting such a beautiful romance.
"As such, ownership of the post office and the Post Bank by government should be linked to efforts to ensure that the two institutions are sustainable."
Water resources in the Middle East are subject to an unprecedented pressure which is threatening the populations of entire regions along with their economic activities. Population growth, migration, urbanization, and climate change are all exerting an enormous impact on these resources. In fact, over the last 50 years, the flow rate of numerous rivers in turkey, Syria, Iraq, Lebanon, and Jordan has plunged by 50 to 90 percent. And yet at the same time, the sustainable management of trans-border water resources is vital to provide for the requirements of agriculture, the need for clean drinking water, and for socio-economic development in general. It is key to avoiding human tragedy and to fostering the promotion of peace.
“You are not listening to me” I said.
And it soon became clear why such steps were taken— two officials soon plead guilty to criminal charges, and SAIC found one senior projects manager erroneously billed overtime hours. In fact, TechnoDyne, one of the largest subcontractors of Citytime, saw its executives flee the country after receiving federal indictments for their crimes. All this brought the number of people allegedly involved in Citytime corruption since last December to a whopping eleven, with federal prosecutors seizing more than $38 million in stolen funds from over 100 bank accounts hidden in international shell companies.
I am not interested in a sexual relationship. However I do need a companion to have crazy reckless adventures with, who likes hugging, eats indian food and is not afraid to tell me the truth at all times, even if is likely to upset or annoy me.
I think I may have just found my slogan…
I am obsessive about visiting art galleries and museums and this gallery is one of our favorites! Situated on the waterfront in a super modern building, this gallery has the most inspiring and innovative exhibits, the sweetest gift shop and - yay! - ample parking. Plus, Thursday nights are free!
And Hemingway’s book, A Moveable Feast! I thought it was endlessly fascinating to read about the way he and his fellow writers and artists lived during that time. I couldn’t turn the pages fast enough!
Impaled on the points of Taslin's violet glare, Rel took a step back. "Rissad chose the risk over staying to accept another round of your handling. Don't dare deny your kind have a lot to answer for."
Social life, with increase of wealth, has a trend towards demoralization. Luxury weakens morality. Popular amusements become sensualized and offer their temptations to the church. “Do not be conformed to the world” applies to the theater, the ball-room, the wine-cup, and to everything that would turn God’s earth into a “Vanity Fair.” Conformity to the world amounts, in the end, to more than the corruption of Christ’s church. It puts out the light which Christ has kindled; it destroys the very leaven which He has prepared to purify and sweeten and save a “world lying in wickedness.”
Quite often I get asked where I manage to find some of my fabrics at for such a great price. I hunt around all the time and score some great deals but I have to tell you that the secret to making a great product is in your ability to color match. I also use a little secret and it's called Mimi's Treasured Memories! Mimi, who's real name is Claudia, has the sweetest little Quilt Shop located about 4 miles from my house. She manages to score some of the greatest fabrics that match perfectly to my designer patterns!! $3/yard and up! Honestly, you can't beat that price. I've been helping her a lot lately and now am helping her run the little Etsy shop where I've put up some of her pattern pieces! $5.50/yard for some of the fun little Valentines prints! You ladies who make little girls and boys outfits better get them while the getting is good because I've already sold out of some of our patterns. Eek!!
i know what's right to do .. but i also understand when you are in a situation where.. you want things to just be normal - you want to be in a healthy relationship .. you try - even when you shouldn't.
This morning was the annual Sydney Markets Cherry Auction. Because my family are fruit wholesalers - and we sell cherries - I am almost always in attendance.
“About tomorrow,” I said. “About how excited I am to try my new recipes.”
In order to avoid problems, Kenyans will often use metaphors, analogies and stories to bring the point over. They are uncomfortable with blunt statements. If you are from a culture that prizes directness, it would be recommendable to rephrase your wordings and most important the tone as well. With this in mind, criticism should be delivered in private and given in a very diplomatic manner.
I am starting to feel the same way about all the color choices as far as my paper goes. I use mostly white, ivory, and kraft, so why do I have no less than 107 different colors??? And I'm not making that up - I counted them all! Why in the world do I need that much paper? Knowing myself and the reason I have it all, I could answer that question with one word. Comfort. Comfort in knowing it is there if I need it. But it is weighing me down. I am starting to think the convenience of having it all isn't worth the weight of having it all.
Mindfulness to me, is a strange term. It conjures up “new-agey images” and big floating Buddha Statues.
Add the beaten eggs, oil, vanilla extract and grated courgettes to the dry ingredients and mix well until combined. Add the walnuts, mix in and divide between the two loaf tins.
I need to make this perfectly clear. My friendship with the author doesn’t make a difference to my opinion of their work. If you don’t believe me then look up my review of Eve Eden vs The Zombie Horde.
Sunday-April 8th Sunday of this year's Viva might go down in history as the best yet. Maybe it was the luxury of sleeping late, maybe it was the music, maybe it was the pool party, maybe it was the fact that I was awake to enjoy most of it. Whatever the reason, this was the highlight of the weekend for me. Sleeping late on Sunday isn't something I typically get to do, being a mother of four. I rarely stay in bed past 7am. So sleeping until 10am was a luxury and felt wrong. I rolled my hair, ordered room service, and strolled down to Moose's room where her room mate offered the use of a hooded dryer. Another luxury! After breakfast, we took our time getting ready for the pool party, allowing the hottest part of the day to pass before we went down to stand in line. Yes, there is a line for the pool party. In the hottest part of the day, it's annoying. After 2, it is only a mild inconvenience. I had the privilege of waiting with La Cholita and Dollie Deville, the latter of which honored me with a photograph.
But, unlike in the States where agriculture is far outside the norms of city life, there is no escaping the presence of water buffaloes in this part of the world.
We were curious to find out whether the extra 300 mAh inside the Galaxy S III can compensate for its slightly larger screen and the lack of a low-power CPU core in its chipset.
Okay, this is it for red today. Hopefully you’ve gotten some good ideas for your decks at the pre-release this weekend. If you can think of any other combos, please let me know!
Mommy: “It’s to thank God for giving us food.”
We are the Dead. Short days ago
Although, of course, there is always the danger of the being-hit-by-a-truck ramification.
She burns
Archibald John Little was born in 1838, the son of a doctor who came to specialise in congenital disorders of the feet – his own deep concern about the Chinese practice of foot-binding may perhaps have its origin here? It is frustratingly difficult to find any reliable biographical information except from his own writings: some sources, for example, claim that he was an ‘ex-missionary’, whereas in fact he first went to China in 1859 as a tea-taster for a German merchant house (having been sent to Germany to learn the language at the age of sixteen), and his views on missionaries and their influence in China, though more tactfully expressed than those of Reginald Johnston a generation later, were far from positive. All agree that he was fluent in Chinese, both spoken and written, but, again frustratingly, there is no detail on how he became so.
It serves as a reminder to governments of the need to respect their commitment to press freedom and is also a day of reflection among media professionals about issues of press freedom and professional ethics. Just as importantly, World Press Freedom Day is a day of support for media which are targets for the restraint, or abolition, of press freedom. It is also a day of remembrance for those journalists who lost their lives in the exercise of their profession.
In case you are wondering about the Hat sets I´m using, here they are:
With our house going on the market and all kinds of fun things like that going on, we decided to scale the yuckiness back a bit and freshen things up in there.
Baseball
Sports Illustrated is about to drop the latest piano out of the sky with a Mets logo on it. The Mets' organization will lose an estimated $70 Million Dollars this season. Remember, it always gets worse before it gets better. Look out below.
R's dresser is right next to her bed. It's about 7' tall. The top if it is covered in stuffed animals - the giant pony from my cousin, a few teddy bears, a lamb from another deadbabymama, an elephant from her aunt, a koala from daddy, etc. I also have her monitor up there and a framed card given by a friend of a friend. The card shows two naked babies (from the behind) standing in an oversized (God's) hand.
Wrestle love; the God of love
Yesterday was May 1st and I didn't even get a chance to blog... but I am here today to say that May is going to be a crazy, crazy, crazy month for me so I apologize in advance for my posts!
We popped her outside the day before yesterday to catch some sunshine. As the southerly change came in, I brought her inside. She was so cold. I put a towel in the dryer to warm it up and gave her a cuddle for a couple of hours. She seemed to improve a bit.
I know that nothing beats the experience of witnessing a band play live, but sometimes the sound quality coming out of the speakers and/or the chatter and screaming of the audience makes playback not as enjoyable. A good quality soundboard recording is also worth seeking, but even that can be grittier and less balanced than a radio broadcast. There are many good sources for live radio performances, such as CBC radio, shows like Q regularly feature a live guest and Concerts on Demand features a large range of genres. In the states, several well known radio programs feature(d) live performances such as Morning Becomes Eclectic on KCRW in Santa Monica, WFMU in Hoboken, NJ, WFMU in East Orange, NJ and WERS in Boston. Daytrotter sessions from Rock Island, IL hosts many artists each week and their sessions are available for a listen and download on their website, daytrotter.com. At one time it was free, but now you have to pay for a membership, though $2 a month is an awfully good deal.
59 t
“Fuckies?”
Wait...ricotta dessert? You mean like a cheese cake? Nope! I mean ricotta topped with fruit, either jam or berries, your choice. I had this at my good friend Phyllis' home, she topped her ricotta with a homemade cherry jam and candied almonds. Holy cow it was delicious!! So thank you Phyllis for the recipe source as well as the tasty and unexpected dessert idea! I hope that you all will try to make your own ricotta cheese. Your friends and family will be impressed to know you made your own cheese, and only we need to know just how easy it is. Enjoy!
