You refuse to debunk my statements because you have done so many times. Well then it should be easy. Stop being lazy and give it a go because from what you keep saying I don’t think you actually read it so how can you “debunk” my statements.
Scorer tool
Wow! Such an inspiring person. One of those rare occasions when you realise you were in the presence of a great lady. Why not say it? Why be bashful on this score. She is amazing and thank all that is good that she survives and thrives.
Now therefore write ye this song for you, and teach thou it the children of Israel; put it in their mouths, that this song may be a witness for Me against the children of Israel.
Soooooo.....
Put the cabbage leaves in boiling salted water.
To feel for ever its soft fall and swell,
I hope to see this evolve into a permanent fixture of our community - a forum for people of any age and background to practice their art and share their experience to strengthen our network of local artists.
Women are spoken to as girls.
People argue that this is due to greater levels of black deprivation and higher levels of poverty, however, again they will be telling lies with statistics, it is certainly true that a higher percentage of the black community, around 26%, live in relative poverty, compared to around 8% of whites, however, presenting statistics based on individual racial group, is the same trick our government and theirs play with the hate crime figures, as it ignores the fact that blacks only account for 12% of the US population, (approx: 38 million) whereas whites are still over 63% (approx: 237 million) hence in numerical terms there are over twice as many whites living in relative poverty than blacks. Hence, if deprivation were the reason, one would expect to see far higher levels of such crimes being committed by whites than we do.
Today, I am blogging for the first time in far too long! The reasons for this are stress, lack of time, laziness and loss of camera. I've spared you many posts about ill children sitting and watching Peppa Pig for endless hours, and I've really hibernated this winter! I am emerging, though, and feeling pretty good about things. I'm writing, I'm exercising, I'm able to think about making food, cleaning up and playing with playdough without feeling like screaming. I'm sad that my sewing machine is broken but happy to be knitting something real (a hoodie for my tiny girl, can't wait to have enough of it to justify a picture!) and planning other knitted things until I can afford a new machine.
Several months ago, I mentioned dreaming of William Stafford, who was sitting in an easy chair and reading a poem to me by lamp light. I found it very comforting and knew that the poem he read, one of my favorites, should be shared. It was titled, "A Ritual to Read to Each Other." Well, for the past few days, I haven't been able to shake another poem by him that also feels like it should be shared. And so, here it is, for reasons that are not clear to me. Maybe you will know....
My name is John Edgar Heever, I am with the FBI. We are currently investigating a case of fraud, murder, money laundering and international drug smuggling, and as a result you are now under investigation.
As of this January, the AAR is not making any changes to the current Canon of Ethics but the organization is, however, sharing these observations which I'll paraphrase here:
until it was in my 4th former in the secondary school that i found english is interesting. i joined the school's debating team, challenged myself to go for the audition in the first place before being accepted by the teachers, and i start to do researches about certain issues in english articles and journals. i wrote the debate texts myself and helped others in need sometimes. but what i can tell you is that i dont like people who joined the debate just about to speak, not to understand what was he/she really saying, i mean, such a person like "hey, give me the complete text, i have my voice and confidence to speak, i dont need to do the research like you do"... yeah in the end, the people who thought and behaved such will answer "i am sorry but your question is inappropriate" during POI session. no offense please, i'm telling myself about this either. there are so much things in me to be improved too, apart from you yourself. =.=
NVIUS Blog (nviusblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Founders Centennial
I'd blame your stylist, but let's be honest with ourselves, the stylist of anyone whose wardrobe is comprised almost entirely of shirts that come three for $10 in a plastic bag probably killed him or herself long ago.
Since PEI is known for growing potatoes, how could I not resist making "Lemon-Scented Potato, Dill and Bacon Soup. In fact, It was super easy and delicious.
While I would like to do use this activity, I have yet to find a reasonably priced digital frame. However, I love the idea of using pictures of words made with magnetic letters. One day after school, I took photographs of words I made with magnetic letters.
VILLAIN OF THE YEAR (Last year’s winner was Emmett Scanlan, Hollyoaks)
But their plea was rejected by people who read articles instead of headlines.
The debate over seclusion and restraint practices has picked up steam following a 2009 U.S. Government Accountability Office report. It found hundreds of cases of alleged abuse and death of pupils related to seclusion and restraint practices over the past 20 years, mostly involving children with disabilities, and no federal laws on the books restricting the use of seclusion and restraint practices in public and private schools.
What you didn’t know is that I get to do super EGGciting activities like Easter bread baking and EGGography (I’ve just coined this word and it means “writing, stamping or drawing on eggs”) not for one, but for two weeks each year, as the Bulgarian Orthodox Church celebrates Easter according to the Julian, not the GrEGGorian, calendar and it is very rare that the two Easters coincide. So, we have two Easters in this family each year! What an EGGstravaganza! The Russians are even better off, because in addition to Easter, they also celebrate Christmas according to the Julian calendar, so that makes two Easters and two Christmases. I’d say, EGGregiously unfair! What do I do? I take a stance and I take an action, like this:
April means it’s time to plan my garden and start getting some yard maintenance done. I manage to get in a lick and a promise on housework and laundry, but never as much as I used to do when I was working full-time.
‘You know when you said we had to be more understanding about people with problems, like disabilities and such?’
Weeping
F: What can I say that hasn’t been said before? What’s the title of your book?
hero arts sentiment
Thank you to Marsha for organising her By Invitation Only party each month. If you would like to see what other bloggers have written on the theme of spring in the garden then pop on over and check the list.
“Both of them did not go out anywhere except to buy food,” said Gordon. “They didn’t play. They didn’t watch television. They didn’t do anything. There was nothing to do, and in England, in particular, they lived in a small seaside town that was kind of a forgotten place and everybody there was 80, so nobody did anything. The only thing there was for me to do was talk to them, and I realized not just by luck, at some point, early like 7 or 8 years old, that they had stories and that if I would unlock the door, they would entertain me.”
Showed me there was no spot
Or you could just choose an obvious name such as Trv Kvlt (for y'all metal dudes out there), Rancid Meat, The Destroyers, The AntiChryslers, The Dudes, Butch, We Just Sing or using your own God damn name.
Next, take your Mod Podge and podge up that tile. I used glossy, but you can certainly choose to do matte if you like. Carefully place your paper onto the podged (what a fun word) tile. You have a couple of precious seconds to play around with your paper to get it straightened out on the tile, but once those seconds are up, don't move it! Or you'll end up with a goopy, podgey mess. Wait a couple of minutes for the paper to stick to the tile and then podge the top of the paper. "Podge" may be my new favorite verb.
6) The Lord of The Rings Extended Edition, The Soundtracks and all of the books;
Something about the "alt" key makes the letters A and R the number 3. Don't try to understand it, but trust me, it's a disaster when I text left handed. A touch screen phone would be a big help- but I'm not sure that's in the budget right now.
“Amen, amen, I say to you, whoever does not enter a sheepfold through the gate but climbs over elsewhere is a thief and a robber.
Class 1
Assembly :
It seems DOGTV is committed to providing the necessary visual and auditory stimulation dogs require to remain happy, healthy, and hopefully out of the doghouse.
Oh, but doing your own French manicure... I don't know if I am alone in this or not, but I'm pretty sure they're impossible. I've tried the kits with the incredibly annoying strips that you put on, paint and peel off. I don't think I've gotten them on straight once and if I do manage, it bleeds underneath. Then there are those white nail polish "pens" made specifically to help you with the annoying task of drawing perfect white tips. Sometimes, I do the first nail and I know immediately that it's a bad idea. Those days are good, because you can wipe the one tip off and keep your polish. Other days, I do my entire left hand, think that my some miraculous intervention I've suddenly been given the skill of straight line drawing and then I move on to my right hand and I realize I am horribly mistaken. This turns out to be a horrible embarrassment.
I've never clung on over dip and bounce
What type of scenes do you find hardest to write?
Shoulder pain, in this case we will talk about the rotator cuff, is one of those issues that we see in our overhead athletes. Considering summer time is quickly approaching I would be willing to bet that many are amping up their benching, flys, 6 pack ab show, and bicep craziness early. Not to say that benching is bad or a nice set of guns is but the typical imbalance of training leads to something like shoulder issues and people keep wondering why. One awesome way to train the shoulder without pain (remember, do not train through pain..it’s flat out stupid) is through movements wherea strong grip is needed. Here are some smart choices that go from static to more dynamic.
…the Victoria train was coming in
A number of extremely worrying trends have been found during an investigation into 55 unnatural deaths in prisons in 2009. The Civil Society Prison Reform Initiative said one of the “top concerns” was that despite guilty findings at discliplinary hearings, not one correctional services official had been prosecuted in a criminal court in any of the unnatural death cases.
A new campaign that is part of Christy Turlington’s foundation ‘Every Mother Counts’ asks mothers to go silent and subvert the commercialization of Mother’s Day.
WORLD WAR WEB ADVISORY #4: S. 2105 CYBERSECURITY ACT OF 2012 A.K.A. THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK
I took biology in 10th grade. Every so often, my teacher would put an application question on our tests: “So and so is wrong with this patient. Here are his symptoms. What do you think is wrong with him?” I would write notes next to the questions asking for more like those. Yes, a bit nerdy. But we already know that about me.
"No kingdom can be secured otherwise than by arming the people. The possession of arms is the distinction between a freeman and a slave". - from "Political Disquisitions", 1774
In other news, my former teacher GOT ME INTO THE CLASS!!!! Yes, Friends, I will be graduating in December. Finally!
1) Massachusetts - 46% appealed (36% affirmed, 64% modified/reversed)
Congratulations Rachel! We'll be sending you our Guest Designer button and details on the next challenge very soon.
Take a look at the retreats available and choose the one you would benefit most from. To help you begin to relax before you arrive, a podcast of one of Vonetta’s yoga classes can be downloaded below.
For our whole-group mini lesson today my ESOL teacher and I team taught the Thought Bubble lesson. This week has been all about revealing what readers are thinking while reading text. Later during Daily 5, I caught these two lovebugs recreating the experience as they did Read to Someone (P.S. - this day was Pajama day). I couldn't resist snapping their photo. I'm thinking about replacing the "Checks for Understanding" with smaller versions of the thought bubbles.
Cost-free Good quality Search engine optimisation website for newcomers and innovative end users.
You’re Mickey Mouse.
Aquafina Pure Water 16.9FL.OZ (1.05 PT) 500mL
-Red Title Match: TBD
Comfort is defined as a condition or feeling of pleasurable ease.
charlie here looks like i feel. he’s such a good dog.
Well – no offense, but … – if it takes them THREE MONTHS to evaluate something like 2 pages of text AND the results much be “covered up” allows me ONLY to conclude, that “they” are neither confident about their work, not competent.
I love the photo Steven Withrow chose of the wall and ceiling of an old basilica or mosque, and the lines from his poem "Cornered":
For the record, we unilaterally pulled out of Gaza in 2005. We destroyed beautiful communities - our own - and what we got in exchange (as many of us expected), were rockets - hundreds, thousands of rockets - raining down on our cities, our homes, our children...and you tell me THEY are tired. Wait, we also got a bunch of supposed human rights activists who don't seem to know their elbow from their....well, a bunch of you people who fall for their lies again and again.
21. Blubber: Judy Blume
Aside from asthma and allergy, I was a healthy woman. I’d never, ever, once fainted in my life. But the shocks to my system that night hit too hard. A poisonous gift, a nasty note, knowledge I didn’t want of my husband’s cheating ways, and a gorgeous, younger man, telling me he considered me amazing… The zing I felt in my tummy from his touch did me in.
I hope President Noynoy Aquino refrain from cracking his dry, boring, uninteresting jokes about beautiful women and his love life. I am not interested to know his love life; and many of us – Filipinos – don’t care about it. I would like to hear him talking about the affairs of the state than his personal affairs.
Model: 4663601
Everyone toss someone a Peace Frisbee today! Soak it in sunshine if you have some around...Pass on some Peace today...invite someone to the blog...take a peace pic...pass it on. Lather, Rinse, Repeat.
Here is the letter that Chamille wrote to the mother of her friend that ran away after we received this lovely email, which was sent to me and the parent of another kid that had been involved...
I won't try to summarise in full here. THis is the Twitter log as addressed to Robert and Richard:
April 21
An antique table would look fabulous (instead of the island), but this island has tons of storage. I like that. So the island is most likely staying, but we might make it a bit longer and add seating (though I wouldn't want to lose the bookcase--always something when you remodel, right?).
I have never been prejudice when it comes to love or matters of the heart. The one common trait that the women I've approached was that they were women. For me it was never about bedding them, it was about exploring possibilities, engaing in the pursuit, and venturing into the newness. Although the reasons mentionned before were always at the core, there was always a hint of being a lover of life, and student of growth that ha importance in the relationships made.
The boys have been asking to get pumpkins for Halloween. We only have one pie pumpkin from the farm this year. The winter squash crop didn't do so well. I suppose I'll have to find a place to buy a couple of decent carving pumpkins, preferably locally grown that don't cost a fortune.
Well, I am one day from getting back to the beach now from my offshore platform. The manager had me slated for going in early b/c of some extra workers coming out to the platform, but they were delayed two days. Thankfully, I'm less than 18 hours away from being on the helicopter, and hopefully no one will try to make me stay the last two days. I'm whispering on the radio like the guy on the Hotel Rwanda movie (stay alert, stay aware).
and in 2012, there is an IGR
Why am I excited? I really don’t know. It’s all rather confusing at the moment, so I took a look inside the book.
Tree Skirt for Norma
But all the R&D breakthroughs and experience gained with the B-2 project proved useful to them when developing the F-22 Raptor and F-35 Lightning II - and it will stand them in good stead for the future too.
An earth tremor measuring 4.6 shook the house for about 5 seconds (though it seemed like a minute at the time) and loudly rattled all the special beer glasses on the special beer glass shelf.
We actually did 1 year pictures the weekend before with a smash cake and he was hilarious. We will get those soon from Mallory Krieger Photograhy. Thanks Mal. :)
This is what was most exciting for my hubs. Can you tell that this drill is brand new? This was the first piece of brand spankin' new farm equipment that my hubs has got "break in". It would be comparable to driving a brand new car off the lot.....oh that is not exciting for you.....how about a brand new Coach purse????
And so instead of curling into the fetal position and crying myself to sleep like I admit having considered on Friday I decided to celebrate the coming of the fall and Halloween and all that is good in life. Life is full of spice, just like these muffins (that are really cupcakes in disguise, minus the mess because the frosting is on the inside), with a rich and sweet heart.
Recently, Nicole, our number one babysitter, invited us to her friends' house so that Helen and Mason could make a snowman, and we could have a mimosa break. I start with the invitation because Nicole is that kind of awesome. In truth, I seriously cannot remember the last time Grey and I actually hired Nicole, but she has remained our friend. She has come over for Chinese, and stopped by just to see our kids, and she brings them presents, and texts us greetings on birthdays and holidays. Helen worships her. We've met her dad.
CFR Director Stephen Friedman worked for Goldman Sachs, which is run
The awesome thing about our hotel was that, right off of the dock, were quite a few starfish. You could clearly see them hanging out on the seafloor.
Focus your training for the next 6-9 months on that distance. You cannot train the way you always have. You cannot just add distance or just add some speed work and expect to be setting PRs in a few weeks. Train for it. Learn how to race it. Get your race tactics and pacing down. Only then will you know how good you really can be at any given distance.
Welcome to what I affectionately call this room, The White Trash Bedroom. :)
You know when your honorable mention list includes names like Mike Singletary, Patrick Willis, Levon Kirkland, Zach Thomas, and Hardy Nickerson, you are probably gonna generate some heated debate. Willis may one day be on the Top Five list, time will tell. The five that are on the list were all game changers and some of the hardest hitting and most feared/respected players during their careers. The linebacker’s job is a multifaceted one. Sometimes you have to focus on the run, sometimes you have to drop into coverage. At all times you have to be ready to bring the heat violently though. Here are my choices for the top five linebackers of my generation:
So I decided to make a set of the wonderful new Valentine stamps, text stamps and dies available from December 7th HERE
Place chicken breasts, 1 at a time, between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Squirt chicken lightly with water and squirt the top of the plastic wrap as well. Pound to no less than 1/8-inch thickness. Season each piece of chicken with salt and pepper.
“Excuse me?” She asked with sincere confusion in her voice.
Winter in Scandinavia is certainly on retreat, even though it might still leave us in dust of snow as it gives up its reign.
He bristled. "I'm a Texas Ranger."
All along she had been asking to PRAY with Emily. She was right, I simply did not "get it!" I never cease to stand in awe of what our children will teach us. Maybe we need to listen a little closer, hug a little deeper, walk a little slower to be sure we are "hearing" our little ones. Emily was genuinely touched by her sister's thoughtfulness...a thoughtfulness that is buried some days in the depths of a heart that has taken literally two years to soften. But, on this, first day back, Hannah carefully searched her own heart to bless her sister. A nice way to begin a new year, don't you think?
I was in such a rush I didn't realise there were rain splatters on the camera until I downloaded the picture.
The "young" feeling of this book and its protagonist that give it so much energy and humor sometimes drag it down with a bit of sad isolated artist syndrome. Danny simultaneously envies the warm acceptance in the homey kitchen of his best friend's wife Emma (who he can't mention without describing as chubby), but also feels he is too artistic, different, and special, to ever have that kind of comfort. I think these are the conclusions of a young artist who needs to feel like his successes and romances and life is much different from all the ordinary people he sees around him (the ending scene of the book really backs this up). If I read this book when I was 18 I would have been cheering for Danny the whole way. Reading it as a 35 year old makes some of his artistic antics a little annoying.
MAY 15: Tolpuddle has been told by a senor planning officer that Spaghetti Junction will almost certainly be approved by WDDC apparatchiks (no councillors involved, as usual) on the grounds of “improved road safety.” No surprises there, perhaps. What may surprise some is the officer’s assessment of Mr Wood, whom he has known and dealt with for years. “He’s quite a surprising man in some ways, with all sorts of talents you might not expect. He’s got a rock crusher which he brought over from Holland. It seemed beyond repair but he stripped it down and rebuilt himself and now it functions again – quite a feat. He’s got a rough reputation, I know. I think he had quite a hard life when younger; but when you talk to him for any length of time he can become quite a different person – a bit of a sweetie really. Most people forgot that what he does for the council highways department is pretty important work and you’ve got to admit that his place outside Walditch, tucked away up the lane, doesn’t intrude on most people using Firch Lane to the A35.
The image is stamped with Memento Tuxedo Black and coloured with Copic marker numbers G00; B02 & B05 (my absolute favourite colours!)
9/2 Virginia Beach, VA- American Music Festival
When the real estate agent first showed us the house we’ve been living in for the past 19 years, she said, “It’s got a really valuable Japanese maple.” At the time I didn’t know a Japanese maple from an English bulldog.
Things were much more pleasing on the follow-up single - hey, if a remake worked, let's release TWO of them as a medley! - a melding of the Phil Spector classics "Then He Kissed Me/Be My Baby". Imagine seeing this on "American Idol":
The other day I was browsing through one of my favorite Jane Brody cookbooks, Jane Brody's Good Food Gourmet, and came upon a recipe for cinnamon-toasted nuts. I had bought a bag of wonderful whole almonds at a terrific price a couple of weeks ago, and had been wondering just how to use them other than snacking on them plain. Jane's recipe calls for both almonds and hazelnuts, and uses double the quantity that I used. I chose to only make half the recipe because I wanted to be able to use some of my almonds for something else.
of the lit bush, to a brightness
I know I am not alone.
So if you like op shopping look out for me – I’ll be in the mattress section.
We asked Not Like Anyone Else to go out on a limb
so where’s my sounding board? or am i allowed one?
03 Polly Wolly Doodle
At 9 Pm, my friends asked me to come in the hall and I saw a big black coloured cake with writings in white “Happy Birthday Abhi”... They somehow came to know about my birthday and gathered to celebrate it. They concluded the day with celebrations that I would remember for years to come. Followed by video sessions ended the day.
“I’m getting to that,” she said. “Once we got back here, Aryc was supposed to meet and kill Darky. Aryc has been working for Lou Jo Wanderberg. But Aryc’s a free agent. Lou Jo I don’t think realizes that. Darky has proposed bringing Aryc aboard his operation and having Aryc replace Lou Jo as the European distributor.”
To give your business card the “Five Quarter Test”, take one of your cards and lay it across the top of a container with an opening at the top that is approximately 2½ inches across, about the size of a juice glass. Lay a stack of five quarters on top of the middle of your card, directly above the opening of the container. If your card bends significantly down toward the inside of the container, or if – worse yet – the quarters actually fall into the glass, your card is too thin to compete with sturdier business cards communicating a more professional image. Undoubtedly, some of those heavier cards are being distributed by your competitors to your prospective customers and referral sources.
Last Wednesday I went to my Ob-Gyn. I had no intention of sharing these feelings with her. However, a routine examination turned into a complete emotional breakdown. She was concerned that if these emotions aren't resolved before I give birth, I would have higher chances of slipping into a postpartum depression. She suggested that I try to relax more. She also said that we could try antidepressants but that she would prefer to keep that particular mode of treatment as a last resort. I don't want to be on antidepressants while pregnant! So what am I to do?
The Dramatic Entry:
(I know I sound like an asshole for complaining, and in a way I am, considering that we've escaped a lot of complications. But I don't want to pretend like this pregnancy has been a cakewalk.)
Certainly our own experiences would count for nothing except it is related to Paul’s gospel, the gospel of the grace of God. Were one to say today that he saw the Lord or that He said certain things to him, it would count for nothing. The Word of God is our sole authority. If there is more than God’s revealed word, the Bible ceases to be God’s word.
I don't even want to teach her the alphabet. Firstly, she's only 3 and doesn't require it for a long time. Secondly, it's not my preferred method for teaching reading (sounds being superior to letter names).
Here is the bottom of the china cabinet, which will be my server since it fits so nicely under my sunroom windows. Luckily they are the same length and shape, one is just several inches shorter than the other.
16. Bring The Boys Back Home (2:16)
By the time they finalised their ‘classic’ lineup they had been joined by guitarist and musical polymath Mario Millo, whose compositions pushed the band to a more symphonic sound and huge popularity. It also helped that he was a wicked guitar player, playing a lush, romantic style that fitted beautifully with the band’s musical soundworld.
Reuben: God
Once she’s in the correct location, I pet her and speak very softly to her to let her know what a good girl she is. If she moves and I can’t correct her hind end from the mounting block, we calmly walk a circle and come back to it. This only takes two or three tries before she stands like a statue. Then I use my hands to put weight on the saddle; if that goes well then I put my foot in the stirrup and weight it on and off. It’s almost like working with a green horse that is being introduced for the first
Pour into the cooled crust; cover with plastic wrap and chill until firm.
So there’s my ‘B’ word. ‘B’ for Bluestocking.
Conkeldurr looks like an old man. Its English and Japanese name both alude to it (“elder” in Conkeldurr, and “ro” = old man in Roubushin). Yet it can be female 25% of the time. It has very small legs and feet, and looks to be leaning on those concrete blocks like a crutch. Yet its Pokedex entry says they can swing the pillers in battle, which makes me wonder how their tiny legs can support such weight XD
I thought my mom was perfect when I was very young, as I’m sure every young girl does. To me, she was kind to all, strong, willful, and self-assured. One Sunday, I must have been no older than 7 or 8, all the adults were mingling after church in the lobby, and I heard her gossiping with someone about another person. My mom, gossiping! My idea of her came crashing down. I realized no one is perfect, that if my mother gossips, the world must not have one person who is solely good. The world is evil, I realized.
All in all, 3 polar ice picks out of 5. Points lost for shoutiness, and making me come over all faint.
Looking back on week two I'm expecting a lot less than week one, partly because I had a complete day off.
And although we had adopted Kiddo as our 3rd cat but right now at the beginning of this year we think we might say good bye to one of our cat, Ucil. He has been sick for the last month because he's old. He turns so skinny and looks really tired even though he still eat normally. His hairs were falling out and when he sleeps he seems like a very tired old man. Poor Ucil. The last time we saw him was at new year's eve, right under the dinner table. And after that we never saw him again until this moment. God bless his warm and kind heart...
She made almost everything I ever wore until I was old enough to want "store-bought" - silly me. She made Halloween costumes for myself and my cousin - costumes that competed against each other and took both first and second prizes that year.
If calling from outside the United States, dial first the International Area Code
- collect benefits from Czech government
Not one of you from within the Islamic Kingdom of Great Britain who wants to live under the Sharia or who is seeking to live under the Sharia within our Country has any place here upon our land living in our civilized Judeo/Christian society anymore. That Islamic view and way of life, is in no way conducive to our peaceful civilized progressive British society and way of life, so if this is a thought that you have in your Moslem mind then the next thought must be; what Country shall I move too? Then make the steps that you need to make to leave our Country and civilized Western Judeo/Christian Nation and enter the ‘modern dark age’ in a foreign Islamic land somewhere else before it is too late for you here because you will never cover this land and our children with the darkness and oppression of Islam.
Wed 10/29 Dallas, TX House of Blues
& yesenia
wrote superbly in Amharic,
The Epicurious list continues with a bunch of variations on creamed spinach, whereas Marmiton has lots of 'cake' or 'tarte' recipes.
49. It was the day my grandmother exploded. —Iain M. Banks, The Crow Road (1992)
But she chose my brother instead and now they are living happily ever after.
The Chevrolet Volt OnStar smartphone application is designed to enhance the overall Volt ownership experience with interaction and control never offered before on any electric vehicle.
In the USA, patents can be held unenforceable if the applicant did not deal candidly with the patent examiner. This is a doctrine similar to the principle of ‘unclean hands’.
The group enjoyed modest success as a British Blues band during the late 1960′s and early part of the 1970′s. One of the groups early members was singer Bob Welch, who after leaving the band, would go on to have a few minor solo hits here in the US with “Ebony Eyes” and “Sentimental Lady”.
When I read Nick Cross' blog about being stuck in Teenage Town despite being a full-blown adult, I had to smile. I have spent the last few days in the house I grew up in. You know, with Christmas and all that, my husband and I spent nearly two weeks in my childhood home in Germany, back with my parents and my younger brother. Being amongst my childhood stuff toys and playing video games with my brother (Dance Central on Xbox 360 + Kinect, if you care about such things), I could swear I turned into a teen again! The clock probably started rewinding in England already, when it snowed several inches a week or two before Christmas. I looked out of the door, and saw this white carpet that lay before me. I was still in what I would call my 'lounge wear' - old tracksuit bottoms & old sweater - and slowly made my way out into the fresh snow. I suddenly had the urge to feel the white powder beneath my sneakers with my bare feet. I looked toward my left and then, my right. No one there. So I did it! If you want to know how it felt like... it really was like stepping on ice-cold powder. Like you've put a bottle of baby powder into the freezer over night, spread it onto the floor, and stepped onto it. That's how it was. I told my husband what I did, and he started wondering about my mental age. Around that time, I was also mistaken by a lady (who was probably not more than ten years older than me) for a girl who goes to school with her son. Yes, school!!! Then, the bus driver suddenly started offering me a 'student ticket'...
Sometime between 1866 and 1872, Eugene began buying up portions of “Block 80,” between Seventh and Eighth and Guadalupe and San Antonio. He purchased the Greek Revival home of Dr. William Phillips, which had been designed by Abner Cook in 1854, and sat on the northeast corner of the block. Eugene later added a wing to the back of the house.
Our hope had been to get new flooring down before our furniture was moved in, but this became impossible when our closing date kept getting pushed back.
I started writing in my blog when I attended a cake designing class last August. When the lesson ended, I decided it would be a great idea if I share what I learned to the world. So that’s when I decided to create a blog about desserts and other stuff I want to share with the world. I put more and more blog posts, and people started to recognise me.
Brauerei Gebruder Maisel was founded in Germany in 1887. The company is run by Jeff Maisel, the fourth generation of the family to be involved with the brewery. The company launched Maisel's Weisse in 1955 and today it is one of the largest selling Weisse beers in Bavaria.
“Kṛṣṇa, who is known as Govinda, is the Supreme Godhead. He has an eternal, blissful, spiritual body. He is the origin of all. He has no other origin, and He is the prime cause of all causes.”
White veil clinging to graying hair
Euclid Hall - Great beer list plus beer oriented cuisine. They make sausage, pickles and mustard in house and have a large if pricey bottle list that usually includes some rare stuff.
I Dream Of Jeannie
‘Defense spending goes up — breaking those caps; nondefense funds are cut an additional $27 billion under allocations approved last week. “Blah, blah, blah,” Boehner said dismissively of White House protests. But the speaker has hurt his credibility and risks another shutdown crisis unless he reverses himself again before Oct. 1′.
Did not appear until he was seven, finishing fourth in a chase at Newcastle on debut for Paul Murphy in January
How do you extend the life of your kids clothes?
“I’m working downtown, tomorrow. You mentioned you were too. I can have lunch at 12:30.”
a) author(s), b) affiliation, c) email address, d)
Monteith’s Lively Pilsner NZ 330ml 5% ABV
Especially today, as it is exactly 396 years since he died. It’s also roughly 448 years since he was born (lots of people will try to tell you he was born on April 23rd as well. As far as I’ve ever discovered, this is merely hypothesis. He was definitely baptised on April 26th, so it’s probable that he was born on the 23rd, but not certain. However, it fits with the patriotic image, and it’s quite neat to have him dying on his birthday, if a little morose, so we’ll let that rest).
Not only is Sarah an amazing interior designer, but she is also a TV personality that hails from Canada. Currently she has a show on HGTV called Sarah’s House On the Farm.
without leaving
Shawn and I are really starting to bond with our son. Until now, we've been hesitant to let those tender feelings actually overtake us. Now we're letting it sink in and just happen.
I’ve just started watching some episodes of VeggieTales with my boys and I’ve seen this to be true. Do the episodes teach valuable lessons of morality? Yes, but the lessons, if never supported by the Christian message, come up empty. Without the Gospel, lessons in humility, obeying your parents, and using your gifts become efficient ways to scrub up the outside of our kids so they look Christian without being Christian. It is true that parents can in no way save their kids, but we can give them the Gospel that is “the power of God for salvation to everyone who believes” (Romans 1:16). Our kids need to know that the Gospel is what gives heart, power, and purpose to morality, and most importantly, that morality doesn’t make them Christian, but proves that Jesus made them Christian (if they believe).
That’s all I have to say. Belated Happy Valentines!
and while sometimes that means that life is easy going,
New EP “Variations of Static” will be released in North America 8. July 2008. US release of his Debut Album “Eulogy for Evolution” 22. July.
Now I just need to do my yoga and then my mom will be totally proud of me.
The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks
Sleep: Awful, thanks to the stupid bed I've been sleeping on this week. I took a nap on the couch this morning and wondered why I hadn't been sleeping on it all week.
Singaporean fans of K-pop idol groups SHINee, B1A4, Teen Top, and 7.9.4.2 can catch them in person this June when they head down for a group concert.
For me, the hardest part has been dealing with her defiant attitude, and love/hate relationship with me. During the first two days, she told me she liked/loved me in both Spanish and English. Then it went downhill. We had a few all out battles, the biggest ones about nap time. She needs her naps still, so this was an area I was unrelenting in. The good part was that once the battle was over and she was in her bed, she was asleep within five minutes. Perhaps though the trauma of not getting her way and having someone stand up to her (a new experience for her it seems) has not helped our bonding. She starting only wanting my hubby to help her, play with her, do things with her. He mentioned also that pretty much all the English speaking people in her life so far have been “bad” in her eyes (like the previous foster family, her worker, etc) and since I speak more English than Spanish, it’s easy for that fear/dislike to spread over to me. Of course, I’m quite strong willed myself and sometimes instead of being creative I just give a command, which immediately sets up a win/lose situation instead of a win/win option. Really trying to work on that one. Of course, all the progress we had made and the routines we had established would all be rocked when we added three more girls to the mix!
Everest was a giant 15 foot tall muddy quarter pipe that we had to run up. After I stretched out my calves I ran up it and barely made it with the help of a stranger. I biffed it on the other side though where it was about a 60 degree slope into a thin layer of hay.
The central point of the city is their temple to the Light and its users, called the Cathedral. It is one of the tallest buildings in the city. Its bells wake me every morning, chiming the time for the city.
Thanks for visiting, I'll have another one for you soon!! :)
New songs, like “Breakable,” “It Snowed” and “Christmas Kiss,” show off Smith’s agreeable ability to marry older jazz styles with new pop ones into infectious tunes, while older ones, like “Silver Bells,” reveal a talent for reinterpretation that takes old tropes and shines them in a new glittery light. That usually somber song comes to life with the mood of a jaunty stroll on a winter evening — happy and more indicative of the lyrics than many versions, an urban adventure.
When the Truth comes to light, the dark agenda members will be surprised to learn that what they succumbed to for so centuries was simply that of being servants to malevolent ‘gods’, so to speak. Keep in mind these are not “gods”. These reptilians are simply only lower vibration, 4th dimensional beings – with different natural capabilities & greater technical knowledge than us people of Earth. They ARE NOT “gods”.
Also, lots of Usborne-related shows and activities. I am halfway to winning an iPad, which I have coveted for AGES. Not that my 4 year old will ever let me use it.
The Three Benefits of Reaching Out — Socially and Strategically
And when it all goes right, the energy of a performance, flowing in a continuous feedback loop from performer to audience and back again, is what drives those thrilling moments that can only be experienced in live theatre.
Dodds was one of two Kentuckians named finalists for this prestigious award. WKU was one of 292 universities that nominated students for the Truman Scholarship, which is open to juniors dedicated to a career in public service, recognizes service and leadership and provides funding for graduate education.
"No, I just felt sorry for you standing there all by yourself".
Based on U.S. Energy Department data, I assume a total of 11,138 spent fuel assemblies are being stored at the Daiichi site, nearly all of which is in pools. They contain roughly 336 million curies (~1.2 E+19 Bq) of long-lived radioactivity. About 134 million curies is Cesium-137 – roughly 85 times the amount of Cs-137 released at the Chernobyl accident as estimated by the U.S. National Council on Radiation Protection (NCRP). The total spent reactor fuel inventory at the Fukushima-Daiichi site contains nearly half of the total amount of Cs-137 estimated by the NCRP to have been released by all atmospheric nuclear weapons testing, Chernobyl, and world-wide reprocessing plants (~270 million curies or ~9.9 E+18 Becquerel).
aka big ass fosters.
A new app seeks to protect user privacy while surfing the Internet, providing a solution to growing consumer privacy concerns.
Bath Melts Tutorial
When I arrived, the seating area of Gloria Jean’s seemed like a lovely living room, with many of my favorite bloggeristas having a great time and sipping the warm coffee prepared by Danderma :D It was really cozy!
But I admit, it's hard to spend so much time behind a computer when spring is really lovely right now--so I make sure to take one or two walks a day. Over the weekend, MP went with me for part, and he grabbed shots of my get up while pushing through the field. Then, when the walk is over, I try to spend some time with Dixie the horse because she seems to be pretty lonely right now. I can't tell what's changed, but something has--for the first time, she's walking right up to me to be petted. She's a very skittish creature, so before this, she's only let me touch her when a fence securely separated her from me. Now, she lets me brush her. I take the shoe-shine brush from my closet (that never got applied to shoes) and stroke her all over--and that's working so well, a real horse brush is in order. I have no idea where the landlords keep theirs.
Within ten minutes or so, I received a tweet from the bank, asking me to follow them so they could DM me to discuss the issue. While my specific complaint (the very rude woman who works at the branch and shouldn’t ever be allowed to deal with the public) wasn’t resolved to my satisfaction, they did take steps to ensure I was able to have access to my money. They took additional steps, including waiving my banking fees, to make up for my very negative experience. Given the professionalism of the social media team, I was willing to give the bank another shot (with the caveat that I would NEVER deal with their Yonge/Eglinton branch ever again).
This is a seminal moment for Kings County. But the major pomp and celebration of the resurrection, and relaunch of pro sports in Brooklyn is largely still ahead of us. That will all be handled with concerts at Barclays Center; a pre-season hockey game between the New Jersey Devils and the New York Islanders; and a few other select events. Then Opening Night for the Nets will arrive and.....
It's a beautiful service. We sing "Were You There," our pastor gives a meditation/message, and then 4 of us read parts of Scripture that told the story of Good Friday. There is a brief singing response after each reading as a candle on the alter is extinguished.
05. Rising Sun - Beggar & Co / 4:53
I’ve mentioned this before, but most times when I go for a walk I don’t have a firm plan on where exactly I will be going. I have a general idea, but not a specific route in mind. I basically wing it based on a set of predefined routes. This is true especially in the morning walks, unless I’m feeling real good and want to go further still. I’ve talked about the affect of mood in one of my DF’s, but when I am feeling real good, a three mile walk (my normal morning distance) just isn’t far enough. The problem is, where do I go?
Do nothing but stamp crossly on you.
With 100,000 Afrikaners in the Free State, this represents an attack rate of 17.24 per capita for this small ethnic minority – which represents only one-third of the total FS population.
We had a perfect day at the zoo today where we met some new friends. (I love all of the sweet people God has been placing in our lives as a direct result of my sweet Nora–people I might never have met.) Early this morning in prayer and conversation with God, I told Him that I wanted to hear a lion roar at the zoo. If you’ve ever had the experience of hearing a lion roar in person, it is nothing short of incredible! The power of it shakes through your entire body and can be heard up to 5 miles away! You can physically feel the sound of it. It wasn’t that I was testing God or that I doubt Him. I just wanted some tangible, obvious reassurance that He hears me and that He’s here with me. We saw some sleepy lions this afternoon, none of which had anything to roar about. Never at any point was I disappointed or upset about not hearing a lion roar. I KNOW God is with me, I KNOW He hears me. It wasn’t until just now that I read this particular Bible verse that I even remembered my request.
Being a baseball fan is worth it. It’s worth the hours you spend in front of your television screaming at umpires, or your catcher, or your team’s manager. It’s worth the obsessive thinking about stats and lineups and injuries.
No one can say for sure, but my opinion is that female Colorado Springs Police Officer Sydney Huffman is a lying cunt pig of the highest order. Just look at her picture – she looks like a stuck up bitch full of herself. Now imagine her with a badge and a gun, and on the rag, a woman scorned.
A few days ago, my husband and I were invited to a Halloween party. I already had a costume picked out...I love Halloween, I dress up every year...party or NO party, lol. But Matt didn't really have anything in mind. So I went to Kmart and bought 2 cheap sweatshirts and came up with...a FLYING MONKEY! This process has probably been done for many a school play or dress up, but here's my process.
Judy Balan plots the story of an Indian married couple, a Punjabi boy (an IITian-IIMA aspiring to be a popular best-selling writer) with a Tamilian girl (a student of English turned psychotherapist), how they fell in love, plotted to convince their parents, their wedding, their marriage and their divorce. In between, how Indian families in general react to such a two state marriage, their insecurities and fears and the like.
Welcome to the future. Humanity has colonized the solar system - Mars, the Moon, the Asteroid Belt and beyond - but the stars are still out of our reach.
Perhaps the most outrageous news is that in spite of her vows of celibacy, the Born-Again-Virgin is going to live with her boyfriend of more than one year, Gino Paoletti. Bristol describes Gino as a “good guy” even though he has made racist remarks and disparaged those with Down’s Syndrome. Bristol is the same woman who has been a proponent of abstinence-only education. Now the “ambassador” of abstinence, who has had a child out of wedlock, is going to live with a boyfriend of over a year, all the while proclaiming herself to be a “Born-Again-Virgin.” It is unclear at this point if this “Trial Marriage” will be successful. Gino may not be happy being married to a “Born-Again-Virgin.” My only hope is that Bristol discloses to Tripp’s preschool teacher that she is a virgin, and that Gino is not Tripp’s dad, his dad is the one that “stole” her virginity during the camping trip, and that it is purely coincidence that Tripp shares his name with the woman who has written a book about her pimp, Grandpa Palin.
Tried to renew Mrs. Rats meds but Sams Club didn't have enough pills on hand to do it. Got to go back tomorrow. 7 Medications x 3 months worth!!!! Insurance pays 75% so it ain't to bad.
Click on the image below to go to my 4shared account to download the PNG file, and leave some love if you like my work :)
Is what keeps me alive,
Those of my patients that are not religious are typically secular. Despite what you hear in conservative churches, most people are not turning to “New Age” religions. People just sort of end up “undefined” without a formalized worldview. They either believe in God or a Higher Power or they don’t. We die the way we live.
In 1915, he teamed with Alice and Baldwin “Baldie” Cooke to form the “the Stan Jefferson trio”. This knockabout team followed very much the same formula as the Keystones (without the silent film star rip-off) with a sketch called “the Crazy Cracksman” they worked the Proctor, Fox, and Pantages circuits for two years.
"It's not bragging if you can back it up."
Cute. Cute. Little baby.
When asked what I wanted to get out of PT, my response was “I need to learn to walk again…I have been limping for so long now, compensating for the constant pain, that I don’t know how to walk…” I learned that I’m doing a bit of a shuffle, my stride is too short, and I’m not swinging my arms!! I’m not really sure I’ve ever known how to walk, now that I think about it. So, I will be working on walking correctly!
X Proposed budget and detailed cost estimates by professionals;
a) Chair a committee
*Available in sizes 0-6 months, 12 mos., 2T, and 3T...available as a sewing shirt for the bigger girls up to 5T. $30 for the combo...$15 for the dress only...see my etsy shop at right to order!
brand of detergent, etc. etc.
As they were speaking, according to Acts 4:1,
If I get it done, I do. If not, that’s OK too. I’ll just keep working at it and do what I can. The rest will happen in its time; things always do. Time is a funny thing. We all have that same amount of it in a day; some us just make better use of it than others. I lived in New Orleans for a long time and one of the many things my co-workers and I said to each other those days we had to work 15-16 hour days was:
Happy Easter!!!
If you don't have a blog but would like to enter please send an e-mail with you card attached to
ethers churn
I also made them at my sister´s party but half of them were chocolate donuts.
As I gear up for spring and summer, I checked out Borealis on http://www.wine-searcher.com/ to see if it's locally available and I found a few stores near me that carry it. I was also pleased to find that at $10 - $15, it could make a good everyday white. Moreover, with its medium body and good acidity, it's something that could pair with something a little heavier than seafood.
You will note, up to this point, I have chosen not to name any of those involved. Their names can be found via links in this article, and are easy to find, however, I don't consider their identities to be relevant to the points I am making, nor is it fair to name them again three and a half years after the event. The defendants names have been aired in public so often that they will forever be associated with a crime they did not commit, and I will not add to that injustice. Even the false accuser, who may well be mentally ill, is only relevant in so far as she made the allegations and those allegations were proved false, whether those allegations were made though malice or madness is of no significance.
I am so glad that I had a go at blogging and I will continue to read the blogs that I have always enjoyed following. Maybe, if I do have a blog again, it will just focus on my leathercraft and be linked to my Etsy shop and that's all. For now though, can I say a huge thank you for dropping by, leaving comments and giving me this little corner plot in cyberspace.
I’ve had them injured, burned, scarred, nearly frozen… I’ve written them in the daze of grief, the shuddering breaths of relief, the silence acceptance of abandonment.
The 3 girls get a hold of some papers and a kindle reader belonging to Tommy. His kindle has books and pictures of Angels and his papers are also full of drawings of angels. What could this mean? And why did Allison see an angel in her window? And whats with the strange fog that seems to be following the girls.
Java…has become synonymous with coffee. There are many variations…here are just a few descriptions of one of the most popular go to drinks!
Of course when I dared take a closer look I could see the base of the pinky finger -- the round ball of the bone where it met and rotated inside the cup-like joint of my hand.
In the meantime, these were taken a while ago, and I forgot to share these! Stills from our cupcake making and baking ‘factory’ in Montreal at my cousin’s house. A great day of fun filled icing licking, bowl licking and eating of actual cupcakes!
When new student, Jason, shows up, Sofia's world is turned upside down. She doesn't understand why he wants to befriend her so badly... And, just when she thinks she can trust him, trouble appears.
So, this morning, after I dragged my butt out of bed and I woke up my three youngest (the older three had already gotten ready and left for school), I trudged over to the couch where I lay back down under a mound of blankets. Ten more minutes, I thought to myself. I've got ten more minutes to lie here like a slug before I have to get up.
We've just linked up with Passionfruit Ads to manage our sponsors, and I couldn't be happier about making the connection. It's neat and streamlined...chic and organized! Just the way I like it!
And of course I mixed a little Vampire-y Goth-y-ness into this cake, check out the black lace work and that ruby onyx gem stone, LOVIT!
By and large this depends on the market. If I have lots of commissions going through and there is other work on my desk that is more finished and more suitable for publishers, I am unlikely to take time out to resurrect something that needs work. Also, as I mentioned earlier, a detailed edit is likely to conflict with the edit that the publisher’s editor will undertake later, so it can be counter productive.
Modern Gun – Zones 1, 1A, 2, 3, 6, 6A, 7, 8, 8A, 10 and 11: Nov. 10-Dec. 2. Zone 4: Nov. 10-11. Zone 5: Nov. 10-11 and Nov. 17-18. Zones 4A, 5A, 14 and 15: Nov. 10-Dec. 9. Zones 4B and 5B: Nov. 10-18. Zones 9, 12 and 13: Nov. 10-Dec. 16. Zone 16, 16A and 17: Nov. 10-Dec. 25.
Allot of noise is being made of late about the rich and the levels of tax they pay. David Cameron wish’s to see a return of a society where the rich pay towards helping the poor more.
9. Meatball
Robert Alexander, author of The Kitchen Boy, visits South High School in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Welcome to my post this week for Metamorphosis Monday! Thanks to Susan of Between Naps on the Porch for hosting this weekly event where we see what amazing transformations are going on in Blogland!
I only found four eggs today.
I banned airsoft guns two weeks before the wedding so we wouldn't have unsightly welts across their faces. (For those of you that don't know, airsoft guns are the newer, more powerful versions of BB guns.)
I guess when you’re 17, though, maybe you do.
In 1840 Kyoto, Japan, a Samurai warrior catches his wife bedding down with another man. Enraged, he cuts them both down and then kills himself harikari style. These spirits, unable to rest, are still going strong some 130 years later when an American family moves in.
Opening with some tranquil shots of an unnamed jungle, Jess Franco (Eugénie de Sade) quickly ushers us into the soft and squishy realm of feminine hygiene. Implying from the get-go that's there's a huge discrepancy between Greta's day-to-day life and that of the "patients" under her care, we're treated to a duel bathing sequence. On the one hand, we see Greta soaking in a tub without a care in the world; her massive jugs are covered with frothy bubbles. And at the other end of the bathing spectrum, we have a group of woman showering with low-grade soap as two burly female guards gawk at them. How burly were the guards, you ask? Well, let's just say, if my head happened to become lodged between either one of their chunkier-than-usual thighs (don't ask me how it got in there), the chances of me being rescued would have been pretty slim, as my screams for help would have been muffled by at least five or six undulating layers of pale, vein-covered flab.
I have recently started playing Battlefield 3, i purchased it abit late but i'm really enjoying it after the patch that fixed a few major issues, there are still some bugs but overall the game is great,and i'm really enjoying it!
ewww, i googled this, lol, but as you can see, raunchy stature, poorly applied makeup, ugly weaves, etc.
Good morning everyone.... this is the last Fall To Layout sketch on the Clean and Simple Stamping blog for a few weeks... the design team is taking a few weeks off and we'll be back in the New Year with some more of Natasha's great sketches....
It’s a super cool idea. Kudos!
My tenant had let her boyfriend move in with her, and he told me to my face that he had been living there for 15 months without his name on the Lease and that his girlfriend shouldn’t have to pay her late fee. Fifty dollars per month may not be EXACTLY what the water bill overage costs, but it’s the accepted token fee that represents additional wear and tear and other costs resulting from the illegal tenant staying in the apartment.
Be sure to check out Francy's Tutorial on January 7th, 2012. I am sure she will have something wonderfully creative for you to try out.
A friend of immorality cannot remain where there is truth and morality: a spiritual place where sacrifice is done for the master of sacrifice with a full abundance of deep realization.
Read history and you will understand that the Jews of yesterday are the evil fathers of Jews of today, who are all evil offspring, infidels, distorters of words, the scum of the human race whom Allah cursed and turned into apes and pigs… these are the Jews, an ongoing continuum of deceit, obstinacy, licentiousness, evil and corruption.Quite frankly, such gross anti-Semitic rhetoric would have left even Adolf Hitler struggling to compete. To hear it spoken with no fear of recrimination in Europe today is deeply disturbing.
I had a fabulous day demoing at Coleman's yesterday ... it was great to be working with the lovely Karen again and all the staff were so friendly and eager to help ... LOVED it! And talk about a LOT of people ... oh my goodness ... great to see lots of faces ... old and new! A BIG Thank you to everyone from me!
“We are RYV, short for Raise Your Voice, and we are simply a group of people who could not bear sitting in silence, watching all the crimes and injustice going on in Lebanon,” the group said.
Entering late means you jump into the middle of the action, leaving obvious elements, such as how people drove to the crime scene, for the reader to self-diagnose. At the other end of the scene, you leave before the characters dissolve their action/interaction and preferably on a high note, or ‘aha’ moment.
my sister has been posting that her middle child, the boy who creates havoc w/ all of the kids whenever we all get together, says he is getting picked on at school and she is fuming mad at the principal. my bro politely commented that his son said the same thing before and in the end they found out he was actually the one causing the problems. my sister apparently is one of those parents who thinks their kid can do no wrong. oy fucking vey. and after reading all of her other posts i'm quite sure her fucking house must be sparkling clean because that is all she talks about. or that someone is sick. or that she's just bought the kids some new cloths. i know i know--it's a free country, people can post whatever they like. but really? shut the fuck up already.
Neil said he would take Isaac out for a late afternoon trip to the swings. This was good timing as Isaac isn't too fond of my electric whisk; the noise worries him. When they left I turned on the machine and gave the mixture a good mix. I was surprised by how long it took for the mixture to become smooth. The butter was suitably soft but took ages to break up. Eventually it became lovely and smooth and I was able to tip it into the waiting tin. Into the oven it went; it would need to cook for around forty minutes. This gave me plenty of time to sit down. It was nice to sit and do absolutely nothing in the peace and quiet!!
The fact is, I’m thrilled that Michael Reagan has endorsed me and will be campaigning with me here in Florida. I remember very fondly, in 1995, when we were at the Goldwater Institute and Nancy Reagan said, you know, “Barry gave Ronnie the torch, and now Ronny’s passing the torch to Newt and his team in Congress. So I think it’s reasonable to say, and I think the governor said it fairly, I am vastly closer to Reagan. In that period the governor was an independent business person. In ’92 he was donating to the Democrats for Congress and voted for Paul Tsongas in the Democratic primary. In ’94 running against Teddy Kennedy, he said flatly, I don’t want to go back to the Reagan-Bush era, I was an independent.
I promise I really am going to end up talking about joy. Just hold your horses a little bit longer and things will start making some sense.
Another book for you to read is called Rumors (Anna Godbersen). I can’t really say alot about it, because it is the sequel to The Luxe. It takes place Manhattan, 1899 (I know what you’re thinking, because I hate historical books as well… except for this one!). Here’s a link, please check it out because it is a really good series!! http://theluxebooks.com/series.vm#
through the buttons so it looks as if they are
1. Start by preheating your oven to 200C/fan 180C/gas 6
I kept on wondering how small the brains of these people are (or rather how big their brains are but still full of worthless pieces of crap)? I didn’t buy a bike just to show off, I did it for practical reasons. It is dangerous enough to ride a motorcycle without those stupid acts. Also, if everyone just sets aside time for travel then no one needs to rush on the way to work just like what we try to do.
For my money, the ambient side is the better one, although in practice the two are not often fully separated (see: the beats on the first disc's "Good Morning Strange Light" or "Ex Astris, Ad Astra", the lush drumless flotation tank that is disc 2's "Averroes", or BoC-esque close "NotR"). "Scotia", all looming bassline and fractures of distant melody, and the almost trancey skitter of "Algonquin", are highlights of the second disc.
Ending off the marathon pledge drive from 5pm will be the team from the Unhappy Hour, who promise to take you on a musical journey into the recesses of your soul “where your grass is blue”.
Users of iPhone and Android Phones (HTC, Samsung, Motorola, etc) already have a SIM card inside, but all these phones can only accommodate one SIM card. With many users traveling frequently who need to swap with local SIMs or carry an extra phone, users can now enjoy dual SIM features by inserting the 2nd SIM into Gmate, therefore enjoying two numbers on their favorite smart phone, while maintaining only a single phone book, sms, and call logs… It’s as simple as that!
I have alot to do in the next few weeks.
Like early talkies, which sounded terrible, the current crop of 3-D films look terrible. The glasses act like shades, muddying the colour of any film watched through them. Impressive graphics aside, the visuals still blur too much. These problems will be fixed in time, though, and the scripts will get better, if only because they couldn't be worse. And then what?
I’m seen them live. I love listening to their music and I especially love their newest record.
Growing up on a Maryland dairy, I was surrounded by beautiful colors. Looking westward beyond the various broadleaf trees, you could see the smokey blue color of the Blue Ridge mountains. Our farmland was part of the rolling hills of the Piedmont Plateau. My dad rotated his crops annually, so there was a variety of colors between the crisp greens of spring plants and the golden browns and yellows of the autumn harvest. After the harvest, the naked fields on the rolling hills during winter were dressed in a white blanket of drifting snow.
There thy infinite attributes were magnified, and infinite atonement was made;
As a result, the oft-discussed issue of Islamic reform is in fact wholly irrelevant to any discussion of the response to Islamization. There is simply no reason to believe that reform, if possible at all, could take place on a timescale which might affect the course of events in Europe. The lay of the battlefield and the forces arrayed upon it will surely be clear within twenty years. Those who believe that Islam, a protean force, and one of the most successful political ideologies of all time, will reform itself just in time to save us the bother of having to fight it are engaging in as deluded a bout of wishful thinking as could be imagined. This is not to deny that some nominal Muslims in Europe will drift away from it, but drift is not reform.
Here is the Declaration “Hear Ye, Hear Ye”, and I will update tomorrow with some pics.
Good morning everyone. Today is an exciting day over at the JustRite Blog. We are starting something new today. Every Wednesday for the next 12 weeks, there will be a Christmas Blog hop featuring some of the most amazing designers in blogland.
Despite a brief spell living on the other side of the Pennines while his three children were tiny his roots are firmly in south Manchester. Ten years ago he bought St Clements Old School, right on Chorlton Green and lived in the space pretty much as an adventure playground with a rope swing from one of the old beams, a bike circuit on the ground floor and a make-shift kitchen somewhere in the middle.
Of course, most of the time the school in question has only been in Division I for a few years after enjoying success in Division II or the NAIA. Occasionally the team is supplemented, if not dominated, by sketchy transfers or refugees from a local work-release center. It doesn’t matter, though — it’s in the field of 65. The school becomes part of the madness of March, and its supporters will cheer wildly (often televised from a local sports bar) when its name is called by James Brown on Selection Sunday.
4) DIGITAL ART -Digital art is a general term for a range of artistic works and practices that use digital technology as an essential part of the creative and/or presentation process. Since the 1970s, various names have been used to describe the process including computer art and multimedia art, and digital art is itself placed under the larger umbrella term new media art. The impact of digital technology has transformed traditional activities such as painting, drawing and sculpture, while new forms, such as net art, digital installation art, and virtual reality, have become recognized artistic practices. More generally the term digital artist is used to describe an artist who makes use of digital technologies in the production of art. In an expanded sense, “digital art” is a term applied to contemporary art that uses the methods of mass production or digital media.
I did pretty well today. Until tonight. Hubby went to bed at 9:30 and I intended to just get a post up and then join him. Then I got sidetracked, and bogged down, and couldn't think of anything to post. And I drained the last of the water from my glass. And I went to the kitchen to refill it. And I saw the caramel corn my friend made me for Christmas. I don't really like the fact that it had peanuts in it, but... Just one bite of the popcorn part.... And another. And... Well, I might as well finish it off so it won't be here nagging me tomorrow. And now I'm sitting here feeling like a total failure. Why didn't I just throw it away?
Her men get her finally back home after a long day, where it doesn’t end. She has to deal with Barinthus, former god of the sea. Who isn’t happy that the others are getting back there powers and he isn’t. He is like a big spoiled kid, who doesn’t get a piece of candy from mommy.
S.B.-I cannot remember who the designer was, but it was one of the top designers. I remember I didn’t know what to wear to have my portrait painted, so I wore a very simple dress and I wore that coat over it, and when I arrived there he said, “Don’t take the coat off. I’m going to paint you the way you are.” I think he liked colour. So there was never any question about it. So he painted me in the coat and gloves, the way I wore them to the door. The starkness of it, again, as I mentioned...we had two slightly different approaches to Art. He was totally immersed in the Renaissance and everything that happened in the late 19th century and the 20th century was strange to him. He couldn’t comprehend it. Among modern painters there are classical modern painters. He tried to convince me of the Renaissance and what was involved in the Renaissance, and so we had these discussions. They went on for years, and after the portrait was finished we visited in Florence, and then he came to Canada, so we still saw each other from time to time.
I'm trying to recall. . . I never saw a sign that said, "New company policy: We are not hiring until Bush is gone."
I started making Kombucha a few months ago and LOVE it. Seth is even addicted to it. It costs me 90 cents to make a half gallon (64 oz), compared with a 16oz bottle for $4 at the store. I feel like I've somewhat mastered the process and wanted to share. Some of the benefits of Kombucha include:
Some are deeming this one of the greatest melo-death releases ever; I’m not sure I’d go quite that far, but it’s most definitely a standout metal release for 2011. Fans of atmospheric melodic death metal (e.g. Insomnium, Swallow the Sun) will most definitely enjoy this. There’s much more flavor, variation and power in this record than the band’s past material, and perhaps a great introduction for anyone who is unfamiliar with the genre.
Music featuring drums and guitars (i.e., no organ/choir) *
From this fact we glean a strong direction of national and international companies integrating their websites with their Facebook pages. A few examples are Kohl’s department stores, who offer a Style page with a number of interactive features and links to the website for shopping; and Ritz-Carlton Dove Mountain, who’s Welcome page looks like an extension of their website. Visitors may click and go seamlessly to their website reservations page. (The Ritz-Carlton Dove Mountain Facebook page also displays photos guests have posted after their stay. Refer to Fact #1.) Facebook is another strong tool to create that conversational media, as discussed in Fact #1.
I was handed a challenge from Ms. Paulette and my friends' will all tell you that I usually don't shy away from them. Now if you've, followed my blog much you know that I don't normally do Vintage and yet I am in awe of those that can do it justice. So when I was given the instructions for this challenge: The Music Speaks Vintage set and a Card Sketch to follow - I KNEW I had to do my best! Well I don't think I did too bad for my first attempt - but I'll let you decide.
In the face of my hostility to the truth,
Perpetual Beta is, if put into motion correctly, a tremendous opportunity for developers. They are able to come in contact with the market much quicker, with the real time data they’re able to make quantifiable decisions and in turn reduce the risk of failure, as well as create a deeper connection with the users.
Why can't American journalists steeped in the traditional values of their profession be loud and candid about the fact that Murdoch does not belong to our team? His importation of the loose rules of British tabloid journalism, including blatant political alliances, started our slide to quasi-news. His British papers famously promoted Margaret Thatcher's political career, with the expectation that she would open the nation's airwaves to Murdoch's cable channels. Ed Koch once told me he could not have been elected mayor of New York without the boosterism of the New York Post.
Mummy loves you, and mummy hopes to care the fullest for you. Mummy hope you understand that the reason that mummy works hard is to make sure that you got will be given a better life in time to come. Mummy feels sorry for not able to give you a 'father' but mummy promise that I will always be there when you needed the 'father' figure. Mummy hope you understand in time to come, that you always a precious baby to mummy.
Rice pasta or brown rice with veggies and/or protein source for supper
They would hate me for it. They would hate my action, they would hate me. They might even try to kill me for doing it out of sheer rage.
So when I looked at the Dark Knight illustration, the blank cape seemed like a really good example of (what I like to think of as) simple vs. complex.
I'm not writing about this to point out that this is just business as usual, and that there's no point trying to change it. I'm writing about this because it breaks my heart that my grandmother was victimized in this way, that her most basic rights were violated like this. I'm writing about this because it's 2012, and we're dangerously close to seeing this sort of thing happen AGAIN. Forcing a woman to be sterilized is no different than forcing a woman to carry to term a pregnancy that she doesn't want. They're both assaults on more than a woman's body, but on her personhood.
Like most Shiner seasonals, this didn't get to Paradise before I left for NHC, but I did see it in San Diego. Thanks, Texas Beer Distributors for being so. . .eager.
Back to the soup . . .
I was totally confused at this point. The picture book had no bunnies featured in it. I wasn't wearing a bunny or gun jewelry. What in the world was Emily talking about? I looked over at the paraprofessional in my class who was doubled over in laughter. What the heck ?!
According to earlier statements by the police, the male accused also was found hiding in the ceiling, and police allegedly had also found a part of the murder weapon on him, together with Mrs Potgieter’s stolen laptop and camera.“http://www.facebook.com/topic.php?topic=11395&uid=52669367739#/group.php?gid=52669367739 )
PaleoWorks and the PaleoWorks Challenge have withdrawn all support and promotion of the ‘change 4 life‘ scheme due to their financial association, business and professional relationships with processed food manufacturers, in particular Coca-Cola, Mars, Kraft, Nestle and PepsiCo. PaleoWorks wish it to be known that we were never made aware of these associations and so cannot be held responsible. Further to this PaleoWorks wish it also to be known that despite several requests to quantify the ‘Change 4 Life’ model and provide justification for the dietary advice given, including requests to consider more beneficial alternatives, to date PaleoWorks has received no response.
Section 8 -Begin revising your essays based on the feedback you received in class today. Guys on the soccer team and others, here is a copy of the peer editing sheet distributed in class this afternoon.
Tangled wickedness on this crucifixion pyre:
…the sequel I’m about to write.
Moreover, the candidates in the current election campaign have made it clear that the whole system will change again, if there is a change of President.
The British people invented modern Parliamentary democracy. Yet in recent years the British people have been denied their democratic rights. On issue after issue, the views of the majority of British people have been ignored and overridden by a politically correct elite which thinks it knows best.
I went back to rooting for Cucumber in the tournaments he had left. I barely paid attention to the In The Groove tournament going, and mainly rooted for him with the Dance Dance Revolution Extreme Doubles tournament. That was a hilariously awesome tournament with so many close matches. There ended up being a lot of AAAs (meaning got everything absolutely perfect), and a few upsets. Okay, actually it's kind of hard to describe what the hell happened without being boring, so let's just say Cucumber won that!
5. Conspiracy Theories and Interior Design: This has Jeff and Annie getting wrapped up in a conspiracy that starts with Jeff’s made up professor, Professor Professorson, while Troy and Abed build an elaborate pillow fort. If you don’t understand the inherent delight of that, then I will never understand you. Plus, I think this has more Dean Pelton than any other episode and that’s an algorithm for fun.
To redefine the meaning of having fun
“They have made a lot of representations using technical points trying to claim that it was the Selangor Government who had jurisdiction and we should take action against the Sultan instead of them!
15. No. 15 In E Minor 2:42
The health situation in Africa is pathetically chaotic for many reasons. Health institutions (hospitals and clinics) are deeply cancerous as they are without drugs, personnel and infrastructural facilities to aid the acquisition of good health. The healthcare delivery system is defective because there are no basic healthcare materials, while there are problems with primary, secondary and tertiary healthcare facilities. Medical cities only exist in name, and most university teaching hospitals are cocoons of infrastructural emptiness. There is lack of recognition for expertise in the medical field amongst the citizenry, and this has prompted quite a significant number of these to search for greener pastures in foreign countries. This situation applies to medical and para-medical staff, most of whom are gainfully employed in developed countries of the world. There is a absence of reliable dispensaries and effective mobile clinical services in parts of the federation. The rural communities are most affected. There is often absence of communication and transport facilities, which promotes the dearth of drugs and medical equipment in these places. Various statistics have existed on the massive, untimely deaths in different parts of the continent. A renowned medical expert in Kaduna, Nigeria who spoke to us recently said that “There is high material mortality among children. Pregnant women die every day in great numbers, and communicable diseases are breeding higher than before. Most government hospitals are indeed mortuaries, and you need to visit some of them already overgrown with weeds and inhabited by rodents and reptiles. What do you call that? The system is unhealthy. And an unhealthy system cannot give birth to a healthy one”.
KOLYA directed by Jan Sverak
What makes me so special? I work hard. I try to be my best. I keep my word. I’m not always successful, but I am doing better at it all the time.
I couldn’t not mention the girls' mum when thinking about my journey to where and who I am now. She is someone who has influenced me greatly and continues to inspire me in my quest to lead a conscious natural life.
4mm circular needles if using Magic Loop and DPNs' if knitting in the round.
Happy Happy Happy Bundt Day! ! ! ! ! Thanks for playing along with me this year and I can't wait to see your submissions for the round-up!
Day-of Hair and Make-up: My mom of course!
Talking about The Avengers… Here’s a list of my Top-10 Superhero movies! (Published in Wednesday’s The Daily Titan.)
All the paper that I used is leftover (which I'm using more of)
Bashful Blue, Certainly Celery,
For a while I thought I had once managed to change. Like a lot of people I was pretty depressed during my teens, but one day I woke up, realised I was really annoying myself, and decided not to be sad any more. And that was it. I was totally cured.
Back in January, I decided to get this Southern spread off of my thighs and stomach. In February, I cursed as I squeezed into my Spanx for yet another function. By March, I just laughed it off as I unbuttoned the top of my jeans to let my muffin top fly free. Then came April, and with it, yet another stupid thing to add to the list Stupid Things LaMonique Does.
“Me? Me buy the machine? Why me?”
One of the biggest mistakes pet parents make is waiting until something goes wrong before buying pet insurance. After your dog or cat develops a condition, nothing related to that injury or illness will be covered by insurance. It will be considered a pre-existing condition.
It was the one week break from school before the new semester starts. We reached the chalet around 2.30 pm. Only the 4 of us went there first cos hubby was working. Later, he did came in the evening and stayed overnight.
2010.09.18 Afghanistan Asadabad 1 1 A child is murdered by a Taliban rocket attack.
and a wealth of practical suggestions
“These chemicals are banned in the United States, Europe and Canada, and they’re used here, without any protection, and in large amounts that are very concerning,” Dr. Carlos Orantes, a health worker in a Bajo Lempa clinic, told Public Radio International.
Other books by Peter Lemesurier:
I have been trying to get some things prepared before I start on Monday. I am a huge sticker fan, but unfortunately there is a distinct lack of any lovely stickers in our small town....so today I decided to make my own. I was looking at purchasing blank pre-made sticker sheets, but they were really expensive and the ones I was looking at didn't come with a template for word processing. My lovely husband suggested I just use address labels...so I did!
Annaiss
Then I decided to not analyze it anymore and move on and write when I felt like writing... and clearly it came back, the writing itch.
I used to have a lot more bits and pieces to find places for: I got rid of a huge stack of renovation files and ideas as this is now completed (I am proud of this, for the wishlist was long, and I got almost everything I wanted), just about every wild idea I had for this place has been carried out, apart from the very wild indeed (that was the mezzanine floor idea - thank goodness I didn't follow through with that); Also landscape garden plans and permaculture notes, it's all checked off of my list as done; Steiner (Waldorf) doll making, I completed that project and no longer want to do any more like that as my daughter is now a teenager.
(Credit: Apple)
SO HOW DO WE DO IT?
Copics 100, C1 and E11
We were great during those years. I was happy with my two children. I knew I would not have anymore and I was fine with that.
You taste test food when you prepare it, do the same for your garment. Test the fit at various stages. I hold pieces up, and pin them together on me to ensure it will fit. Test the fit anytime you can. It will mean you have to take out less stitching if something's amiss.
That's it. I've pared the basic payload down as far as I feel comfortable paring it. I can run with this load on, still manage a 12-mile movement in two hours (for conditioning purposes, obviously, not tactically), and live out of the pack, as long as necessary, supplementing whatever rations I am carrying, with whatever I can gather, hunt, snare, or procure from caches. With this load, supplemented by whatever supplies HH6 mandates I add for blankets, and formula/food), I would feel as confident as possible performing an escape-and-evasion in a grid-down collapse. As a fighting/combat sustainment load, with the addition of mission-essential gear, ranging from the aforementioned entry tools, to specialized optics such as my spotting scope and/or NODs, I feel as well equipped as I need to be for a resistance guerrilla fighter.
Now, regarding the Bitter Broom herb, if you live in an area where there is a large Latin American population, you may find a lot of botanicas, which usually cater to the Latino/Latina communities. It seems to be a very popular item in the one where I purchase it, but any place that sells (including the Internet) may have it.
"Base officials have said that any community the size of the base is bound to have its problems and that its reputation has been tarred by 'a small number of highly visible but isolated episodes' that don't accurately reflect the remarkable accomplishments of its service members, including their work overseas and the creation of programs to support retiring soldiers."First, reducing the number of deployable forces is not going to solve a thing. If post traumatic stress is the problem, throwing these poor men back into combat is like chumming shark infested waters. It's as if they want to make a bad situation worse.
Having shaved 20 dollars off the average price of Ral Partha Catleoblepas and rendered worthless the spacefarers bitz, I really should do the collectors community a favor and do an article on how rare the McDeath family is. You know, to get them below 300 bucks. No, before anyone asks I am not bidding on that Sandra Prangle thats up at the moment.
I hope you don't mind me sharing my excitement with you, I am just flabbergasted!! This December was my first time entering in some challenges so I am so very happy I was chosen, makes me want to create right now! Can't wait to tell hubby that his Christmas card is a WINNER, he he he!
If you don't like the life you live, change it now it's yours
The Tibetans now lives in a secular society, but this secular culture must be nourished in a modern sense. People tend to take sides, they become politicised and this has happened throughout history. But as well as wars there have also been marriages between the Tibetans the Han Chinese, and the Manchu - and the and these have downplayed the anger. That is what is needed now - more marriages between ideologies to discourage turbulence and unrest.
Dvd 2: Wrong Hand Man
Oyster mushroom is rather common edible mushroom and it is easily available in every part of the world. This tasty mushroom contains statins(ie. Lovastatin), which helps to reduce cholesterol in our body.
With repeated waves of wage and pension cuts to save the country from bankruptcy, Greece has sunk into its deepest recession since World War II.
“The guy we talked to this morning?” asked Hank.
I had a doctor tell me that she sees more allergic reactions from Johnson and Johnson products than with Aveeno products. Therefore, I use Baby Aveeno with the babies. Harper, unfortunately, is like her mom and has horrible dry skin. The baby Aveeno lotion is wonderful for her dry skin.
Amanda:"Oh, I'm WAY accomplished there. I'm fine."
I am not going to cover everything on the subject, although I will touch upon most, and will spend time on some aspects and gloss over others. Some/most of the below have been seen and written about before but I also hope I've posted some things rarely or quite possibly never seen before. As always, comments and corrections are encouraged and welcome.
2. Then using a sharp knife, cut out the top right and left portions, being careful to leave the middle section for what will be the handle.
Be sure to visit one of the spas on the island. I had a 50-minute treatment at the Anara Spa and I was all rejuvenated by the time I walked out. The one I had was "Anara" - a personalized massage that allows your therapist to intuitively address imbalances in your body, mind and spirit, inducing deep relaxation and a profound sense of lokahi (harmony). I think it was a mixture of lomi lomi, aromatherapy and the sports massages. Getting a spa treatment is one of the best things you can do to your body, mind and soul!We did most of the activities the last time we were there (kayaking, hiking, ATV, sight-seeing), so this trip was more a relaxing one. We drove up to the North Shore one day and visited 2 beautiful waterfalls. Then the next day we headed to the West to try this Shrimp Station right by the Waimea Canyon. I had the Coconut Shrimp and my hubby had the Shrimp Tacos. They were soooo good! My hubby was ecstatic when they asked him if he was a kama'aina (local), and the owner gave us 2 FREE drinks. He said: "That's great, I look like a local now!" As for me, people still think I am from Honolulu! I guess I have that "city girl" look! =)
If honor encourages others why wouldn’t it encourage you? Who celebrates your success with you?
That breathe a soul into the plastic arts,
And finally, the eagle eyed of you, will have spotted Mango-Pango bear sat on the jewellery anvil. I kept my promise and returned him to full fitness last night. He seemed quite pleased until I tried to take him back to the children's room at which point he began shouting expletives at me. Something about them not knowing how to treat a bear of his standing in the community.
Dave Lavinsky wrote in his May 8th blog, “Let’s be honest here…isn’t a five-year plan pretty much a one-year plan, plus 4 years of guessing?” And who knows where this industry will be in the next five years. If I knew right now I’d bet all I have on that future and walk way in 5 toward retirement. It’s not going to happen; so let’s get real.
Ang Lee is not one of those comic book fans turned filmmaker and his Hulk is a blight on the genre during a otherwise glorious time.
Toward the end of the week, maybe Thursday, I had an email from someone whose name I didn't recognize and whose subject line made me think it was an unsolicited query. I admit I don't love getting unsolicited queries from unagented authors; my press has a firm and easy-to-find policy about the correct way to submit to us, and it sometimes irritates me when people go around this process.
Wolverine #305
But what I'd like to know (granted that the security people were only doing their job and doing it brilliantly and actually were very pleasant and I have every respect and sympathy for them) is this: having established that the offending item was only ("only") an artificial brain, why did they still think that every damned item in my bag needed swabbing and sniffing? Is it the case that someone carrying an artificial brain and some flapjacks is in any way more likely to be an international terrorist? And why did they also take my perfume away and subject it to chemical analysis? Because I was carrying a plastic brain? Is it written somewhere that someone carrying a plastic brain is statistically more likely also to be disguising Issy Miyake as something dangerous? It's the rule book what's wrong, not the excellent staff. It's not well designed for catching people who really might cause damage, not flapjack-carrying unfortunates like moi.
(all possibilities have passed through)
Plus, a Manhattan penthouse garden below...
Note: The process of sending out sprouts uses resources in the potato itself, making it mildly “squishy” to the touch. This meant that some of the potatoes that were further along in their sprouting process were pretty desiccated. This led me to question if anything else, past it’s prime and quickly becoming a desiccated husk of it’s former existence, could be revitalized the same way by merely burying it in the ground. So, I decided to try it out on my favorite MMO of all time…
He could face an additional citation as well for destroying the sign, deputies say, but they must clearly identify a victim, or owner of the sign. They say, so far, it has been difficult to locate.
And I can top them all.
Let’s play another round of How Big is Baby! Today, BBQ is about the length of a large bell pepper (5 1/2 inches).
This girl was my favorite model. She was gorgeous and looked comfortable on stage, and the Aveda students did a great job adding bright yellow pieces into her long black hair. And her clothes weren't distracting.
4 Vegetable Man 2:37 October 1967 - Malcom Jones Mix 1987
2.) scallops around the split stitch
I actually though these, by themselves, were a little bit on the sweet side so I made them a second time and decrease the sugar from 1/4 cup to 3 tablespoons, a little bit better!!
“This love was a torment, and he resented bitterly the subjugation in which it held him; he was a prisoner and he longed for freedom.
The lynx can’t poop or pounce over fuzzy albino panthers….
And from what I can see now on my skin, it will work pretty well!
Writer Mark Waid
Saved = $146.22!!!
5. Availability. It’s always around. When it’s not, I go buy some more.
As you might have noticed I formulated my position as a religious Jew and as a Zionist, not as a religious Zionist. There is a reason for that, namely that I differ on my positions between the two, not being a religious Zionist Jew, but rather a religious Jew and a Zionist. Sounds confusing? I know, and I see why. The thing is, I am a Zionist because I believe that Jews, as well as every other people out there, be it Italians, Tibetans, Kurds or Samis, not necessarily based on the expulsion of others, but rather as defining a homeland for them and their’s. I’m not going into so much details about that here, nor about how I differ between ‘people’ (as in German ‘Volkschlag’), ‘ethnicities,’ and ‘races.’ Rather that this is a pragmatic approach, which is not motivated or based on my religious faith. And I am a religious Jew, because I believe in God and that He gave the Torah as a Divine Guidance for His People. I’m not going into details about what I mean by this either, for anyone being curious enough, you are more than welcome to ask.
Here’s a status update, and you can all hate me for it if you with. I want to see The Strand project succeed. I believe it is fundamentally a good idea. I also think it requires more support from the community, and specifically more support from experts in the community. Experts meaning, accountants, business owners, investors, artists and academics. I believe that those people need to PUBLICLY support it and volunteer their public input, before it will go anywhere. As an artist and a writer, I’m going to be really sad if it doesn’t succeed. (End rant, feel free to hate me for personal in impersonal reasons.)
From what I have read, these arguments are:
In the politics of editorial choice by the media, the dominant narrative often fail to capture fully that a lot of Asians were real victims of this riot–and talks about moving on, or the need of White people needing to reconcile with Blacks must not forget that if one were to use this framework in understanding the riot, there must also be the consistency of addressing the real flesh-and-blood-and-property racial victims of this riot too, instead of glossing over it and making the perpetrators who are nothing more than victims not responsible for their actions.
Workbook and textbook storage in my built-ins. We don't use them much, so I like to keep them out of my kiddos hands. You can also see a small glimpse of my (dreadfully sad) library. I have wonderful books, but my organization is embarrassing. Year two will be much better, I promise.
They live where they want. Huge choice given back. Not only can you choose what part of town, but what town or even country.
Her: Worse than throwing up spaghetti out your nose?
I was reminded by a quote by the well-known late artist, Pablo Picasso,
The world is getting smaller and products and services are rapidly competing on a global scale. In this globalisation many businesses will find they cannot compete.
Isn't it ironic where arguments or bad feelings generate from sometimes? We were both just angry we haven't had much time together, and those frustrations turned into an argument. It doesn't make much sense now does it? We fought because we want to spend more time with each other? haha
“Is it the right size?”
As promised, I’ll be sharing some photos from my little work trip to Los Angeles. I will apologize in advance as I realize most of you will find fire escapes and yet another sky scraper quite boring. But for this girl from a town that has only one tall building, it was a pretty awesome sight!
The £6.2 billion of cuts is less than a tenth of the fiscal repair job that will be needed over the next few years, says the Institute for Fiscal Studies.
Draw the World Together recently teamed up with Make-A-Wish Foundation and addition to the usual ʻSketch for Donationsʼ model that Draw the World Together have
Just one quick translation from a quote from a recent press release (quoted by a news site below) by one of the largest Latvian breweries (Royal Unibrew).
So I decided to scrap it and change tables altogether.
The nice people at Sesame Street Live gave me tickets to see Elmo's Healthy Heroes with 3-year-old Sarina... ironically, I got sick just before the show. Sarina-- the little person who got me sick, mind you-- was feeling better, though, so my parents took her to see it at Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale, NY.
Me: Trevin, what does that mean when you say daddy is so "fart"?
Left Hand Brewing Company Chainsaw Ale
Of what we swore we'd never say
Mark DeAngelis ... Carriage Driver
In the meantime I decided to periodically publish the traditional Hindu Date for those who may need it and can’t find it elsewhere.
That would be these, I believe. If I'm wrong, someone please tell me. As you can see, there are three of them, and unless I am more confused than I think I am, these go into the beater bar to...uh...pack the weft together (I'm sure there's a technical term for that) as you weave. They are rusty, but don't appear rough or pitted, so I think I can clean them up and use them.
RECOMMENDATION: If you like spoof movies, OR like the 80s — this is a good one. Better than your average spoof-genre comedy. Dominique Swain’s spazzed out freakout episodes were awesome.
it's not as easy as all that
We got a little sow yesterday, but it melted off by mid-day. I have bee fighting a cold for a couple of weeks and yesterday the cold won the skirmish...so I only got one image made- but I love it! Hope you do as well.
It's dying without you.
If you support a candidate - then simply support them, and do not attack the other side in such a way that the information can be used against us in the future.
That's still a long time.
And their bastard offspring divided into two camps and have fought for power, for the throne, ever since. They are generally known today as Fascists and Communists and all people in The West today are one or the other.
Why do I remember such detail of one ordinary day 30 years ago but can’t recall cleaning my teeth last night? Why do the years pass by, blur and overlap? For some seemingly important events, we struggle to pin them down within a three year margin.
There are many things to like about the simplicity of a digital clock, though when you unplug the one by my bed, time simply vanishes. On digital clocks I can see the time at the three am worry hour.
And the merchant is the man who gets it all.”
I can't speak for other people in other countries.I can speak about the multiculturalism in mine. I went to a Convent school which was multiracial. I am still a Muslim. No one tried to convert me..in fact we have Islamic lessons for the Muslim students. I grew up in a village which was also multiracial though the majority was Malay. My mum's best friend was an Indian lady. They trade recipes very often.and went to watch Hindi movies together often too. The Chinese fish monger was every one best friend. The highlight of the mornings was when he came in his small lorry and the women congregate to swap village gossips while buying fish on credit.He has a small book for everyone.
Otobi and Katsina-Ala.
The guaranteed income stream is important.
Carrots and hummus
So, I ended my Sunday at the neighborhood Caribou Coffee, with a cafe latte and a friend.
Let me steal from you
We are not even quite sure what the allure of Jack Falstaff is. We'll call it the 'James Ormsby Je ne sais quoi factor'. The attraction is certainly not the look of the space, hidden behind a sleek, industrial doorway. The interior is modern but ordinary, dressed in velvetines and sagemint greens that could have jumped straight from the pages of a West Elm catalogue. The ambience fares well from the low, highly-polished dark wooden ceiling that subdues the sound allowing a dinner conversation to flow with ease, thereby helping to keep the dining experience a relaxing affair.
So she continues to sit there on that throne,
“Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church; and he is the savior of the body. Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing. Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it…” – Ephesians 5:22-25
of my current life (*of my current oblivion, in Biagi's version)...
MS. Found In a Bottle is a wonderful tale of just that. It’s much more descriptive of scene than the other short stories, and I find it convenient that it was placed third in the book because honestly, I find that I can only read a little Poe at a time. This was a great break, and not nearly as dark or despair ridden as many of Poe’s other short works.
I didn’t read ‘View of a Pig’ until probably about 1972 and it failed to move me. The same went for ‘Hawk Roosting’ and ‘Pike’ which were the other poems we were made to read in English. Now, if they’d made me read, ‘Bullfrog’ that might have been different but none of these other poems had anything to do with my life which is perhaps why Larkin’s take on ‘Toads’ was more to my tastes although to be fair I’ve always nurtured a similar fondness for work as for toads.
We hear about starving kids in other countries all the time. But this is right here, in one of the richest countries in the world. This is happening in Kerri's class. It breaks my heart. No kid should go hungry.
I always loved you most
On a personal note, I'd like to share a highlight from this past year. My oldest brother sent the final boxes which he sorted of my dear parents' belongings. What a blessing it was to receive numerous copies of their books which are now out of print. My mother, Carolyn Rhea, was one of the first Christian authors to provide original devotional material to Grossett and Dunlap, a major New York publisher in the 1960s. She was a pioneer in sharing God's love in the secular publishing world and wrote two books for them: Such is My Confidence and My Heart Kneels Too. She also wrote devotional books for Broadman & Holman, a book for Zondervan, and of course her final book was with fellow Pearl Girl, Andrea Mullins from New Hope entitled, When Grief is Your Constant Companion: God's Grace for a Woman's Heartache. In the box, I also found copies of my dad's two books. His autobiography with Broadman & Holman and his Lottie Moon Cookbook published with Word, now Thomas Nelson.
This candy is for my followers - old and new, and I would of course be really happy if you posted about my candy on your own blogs.
Others still are venturing outside the U.S. My couple getting married this weekend have a honeymoon planned in Italy. A photographer who recently married is actually blogging during her honeymoon right now in Italy and Croatia. And since I’m drawn to the off-the-beaten-path sites, it’s worth mentioning that a couple whose wedding I shot last year honeymooned in… Peru.
Park: It … has been very satisfying lately.
Published on: 2011-10-27
As it turns out I helped. Can you believe "I" helped him. Yah Wayne was surprised as well. lol.
Next up we have a two for one bargain. Jeremy Renner and Scarlett Johansson. Jeremy Renner looks quite dashing in Yves Saint Laurent. Scarlett Johansson is wearing this lace creation by Dolce Gabbana. I know we said that it was ugly over at SayHey earlier today and I still don't like it. I think it's the lace that you can see through that puts me off it. She has lovely hair though.
1. Combine all dry ingredients in a medium bowl, mix well.
Case in point – would I tell an engineer how to design an airplane, just because I’ve flown in a plane at some time or seen a plane? Would I tell a teacher how to teach when I’ve only merely been a student? Would I tell a baker how to make a cake if I had very little experience and they pumped out 20 cakes a day?
Possibly quite timely this year considering the DCFTA and AA agreements between Ukraine and the EU were initialed by both sides in Brussels on 30th March. Whilst not yet signed and ratified, the initialing does at least provide prospective investors with a guide to contractually agreed practices that will come into effect when it is.
Mark Moore Gallery
My Paper Pizazz designer paper was actually set aside for 'Easter' creations but I thought the soft pastel colors worked perfectly for 'Baby' too! At my age, I don't have much call for baby cards but want to be sure to have some in my collection for the upcoming craft shows I will be attending. The little sentiment circle is from an old Stampin' Up stamp set and the embossing folder on the background panel is from Sizzix. The yellow bow was colored with a Prismacolor yellow marker and then covered with SU Crystal Effects (difficult to see the shine in this photo).
PPS I have lost 1kg since last Monday which is probably because I was able to 'go' at last! TMI!!!!!
Does anyone else have a Netflix addiction? Feel free to suggestions new shows for me to watch. =)
I've read Bridget Jones Diary several times, and I think the phrase "emotional fuckwittage" is exceptionally good, but I have come to realise lately that it does not only apply to men!!
Plus, the girl's priorities are all kinds of messed up. We're in the middle of WAR, tons of her countrymen dead, more dying, lots of very bad things happening, and what does she focus on? Whether or not Narian still loves her. Dude, REALLY??
When I get down about this predicament, it helps to know that these assumptions generally come from those who don't know me well, have not talked to me about where I am at with things, or people who don't understand grief. I don't know a lot, but there are a few things I am certain of:
“Honey, I was thinking about what you said yesterday and I have some ideas. Would you like to hear them?”
Yep. Now, my kids don't have insurance. In the middle of getting help for their depression and abandonment issues, they've lost insurance. As of now, my income is $0 a month. I don't even know what kind of job I could possibly get with no college degree and being out of the work force for 16 years, and with the economy and unemployment rates right now, and the fact that anything I'd make would have to go to childcare for Brooklyn, not to mention the fact that it wouldn't be safe for me to leave my boys alone right now.
“Basements!”
With internet use as a basic human right, web presence is becoming more and more in demand these days, shopping has become even more convenient online too. More goods and services can now be availed online. With various product lines and services from various product manufacturers, sellers and service providers, more options and choices are available to choose from which can all be delivered to you right on your door step. You can choose and purchase as much as you want without leaving your home. Transactions are all done electronically. But we have to be cautious and extra careful in making any transactions online especially when it involves monetary value because we can not eliminate scams and fraud existing online as well. Let us be wise and think of our security first and foremost when we are online.
I definitely got to try out my new Knit Picks Interchangeable Needles sampler set I had ordered with this project. I love them! I’m starting to really enjoy working with circular needles, even using them on projects that require straight needles. Anyway, back to my project – I loved how the Kindle sleeve turned out:
Please, continue to pray for us. Our plane tickets ended up costing more than we anticipated and we're believing God for provision. He's already started to send it our way and we've no doubt He'll complete the work. I, also, need you to pray for Eli and Julie. I can sense their anxiety growing about the upcoming separation. Yes, they'll have their Dad here with them, but I guess, since it's Mother's Day, I can get away with saying, "It's not the same thing." I am with them 95% of the time and have been since the moment they came screaming into the world. The separation is difficult for them and for me. Pray that Joseph and Samuel's hearts are being prepared to be a part of our family, that they wouldn't be fearful or anxious. Last, but not least, pray for Marty and I as we are about to navigate our way through uncharted territory. We've never been parents to 4 children before. I will say, "There's no one I'd rather take this journey with."
☆ Can use any characters you wish!
Flying back to NYC later this afternoon and feel that I have resoundingly squandered my week here; I dimly remember that I spent the weekend in a state of elation due to manuscript completion, but can no longer at all recapture the feeling....
Finally, if christ loves his church so much, then where is he? Is he answering your prayers? Is he showing up to prevent natural disasters, starvation and other horrific ordeals humans have to endure? No? They why do you love him. God sounds like an abusive spouse. Maybe you should consider a divorce. Or at least choose to follow an organization that does not claim to focus on the family, but only spread lies, misinformation and deceit.
729 **D-VI/24/1976. “George Washington’s First Inaugural Address.” National Endowment for the Humanities Seminar conducted by Martin Diamond), Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(10), above, pp. 114-36.)
Time in the physical state has no constant and will be in flux, this will bring us plenty of opportunity to put into place the changes that are necessary for our transformation. Time is becoming more transient and moveable. This has an effect on the veil that separates us from the world of spirit and will create mediums of us all! As time becomes more plastic and bends to our needs, if we surrender to it, we can feel more in charge of our development and co-create with ease.
Imagine the sheer pomposity and arrogance of the Obama campaign that tries to portray a successful businessman, Mitt Romney, as the enemy of the people.
Consciously twisting the cap off my water bottle and taking as long and exaggerated a mouthful as self-awareness allows in an environment of manual labor, I distinctly notice something in my periphery that creates a small wave of unsettling angst. The familiar glare coming from underneath the hat worn by the very tan man with the shovel convinces me to take another final sip from my bottle and return to my garden spade. I move two small mounds of soil from the hole being dug to a pile next to me; as I work I carefully manage to notice the even tan and pleasing definition in my forearm muscles, a definite testament to my choice to rip the sleeves off of my t-shirt proudly displaying the services of the “Award-Winning Cambridge GardenScapes and Lawn Care.” Feeling a wisp of sweat-stained hair creep into my eye, I take the opportunity to look up at the clear sky and savor a hard-earned break.
Suckling
The next day, we talked about making Synthesis Sundaes. I mean, seriously…who doesn’t love ice cream?!?! I introduced this anchor chart and then we read “The Giving Tree” by Shel Silverstein. I think this is a GREAT story to teach synthesizing!! And the kids LOVED it!
Clearly the metal under the brass finish is less stainless/chrome-y and more gold-y and the sandpaper left a fe scratched behind but still much improved. The jury is still out as to whether I want to scrub and polish all of my doorknobs, spray paint or replace with brand new knobs BUT the good news is this DIY brass to class with oven cleaner does work and I’ll never look at brass furniture flips the same.
Deep down, I've known for a couple of years that I needed to take the plunge,
It was hard to leave at the end of our stay in Arizona. We had so much fun playing and shopping! Gabriel loves seeing Mim-mim and Papa Ray and has a hard time saying goodbye at the airport. So far, he has been able to visit them at least once a year. Hopefully that will continue!
Add the rest of the ghee intermittently and cook the dhal until aromatic and the ghee starts oozing out.
I looked up, seeing Morrie as if for the first time.
Dear Reese,
When did this all start? One day while having beer and yosi outside the house, I caught myself staring at a cockroach lying on its back trying vainly to stave off an attack by an army of red ants. It wriggled its flat body and shook its feet at the swarm of fiery reds before lying completely still, lifeless. I swear I saw tears in the cockroach’s eyes.
fractal f r a c t a l f r a c t a l
Thanks for visiting with me today, have a great one!!
So - re inspired, I took a hammer to half of the galvanized steel and I gave it 45 minutes of acid.
Politicians “of the people,” elected “by the people,” and trying to do everything “for the people,” can’t agree on a single course of action, and therefore, we have an inefficient mechanism for spending our hard-earned TAXES.
Emotions are there to be felt. They are messengers and they help us to distinguish between what is good for us and what isn’t.
“Naaaaah,” he said, almost fawningly, though perhaps he was merely kidding. “I’m not worthy to enter the abode of such a man as yourself. Besides, my offer shan’t take long. Will you hear it?”
For those of you who have already gotten early access, please let us know in the Comments what you’re experiencing. Here are some of the questions I have, but please feel free to add anything you think is worth letting us know about:
Please check for the customer reviews and ratings of Mauviel M’Tradition 2703.14 Copper 1-1/2-Quart Bain Marie Double Boiler with Porcelain Insert from the merchant’s website by click on the link below.
And now I'm sharing them with you. Aren't you lucky.
Von Neumann was reported having died in 1958 but was actually given a new identity. He was ill and near death in 1963. Young Kettler was sent to Montauk where they had the technology to transfer souls from one body to another, a little bit of nifty tech given to them by the the Orion greys, who use manufactured bodies for their souls — think of the grey alien bodies as diving suits and our reality as the ocean. The same tech was used on Montauk agent Ed Cameron, his soul placed into the body of child known as Al Beilick. This is a method of government-made reincarnation.
I'd like to unscientifically point out that there are significant differences between the two, like for instance they're completely different species, with different metabolic rates and digestive tracts. So really you can't compare the two pound for pound.
We’ve become so used to people looking scared and speaking in hushed tones. They whisper the quiet haunting tale of those who have departed while making their way through the darkness. They respectfully try to communicate with the dead and perhaps just learn something from the other side.
The story of Elijah’s ministry burnout in Kings 19 gives us some great insights into how the cause and cures of our own burnout.
This is a book which will be loved by teachers, kids, parents, grandparents and anyone who loves good poetry. I thoroughly recommend it.
Because we are choices
I say you're a fake,
Jesus enjoins sinners, for example, not to go out and keep on sinning, but to sin no more!
The CSPRI – a project of the Community Law Centre at the University of the Western Cape – said it had analysed a report by the Judicial Inspectorate which provided details of 55 “unnatural deaths” in 2009. “The CSPRI has analysed the data, discovering a number of extremely worrying trends.”
Well, I found my second Pinterest recipe (I hate to remind you about the first one, because it is definitely not in the healthy category like this one!) that I just HAD to make and I really feel like I branched out a little, because, well, I don’t like casseroles.
When I don’t get to do one of my “rituals,” I feel deprived and out-of-whack. And when I don’t get to spend time with God daily, I find that I also experience so much more stress, conflict and discontentment than I do on the days when my ritual has been kept.
If there is one piece of advice I can ever give it is these three little words!
First off, the major pro point in the argument is that you'd be legalising what is already common practise. We've all cruised at 80 down a motorway without the fear of death bearing down upon us for committing such a heinous crime. One of the supposed cons is that people will then potentially go at 90. A few will, yes but these are the few that already do so. I doubt you'll see a significant proportion of traffic go beyond 80. All the cars I've driven don't like going much faster than 80 and the amount it'd cost you in fuel is prohibitive.
Ok I have been totally AWOL again I know but in my defence I have been as sick as a dog for the last week! I am still not feeling wonderful but am at least on the mend :) I do have a couple of layouts to share though :) The first is my first layout using the new Barefoot and Bliss! This range is just so yummy and warm, it really just makes you want to rush off to the beach and lie in the sun! Of course I will just have to dream of that because even though it is June it is cold and miserable here today!
Sometimes people may forget what the meaning of a friend. For me, a reason why I don’t want to lose my friend is just I don’t want to be alone. I need a friend to share my happiness and help me to solve my problem. That’s why I’m always afraid when my friend hates me and then leaves me without giving me any reason. Because sometimes, a friend or a best friend can act more than a lover. They can give you more comfort than a lover does.
To prevent it they, together with their apparatchiks and ideological catamites in the controlled media, are combating the threat with a two pronged approach. Firstly they slander and vilify the BNP and anyone who supports them, and secondly they will lie and lie and lie to disguise their own true policies and position.
When an entity redemption is not a viable option, a cross purchase agreement might be an alternative. But it can be cumbersome if there are several people involved. For example, if there are four business owners, they would each have to purchase life insurance policies on each of the other three owners for a total of 12 policies. Also, an owner who retires and wants to collect his or her accumulated benefits will trigger a taxable event and forfeit the tax-deferred gain in the policy.
Fifth Category: “Moral Value.” Hedonists (Epicurus, Mill) ethical skeptics (Hume, Russell, Ayer) and wacky deontological Kant get beat up in this. The hedonists fail to make the important distinction between wants and needs and mistake the former for the latter. Skeptics, deriving from the earlier mistakes believe foolishly that you can’t make any meaningful statements about ethics and so whatever is popular at the time goes (see the lack of ethics is sociology departments, multiculturalism, and ignoring the barbarism and oppression of women in Islam…not to mention backing a lot of evil in the recent history of the world by governments). And what evil isn’t backed by the skeptics usually can look to Kant and his categorical imperative which Adler states “is an empty recommendation.” From the detached and survey nature of the book Adler simply states proper ethics is “We ought to desire whatever is really good for us and nothing else” and work toward that true good…but he points you to Aristotle’s Nichomachean Ethics for more details.
What about you? Do you have backstory issues or tips for dealing with it? And what TV shows have taught you what kinds of writing tricks?
One of the things I love about scrapbooking this way, is that once the photos are in the photo sleeve pages, you are ready to enjoy & share them ~ even if you haven't added all the other fun embellishments. You don't have to pull out boxes or envelopes of photos to share with family or friends ~ just pull out your book in progress.
Honestly, I’m really tired of thinking about it all the time. I’m tired of thinking about my life period. What I really want to do is curl up with a stack of books and just read, absorb myself in a delightful world of fiction, or immerse myself in history of the real world. I’ve never liked thinking about my own life; it simply stresses me out and depresses me too much.
The thing about a lot of satirists is that they can be a bit aggressive, even downright vicious, but that’s not what we get here. In his book on the subject George Test writes:
and 1 scrapbook pages accepted in a one month period. In other words,
IBM founder Thomas Watson, who cooperated with the Nazis for the sake of profit.
Spicy Pork, Vegetable Gumbo Soup served with Rice
While that’s perfectly normal, it is terribly triggering. And yet, I am reminded that I have my own truth inside my body.
10/10 – Soundstage – Conway, AR
‘The individuals charged in this plot were intent on using violence to express their ideological views,’ Special Agent Stephen D. Anthony, who oversees the FBI’s Cleveland division, said in a statement.
Humans have even adapted to life at night, sleeping part of the day away and then working some more at night; however, thanks to inventions like electricity and air conditioning and the standard work and school day, most westernized nations are up all day and sleep at night. This has perhaps made us more wary of what we might fear lurks in the dark since we are not so well adapted to seeing at night, especially when the moon is not out or lurking behind clouds. Some people even propose that the moon can change animal and human behavior based on phases, especially the full moon. Many folks report changes in their own behavior based on the phases of the moon! Many myths center on the moon and her appearance in the sky. Most of us are familiar with the connection between various werewolf and lycan myths and the full moon, but there are many more – fairies, vampires, ghosts and goblins. The fear of not being able to see what is there like we can in daylight hours can fuel any number of beliefs.
Likewise, doubters should ask the ICAC to deny that the flow chart information is authentic.
Just the other night, my dear wife turned to me in exasperation, asking, “Where is all of our money going?” (She might not have used those exact words, but you get the drift.” Like the answer to a prayer, the United States Department of Agriculture provided the reason way back on June 9. I just happened to hear about it on the radio this morning.
I am he that doth speak: behold, it is I. Is. 52:6
When I have enough, I’m going to start giving these away to everyone I know. Five pounds of these guys (which could fit in this container) could eat 5lbs of matter per day, including paper! I suspect that they actually eat it a little slower than that, but there is less in there than there was when I started this bin. Imagine how much paper waste could be reduced if everyone had a worm bin!
I saw this recently and I just absolutely love it. It calls for you to go after all your dreams without fear. As we have grown up in a generation where the gap between formal schooling and settling down to start a family is only growing, we have had the time to ponder what our dreams really are. Heck, we have grown up in a generation where settling down doesn’t even have to be an option! Some would say we have more freedom to make our own choices than ever before. This freedom has given us the opportunity to ask ourselves questions that have come to be associated with the “quarter life crisis”:
Reach Andrew Knapp at 937-5414 or twitter.com/offlede.
From this end there’s
“I don’t care what you say,” Ty said. “I don’t think that it’s right.”
Various ancient medical streams like Ayurveda and Yunani have been using honey for years in medicine to strengthen the semen of men. Two tablespoons of honey before they go to sleep is what is prescribed by many experienced practitioners. This combination will work wonders for women as well. In China, Japan and other Asian countries, if the women who do not conceive, and or if their uterus is week, then they have been prescribed cinnamon powder. Women who cannot conceive may take a pinch of cinnamon powder in half a teaspoon of honey, and apply it on the gums frequently throughout the day, so that it slowly mixes with the saliva and enters the body.
From breakfast to light lunch and beyond, these simple, tasty dishes are among those favourites prepared and served everyday by Natalie and her family in their food store and at home. The recipes offer a fresh look at how to eat well every day, in the signature Dulcie May Kitchen style.
3 cups finely chopped strong onions 200C
Like on Halloween, for example, the idea of a couples costume (Me: TSA Agent / Jeremy: Traveler) sounded so rad - but the idea of executing said costume and finding a party made me tired. And it would've been so easy! I mean - blue latex gloves and a suitcase and frisky hands.
If you are based in the US, and would like to meet some of the leading players in sustainable business, we're bringing them together on June 28-29 to debate some of the most important topics.
One can safely assume that the very first primitive calendars were not designed from heavy rocks but simple sticks and stones carefully positioned in the ground. I think it is also safe to assume that this seemingly unimportant pastime was only practised by a select few in the clan, -- people with an inquisitive mind and a hunger for knowledge. In the early stages those inquisitive minds probably never even anticipated that members of their tribe would one day treat them as Lords, and possibly elect them as chiefs of the tribe.
Here’s the ad.
3) Defying structure to mine the circumstantial (continue a great conversation and be late to the opening remarks if that’s what makes sense).
They never told me going to school meant doing homework.
Yeah, it's that kind of movie.
But I will be back. For your chocolate studded cookies, Levain, and your dreamy peanut butter ones, City Bakery. For cupcakes—strawberry rhubarb from Batch, banana from Billy’s and even a good, old sugar rush from Magnolia. I will look forward to your toasted almond glaze, Doughnut Plant, and for, mon dieu, your chocolate bread pudding, Dessert Truck.
Furthermore, Rihanna will receive Nivea sponsorship for her upcoming LOUD tour
I want to talk today about life and what it makes its essence. Many times I was wondering what is the purpose of life; why here, why now and most of all what are we trying to accomplish here?
It is all positive and all negative. It just is.
Heat oil in skillet.
It was only after assembling the salad that I realized it had the word “feta” in the title. And a bunch of feta in the bowl. Feta is cheese, and therefore not vegan. Upon realizing this after the construction of my vegan-friendly salad, or so I thought, I slipped it into the fridge, sat down at the table, and collapsed in hysterical embarrassed giggles. Thankfully, the cleric ordered me to go lie down for two hours, so I was able to make it through the game session after all. Barely.
My family has been sharing a yucky cold this week. I thought I would manage to escape it but yesterday I felt a funny tickle in my throat and knew I was doomed. (sigh) I took echinacea, goldenseal and vitamin C right away. That evening I introduced homeopathic spongia toasta to my system, and before bed I did a salt-water gargle. I thought for sure I would wake up feeling dreadful this morning, but all I had was that same tickle in my throat. Thank God. I asked Him to please give me the strength I needed to do housework today -- and He did! I had energy for the most part of the day. My Great Physician is so good!
" Sorry, I am not a fan of rewards cards so this is not something I do"
Clutch: Via Vai (Panama)
Color Usage: Scralet
The other eating adventure was last night before the football game. Gary decided we should try the Arrogant Butcher in downtown Phoenix at CityScape, which is also listed as one of the 23 best new restaurants. Score! We had several appetizers: crescenza cheese with razz cherry marmalade and crusty bread, prosciutto and hot coppa served with house-made mustard and crusty bread, grilled asparagus, roasted peppers, and marinated olives. Oh. so. good. And light. We ended with a salted caramel pudding. Which Gary said he would taste. And then he ate over half of it, because it just melted in your mouth. Yum! If you live anywhere in the Valley of the Sun, take a trip downtown and try this unique place! I think you will love it.
This is precisely why females as a gender cannot get ahead.
There were fewer empty tables than last year, and both selling and trading activity were heavy. It was really nice to see something I haven't seen at a show for a couple of years: dealers stocking up. I sold more than I've sold at any show since the 2008 meltdown, and I heard many of the other dealers say the same thing. By the end of the day on Sunday, that left many of us looking like this:
I’d love to hear your thoughts on the show as you watch it this time around.
I remember the first time I ever heard the phrase “work-life balance.” It was 1995 and I was standing in the company cafeteria listening to our group VP tell a story to illustrate how he was trying to model the behavior. Before leaving on his most-recent vacation with his family, he told his staff that he would not be checking e-mail or phone messages and generally would not be available for work-related issues. The VP paused for effect at the end of his story, I guess to impress upon all of us what a radical departure this was for him and his staff. My co-workers and I exchanged puzzled looks. We couldn’t imagine making ourselves available to discuss work issues during our time off.
I love you little girl...you're amazing.
Which strikes me as rather odd.
go back,
“If 300 is the canned peaches, then Wanted is the emergency beef jerky.”
I’m making money off of these complicated children adventures
You do if -
Audrey sighed as she cast a quick glance toward the door where Kat had lined up her pink plaid luggage. One oversized rectangular case and one large round one, both on wheels, both packed to full capacity.
Kaley Cuoco and Kristen Bell hit the purple carpet at the 20th Anniversary of the Alzheimer’s Association’s “A Night At Sardi’s” fundraiser and awards dinner event held at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on Wednesday (March 21) in Beverly Hills, California.
12 noon Dec. 8 (1982)
For our rejoicing is this, the testimony of our conscience, that in simplicity and godly sincerity, not with fleshly wisdom, but by the grace of God, we have had our conversation in the world, and more abundantly to you-ward. 2 Corinthians 1:12 (KJV)
“Oh it exists!” I told her, “but it's a subtle thing, like when US Presidents shapeshift on Youtube – you have to be receptive of it. We'll hit the next one together. You just stand by and watch.”
Overall, if we have a good series of results from summer training and develop and perfect our team chemistry; make Canales as permanent head coach; have two very well thought out draft picks that work with us; we will be the team to beat next season. We will have so much talent and so much energy; it will be really tough to beat us. With Babbit and Wesley Matthews nailing threes left and right; Flynn making incredible passes and plays; Hickson and Aldridge being unstoppable power forces; Prizbylla getting lots of rebounds and blocks with Hickson and Aldridge; this team will be the next dream team (the first since the Drexler, Williams, Porter, Kersey and Duckworth era).
I swear that just yesterday I had only one child and she was a sweet baby Girl. I made the mistake of blinking and now she is 11! That’s right, ELEVEN! Next month she will be 11 1/2. Where did my baby go?
Until an injured troll shows up bearing every indication of being healed by Benilo.
EEYORE we all know would probably be less excited about painting Easter Eggs, so why not create one of his favorite food — thistles, of course! All you need are some crayons, a little spinach and also purple and green acrylic paints. Draw the thistle with a crayon, to prevent the area from being dyed. Boil the spinach, letting it simmer for 45 minutes. Put the egg into the water to color it green. The crayon colored thistle won’t dye (due to the wax in the crayon), so you can use acrylic paints to finish your egg. Even Eeyore would have to admit it looks
Take a peek:
It’s almost, dare I say, overkill?
Just an update of what I've been up to craft-wise. I'm trying to refine my skills and work not just to complete a project, but to be better the next time. So, although I don't have too much to show for, I'm happy with what I've done.
Photo Credit: CC=Stephen Rees nc-nd-flickr. CLICK TO ENLARGE
If you didn't already know, she is Matthew Rice's mother....
Well the dawn was coming,
My first session with Kristina went very, very fast. I felt a little scattered as I tried to fill her in on the gist of things from why I wanted to switch therapists to what some of the stressors in my life are right now. She had her own fair share of questions which only kind of added to the broad summary of things that I gave without too many specific details. I did mention some of the abuse and she was able to share some insight she has that leads me to believe she will be able to help me heal from the stuff that happened with Jermaine, which is good.
There is a great opportunity for you to take action NOW on seeing an end to extreme poverty in May through the Live Below the Line campaign (eating and drinking on less than $2AUD, $1.50USD, £1GBP per day each day for five days May 7-11)…
I need to finish it up before my brother gets back from his night out.
Feel free to reach out to us if you’re heading to Shanghai, we can give you a more in depth scoop on culinary enlightenment.
See, René was able to stretch this formula into almost 100 films, all of which were directed, produced, written and gaffed in his home country south of the border. There were some intriguing titles too, like The Treasure Of The Amazon, Guyana: Cult Of The Damned, The Bermuda Triangle, Beaks: The Movie, Guns and Guts and that indispensable MBZ standby, Night Of A 1000 Cats.
AN OPEN LETTER TO PRESIDENT OBAMA
Step 1: Choose your container and fill with Oasis/Florist foam. Either pre-soak the foam before placing it in the container or make sure you continually add water to the container until the foam has absorbed absolutely everything it can. You don't want a wilted arrangement!
I’ve discussed (i) before in a couple different places (here and in the comments here). It is essentially a matter of how we should understand the notion of ‘ought’ or ‘should’, whether we should a) take its use in descriptions of what ought to be as explanatorily primary, b) take its use in descriptions of what we ought to do as explanatorily primary, or c) deny that there is any sort of explanatory priority between the two. The dispute is essentially a matter of whether we should think of the principle deontic modal operator which we can apply to propositions (analogous to the alethic modal operator ‘It is necessary that…’) as principally meaning ‘It should be the case that…’ or ‘One should make it the case that…’, or whether there just are two different meanings that cannot be reduced to each other. For ease of use, I’m going to talk about this in terms of whether the deontic (or binding) should be understood principally in terms of ideal states of affairs (or just ideal states), in terms of obligations to act as more ordinarily understood, or neither. It’s important to point out that the notion of ideal state subsumes the more common notion of function, the best examples of which are technical and biological functions (e.g., ‘the heart should pump blood around the body’, and ‘the power cable should conduct electricity’, respectively).
I know I have been away for a really long time ( eek almost a year now) not great when I opted for the post a day challenge. Might see if they do a post a year challenge, might be a bit safer going for that one!
Like Bloomberg, Grace entered New York politics only after establishing a business empire that spanned the globe. In fact, Grace's resume hardly seems to foretell a future in local politics at all.
This particular example is always interesting to me, because I had a stereo when I was little that had an 8-track, even though that was pretty old technology by that point (yes, I'm young). Still- to think of how many changes there have been in JUST my short lifetime of a quarter decade... it's pretty crazy. (I mean, my uncle sold car phones when I was a kid- remember those things?!)
I miss: being around blog land and reading other blogs more that I ever thought I would.
KERA SHOP ANGEL was filled with loveliness, and I had a lot of fun trying out different accessories on my head! A lot of items were 20 or 30% off. I really admired the hats from corgi-corgi, which are even nicer than they appear in KERA and GLB. My companion was kind enough to buy me one, a pretty milk-tea coloured affair with a brim heaped with velvety brown roses! A very nice Christmas present, thank you~
I write to you with a request. As you may have noticed, swearing and offensive
but it is a 1st person shooter,
From Mr Darcy's Obsession by Abigail Reynolds
I have many ideas on how we can improve Augusta County. For example, I support immediately beginning a new property assessment and implementing a tax holiday for new small businesses in their first year. I have a proposal on how to lessen the burden of accounting for small business assets, incentives for volunteer fire fighters to increase their ranks, and changing the county budget to a zero based process. I am also in favor of staggering the elections of our Board of Supervisors here in Augusta.
The Team at "Rory's Garden"
attendance.
Can you tell us about your challenges in getting your first book published?
After your session, you can expect an e-mail with your photo gallery. These are not the finished prints, but simply a preview. Choose your favorite shots and any special requests (ie-"Please make image #6 black and white"). Within 2 weeks (and usually much sooner), you will receive a disk with the full-size image files, including a copyright release so that you can make as many prints as you'd like. Please see pricing for further details.
Now place one sleeve into one hole. You can pin it or stretch it to fit if you cut too large, don't stress it. Fleece is forgiving. Sew the sleeves on (pic C).
However, tonight I felt comfortable, confident, funny, interesting and attractive. It was such a good feeling.
Some people wonder what good it has done me to believe or to follow the teachings of Christ. I have suffered greatly, and my life has been unfulfilling in many ways. I have not prospered financially or succeeded in relationships. I still am wounded in my heart. So how has my faith benefited me?
Ahhhh...LIFE AS I KNOW IT!!!
Then we lifted the top half up on the bottom. I am good at lifting but the bottom half is chest high so
Bake in a hot oven for about 30 minutes, or until golden-brown and firm-middled.
I’m not sure how old I was when I first heard about the women who were being sexually violated, horribly mutilated, and discarded like garbage in the desert surrounding Ciudad Juarez, Mexico. The femicide that has claimed the lives of hundreds of women–with thousands more unaccounted for–began in 1993, although no one can really know for sure. Looking at several of the time frames listed in Making a Killing: Femicide, Free Trade, and La Frontera and doing the math, I was stunned to realize that I’ve been hearing about this femicide for at least fifteen years now. Over the years, I’ve been even more stunned to learn how many people still don’t know that the murders are even taking place.
Difference- $988
This YouTube channel features screencast lessons made by real teachers like you and me. I've been making all of my own for the past year - and while not too difficult, this can be time consuming. Here I've found a great host of videos to download, free and easy! What's more, they are sorted into channels according to teacher (if you find someone who has a similar approach to teaching as you, and want to find more videos by him/her) or by math strand (number sense, geometry, algebra, etc.)!
And yet we still hear bad songs, cliches, naff rhymes, lines that don't scan. Songs that make absolutely no sense. And that's just some of the hits....
Materials: Cardstock, Pearl Heart Brad, 1/16 inch thick 3D-Dots
He lived in a time when men wore cravats, listened to the wireless, and where walking was still a common mode of transport (when he heard that World War II had broken out he walked 80 miles to try and sign up). In his own words:
My 2nd stripey pouch, was a bit tatty as I felted it in a hurry .
The author, Dr. Clemens Heni, was among the first five Post-Doctoral Researchers at the Yale Initiative for the Interdisciplinary Study of Antisemitism (YIISA) in 2008 and 2009. In 2011 he established the Berlin International Center for the Study of Antisemitism (BICSA). In summer 2011 he will publish his groundbreaking 430 pages study on Schadenfreude. Islamic Studies and antisemitism in Germany after 9/11.
Shelters all over the world are at full capacity. There are ways to help if, like me, you simply cannot take in another pet.
"We'll get a big one," Doug said, even though we both knew that too large a crate defeated the purpose. (If the crate is too big, the dog just pees in the far end.)
Without anymore waiting, here is my belly picture for this week and also some pictures from the Marine Corps Ball.
Within the next month he slapped my face twice, I ran away from that relationship too!
I also spent 2 years earning independant study credit by teaching art once a week to 4th graders in my brother-in-law's classroom. When I graduated college I continued teaching comic drawing at many of the local galleries, museum of art, and through the city recreation department and the public libraries (I'll be teaching a couple teen-Manga workshops this summer if anyone is local). At one point I was working 30 hrs./week for Copic and teaching 5 different workshops to kids each week. That's a lot of art!
xyz_0 : a single disk (in the enclosure based naming scheme)
Its something that everyone talks about, thinks about, dreams about, eats about (… ?) What even is love, is it passion?pain?desire? who knows?!As we age our definition of love changes, our outlook on its importance alters, our beliefs to its exsistance will falter but ultimately our world is consumed by love. No, seriously, it is something the world is “full of” yet apperently we alsways need more. It’s word used so friviously it looses so much of its intened beauty. I myself can admit to being rather frivilious with my ‘love’ ( and not in the inueded term either) . It’s like the time my principal told us “we need more love at this school … just not the kind or love between two people”. That must mean there are multiple kinds or love, but then how can you tell what ‘love’ you feel? Is there a flow chart or a ven diagram or something to help us out? Alas there is not. Now I know that my youthful age means I have no right to speak with authority on the subject, in any decent depth, however as a teenage girl I do like to pretend I have felt these kinds of things. Love for family is different to love for a partner, no? And is again different to the love we have for inanimate objects (yes people argue that it isnt reall love, just projected stuff, but I hold a dear spot for sentimentality) . I try to kid myself into not beleiving the fairytale love, because well life isnt a movie – no matter how hard we hope, ( unless you have an awesome life and they do make a movie about it …) but alas the power of peer preasure and cliché romance does get to you ( even as an observer) (wow I sound creepy) . I could talk or type about love for hours, it really does grind my gears . I write about it a lot, though generally not altogether flattering. So here is my little poem-y thingy about the inexactitude of love …
loose on one side, not as tight as the other,
Who goes howling without a key -
As I was on my way home, I saw a landmark that was not too far from where I was. I said to myself, I will jog to it – it was an EASY target. Then the thoughts started coming. I could actually hear myself talk me out of doing it. I did run to that landmark. And the next. But it was the negative thoughts the ‘negative lady’ was saying…
The answer is: If possible, I will prepare all three responses! Why? Because each will be the optimal action in a particular set of circumstances.
And then this got me thinking again about the whole religious angle. I mean, besides me mentioning at the start of all this the fact that the darn things looked like mini bibles, you know? Cause, well, isn't this what kind of happened with the stories of the bible? Weren't those events supposed to be a part of our past? Weren't they all witnessed by different people, who then passed their versions back and forth verbally, until finally someone, somehow, committed these versions of the events to paper later on? Just how reliable are those events... the events we are supposed to believe in so unflinchingly, the events that are preached to us when we sit in church during the Sunday masses? Events that are told to us from a collective group of people who were not there to witness them for themselves. Should I even be making this kind of connection? Was any of this Adam Novy's intent?
Mother’s Day is fast approaching and in that spirit we have complied a list of ten heartwarming flicks to watch with mom. Now I know some of the guys might do a universal groan but come on gents, she gave you life, suck it up for a few hours.
those who come to play each week and I wish them success in
See, on Day Two, most of the soldiers decided that the presentations were just too brutal, and most played hookie. Yep, including Mr. Yarnworks. We started off by wandering around downtown Sioux Falls, but since it was Sunday, most everything was closed. So we ended up mostly sitting around outside chatting with his war buddies.
Instead, they have an infestation of fun-suckers.
You can imagine I had a long Monday morning when I read this and no one in the US was awake until 2 PM my time.
But Sides doesn’t mention the name James Earl Ray until page 321. Up until that point, Ray is known by his aliases, especially Eric Galt, and also Ramon Sneyd, and Harvey Lowmeyer. This was a thrilling and haunting read. A book like this could easily have been sold as fiction and would have been a bestselling novel about the hunt for an assassin. But that it was about Martin Luther King’s assassin makes it so much more eerie. I almost didn’t want to enjoy this book, but it was a terrific tale that illuminated a perspective of 1968 that must be explored.
Observe his chiclet style teeth. Imagine an entire book peopled with those smiles and those teeth, and no friendly anthropomorphic sunflowers, either. The best you get is some malevolent looking mice.
He and approximately 60 other former Episcopal priests around the United States, many of whom are married, are studying for the priesthood using a teleconferencing system to hear lectures and discuss their intense course of readings. While some men join the teleconference alone, Hough gathers with several other men at a Catholic church.
never helped a fourth grader with his math.
I also recommend the Cedarwood Restaurant, which is just west of the cooperage, for authentic country cooking and ambiance.
The Gel-technology is an excellent alternative to acrylics that sooner or later end up destroying your nails and which studies have shown, may be linked to nail cancer. This technology is also a great option to traditional nail polishes that contain toxic chemicals and can chip and flake off after a few days.
Oh, this issue. Well, the good news is, instead of a bunch of shorts or pin-ups, it featured three full length stories. Suspiciously full-length; to the point I suspected them of being unused fill-in issues being burnt off. The first story, "Fireworks," featured the Johnny Blaze Ghost Rider, and is footnoted as set before 1983's Ghost Rider #80. Blaze and carnival buddy Red take a vacation on their bikes, but run afoul of a small town with a survivalist cult, anti-nuke protesters, a troubled-but-pretty pyromaniac, and a sheriff who seems fairly reasonable but isn't above locking you up indefinitely for mouthing off.
Because now I can click over to my email and answer just one more, switch to Evernote and work just a little bit more, spend another second tweaking the page I put in Dropbox, and then shame spiral my way onto Facey Face before my little eyes start to droop and ultimately my iPad smacks me in the face as I fall asleep. (Seriously.)
Ocean Drive @ SoBe Luxury Residence
Forever I’ll sing that
Gregory: Plouffe says Mitt Romney has no soul
Here are a few inspiration pictures I found:
It's a cunning line, based on the reported words of Rupert Murdoch in the Wall Street Journal earlier this week. Murdoch, referring to News Corp's handling of the crisis since it broke, said they'd handled it well with only and few "minor mistakes". I've now seen this has been reinterpreted by some (BBC reporters and Labour politicians, including John Prescott, so far) as meaning the accusations against the News of the World (such as the accessing of Milly Downler's voicemails) were minor mistakes. Clever. There will be many that may disagree that News Corp have handled the crisis well with only a few minor mistakes, but no one would agree that the accusations regarding the accessing of innocent private individuals' voicemails, including victims of crime, are minor mistakes. Indeed, it's a line that, had he actually said it, would add to the public outrage and focus it more sharply on Rupert Murdoch himself. Which is, of course, their agenda.
She can also correctly point to the following body parts when asked: nose, hair, ear, foot, belly, tongue (the last one she just sticks out at you).
"I don't remember that incident," Romney told Kilmeade. "I tell you I certainly don't believe that I ... thought the fella was homosexual. That was the furthest thing from our minds back in the 1960s. So that was not the case. But as to pranks that were played back then, I don't remember them all but again, high school days - if I did stupid things I'm afraid I gotta say sorry for it."
I’d say more about Courtney, but like, we get it by now. She’s a lying asshole. She’s awesome at the Bachelor. I think we’re all ready for the season to end and for her to be where she belongs: in the background of a commercial her family Tivos and makes their friends watch while drinking neon green margaritas in their Scottsdale home that they NAMED. Fuck it, I am naming my house too. Let’s call it El Rancho Guapo. Boom. El Rancho Guapo, home of Captain Handsome and his circus of trainer lazer bears.
Nickelodeon you messed up bruv!! This show was a fail!
Fry up 2 strips (or four for the more adventurous and cardiac unclogged) and in the bacon grease, cook a cup of diced potatoes. I seasoned them with Thyme to add a hint of sweetness. In the opened bun, my base layer is a couple of slices of maple syrup ham, topped with the home fries, then the bacon and a handful of cheese. Try pepper jack for a little kick to it. Broil it til brown and the cheese has melted then slather the other face with the French onion dip. Don't be stingy - the sauce really makes the sammich.
Because if everything is ultimately material, all causal efficacy must come from matter. So consciousness is recognized, spirituality is recognized, but only as causal epiphenomena, or secondary phenomena. And an epiphenomenal consciousness is not very good. I mean, it’s not doing anything. So, although these books acknowledge our spirituality, the spirituality is ultimately coming from some sort of material interaction.
Telegraph.co.uk
A pressing ham comes in really handy with a project like this. There are lots of rounds and curves to be pressed. For some reason, I have never gotten around to buying one, though I probably should. If you don't have one at hand, don't worry! I use a rolled hand towel to get the shape I need for pressing and it works nicely in a pinch.
Who is Pika?
Note: While I did not peel my eggplant, I did notice that the peel side of the strips did not hold the crust very well. I decided to use the parts that were fully covered in peel for other things. Just a bit of peel on the tips really won’t affect it much.
22. Name 3 people who will complete this?
There are many different types and styles of socks if you think about it. A few of these on the list were new terms for me but, generally speaking what was “old” often is “new” again in the world of socks. I remember wearing knee highs as a young person and they were commonly worn. Knee highs are making a come-back. The twist is that they are funky and are being worn to not match on purpose. They are also being worn by people of all ages. Also popular are over-the-knee socks, leg warmers (which are worn below the knee yet above the ankle), and what is known as footless socks. They are similar to tights but have no fitted foot area connected.
Afterwards, Young Ho takes the president’s call and she chews him out. Stressed, he places a call to Tan Ya. He’s delighted just at the sound of her calling his name. She wonders why he’s calling her and he explains that he’s stressed at all of his annoying employees.
The charges include a multi-count indictment against Vincent George Sr. (George Sr.), 55, and his son, Vincent George Jr. (George Jr.), 33, for sex trafficking, money laundering and promoting prostitution. On April 6, 2012, those defendants, along with Grip Entertainment, a company created by George Jr. in part to provide a seemingly legitimate business through which the organization laundered sex trafficking proceeds, were arraigned in New York State Supreme Court in Manhattan.
Watermark
All of the Design Team member's have some amazing creations.
OMG! as my daughter likes to say. I've been sick AS THE DOG. Yep! sick as the dog because the puppy and I are sick with different ailments but ailments all the same. First the hubz came home from a business trip with a cold and gave it to everyone in the entire house. Then if that wasn't bad enough the head cold turned into something more; the flu. I pride myself on rarely getting sick and I tell you what, I've spent the last few days in BED with the hubz taking over mommy duties and to his credit trying his best but failing miserably.
Turn off network connections you aren’t using.
That's about it for now - I've just been messaged to do more work, so gotto fly!! Hopefully I'll be able to sit down and really blog again - lately it's just been updates!!
The only thing one can say for certain about this tale is that it’s either true or false. It’s a logical dichotomy that cannot be avoided. Bieber has vehemently denied everything, claiming that Miss Yeater is a hoaxer and an embezzler and not his type. His bodyguards have backed-up his story, pointing out that they are trained to prevent licentious hussies from invading Justin’s personal space and ravishing him for nefarious ends. The maligned woman has tearfully stuck to her story, portraying herself as the delicate rose who got pollinated by an aggressive little wasp.
But I read on, and found the story so carefully particular in its construction of character and detail, and the progression toward "truth" so inexorable, that I was carried easily first into acceptance, and then into intent, almost desperate, interest. And now, having read it, my questions are much more philosophical--what price is safety worth? and how does the telling of the past shape the present? It became, in my mind, as much an extended metaphor as a straight story, and although I probably won't re-read it, it will stick in my mind just fine regardless. This was Leah Bobet's first book, and I'll definitely be reading her second!
Place a portion of rice on a plate and top it with a fillet and place mango slaw ontop of the fillet (if desired).
Since I began my creative life with embroidery it followed that when I discovered bead embroidery I'd be totally taken in by it! While embroidering with beads is certainly different than with thread or yarn, I find that I get the same satisfaction from doing it. And, as with most of what I do, I find that I improvise a lot. Here is a picture of one of the first projects I made using bead embroidery.
changes will be dramatic, giving “the State Executive Committee the power to choose candidates in any and every county anywhere in the entire state.” When Marano quit the party last year he said only MacKay and another member control the parties money. It took 3 trials to convict John Gotti. It is doubtful if MacKay will ever see the inside of a court room for corrupting the Independence Party. The city DA's who count on the Independence party and corrupt pols to get reelect will never set up sting operations and wire taps like the feds did when that caught Kruger, Boyland, Mclaughlin, Seminerio and many others in the act of committing crimes.
“Old Girl, Old Boy” is brilliantly disconcerting, and, admittedly, will take a few more listens before I really get what might be going on. Spending more time with this album may or may not be a good thing, though, because those big jungle birds sound really fucking creepy.
Vest:: Dot's
. . . I know, I'm a fucking tease!
No wonder we look to the Christian religion for our morals. God really does provide guidance to use on morals when we let him into our hearts. The same morals that guide Christians to rape children, support war and torture based on lies, I guess. I wonder what our world would be like without morals like these?
I had to laugh because I’ve had two vegetarian boyfriends in my lifetime, one of whom wanted me to like veggie burgers and bbq tofu so bad, and I was unmoved. I actually texted him to tell him I haven’t eaten meat in three weeks. He probably didn’t recognize my number, lol.
guy: no problem at all officer I just wanna talk to someone who can help me out!
Brack mini brads
Motherhood thus becomes a holy calling, a sacred dedication for carrying out the Lord’s plans, a consecration of devotion to the uprearing and fostering, the nurturing in body, mind, and spirit, of those who kept their first estate and who come to this earth for their second estate “to see if they will do all things whatsoever the Lord their God shall command them.” (Abraham 3:25.) To lead them to keep their second estate is the work of motherhood, and “they who keep their second estate shall have glory added upon their heads for ever and ever.” (op. cit.)
“The body of Calvert Vaux, the missing landscape architect, was found in Gravesend Bay at the foot of Bay 17th Street, Bath Beach, at 9:30 ‘o clock this morning. A workman on Fry’s coal dock first saw the body being tossed about in the rough water, but when he rushed to the shore to secure the corpse it disappeared. It was some minutes later before Mr. Fry himself saw it drifting alongside the bulkhead out to sea again. With a boat hook he succeeded in bringing it close to shore. The police had been notified in the meantime and Acting Captain Barford and Roundsman Gaughran of the Twenty-fifth sub-precinct hurried to the spot. The tide was high and very rough, which made it very difficult to secure the body. It was finally necessary for someone to go right in after it and without a moment’s hesitation both Barford and Gaughran walked in up to their waists. They then succeeded in bringing the body high up on the beach. The police surmised the moment the word came in that a body was found that it was more than likely that of the missing Mr. Vaux.
The second is from Organic Manifesto: How Organic Farming Can Heal Our Planet, Feed the World, and Keep Us Safe by Maria Rodale.
I used my new EK Success border punch to create the pretty leaf border. After stamping and cutting out th dragonflies I covered the wings with some Stickles to add that fun "glitteriness" to it! Do you like my new word? ;P Recognize that texture stamp? I used the long strip from "Timeless Textures" to create my variegated water scene--fun, huh?
When Charlotte Brody, a lonely 17-year-old student at a new school, receives an invitation to join The League of Strays, she's intrigued by the group's promise of "instant friendship." The League does provide companionship--and even a love interest--but Charlotte grows increasingly uncomfortable with its sinister mission to seek revenge against the bullies of Kennedy High. When escalating acts of vengeance threaten to hurl her down a path of remorse, Charlotte must choose between her new friends and the direction
The High Commission is aiming to gather at least 1,000 Malaysians for this ‘informal’ event.
Eileen is having trouble finding backers for her workshop once people realize her slimy soon-to-be-ex Jerry isn't in the picture; there are definitely still feelings between the two of them. Complexity rears its head. Eileen also continues the trend of throwing her drink in his face whenever he shows up and is obnoxious and it seriously NEVER GETS OLD. Another favorite moment is when Dev turns up to be inappropriately possessive of Karen during her meeting with Derek. They play the British pissing contest game pinpointing accents, comparing schools and generally sizing one another up. The funny part about it? I have SO HEARD this conversation from Brits over and over and over again. Anyway, Karen goes home to her friend's baby shower and has a heart-to-heart with her parents, this one ending with them being more supportive. Her dad is really sweet.
I am proud to share that yesterday I received the Emma Marie Baird Volunteer Award for my volunteer work over the years with Army Community Services and Family Readiness Groups. At a minimum you have to volunteer with ACS for five years and have over 3,750 hours! What also makes it pretty cool is that very few of this are awarded Army wide! Last year only six people received it, one being my good friend Sandy. I don't know how many received it this year but I know it wasn't that many. It's quite humbling to have been nominated at all and even more humbling to receive it. The Garrison Command also gave me one his coins which is always nice since Kevin and I have a friendly little competition going in the challenge coin department.
Anti-racism is a codeword for Anti-White.
A couple of aspects worth mentioning which I will go into more detail as I progress with the documentary:
i won't be able to access my account for 24 hours....
Cystic fibrosis is so frustrating in the way that it claims the life of many, silently grips harder and harder on the lives of some, and leaves other lives seemingly untouched. I fall somewhere in the middle, where I've experienced the difficulties of cf but have never reached the point that many CFers have. But just like many CFers have come to realize, I know that I am not invincible, and the nature of cf is that it never goes away... and mainly it only gets worse. In some ways, though I have heard, read, and seen the ways that cf affects people at the end of their lives, there is still much to learn and understand. I have read the stories of cf warriors who have waited for and received lung transplants, I have mourned the loss of countless CFers, some who I had formed some sort of relationship with, others who were simply a name and a story, and I have been supportive of the lives of those CFers who I have gotten to know currently. Through all of this, I have been inspired.... inspired by people who lead fearless lives, who still lead beautiful lives in the face of adversity, and who had the unfair circumstances to be one of CF's victims. Sitting here knowing that I can breathe a full breath while other people with cf aren't as lucky is so very difficult. It is difficult to not feel guilty, to want to switch places, to scream that it isn't fair. It isn't fair that right now, there is no stopping cf. Though we can delay its progression and treat its symptoms, it still sneaks by, it still kills people who deserve to live, and it still causes pain and worry in many others lives.
The dark irony in Anders Behring Breivik’s courtoom ranting about multiculturalism is that his own worldview is riddled with that divisive ideology. Breivik poses as a one-man army against the evils of multiculturalism and the “Cultural Marxists” who have foisted it upon us. Yet in everything from his plea to respect “my culture” to his paranoid belief that “his culture” is under threat from both uncaring officials and uncouth plebs, Breivik reveals that he is in fact an adherent to the multicultural outlook. His view of himself as a threatened “culture”, his cloying self-pity, his paranoia about his traditions being trampled underfoot by Others – all of those warped ideas spring from the ideology of multiculturalism.
Another blog on turning L’Amfiparnaso into English! Hey, how hard can translating be? It’s just a simple matter of finding an English equivalent and doing the “Moon, June, Croon, Poltroon” bit to finish it off, right?
Here are the free comics I took:
we talked today and I told him I will always resent him for writing that. and I will never forget it. I told him my son comes before him ALWAYS whether he is dead or alive. and I cant talk to him about my son and he is the most important thing in my life other then rainbow. and I dont want to be with someone i cant talk to about him.
Bennett will be responsible for the ramp-up plans, training, and ultimate day-to-day operation of the new facility, a multi-million dollar, state-of-the-art visitors’ experience. The Center will offer a complete bourbon experience, from the illustrious seven-generation history of the Beam family, to the art of bourbon-making.
First Amendment Day at UNC-Chapel Hill is Tuesday, Sept. 27. Here is what it’s all about:
Am I missing something here?
I’m not gonna lie. I shed a few tears.
Am I disturbing you when you are sleeping?
Yesterday, I read an article written in the May edition of Vogue magazine about Genetically Modified Foods entitled “Lab to Table”. In it, writer Eve Conant reports the astounding (and DISTURBING) latest research about how many foods that many of us consume on a daily basis are actually made from foods that have been genetically engineered. The stats in this article were alarming, how many people are there that simply have no clue about what REALLY goes into their mouths and the mouths of their children?! I’d venture to guess a whole lotta people are in the dark because currently in North America there are no guidelines or regulations enforcing companies to label if their foods are made from GMOs (genetically modified organisms). The only guidelines concerning these “frankenfoods” are when it comes to organic because genetically engineered foods are prohibited in certified organic foods.
I told her how I had been ignoring hubby. She told me that by doing that, I was actually making him pull away further and therefore making him feel less loved which made me feel less loved. She begged me not to make any decisions until he is treated for the depression.
It would also mean I’d have to move again – it’d be my 9th address in 4 years.
First check this out! I found this when I was hunting through the amazing Green Shopping U.K. store where I downloaded some free e-books on permaculture. I don’t know about you, but I feel very guilty throwing batteries out. We have rechargeable batteries but this is a whole new ball park! I couldn’t believe that batteries would run on water…
All my creative blogger friends, I call upon you to predict what the meeting will be like. How will it work out? Will there be surprises? Will this person be anything like my image from exchanging posts over the past months?
If you're looking for fun places to go to with your family or for a date but can't think of anything, try visiting The Forks. Even though it's winter, they still have a lot going on and have a lot of great places to eat. Seriously, I barely scratched the surface on all the cool places to find food, plus I didn't even talk about the restaurants inside and surrounding the Forks.
‘Help. Meeeee………….’
The Sandlot is a great coming of age story and the adventure every man wished they had when they were younger.
LAZING - I'm all for lazing, especially on a tropical beach while hot and cold running waiters bring me iced mango juice. In fact, talking of lazing, after this very lengthy post, I think I'm going to do some of that!
Owner: City of Dearborn
In other words, the correct history is that Copernicus’ book was banned in 1549 by the Master of the Sacred Palace (which is like our prefect of the CDF today). Now, wouldn’t it have been more honest and certainly more beneficial for the reading audience for Mr. Palm to give this precise history since, as is apparent, he is claiming to be such a stickler for details?
I want to say 'thanks' to several people who helped me with this project. The biggest help was N, of course. He was so supportive and cheerfully spent the last 10 Wednesday nights at home with E. while I've been at class. I've really enjoyed becoming a mom and staying home with E. while working part time from home, and I think one of the things that has made the transition easier is that for one evening a week I was able work on a hobby I enjoy and to relax by myself. N. was very encouraging about me taking the class, which I really appreciated.
I just finished the first episode of Sherlock. And I have to say it’s a brilliant show.
Carlton Gardens : This park holds a special place in my heart as its the sight of the very first Valentines Day picnic for Mr J & I. Immaculately manicured and quite stately!
Don't have a blog? That's OK. Just post to any online gallery with the keywords TTC02 and TouchTwin and post a direct link in the comment section of this post.
At the tender age of 9 Mary Fitz inherited a fortune when her father, John Fitz, committed suicide. It should be no surprise that many had designs on her wealth. James I sold her to the Earl of Northumberland who married her off to his brother, Sir Alan Percy. Percy had no time to enjoy his ill gotten gains as he caught a fever while on a hunting trip
The Allies drop literature: "We fuelled those rumours by dropping leaflets on the enemy, warning them that you will not only kill them but you also will happily cook them for supper," and the Japanese suffer a universalized human response: "They don’t mind being killed but, like anyone else, they are not in any way eager to be eaten."
An infant can obtain milk from a bottle without the wide gape and consistent suction needed for a good breast latch. If the tongue-tied infant cannot maintain the tongue over the lower gum during sucking, the “phasic bite reflex” (chewing) is triggered. This chewing motion is ufficient to transfer milk from the bottle, but is clearly problematic at breast. Bottle feeding allows milk to drip into the mouth without effort, thus requiring less tongue muscle effort (such as tongue grooving, cupping and depression) than needed for breastfeeding. Breastfeeding requires well-defined peristalsis from the front to the back of the tongue as well as tongue–palate synchronization. Some tongue-tied infants cannot even manage a bottle.Even more simple forms of tongue tie can be overlooked. In Totally Tongue-Tied, Sheila, an experienced breastfeeding mom, describes her difficulties nursing her third baby. She had expressed concern to her pediatrician about possible tongue-tie, and he told her that " there was nothing wrong with Kyle's tongue since he could extend it out past his lips." But it turns out her baby was tongue-tied. His latch improved somewhat after the frenotomy, but he still had to learn how to latch, to drink, and to extend his tongue properly. She writes:
4. He never tried to see me.
she’ll fuck the homie’s
I have always been interested in food. Interested in eating and enjoying it, absolutely, but also more recently in its composition and effects on the body.
In the United States, we admire the Japanese culture. Therefore, for many is hard to believe that the Japanese committed atrocities and shared the same expansionist ambitions as the leftist/fascist dictators Hitler and Mussolini. (Yes, leftists, communists and fascists share the same ideologies: collectivism (reject individual freedom), big government, authoritarianism, Darwinism, suppression, censorship, indoctrination, etc.)
There’s always a final straw: a comment, a phone call, a tired explanation, a no-show, a forgotten birthday, or a missed game. Some little thing that pushes those we love past their ability to hold on. And to the uniformed, unsuspecting spouse —to the husband or wife who has lived with the fantasy that everything is just fine-it seems like a huge overreaction. They think: ”All I said was.” ”All I did was.”
But, it's the self-doubting "me" . . . . . . the "me" that tells myself these people are out of my league,
I'm guessing a consult with Dr. Hunkalicious, ENT, will be next. Yay!
77. A Time To Kill (Matthew McConaughey) – Never was there a more sympathetic character than the father in this movie.
I was 19 when Joey was born. He was the first baby in our family in a long time, and he was instantly adored by everyone. Visiting him in the hospital, he was the biggest baby in the nursery, well over 10lbs, and swaddled up tight, looking like a six month old next to all these teeny tiny newborns. He was chubby and cute and had something special about him already, drawing the attention of every visitor looking in the nursery window.
Other than noting my initial surprise that Beaton was the decorator of Raffles, I don't really want to add more to the already deep pool of blogger gush about him or his mildly repellant generation - Wallis Windsor, Beverly Nichols, et al.
When the twins where around 3 months old we had their baby blessings. There were three baby blessing that day and I still chuckle when I think two of those were mine! Ahhh, I promise the whole talking about twins will stop (eventually) lol. After church we headed over to my in-laws for dinner and of course I couldn't resist the opportunity to make these adorable baby cupcakes. They're not my own brain child unfortunately, these came out of the Planet Cake book which btw has funny crying baby cupcakes too!
Fabric marker
Next week will either be the crazy surf and turf I referenced previously or something else. I pickup a cooler full of cow organs this weekend courtesy of Uncle Billy, so, you’ve got that going for you.
Feature Running Time: 95 minutes
I found out my computer had a virus. I don't use anti-virus so I don't know how long it was there for but I don't care either. I removed it and quickly restored everything.
Occupy Wall Street protesters attacked some photographers covering the May Day protests today in New York, trying to damage or seize their cameras. There are no reported injuries but one photographer was hit in the face, another got in a “tug-of-war” with a protester over her camera, and another had her camera smashed into her face by a protesters, according to those at the scene.
And then quiet.
It’s patently obvious from listening to many of the thousands of sound bytes coming out of these malcontents that there is not an ounce of critical thinking in the whole bunch. If this is the ‘army’ from which Barry Hussein is going to forge his spearhead for 2012… please, please, Mr President, don’t stop now.
“OK. I’ll get back at you next week.” With that Andy left the room.
What I did with the silhouette is, I layered cityscape dies and adhered them under the silhouette piece. Cut a scrap paper the same size as the silhouette die cut piece. I placed it under the silhouette piece and marked the outline of the silhouette. Then I painted blue and violet colours on the scrap paper. When dry, I adhered the two pieces together. Isn't it beautiful? Wish I drew some birdies. But I am happy with what it is now.
Having an introverted personality is perfectly normal and healthy. Things become less healthy when one tries to be what one is not due to societal pressures. Walking the walk, and talking the talk of the extravert will not leave you feeling very comfortable in your skin. Accepting and loving who and what you are will empower you to do the most with the special gifts that your introverted disposition has graced you with – that innate power that you own to delve deeply into your mind and experience life on a level many can never hope to have access to.
To a certain extent, that is true.
in my old torn bathrobe.
The book moves quickly, and for many people this is a welcome change, because nobody who reads Sanderson is complaining about fewer descriptions of women’s clothing (that was overwhelmingly underwhelming), and nobody is concerned about the fact that fewer new characters are being written into the story. These are welcome changes to the series. But in missing these very things I came to realize just what a gifted author Jordan was. His descriptions at times could become cluttered, but on the whole they afforded his characters and action an unparalleled richness in fantasy literature. And so while Sanderson’s take on Jordan moves swiftly through the story there is also a thin quality. There is a lacking richness, not unlike the experience of ordering your favourite dish at a restaurant but walking away with the distinct feeling that there was a missing ingredient.
Puzzles & Worksheets- While students are doing puzzles/worksheets, etc. they may say a prayer. Students are asked to recite 5 prayers by the end of the year. A “We Know Our Prayers” chart is on the bulletin board. If the student can recite the prayer correctly, write the date on the chart, and they get to pick a prize from the prize bag.
Taa-daah...
5. Prefer Facebook or Twitter? Facebook all the way.
We figured that we should correct our grievous error and picked up some bakery items while we were driving by the other day. I think their pastries are on the average to good side (at least from the ones that we tried). Clockwise from the top: Cocktail Bun, Pineapple Bun, Egg Tart, and BBQ Pork Bun. My favourites were the egg tarts and the bbq pork bun.
Certain imprints have a certain style: Serpent's Tail, for instance, I always think of as 'a bit edgy'. They, after all, have brought us (perhaps most famously) Lionel Shriver's 'We Need to Talk About Kevin' (about a boy who murders his fellow students), Jonathan Trigell's 'Boy A' by (another child murdering child), Daniel Davies's Isle of Dogs (about sex between strangers in car parks), and Patricia Duncker's 'Hallucinating Foucault' (a homosexual writer's obsession with a lunatic asylum patient). They have also published one of Kate's previous books, 'A Little Stranger' (which the Guardian described as 'pleasantly disturbing'). They tend to be based in the present (or recent past) about difficult issues - and are challenging and thought-provoking reads.
P
And I deeply enjoyed.
Both my grandmothers came from country stock. My paternal Grandmother, Lyda, was accustomed to cooking for farm hands. She was a humdinger of a cook, too.
The next two weekends promise to be full of travel and adventure. First we are headed to Pahrump Nevada to visit my parents and celebrate an early Thanksgiving and birthday celebration for my dad who will be turning 91. I will return home for one day of work on Monday and then we are headed to the Happiest Place on Earth by Tuesday. Effy, our exchange student has never been to Disneyland, so I hope she will have a great time. Don't tell anyone we are playing hookey on a school day. On Thursday, I think we will have a low-key Thanksgiving dinner here at home. We may invite some friends over to join us, but not the extended family (of course they are welcome if they show up). Friday, we are off to the beach for a couple days of fun and exploration. I agreed to take some family portraits for one of my coworkers on the beach and she agreed to pay for a hotel room. I don't directly charge for my photography since I am still in a "portfolio-building stage" and I don't consider myself at a professional level yet, but I do hope to get there one day.
he says, pointing towards his feet.
and inked.
“Certified mail is scary. Got one from the IRS about a month ago and my heart hit the floor. Luckily, they were just notifying me I wouldn’t get a couple of refunds that were really old.” (Alien42, online forum)
Polke mixes and matches the wildest things -- gestural painting with collage, slick images with sticky surfaces of linseed, handmade objects with machinery. He’s unpredictable -- when I thought I had Polke pinned, I encountered his lush landscapes, his skies of dappled color. Beauty. It was there all along, and Polke wasn’t afraid of it. I find Polke at the heart of a world that I still struggle to understand, the spiritual and earthy store of German art, a zany place that produces some of the best artwork in the world.
Pak Lah, you’ve said you’re relinquishing the PMship in two years. If that’s the case, what have you got to lose by fulfilling your promises to the rakyat? If you can’t even do that, why bother waiting two years before throwing in the towel?
for this abandoned recipe
After a widely publicised trial, where he was charged with insulting Islam and the Egyptian presidency, Suleiman was sentanced to four years in prison last Febuary.
Step One: Cut 6 circles of fabric the same size.
Texas Initial Attack 2011, TX
Proverbs 3:5-6 Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and lean not on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge Him and he will make straight your path.
While the corn is on the grill, I clean and dice the peppers (seeds removed). I also mix the dressing ingredients – mustard, vinegar, nectar, black pepper – in a large bowl. What ever container you use, be sure there is room to toss all of the corn and peppers.
Just a quick post. It is so cold and dull here today, not very nice for gardening so my husband and I were talking and decided how much we missed making furniture.
Scientists believe their could be ice on Vesta.
After making my own za’atar, I’ve come to regard it as a real flavour booster for just about any dish! My favorite so far is sprinkling it on an avocado sandwich, but it’s also lovely with eggs, dashed on hummus, steamed brown rice with veggies, even on a savory breakfast porridge – I kid you not.
In other news, I would like to announce the launch of my new writer's website: ShannonYoungWriter.com. This blog will continue to be about books and Hong Kong, but if you are interested in my other writing, you can check out the site and sign up for my email list. I have another exciting announcement coming up soon, so stay tuned!
Free entry (after paying 3€ to enter the park)
Monounsaturated Fat 1.0 g
Frequent participant and presenter at major privacy, information management, and government-related conferences
One thing I learned: we have to stay 8 feet away from a building so we don't block pedestrian traffic.
‘Mao,’ I’m told yet again and the cheese is removed from view. This done, I’m expected just to give up. No! I want my cheese. I remove the exact amount of money from my wallet and hold it out. A simple note can explain why the till is 50RMB up on the final Z-reading, surely.
My name is Little Miss Drama QUEEN!!!
8 father
the version i watched didn’t have subtitles but the art was amazing. the graphics were really clear cut and really up to the times good. the story is about a girl named koto and two other kids who are trying to find a rabbit that will bring them home. They’re in a place ruled by a monk, demon (?), and a priest and while they’re there, it’s total mayhem and there’s a really awesome opening. Then she discovers a secret plot (i’m trying really hard not to spoil it!) and it gets kinda weird but i loved it
Conduct analytical review of accounts prior to the closing of the books each period
The sandy terroir, means less moisture (or was it more?) says Denis. Once again the GMS/GMS (depends upon the ratio of Shiraz to Mourvèdre) is nice. E@L is starting ot have trouble with the differentiation of the Shirazs from each other. And the reds form the whites.
#13 Dave Vaughn – The Wrestling Machine
Once again, the first name that jumps 2 mind is GoDaddy.com so take care Online & be Aware
Ok, now for the big news....
And he called it “Absolutely Nothing”
Tzader and Quinn. These two are loyal to Evalle and smart enough that they don’t drool after her. Tzader is my favorite character in the book as he is noble, loyal and a leader. His role is more of a mentor to Evalle. He tries to keep her on the right path, leading her with wisdom that isn’t sage like, but honest. He watches out for her and knows just what to say to her to get through that thick skull she tends to have. Quinn is a jokester but his language is very proper at times, making it endearing. He is very protective of Evalle, in a big brother kind of way. He’s a good balance to Tzader’s seriousness.
reunited or fostered.
So anyway, an hour or 2 later, my mom takes me there. I am still not even driving myself places so soon after giving birth. They admit me pretty fast but don't seem to link my chart from upstairs in Labor & Delivery. It really should have been much more obvious. It took 14 months for someone to tell me that what I presented with was Postpartum HELLP Syndrome.)http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HELLP_syndrome.
I love Conan the Barbarian. Yes, it's not true to the original stories, but it's still an enjoyable film full of great imagery, an underrated performance from Ahnuld, and, yes, a wonderful bombastic soundtrack.
In parallel with statist ideological development at this time, there were other strands of thinking developing more widely in the region that challenged both secular concepts of socialist and capitalist development, namely the emergence of a form of political Islam. By the late 1980s this had influenced the formation of a new government in Sudan, and for most of the 1990s has shaped both external, international relations between Sudan and key states in Western Europe and the United States, and regional-level relationships.
It wasn’t a Bank Holiday in the UK today where the court case between Paddy McKillen on one side and the Barclay brothers, Sir Frederick and Sir David being the principal players on the other. The case centres on the billionaire 77-year old Barclay twins – pictured here – and their avowed intention to take control of the Maybourne group of hotels – three 5-star hotels in central London, Claridges, the Connaught and the Berkeley. Our own Paddy McKillen is, reasonably enough, trying to maximise the return from his 36.32% share on the hotel group which he bought with a group of investors led by Derek Quinlan in 2004. NAMA has been dragged into the case because it was NAMA that sold loans in the group to the Barclays last September 2011 for GBP 660m (€800m) and Paddy is claiming NAMA didn’t have the right to sell the loans in the way it did, and that Paddy was entitled to be consulted on the sale. Also dragged into it is former tax inspector, turned property magnate turned consultant, Derek Quinlan who entered into an agreement with the Barclays to sell his 33% share in the group. The case commenced in the Royal Courts of Justice today and is scheduled to last for three weeks. Today saw the opening statements by the lead barristers in the case.
With advertised gigs coming up, I wanted to get rid of it pronto. However, getting the page removed appeared almost impossible. Facebook supply no means of direct contact, address or telephone number. The only option was to click ‘Report’, which led to a series of tick boxes, none of which were appropriate. I ticked the ‘Not a public place’ option as the closest, but a disclaimer made clear that, while FB would consider the report, they was no guarantee that the page would be taken down. I guessed it would take many reports to trigger a response.
You can find a huge selection of dried fruit, including blueberries, boysenberries, dates, guava, nectarines, pineapple, raspberries and strawberries. Many of these products come in multiple varieties. For example, the 18 types of dried strawberries include varieties with and without added sugar, organic and baby strawberries and a strawberry powder for smoothies.
You can also be aware of these tricks when listening to music that you love, to see how other people use it.
Why to watch Dawn of the Dead: Gore and social commentary.
We have many more Christmas festivities ahead of us! Hope you are enjoying this wonderful season of celebration!
But back to young Bâri′, shall we? After all, it is his birthday we’re discussing.
I came to work and forced myself to plug in the info on Weight Watchers.
Sigh...summer...i've missed you so much
Deleuze: “The Ocean, the Unlimited, first plays the role of an encompassing element, and tends to become a horizon: the earth is thus surrounded, globalized, “grounded” by this element, which holds it in immobile equilibrium and makes Form possible. Then to the extent that the encompassing element itself appears at the center of the earth, it assumes a second role, that of casting into the loathsome deep, the abode of the dead, anything smooth or nonmeasured that may have remained.” (The Smooth and the Striated, 495)
250 West Broadway at Beach
2 lbs Hamburger (In my case I only used one because I was testing it but it could have used more meat)
–$21 million for sod
Dearest Sleep, on the nights when Brain needs to be taken out for a walk, you get the proverbial shaft. You are the unwanted stepchild of the spirit on those long, painful soirs.
Vendors and organizations have inherently conflicting objectives, putting the latterâ€™s
Until then, I share with you this jacket:
The best part about this...experience, for lack of a better descriptive term, is that moment when, after having sent out the iPads, we get the pictures in of the children using the devices with their families.
This is where they sit when they are not being used for a photo shoot. :)
As LG started his new job at IBM, he met with the Corporate Management Board (Top 50 executives of IBM) and told them that he had not looked for the job and took it reluctantly as he thought that the responsibility was important to the country’s competitiveness and health. He then went on to outline his expectations:
In Punjabi Sikh culture, men and women sit on separate sides of the center aisle at a wedding or other religious service. I don't think it's a rule or anything, just tradition (though weddings tend to bring out the tradition in people to the point where it might as well be a rule). Punjabis also do a lot of socializing in same-gender groups.
His pained attempts to bond with his father-substitute, the larger-than-life Sukarno, whose work kept him mostly away from The Palace.
A single, grey, stone monument stands tucked behind a low brick wall, unnoticed by most. It stands in the center of the Confederate Cemetery, behind Tad Smith Coliseum, on the Old Miss Campus, in Oxford, Mississippi. The Albert Sidney Johnston Chapter of the United Daughters of the Confederacy is responsible for placement of both the stone monument and the brick wall. The bodies of 700 soldiers lie silent here. The vast majority are Confederate troops and a small number of troops from Grant's Army. Only a few names are known of the buried soldiers, and these are listed on the plaque of the monument erected in their memory. All those buried here perished on the grounds of the University. Union dead were once buried here as well, but long ago moved to a National Cemetery.
3) Drunken Leaves – Assemble Head in Sunburst Sound – from “When Sweet Sleep Returned”
Camille’s breathing increased, her heart raced, and he sensed them both. “That is not what she told me. You don’t have a heart. You only use people for your own satisfaction. Let me go!” She twisted and turned to wrangle from his grip. “What do you want, my blood?”
Artist: Simian Mobile Disco
I am editing some photos of my 2 new paintings (mentioned in my previous post), so hope to have them up here very soon!
It didn't start over night. And it's not like his attitude change didn't happen on his birthday back in July. It has gradually gotten worse and my threshold for his badness has reached "the level".
148'Tis all blank sadness, or continual tears.
Last Tuesday, I took a whole load of items to the thrift store to donate, SO, I decided, well, I had the itch to go to the thrift store that day. When I get those itches, there is usually a VERY good reason! I have learned to just go with it! Well, it also didn't hurt that it was sale day there. Brandon and I were off! He scored some little guys to play with, and I found some fabric, which I forgot to post a picture of, but I did on facebook. It was all homespuns, and I thought of Mary from Gettysburgh Homestead, because she is ALWAYS finding fabric! Not all of us have her luck! LOL!
* Entertainment will be provided by The Salvation Army.
Target: One object or person
You know how it goes...you go to one blog site, click on a link that sounds good, then from there you spot something else..soon you forget where you started.
at full force to my tender testicles,
Using a cutter or a lid of a tin, cut into smaller circles
There is another fantastic prize for the winner of this week's challenge from
In the kitchen, things are moving right along. Chicken is dished, alongside waffles and biscuits and peas and carrots. The dining room starts to fill, and dishes start to stack up in the back. One of the waitresses comes back to the kitchen with an obnoxiously complicated order for “a kid”. Why, whomever could that be? Hilariously, Mildred immediately realizes Veda must have arrived, and she takes off her apron and goes out to say hello to her and Bert. Bert congratulates her sincerely, and then Wally shows up to tell Mildred he did a direct mailing about the restaurant to every name on the old Pierce Homes list. Marketing, how exciting. And then Bert brings up some fire insurance thing, to make this scene even duller.
So fierce you whirr and pound you drums—so shrill you bugles blow.
let my kitchen be dirty and letting the jerk of discomfort subside (fear of not being a decent housewife/human and breaking the Cleanliness Is Akin to Godliness "rule");
Have I mentioned lately how WONDERFUL my Daughter - McKenna is? Well she is! Just look at this awesome Snood Measurement Guide she made for our website to assist everyone in properly measuring their long eared dog for a Dog Snood.
1. I hate (yes, I know it's a strong word, but seriously, I hate) the sound of styrofoam. Packing peanuts give me the chills. I cannot open boxes that contain fragile items nestled in styrofoam to prevent breakage. I break out in a cold sweat. On Christmas, when everyone is unwrapping gifts and pulling styrofoam packing out of boxes, I sit there with my fingers in my ears singing, "LA LA LA LA LA LA LA" at the top of my lungs to drown out the hideous sound. I'd rather hear nails on a blackboard than hear the grating sound of styrofoam. Or balloons. The sound of squeaking balloons is worse than styrofoam. :::shiver::: What? I once knew a guy who was afraid of cotton balls. Seriously. Cotton balls! My quirk isn't that quirky.
"Just breathe,
The world is a town in which unwise people
have been floured or battered and then pan fried, deep fried, or pressure fried. The breading adds a crisp coating or crust to the exterior. What separates fried chicken from other fried forms of chicken is that generally the chicken is cut at the joints and the bones and skin are left intact. Crisp well-seasoned skin, rendered of excess fat, is a hallmark of well made fried chicken.
Bede, Ecclesiastical History of the English People, translated by Leo Sherley-Price. Penguin Classics, 1968, ISBN 0-14-044565-X.
I have many varied interests. My background is in business, accounting, real estate and entrepreneurship. My wife Angela says at heart I am an entrepreneur and coach. I own three Vizslas: Rosco, Daisy, and Lulu. The picture on my Gravatar is Rosco, our oldest.
Cole’s is one of the best known versions, but the song has been covered by many artists including Bing Crosby, Frank Sinatra, Doris Day and Eva Cassidy as well as being a favourite of jazz musicians.
Friday started on the right foot – with a solid workout. When I came home, I smelled some amazing aromas coming from the kitchen. Look what I found!
On a side note, we used to sing 'Jamaica Farewell' in assemblies at my primary school, 300 small children with one combined patois accent.
AQ Aquila 50 Speakers – An Open Box Review
9. The science, the scientist, technology and the technologist, they are all one. And its characteristic is unmanifest, all possibility, invincibility. To unfold that is the purpose of education
R3- (sc in 1sc, 2sc in next) (18)
Stop following your heart and follow Jesus.
No sooner did I make this pledge than something amazing happened: I saw an ad for OSRCon in my print copy of Fight On #11. I fairly quickly decided that, since I live only three hours south of Toronto, I have no excuse not to attend OSRCon on August 12-13. Furthermore, clearly I should run a couple of Labyrinth Lord games there. Time to start getting my public-DM'ing feet wet!!
They bring coffee (cream, no sugar)
'Cause in this family we're just not us without YOU.
With Easter not too far away, I decided to base this class on making some cute little boxes to hold a few eggs. All of them are easy to make, so I know you will want to go home and make a whole family.
These daisies are not delicate and graceful like their sisters which grow in the south. God gave them strong, tough stems that keep them upright in the furious gusts of wind. If we could see their roots, I am sure they would be tightly entwined around the rocks they grow in. We need to bloom where the Lord has planted us. The Lord knows what is best for us. In His wisdom, He has prepared and conditioned us for the environment where He has chosen to place us. The wind may seem unbearable as it threatens to tear our very roots from the earth. We may barely cling to life. Our service may seem so futile, so completely unknown. But the One who created and called us knows our work and labor of love. He sees us, has compassion on us, and promises, "as thy days, so shall thy strength be." (Deut. 33:25) We can bring wonderful glory to our Savior by blooming in beautiful courage, growing and thriving wherever He has chosen to plant us.
I would have liked to have had some photographs from our visit, but the restaurant was rather dark inside. We tried the camera, but even with a flash, it was a no-go. So, you'll just have to accept my descriptions.
souffled twice-baked potatoes with kale
If you live in England or Wales the chances are we’ll be playing somewhere near you. If you’re in Scotland, sorry – hopefully next time.
I read Lucy's blog and she mentioned the book and the 100 readers project so I emailed her!!
Yep. 13. One Three.
It seems that no two days are ever the same. Except for this week. It's been office week, and it's been a daily occurance.
Late 18th century
Heartbreaking stuff. She’s an 8-year-old with shitty self-esteem.
them to pick up some of that smoky goodness you can only get
The special effects in Terminator 2 are not the thrill they once were. They are OK, but those morphing effects are commonplace now. The actual body-morphing of Linda Hamilton now seems more impressive than the virtual ones of the T-100o terminator. Although Robert Patrick's performance as the T-1000 is still superb. He invests the role with far more gravitas than it deserves and it really works. I love the way he runs. I like the way Sarah Connor becomes a terminator too. It reminded me of the way Ripley starts to act like an alien in Alien Resurrection (another movie franchise that owes a debt to Frankenstein)
Apparently Anastasia Steele is a modern day Sybil, she’s always talking about her subconscious admonishing her for being a sloot. Apparently her subconscious is a real Debby Downer. Who better than the poster child for Prozac herself: Kristen Stewart. Seriously, this chick’s monotone 1 note acting is only good for something so stupid like Ana’s “subconscious.” And smile, bitch! Jeez, if you think your life is “so hard” let’s trade places. I’ll gladly trade student loan payments and Ramen noodle dinners for a couple papparazzi photos and a few million dollar paychecks. Despite being another no-talent hack, at least E.L. James is all smiles over her good fortune. You could learn a thing or 2 from her, KStew and I’m not talking about the Dom/Sub lifestyle.
Our retail store operates as an authorized beer store by the LCBO, but the regulation around home delivery uses the wording ‘operated' instead of ‘authorized’, which is how it is worded to allow us to sell to special occasion permit holders, and retail customers. It is interesting to note that the Beer Store, which is not operated by the LCBO or government is somehow allowed to sell to home delivery services.
But! I have some questions for you, readers, while I'm away. I've been running this for a while now and I always knitted it my way. So I'm wondering what's the biggest obstruction here for you? What am I doing wrong? Do you find my texts useful and readable or you just download stuff? Are tags useful? Should I write tracklists or bitrates or formats etc.? Is my English terrible? Is the overall design utter shit? Are movies that I post crap? And stuff like that, I'm interested to hear your opinion on faults of this blog so that I may try to improve them (if possible).
The last two days at the Fling were made even more interesting by the approach of hurricane Irene. Folks were trying to make alternate arrangements to get home, many leaving early since the storm was supposed to hit the area right when we were going to leave on Sunday. My friend Joei and I were supposed to meet at my house on Sunday as well, to travel to a workshop with Liz Clay in western New York. We all worked like mad to finish our rugs so we could leave early. It was amusing to see some of the ladies rinsing out their rugs in the rain from the approaching storm.
Deadly Cloud (Elemental, Magic)
I will be mailing this to my cousin Kelly to hang in her studio. (even though Daryl is actually my 2nd cousin, he called me Aunt Kim). I miss him so much and he will be in my heart forever. He gave the best hugs!!
So his body was placed into a cheap wooden box which was in turn slid into the oven for two or three hours at approximately 2000 degrees. When all was said and done, a two hundred pound man had been transformed into five pounds of dust.
358One human tear shall drop and be forgiv'n.
If you don’t have a smile, I’ll give you one of mine. ~Author Unknown
Should I be lugubrious?
We drove 83 miles to get to my son’s game. In the middle of nowhere, the GPS told me to turn around. Even though I knew the route by heart, we turned around.
But the other thing is how the opposing team’s coach, who is wearing red because he is also a Kickers coach (same club, different team), melds with Nick in the photo. It took a few seconds for my eye to figure out why Nick has a hand growing out of his knee, and how the white Adidas stripes on the coach’s shirt lead into the white stripes of Nick’s shorts. It’s soccer camo.
& DANG IT
Tomorrow is James Birthday he will be 16 . Papa and I made a card for him with a photo of Miggy on it and gave him some $$$ that way he can buy what he wants .
State: Groggy, been up over 24 hours, still ready to hit the mean streets of AMS
Ross Ohlendorf
In 2012 I will charge full speed ahead.
Sacramento del altar,
2008 – Stem cell treatment in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Buy one Swiffer Sweeper Starter Kit, Get one Refill Free
Fresh herbs (I used Thyme, Sage, Basil and Oregano)
So as we step through this simple model (see the enclosed model framework) we establish a common language of the business and how we have to coordinate across organizations – everything is linked. You establish the value propositions that define the product and services that create value for a specific Customer Segment. Just think about the importance to marketing of this aspect of the Business Model for a moment. The value propositions are the foundation for so many aspects of marketing: messaging in terms of marketing communication, positioning, advertising copy, campaign themes, SEO meta tags, one liner banner ads, sales presentations, etc.. Then there is the description of channels and how the enterprise will communicate and reach its Customer segments to deliver the Value Propositions. Then there are the Customer Relationships that the enterprise establishes with the specific Customer Segments. Revenue Streams define the cash the enterprise generates from each Customer segment. Key resources describe the most important assets required to make a business model work. Then there are the Key Activities that describe the most important things a enterprise must do to support the Business Model. Key Partnerships are the network of suppliers and partners that support the business model and help it scale. The Cost Structure describes all costs incurred to operate the Business Model.
Dear Nordstrom,
14th March - Paid Trip in Torquay, please confirm your places and pay as soon as possible.
Another positive these days is that using sulfur to treat acne has been made even easier because it is readily available over the counter. One does not have to get to the doctor for a prescription. The other good news is that sulfur has been proven to be reasonably safe to use on the skin without the concern of any long-term damages or even short-term excessive redness. This can be of great consolation to the teenager dealing with the acne problem who would prefer that the rest of the world wasn't focused on them all the time and what it is they are doing to their face.
If you feel panic
Now, I find that many of the youth have been experiencing a small part of what I experienced at their age. This is through an experience called the “Trek”. I have sent 2 of my 3 children through this experience and have found that they found out a lot about themselves through this. For those of my readers who do not know what the “Trek” is, it is an experience that is created for a group of teenagers and leaders. They are to dress up in the pioneer clothing and push a handcart for a number of days. They are split up in families and they are given food to eat. They are not allowed anything that is more than 13 pounds each and they have a strict list of items that they are allowed to carry with them. This means no electronics! At the beginning of the experience, they have adults go through all of their items. If there are any items that are not to be taken with them for the next few days, the items are taken away. I found that there is quite a large pile of items that is left behind with each Trek. After all of the walking and the time spent together, these children have the opportunity to reflect on their lives and what they do have.
“I don’t know.” The vampire shrugged his shoulders as he looked at Christian. “He saw something going on in the hallway and took off.”
*Interest side note: illegal immigration has slowed dramatically due to the global, but more specifically the United States', economic crisis. The opportunties that once abounded for illegal immigrants are no longer as plentiful. Coupled with the fact that there are so many legal citizens in this country who are now willing to do work that they before were unwilling to do, and therefore because jobs for illegal immigrants.
After ten hours at work all I want to do is flop into bed. I am doing bits and bobs along the way and keeping up with the house, but sadly blogging is not at the top of my list right now.
The white bookshelf standing on the corner desk was one I repainted years ago before we had the boys and it wasn't being used so I thought why not stand it on the desk and use it to house jars and boxes of supplies - my version of an 'embellishment centre'.
As a follow up to the collaborative conference between the Program for Ecumenical Theological Education (ETE) of the World Council of Churches (WCC) and the Southern African Missiological Society (SAMS) at the Joint Conference of academic societies in religion and theology at the University of Stellenbosch in 2009, ETE and SAMS will once again present a conference in the Joint Conference at the University of Kwazulu- Natal , Pietermaritzburg. The Pietermaritzburg conference takes place from 18-22 June 2012.
Confusion and fear and disbelief filled the air. Rumors and speculation and conflicting news reports spread like wildfire through the hallways. Somebody said they heard that another plane had hit the Pentagon, and a fourth plane was unaccounted for. More conflicting stories surfaced, and there were unsubstantiated rumors about planes falling from the sky all over the country. By mid-morning, the decision was made to cancel classes for the rest of the day, and the students all gathered in the gym to watch the news on television monitors. Some parents came and picked up their kids early and took them home. Others stayed and watched. I remember standing in the back of the gym, leaning against the wall watching the TV images in utter disbelief. I watched in horror as people jumped out of windows on the upper floors of the twin towers, realizing it was the only way they could escape the flames and smoke that would have killed them anyway. Then the first tower collapsed, and I just sat down on the floor and buried my head in my hands as I thought of all the people who were still trapped inside. I looked around at the faces of my students. Some stared at the TV with their mouths open in disbelief. Some were crying. Some were praying. Some watched in stoic silence, while their eyes gave away their thoughts.
This week I was challenged. Did I have any photographs that actually had more than one subject in them? Well, the answer was “yes” but I didn’t realise until I came to search for a photo for this week’s post.
"yeah, yesh" (yes)
Preheat the oven to 350˚ F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the butter and sugar. Beat together on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 2-3 minutes. Blend in the eggs one at a time, scraping down the bowl as needed. Mix in the cocoa powder until well blended. Add the flour, salt and baking powder to the bowl and mix on low speed just until incorporated. Fold in the chocolate chips with a spatula.
I seem to have annoyed a few people by suggesting that the prospects of persuading George Osborne that scrapping the planned beer duty rise in the coming Budget were approximately zero. Which, of course, they are.
Point Made: How to Write Like the Nation's Top Advocates is the title of a readable little book by Ross Guberman (president of Legal Writing Pro, an advanced legal-writing training and consulting firm). According to the book's (and JIPLP's) publishers Oxford University Press:
TOTAL 17,821
The final British withdrawal from Aden took place in November 1967 and Colonel Mitchell and the Argylls arrived back at their Plymouth garrison on 27 November. All other battalion commanders from Aden were decorated but not Mitchell. He received only a Mention in Dispatches not the expected DSO. An OBE even would not have been unexpected but politicians bore him a grudge for his heroic attitude and by the time the British withdrew completely from Aden in November 1967, Mitchell was a marked man by the elites. It was made clear there was no room in the military for Mad Mitch.
The powers themselves manifest at first as the ability to toss around small objects with their mind. This eventually develops further so that they are able to do all the things you might associate with bigtime superheroes.
“Arman’s Journey” witten by Philip Prowse. Published from CAMBRIDGE. My wpm was 204.
SO -
I had coffee this morning which turned into lunch with a good friend today and we had some amazing laughs and conversation. Thank you, Laura!
The elite team was set up in 2009 by police boss General Bheki Cele to apprehend armed and dangerous suspects.
Upper Egypt = 8 Upper Egypt governorates totally (Nile Valley)
The Brain Room was run by one-time Murdoch ‘political lobbyist’ and Tobacco industry lobbying hero Scott Ehrlich. Ehrlich still has a ‘consulting’ contract with Fox News via his media company Red Tie. Says pro-Assange secrets campaigner Tim Dickenson:
So when primary source stuff gets thin, what do you do?
I just want to use this golden moment to thank my dearest friends and clintonspel readers, i love you all. i also want to thank Eric,Boomie,Jhasmoment,Autumn sunshine,fivereflections,nifti and the rest.. i love you all.. you’re my family.
but you are on cloud nine.
m.timeslive.co.za/.../1/0&artId=4497
To bless my spirit now -
That's how I like to think of him now.
I cannot tell a lie - I love old country music (and I hate new country music). As the purveyor of a site called Retrospace, it's not exactly shocking to learn that I prefer the older songs. But let me explain and give you 10 good reasons to love old time country...
This morning Suxtobiyu Khumalo, head of the department’s Committee for Planning Potential Education Outcomes That Result Potentially from Planning By Committee, said that South Africa could now consider itself a world leader in providing school-leavers with the critical lack of non-skills they needed to be competitively uncompetitive in today’s over-saturated unemployment market.
The Singapore government’s move to sustain population growth via immigration may have caused some disquiet among Singaporeans, but one group of people are expressing their support and appreciation for it.
Let it be stated clearly at the beginning of this study however, that the outcome of the war is not in doubt.
Yet...
Wishing you all love and peace tonight on whatever path you are on. Know that I am standing on the side lines, walking beside you or giving you a hand to get up if you've stumbled and I am awfully glad that our paths have intersected.
Outside Zoos and Safari parks a number of foreign animal species run wild in the British countryside, mostly introduced unnaturally through the stupidity of man, and most cause havoc and devastation to the natural environment and indigenous fauna, such as in the case of the vicious and carnivorous mink, freed from fur farms by so called “animal lovers” in the 1980's, and which have spent the last twenty years eating the natural wildlife, such as the water vole, almost to the point of extinction. No environmentalist refers to the mink as a British species, neither do they the, north African love birds, accidentally released into Britain during the late 20th Century and now plaguing fruit growers across the country, the poisonous North American bullfrog, or the foreign crayfish which have so far killed over a fifth of the native varieties.
¾ cup pecans, chopped fine (optional)
How to describe the truffle taste...it's very difficult to put in words. Much like Judge Stewart's explanation of obscenity, it's hard to define the flavour of truffles, but you know it when you taste it. Rich, pungent, earthy - all words that are often used and don't really do this food justice.
Saturday dawned and we departed Terryglass for the last time. As I was driving, of course we had to leave early. All indications were that it would take about 2.5 hours at a minimum to drive from Terryglass to Blarney and I wanted to be sure we had time to kiss the stone because there were only one or two things that I absolutely had to do while I was in Ireland. The first was to kiss the Blarney Stone and the second was to see The Giant’s Causeway. So we departed the cottage at about 8:00 AM.
This is one reason I love retellings so much. They teach me so much and introduce me to new stories, cultures, and ways of life than I could ever have experienced on my own.
-Hairdryer for speed dry (optional)
I would tell my friends to read the book because it’s happy. The lesson was that she had to be nice because she threw a sponge at Jim. Junie B. got chased by Jim’s dad and Jim’s mom and dad got mad. The cake walk is where she had to walk in a circle, when the music stops youhave to stop. The lady has to pull out a number, whoever’s standing on that number that the lady pulls out, you win and pick any cake you want. It was a carnival.
happy thanksgiving
I must have read a zillion articles about putting away your "inner perfectionist". One of Fly Lady's main ideas is to let go of perfectionism and we see posts all the time about making sure that we don't to be everything to all people. But what of those who don't suffer from this "inner perfectionist"? What if we struggle with the opposite? What if, *ducking now*, what we actually struggle with is quite the opposite? What if we struggle with "inner that's good enough"? Or as some may call it, laziness?
The howling death-dealing banshee, a commonly used and abused flying monstrosity. Hopefully the tactics here will save countless spartans from needless death.
The Treasury building which held the currency reserve for southern Arabia was retrieved from the police mutineers. By the end of the night it was clear to Mitchell that the push into Crater had utterly demoralised the enemy. Mitchell later said "To me that single moment in Crater was worth all my quarter century of soldiering".
The next image I chose was a photo taken by Bigsurkate. Thank-you, Kate, for allowing me to work from your photo! I had noticed that when I added the titanium white to the black, I came up with a foggy and opaque gray. I worked the background behind the crow in wet and wet with ivory and mars black (very diluted) and allowed it to dry. I then went back in with the titanium white, wet-in-wet, and created the foggy appearance. I really like the contrast of that opaque white with the rail the bird is perched on as well as the whites I left on him.
a chaste nipple, a nub that hardened as I squeezed
We went to visit unschooler friends in mid-December, and stayed with them in their home. I cannot tell you what a gift -- and a revelation -- this was for us.
You can put whatever suits you fancy on these items
I hope for the first but expect the latter.
We had a ball at our annual Mini camping weekend. The weather was way better than forecast, only one period of sustained rain, one day of completely unexpected sunshine too. We went to see a birds of prey display on the Saturday afternoon, it was fantabulous. I'm not that keen on birds at close quarters, but was prepared to make an exception for something like this baby:
and shaggy on the inside all "ZOINKS!! TOO BAD YOUR DAD DIDNT!!"
"We have taken something ugly, and found the beauty there still. We love, and live, sincerely. Life is good."
In 2004, judges wrecked the governments’ attempt to control terrorists by detaining suspects without trial, which was introduced after 9/11, in “The Belmarsh Judgement.” This is customary in war but the judiciary pretend we are not at war. Lord Hoffman, made the ludicrous statement that Muslim extremism does not imperil the nation: “The real threat to the life of the nation, in the sense of a people living in accordance with its traditional laws and political values, comes from laws such as these.”
yum. for a girl that does not like pancakes, like at all, these were great. I loved them. they were tangy. they tasted like sour cream and had a much less cake like texture than other pancakes. I would love them with a hot berry compote, but my maple syrup did just fine. the hubs didn't love these as much as I did. he loves pancakes though. he missed the fluffy cake like texture and said, "meh, they're okay". so for me they were a hit, for him they were a miss.
* Bake for 20 minutes. Take the parchment paper and the beans/rice off, then continue to bake for another 5-10 minutes until it's golden brown.
While purchasing pool supplies at Home Depot, I spied moss rose, I bought 2, one had one orange and on yellow flower on it, the other had one pink. Brought them home and when they started blooming, I have 2 shades of orange, 2 shades of pink, white and yellow in one pot, and yellow and 2 shades of pink in the other pot.
Riddle Answer: He was feeling crummy.
6-8 pm Tuesday May 22
As the day went on I got in the tub a couple times and continued to do things to try and get everything moving. Heather suggested a few things, which I very willingly tried, and my contractions were staying very strong and very regular. At 3pm that afternoon she checked me again and I was still at a 7. She talked to me about breaking my water to try and get things moving and I agreed. As I was laying on the bed getting my bag of water broken, Heather told me that she couldn’t believe how well I was doing through all of this and how I wasn’t letting anything discourage me and that I was staying so positive even though things were not going well. She said most people wouldn’t deal with it as well as I was. I told her that there was really nothing I could do about any of it and that I was just going with the flow. Later I told Brendon that there really was never a time that I had any negative thoughts or thought that I couldn’t do this. I wasn’t thinking about things that had happened earlier that day and I wasn’t really concentrating on what was GOING to happen. I was completely in the present, taking things as they came and dealing with each minute and each contraction. I remember not even being worried that I had stayed at a 7 for so long. I had complete faith in what was supposed to happen and I knew that everything would be okay. Brendon told me after the fact that he was so worried about me because I had not had any sleep in about 50 hours and that I still had the delivery to go thru. He voiced his concern to Heather (I didn’t know that at the time) and Heather reassured him and told him that she could tell I had some fight left in me. My Mom was also very worried but I didn’t know that until later. I’m very glad that nobody voiced their concerns to me. That may have put me in a different mind frame.
By Christopher J. Alexander, PhD
We made a quick run to visit my hard at work wife. I am sure she enjoyed all of our visits but to be truthful, I was there for another beer as much as to see her. Anheuser-Busch (I guess it is InBev now) got a bunch of my money that day.
As a child, I would sit crossed legged at the feet of both my Grandmamma and my Great Grandmamma listening to their stories. Sometimes they would re-tell the fairy tales they’d grown up with, Baba Yaga and her chickenfooted hut chasing children through the forests was a personal favourite or they’d recount details of their own lives, stories of a world so far removed from what I knew, it might as well have been fiction. They introduced me to books I’d never heard of, in languages I couldn’t even pronounce the name of, let alone speak. Thanks to them, whenever I use eggs in the kitchen I crush the shell into tiny pieces so no witch can ever use it as a boat. I never leave a white table cloth on over night either. Little reflexes, that once learnt stay with you forever. You might not believe the why but you still do it all the same. They taught me to cook, everything from goulash to crispy apple doughnuts, yorkshire puddings flecked with herbs to delicate macaroons and left me with a life long love of poetry. Without their stories, both true and fantasy I wouldn’t be me. I think that’s partly why this prompt stood out, what we choose to tell and the reasons behind the choosing say so much about us.
Bob's great-great-grandfather, Jonas Wollman, was one of fifty-two Leavenworth merchants and businessmen who signed a letter written by Mark Delahay requesting that Abraham Lincoln visit Leavenworth, Kansas. Lincoln obliged by traveling there to give his first campaign speech in December, 1859.
“Truth is the Bersih rally was hijacked by certain political leaders for selfish agenda,” said Tan.
The police know full well that the other officers acted in the same way as Kennedy (and in some respects worse, what with being prosecuted under false identities and breaching lawyer/client confidentiality). Those deployments and the torrent of whitewash reports coming down the pipeline are not just institutional corruption. They're evidence of an institution that appears incapable of little other than corruption.
“Yes, but it’s the reason why she left that has me in despair.” Colonel Khrys knew his instinct was right. Sorlyna didn’t leave because another man sparked her attraction or because she grew bored of his routine lifestyle (in fact, she enjoyed adding spice to it). She left because she never felt an emotional connection with him. He’d always been too busy forcing himself to make her laugh that she grew sick of his act - she was one of the people to identify him as goofy and obnoxious. She opened up to him many times, but he was too ignorant to recognize her struggle to connect with him… until she bid him goodbye in anger. He hasn’t heard from her since. “She was the sun between the clouds of my life,” he continued. “I really miss her.”
I stared at the ice cream and frowned, backing away a step and stared at my step dad.
Our healthy, 100% natural sunscreen provides shelter from UVA rays with zinc oxide and titanium dioxide. SPF 30+ effectively blocks 97% of UVB rays, which cause sunburn. This ultimate skin care for the whole family is moisturizing and water resistant.
はち：で、第二章は愛のイルージョン。
was crucified, died and was buried.
And I got a much needed break.
The next scheduled update of the Bird Alert is on Monday May 7.
The little ‘karmic cleansing’ is actually a very simple process, if you are connected with your own energy and ‘feel’ the difference between you and your body. All that kind of thing.
1. (new) Sakamichi no Apollon (episodes 1-3) – The characterization is truly excellent. The soundtrack is great. The animation is fucking glorious. At this rate, Apollon will easily make it on my Top 30.
dissolve it
Models: Susan Smith Andrews and Laura Bowman
i think about the firemen and police who rushed in as others ran out. the ordinary citizens who helped one another to safety. the priest killed by a jumper from the towers as he comforted the injured and administered the last rights to the dead. and the travelers of FLIGHT 93, who surmised their preplanned fate at the hands of the hijackers, and fought back.
An island, surrounded by vast amounts of water, we have been rained on now on & off for the last week, but vast areas of the south east are in drought alert with hosepipe bans. Something’s wrong somewhere
Sesame Pomegranate Vinaigrette
If we are outside of the realm of the Stephen Kings, Ray Bradburys, or Sandra Browns, does that mean we have less validity to identify ourselves as writers? When does that defining moment happen? At the very first word? When you finish a manuscript? Or, when you receive your first contract or advance? Or, do you finally get to call yourself a writer when your name stares out at you from a bookshelf?
Thanks so much for all you do!
That happened yesterday when I went to set the Christmas Brunch table and realized that I didn't have a full set of unstained white dinner napkins that matched.
Well, there was little ordinary about the birth of Jesus. He was born of a virgin in a barn and laid in a manger. (When Jesus left a door open and someone said, “Hey, were you born in a barn?” He could say, “Why yes I was!”). And what other baby gets gold, frankincense and myrrh at their baby shower? And while new mothers usually send out birth announcements (what else have they to do), this time the Father did the birth announcement (Luke 2:8-14). Angels brought to the shepherds “good news of great joy.” The angels use one of the most familiar New Testament words—euaggelizo. What the angels literally said was, “I preach to you a gospel of great joy.” The birth of Jesus is gospel!
What do you think? Have you ever had an experience like this out in public? How did people react and how did those reactions affect you? If you haven’t experienced this personally, do you know someone who has? Or have you ever witnessed someone going through this? Let me know in the comments. Also, be sure to check back Friday for a very special guest post.
An additional twenty-seven works will be placed as high as 57 stories, encouraging viewers to look up and around the installation neighborhood at the heart of New York City.
Bestride the holy lamb, behold the bull.
Arrests
The entry and customs process was off to a chaotic and hectic beginning until, God in His wisdom, allowed an accident (which resulted in a Dr. Beaver’s glasses being broken, but which then interrupted the endlessly torturous cycle of standing in line, being grilled and plumbed for bribe money (none forthcoming!) and then put into another line. With the breaking of his glasses, the health officer came over, and ushered us straight past all of the remaining lines (the worst still awaiting — which is the point at which they search your luggage item by item) he took us out into the fresh (near-90 degree) air and into the hands of Ikenna, our Seminary protocol officer and greeter, an ordained Anglican priest and excellent servant of God by all accounts.
DAMMIT! All my friends are daaaaaaaaamn lucky to get good guys T_T
The first week in our new book: Baking with Julia. The book is not new, indeed it's a couple of years old. But what I like of the book is the baking part. I love being a member of French Fridays with Dorie, it let me meet great recipes and new tastes, don't get me wrong, but I love, love, love to bake.
With Excellent Cutting!
Habitual thinking and inhibitions symbolize the cave. The cave is the human condition. In the section of The Republic titled The Allegory of the Cave, prisoners are bound hand and foot, facing the wall without the ability to see one another. They are only allowed to the see the shadows of objects reflected on the cave wall. They are nothing more than spectators with no interaction with each other or the materials. There is one prisoner who escapes to see the light at the end of the cave, running back to others to tell of the good news only to be laughed at and mocked. Light at the end of the tunnel can be seen as an analogy to describe the elimination of ignorance.
The self is kind of a mind trick. Misunderstandings about the self can be the source of many problems. To dive into a study of the self, it helps to practice mindfulness. It’s good to be able to consciously detach yourself from the self in order to observe the self.
Opaque white is very thick so it completely covers up the marker. I had to thin mine slightly to apply it evenly, but it's water-based so thinning is easy. Best of all, you are using so little of this stuff that one jar will last a long time.
injected directly into her heart causing it to stop. (This
So this led to another rehearsal of the very basics of her adoption story, including the names of her first parents. She then said, "Does Lucy have an M. (M being her firstmom's first initial)?" We told her she did and told her their names and then she said, "And when Lucy was little you weren't there and she was sad?". This got a bit tricky because although their adoption stories are very parallel, this part is very divergent. Lily was alone at the hospital for 9 days with no visitors for the majority of the time. Lucy, on the other hand, had someone with her nearly 24 / 7 in the hospital (either me, PB, her first mom or her first dad). So we had to talk about how Lucy wasn't really alone and we didn't know if she was sad...
I really wanted to capture our Christmas tree in the background. I love the way they turned out.
good things … come to those who wait
1 offering
But when I browse through my collection of Fred's Art (check out his website here), he slows me down. Reminds me of why I'm here. Nudges me to think in broad terms. Tells me to remember the most important thing of all: don't let yourself be the reason kids abandon art. Be the reason why they embrace it...for life.
In 2008, Martin Luksan, as scriptwriter and principal director, and Petrus van der Let, as commercial producer, concluded a ‘directing and authorship agreement’ for the production of a documentary film entitled ‘Fotos von der Front’. According to the agreement, copyright and exploitation rights were assigned to the producer, but the director retained rights concerning the distribution of the documentary on digital networks, closed circuit television, and pay TV. However, after the film's completion, the producer made it available on the internet and assigned pay TV rights to a TV network.
Sunchokes will only be available at local farmers’ markets and groceries like Fiesta Farms for a couple more months at most, so snatch some up today and make this for yourself! You’ll thank me later—I promise.
If you turn on SportsCenter you might hear about Tom Brady, Kevin Durant, or Kobe Bryant’s leadership.
Four chances at love
So cheers to you, May 1st. I think you're just what I needed.
They had been visiting the kids in the orphanage too, doing crafts, organizing parties, and even inviting some of the kids to their homes.
There’s a picture of a sweet young girl, stilled there, in my mind’s eye.
“That’s not the issue, is it?”
That's less than half of it. There is another row of fabric behind that (deep cupboards) and a few pieces of fabric playing with the power tools on the shelf above. I can't close that door. That door is in my spare room. My parents are coming to stay in 3 sleeps. It would be nice if the door didn't spring open on them at inopportune moments, like when they are walking past it.
This season, they've placed an additional display table at the northern end of the greenhouse, opposite the entrance.
Here's to the start of a new year - Happy 2011 from my family to yours.
The Times UK reported yesterday that controversial authors Dawkins (The God Delusion) and Hitchens (God is Not Great) believe there is already a precedence set for such a move when a similar legal principle was used to arrest Augusto Pinochet, the late Chilean dictator, when he visited Britain in 1998. The authors are intent on getting their legal team to instigate criminal proceedings and a civil action against the Pope, and may even consider referring a case to the International Criminal Court on the grounds of crimes against humanity.
Anyway, living a more simple, minimalist lifestyle is okay. Everyone needs to eat. We need clothing and shelter and some material goods.
This way they were able to survive.
So the Walrus was in a huge dilemma now. He knew that he was good enough to take over from the Narwhal, and if anything it was easier for him having been through the whole process once. But what of the Polar Bear? Their blossoming romance was a well kept secret and he did not want to upset the balance. Now he knew what people felt like when they had to choose between love and work. He knew that the right thing was to take the job himself. But he couldn’t get himself to it. What would the foxes say about this? What of the owls, the hares, and the terns? As he flopped along thinking, he ran into some of them.
And in the middle of cleaning up glass and syrup I had to stop once to change a messy diaper, and another time to take care of a squabble. I guess that's double, or maybe even triple flexibility today!
Even though yesterday was Saturday I had to start somewhere but today I will do more and *try* to dedicate time on Sundays to purge and simplify.
I want to go back to the story I told at the beginning of the sermon. When I was training with my football team, I wasn’t the one who was determining what the training would be; my coach was. The coach knew what we needed to do in order to get us into a position to win the competition, I didn’t. When he trained us, we obeyed and the results were that we improved not only as a team but as football players. We got better. Our obedience to our coach got us there, even though our coach put us through some really difficult training sessions. Even though we had bad training sessions, even though we had bad games, our coach knew what it would take to get us to the finals. He refined our skills.
Regular readers will know that I am not on very good terms with my sewing machine usually, but today I woke up and wanted to make a new shopper tote for myself...
2) What is your favorite example of “rule without reason”? Why?
Nails bitten down like mine
He came complete with his tank, light and stand. I had a lot of learning to do though. I realized I knew absolutely nothing about turtles! I started researching every site I could on turtles, what they ate, what they needed, their habits, their dislikes. There were so many things I needed that I didn't have.....UV lights, basking lights, a basking platform, calcium, his treats (worms, dried baby shrimp...YUCK!!) So many things!! I found a great friend at ZooMed on facebook. I have bugged them so many times and time after time, they personally write me back, geninuely interested and concerned about what is going on. These people ROCK!
Hebrews 13:5-6 Make sure that your character is free from the love of money, being content with what you have; for He Himself has said, “I will never desert you, nor will I ever forsake you,” so that we confidently say, “The Lord is my helper, I will not be afraid. What will man do to me?”
We are going to have a blast! Derek's Mom, His brothers, His sisters and their spouses are all going with us. Derek's Dad is not big on Musicals, so he offered to stay home and babysit grandkids. (Poor guy has no idea of what he is in for.)
Even angels make mistakes in this page-turning epic romance...
Unfortunately for both Zuana and the rest of her sisters, Serafina is not willing. She tells Zuana that she intends to get out of their as soon as she is able. She also determines to rebel as much as she can. When she finds out that their chief interest in her is her singing voice, she vows not to sing a note.
I guess he's on the smaller side but his pediatrician said he'll have a growth spurt here soon. For now, I'm enjoying my little guy.
Secondly, I never added any kind of item/powerup, because I think at that point I was already tired of working in this “game”. At the beggining I wanted a breakout fully functional, but as much I worked on it I become more and more bored about it.
Sauerbrei A, Wutzler P. Neonatal varicella. J Perinatol 2001; 21: 545-549.
Bruno Tommaso (bass), Bruno Biriaco (drums)
Finding your passion is such an exciting task to do which may very well define who we will become in the future. So keep looking and never give in. Challenges and huge roadblocks will come your way for sure, but nonetheless, the rewards and the accomplishments you will reap in the end is certainly enriching. Nevertheless, you are never in this alone. Be with people who are also seeking their own passion, share your aspirations with those you love and seek inspiration from many influential, amazing people already doing great things and pursuing their passions. As the great philosopher Goethe puts it, “The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” Follow your passions, live your dreams. After all, we have only one life to live, let’s make it as meaningful as we can.
Your Loving Wife
Both the letter and spirit of this international convention have clearly been violated in the case of the patent on the Indian melon. A sovereign national resource has been misappropriated by a multinational entity, and needs to be redressed. Dr Faizi feels that a case pursued in a civil court under the Biodiversity Convention has a higher chance of success than an issue of patent law.
Thursday: honey chipotle salmon, wild-rice, broccoli with cheese
you can see the pasture beyond that will nourish me better than this one
Mati: When I arrived at Cressida Lock I could recall very little of my previous life, but shards of memory have returned to me. I remember a long winding river where I used to watch water birds gather noisily, the scent of pine needles and the call of nightjars piercing the silence of the desert. I can hardly remember how the other cats treated me, but I was always happy and well-fed. Most of all, I remember my amma, the Queen of the Tygrine Cats. I miss her... It hurts to remember.
The wonderful social lite president of this upscale neighborhood organization took a few photos of me because she felt that my speech was very inspiring to her as well as the room. Talk about a nice compliment!
“The man will come for you.”
My family would laugh at this because of my known obsession with my rice sock. ( if you don't know what a rice sock/or bag is , it's just a sock with 2-3 cups of regular rice in it, and tied shut, that you can stick in the microwave to heat to use sort of like a heating pad). Well, I can not live without mine!! I have migraines and it's seriously SO HELPFUL to me. I also heat one up for mom numerous times a day for her hands, knees, lower back.. where ever he arthritis is acting up most. As you can image I have more than ONE in the house... because you never know who will need one. More like 4. They are so easy and so inexpensive to make .. if you haven't tried it before.. give it a whirl. If it helps one person as much as it has me .. it's worth be giving the "rice sock spiel" once again. NOTE: if you made these little hand warmers, I found 20 seconds in the microwave was about right. If you are making a rice sock, I just use a new white tube sock, fill it with 3 cups of regular rice, tie it shut with a piece of ribbon, then microwave it 90 seconds. ( this may very with the difference in microwaves). but whatever you do... DON'T leave it in the microwave too long. Check it often the first time.. because if you scorch the rice... it's just like burning popcorn.. Stinky!... AND you have to start over. Once you scorch it, you have to dump it. As long as you don't scorch it.. you can use it over and over and over. Trust me.. mine has been microwaved hundreds of times. If you want to wash your sock.. rice is cheap enough.. just untie, dump the rice, wash the sock, and then refill with new rice.
I made one more call to the debt collector, and pointed out that neither Optus nor the collection agency were able to find any record of an account or a debt, so I didn't really feel that we could be compelled to pay it. Even so, Ms Debt Collector insisted that we had to pay the debt or legal proceedings would ensue, and that was final.
And then something happened. Actually, a conversation happened. I ranted to my friends about how difficult it was, how I had daily discussions about our food, and about just how sick of it I was. I was given a simple piece of advice. Give them more control in the matter.
The Thin Red Line (dir. Terrence Malick, 1998)
If boundaries are good and necessary, then the more boundaries we have, the better off we will be, right? We will be safer and more comfortable. We will be more sure. More right. So we create more and more boundaries for ourselves, encroaching on the space within. Little by little, we sacrifice our safe space until we find ourselves…in prison!
Granholm sent a letter Thursday to the House and Senate’s Republican and Democratic leaders calling for action.
5. I got an email from my amazing agent with fabulous feedback on my YA yesterday! Can I just say again that she’s amazing?! Some of the things she pointed out were “duh” moments, but I never would have seen them if she hadn’t pointed them out to me. There are LOTS of problems with this MS (I did tell her it was a mess before sending it to her), and I emailed back to ask if she thought it was worth fixing or if I should move on. We’ll see what she says.
Let us move north into France. More specifically, into southern France to the Côtes du Rhône where numerous varietals are grown. In southern Rhône, three red varietals reign supreme, which are grenache, syrah and mourvèdre (or GSM for short). Syrahs and mourvèdres are great varietals, but grenache is truly a special grape. Surprisingly, it is the second most widely planted grape in the world, and the number one grape grown in the Rhône valley. On its own, grenache is a lighter red, with more acidity than tannins and has vibrant berry flavors. Once blended, it provides the acidic backbone to the great Rhône reds, including the world-renowned Châteauneuf-du-Pape wines. These wines are quite possibly some of the most elegant wines not names Bordeaux or Burgundy. Grenache is so important in Châteauneuf-du-Papes that some vitners use up to 80% of it in their blend! Whether it be blended into a great Rhône red or enjoyed by itself as a single varietal wine, grenache is a fantastic grape and is becoming a popular one to be grown in California. If you get a chance and are in Paso Robles, check out Tablas Creek Winery, who are famous for bringing genuine Rhône clones to California. Their espirit de Beaucastel is probably the closest thing to an authentic Châteauneuf-du-Pape that you can get in the states. On a side note, if you are looking for a fun white wine, try grenache blanc. This may be my favorite white wine, with flavors of raspberries and a silky finish, it is spectacular for a white wine.
11 Compared To What
We drove ALL THE WAY AROUND UTAH LAKE.
I do know though that someone's beautiful.
my motto for 2011 is "It's time to start living the life you've imagined" by Henry James. or the similar one by Henry David Thoreau "I learned this, at least, by my experiment; that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavours to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours."
"Fucking bullshit man. You Brits don't have a clue when it comes to the ladies. What happened to good old fashioned romance...uh-hu!"
"The first starship to Centauri could only carry 120 lb. of human being, yet required three specialist crewmen to handle it. The solution was radical but relatively simple. Take a twelve-year-old girl weighing 100 lb., and impress the personalities of three ideal crew members on her mind. These "shadow" crewmen then took the ship - with the girl - to the stars. Quite naturally the four became close friends - which would make for a decidedly complex problem when they returned. From the psychiatrists's point of view he's merely restoring the girl's sanity. But from the crew's point of view it's murder!"
