1 lb. water-packed firm tofu
The State is to care for the elevating national health by protecting the mother and child, by outlawing child-labor, by the encouragement of physical fitness, by means of the legal establishment of a gymnastic and sport obligation, by the utmost support of all organizations concerned with the physical instruction of the young.
I’m looking for submissions of articles, opinions, artwork, poetry, quotes, and anything else you want to send me. I finally decided on this theme because I feel it gives a ton of freedom in what you submit (anything from physical DIY projects, to articles on radical political philosophy, to education, parenting, crafting, and beyond!) while still retaining a more radical feeling and outlook, which makes me, personally, happy! As a note, your submission can also be ANTI or AGAINST something you see as being opposed to a DIY lifestyle (i.e schools).
He added that the rally had tarnished Bersih’s strong image of neutrality.
1/4 cup sweet Marsala (or sherry, port or even sweet wine would be perfect)
Over the last month of being here in Namibia, I have become so much more aware of where my priorities have been. With the absence of many comforts, I am seeing how much my life has been centered around myself instead of Jesus. I just started reading "Gospel" by JD Greear "The gospel has done its work in us when we crave God more than we crave everything else in life… when seeing His kingdom advance in the lives of others gives us more joy than anything we could own, When we see Jesus as greater than anything the world can offer, well gladly let everything go to possess him. When we love others like He loves us, we'll willingly yield our possessions to see His kingdom come into our lives." By God's grace He is using this time to continually remind me that he is enough!
Well, Mike was here yesterday, dropping John off (they’d been stacking wood and getting the “man cave” ready for today’s party). His cap was ready and waiting for him and he was wearing it when he left, one happy man.
03 Mirror Me
Straight pins
To date, I have several non fiction angel stories published in Doreen Virtue’s books: Archangels 101 and Saved by an Angel, both published by Hay House in 2011. I am currently writing a book proposal for Hay House, my favourite publisher, and the world’s leading publisher in the self-empowerment field.
Did you watch it? If you didn't, go back and really listen to it. Even if you've seen it before.
Let me tell you . . . on the eve of my book birthday (it is available on Kindle now), I'm celebrating another victory. I've been in the hospital all week with my 5 yr old who had complications after a balloon valvoplasty and it's been a long but short week. I'm happy so say after , we are finally going home!
AFTER last years 4th round disaster of hitting an 80 shot round – Rory enters this year’s Masters at Augusta National with a point to prove…
Anyway, this got me thinking about nicknames. I come from a family that gives nicknames to everyone. I was called puddin pie as a kid and my nieces’ nicknames are Baby, Girlie, and Baby Girl respectively. My mom calls my nephew baby Mike (his name is Kevin). Other names in my family include Peaches, Woody, June Bug and so on. It’s strange, but something I participate in completely.
2-When I mourn, God will comfort me. When I am devastated and grieving deeply over my sin he is there holding me. I don't have to try and hide in shame. (not that I could ever succeed in hiding from him anyways...Psalm 139) I don't have to break communication with him because I feel so bad. He is waiting with open arms. (Luke 15:11-32 the prodigal son)
And what an amazing turn out for the Customer Holiday Hop as well!!
The Oregon Garden Resort is offering two room packages: the Brewer's Dinner Package for $199 includes a room on Thursday night, two tickets to the Brewer’s Tasting Dinner, breakfast Friday morning, two tasting glasses, 10 tasting tickets and food vouchers for the fest. The Brewfest Package goes for $139/Thur and $169/Friday and includes all of the above except for the Brewer’s Dinner tickets. Saturday is sold out. Call 503-874-2500 to make reservations.
Geller's blog isn't the only one jumping out of their skin about Daniels right now.
Dirk and I remained friends, but a different kind of friend than we had been during the summer. As I grew closer to the little brown church, he drifted from it. In October he confessed to me he had serious doubts about all he had been raised to believe. “It doesn’t seem like it’s right to sing and clap your hands all the time when people in our city are living on the streets with no housing and no medical services.”
After the Makeover
Allows any adult (formerly only heads of families) to produce wine and beer for personal and family use and not for sale without incurring the wine or beer excise taxes or any penalties for quantities per calendar year of: (1) 200 gallons if there are two or more adults in the household and (2) 100 gallons if there is only one adult in the household. Now, aside from this, which was indeed a sea change in the way beer other than "North American industrial lager" could be made and discovered by the teeming masses in the nation........... was there any act or law signed by Jimmy Carter which had any effect of deregulating, in any fashion, the commercial beer industry in the United States?
I have never felt more old in my life, than the moment I threw my back out for the first time. I really need to buckle down on my strength training.
I think I'll just stick to her bouncy seat.
I have a handful, maybe ten, of random issues that survived the Great Recycling Binge of 2008, and I treasure them. This recipe is a reminder of what made Gourmet so great. I'll post the polenta recipe tomorrow.
The day after I went into the hospital, a gang of ruffians came to my house and mowed my lawn. Seems so simple, but it meant that our house didn't look abandoned and Jon could be there with me instead of home mowing the lawn.
Kindle our sense from above,
3. However, the body will only use so much protein each day. It's best to take your weight in kilos and multiply by 1.2 grams to figure out how many grams of protein to eat for the best results. Less than that, and you won't be able to build muscle. For Example 200 lbs=90. 718 kilos x 1. 2= 108 grams.
As the holidays came and went, I was excited to meet Walt's wife and kids... but then I started to worry. What if she didn't like me?!? Walt had mentioned in Sunday School that LeaAnn came from a family with ELEVEN kids, and they all love each other and get a long great. I started thinking she was "one of those". The perfect mom who holds it together and does it all with a smile.
They way she described it back to me made a lot of sense. And connecting with the inner me isn't easy because whenever I do, all I want to do is shut off or go to sleep.
Unfortunately, the reason Braedan has had such wonderful and free exposure to literature is because he’s in the highest reading class. (Of course, no one ever says these things aloud, but it’s true nonetheless…) I’ve seen, both as a teacher and now as a parent, that the lowest performing students (and those, one might argue, who most need exposure to high quality books) are the ones forced to do tedious and repetitive remedial work with little or no literary value. And that, in my mind, is unacceptable. Meaningful learning takes a long time and can be hard to measure, but it is still immensely important.
Here’s the latest for rising leaders…
4. Energy cycles back and forth between my partner and myself when we are relaxed and connected and feeling the music. Kind of like sex, but actually less complex because the dance is a container for the energy without the machinations of romance, emotion and reflection clouding it up. I can totally see how partners can become infatuated (or furious) with one another during a tanda. A little example: in the beginning, tango was very challenging for B, and he was struggling and working really hard to get it right, after a few months of this, during practica one evening he finally really let go of thinking and just danced to the music, and I felt a huge shift and a wave of energy flowed from him into me. And I was like "wow!!--what happened?" and he answered, "I just said 'screw it!' and let go of trying to do it right and just grooved". We were only at the point of walking and doing the basic, but after this we took it to another level, and really started to have fun.
The partnership deal reportedly gives Afghans control over prisoners and makes night raids–a frequent source of Afghan resentment and anger–subject to approval from the Afghan government.
Then I walked over to the window.
We should just do it and see what happens.
04. Band Introductions (2:00)
MARCH 21 only!! Woodbine House is offering an online sale of 25% off 40 products on Down syndrome and related issues in honor of World Down Syndrome Day. The sale lasts just for one day -- March 21, 2011, so be sure to order online on Monday at www.woodbinehouse.com
Well, here are mine. I took Punkie to the fabric store and she had a good time picking out the fabrics for everybody. The 3 fruit ones (apples, blueberries and strawberries) are for her teachers. Rest are for family. I am working on getting all the inserts printed out, cut and laminated. Which reminds me, I need more laminating sheets.
This week there was some discussion of the ‘Writer Vs Planner’ approach to writing. Some people are writers, in that they just sit down and spill out their thoughts without any structural notes or plans, and let the story and characters form organically. Others are planners, those who methodically make notes and lists and charts about plot and characters and locations etc, so that it’s all laid out before them before they commit pen to paper for chapter one. The group seemed to have a slightly higher proportion of planners from what I could tell.
Last week another feature script of mine and that particular collaborator, was passed on via a manager (we’re currently working with in a limited capacity) to the heads of two different HUGE production companies. While selling the script is no guarantee, just getting someone of that level to agree to read a script is indeed a win in itself… And, all of us already involved, believe that THAT particular script will be a winner for whatever studio or production team decides to make it.
Calories: 283
I was 24, and open to all new experiences. The school put we three Americans in a house about a mile from the school. Across the street was Barber-san. Barber-san's name was Kazumasa Oshima, and he had a beauty parlor. He got me drunk many times over the course of the year. Mostly we drank beer. I am an Asahi man to this day.
She will now start her next training phase from a choice of one of four colleges — Stella Mann College in Bedford, Millennium Performing Arts in London, LCPA in Leicester, or Liverpool Theatre School.
I have my good friend Christine, who works for the CIVL (Comité Interprofessionel des Vins du Languedoc) to thank for that list. She hopes she has not missed anyone out!
And in no time at all we're erecting podiums.
They put on the most outrageous clothes,
The extraction itself had to be the worst dentist visit I have ever endured. It took just over two and a quarter hours! There were four roots on this particular molar, one of which he hadn't seen when he did the root canal. He had to grind the tooth into four parts to extract each bit separately, and boy did they hold on for dear life. I felt like he was removing all my teeth with all the grinding and pulling and wrenching!
At 105 minutes, it's not of a length which leaves you with a numb backside and an empty bag of jelly babies for the last half hour, and the photography is, at times, quite stunning. And, of course, the subject matter is some of the most interesting political times in post-war history, so it is very easy to recommend this as good value for your £6+ ticket.
Here is the birthday girl with her birthday sign.
Anyways love all you guys not sure i have anything else.
At 53, Miguel was diagnosed with a rare form of Alzheimer’s. He worked as a manager at Mike’s Hardware store, where he started working after retiring early from the chemical refinery. The doctor’s could not tell how long he would live. It would progress rapidly, they told the family. Rebecca remembered her father before his condition. It was painful remembering how he used to be. Miguel would arrive home from the bar late in the evenings, arguing with his wife. His children witnessed his verbal abuses towards their mother, Angela.
My best friend Sophia (that’s her real name, I love her. shout out!) and I went to the same high school, same college, and joined the same sorority. We’re pretty much inseparable, or we were til she decided to go to law school. Sophia was a Political Science major, and I was a Chemistry major. So she had normal men in her classes and I had….Chem/Bio/Math majors in my classes.
and walking back and forth across the room.
it's so funny that you are had a julius party for your little one because we are having the same theme for my son's 5th birthday in a few weeks! this would totally save me from having to make the banner myself and instead of the tissue poms i was going to do, the i could totally use the garland!Courtney's shop is totally cute and i am in love with the thank you banner!
This picture really needs to be enlarged (click to enlarge) to be appreciated... I just could not get a good photo of it! I had gotten this beautiful frame from Hallmark when they were on sale and I knew there would be a perfect time to use it. This seemed the perfect time! I used parts of two new released sets from Our Daily Bread designs: Confirmation, and Baptism / Confirmation Verses. I stamped the image and sentiment on Papertrey Vintage Cream with Brilliance Platinum Planet ink. It's beautiful ink... silvery, yet not as strong as silver... almost a champagne cast to it. I love it but it sure is hard to photograph!!! LOL!
I really found several of my classmates RILS plans interesting. I was interested in Schoology, Go Animate and improving myself via social media so I chose Mavy and Alf. I believe they really understood their learners and were very clear about the objectives and expectations. They also found an interesting way to implement their lessons.
(Amu, the heroine with Ran (red, sporty chara), Miki (blue artistic chara) & Su (Green, cooking & all things cute chara)
I think that I will give a quick tease about the one of the future stories.
As he sets out on his quest, we learn that other intangibles have been lost. One man has lost his reputation, another his temper. But most importantly, a King has lost his daughter to the fairies. Seeing that Bobo is traveling far and wide in search of the lost half hour, all enlist his help, with the Kind of course offering half his domain for the return of his daughter.
that grinds down fishbones before it spews a mulch
As an example, our natural tendency is to wake up in the morning and start thinking about what we will eat that day – what we’re going to put into our mouths. What we probably need to think about instead is what is going to come out of our mouths that day.
Tomorrow we'll go and pick up Madison and we're going to have a play date! :) we'll see what she feels up to doing....... we have a few fun ideas!
About seventy years ago Vincent Cartwright Vickers stated that :
In 2010, I had had enough of chronic abdominal pain and took the dive to have a complete hysterectomy (I had previously had an oopherectomy for cysts and endometriosis). I was diagnosed with adenomyosis and I didn’t see a way to reverse it.
John Stuart Mill famously argues in On Liberty that censorship has only two possible end results: 1) either the person you are censoring is right and by censoring them you keep people from knowing the truth or 2) the person you are censoring is wrong, and you are forcing them underground in which they will never be exposed to truer alternatives.
But sometimes life is not black and white. Bright line rules are inappropriate and dangerous tools any time the issues turn on a variety circumstances and there is a risk of sweeping up innocent activity or individuals. Then a balancing test, or case-by-case analysis, is much more appropriate.
The first thing that hit me was the ridiculously strong smell of this beer right out of the bottle. Classified as a barley wine it smelled of alcohol and malt with a hint of chocolate and licorice.
I didn't listen to her. Or I listened but I didn't hear her. All the signs were there. Her school work had taken a turn for the worse in the prior few weeks; She had been quieter and more withdrawn in class; her parents had recently separated, and I knew she had a difficult home life. The weird sense of "off"-ness in her manner that day - there were signs in it. I don't think I have words to articulate what it was, but in hindsight I can see that there was something in her behavior or manner that should have triggered an alarm in my subconscious. Or maybe it did, but I didn't hear it because I was too busy, and too uncomfortable. Maybe she just needed to feel like someone cared, and I didn't give her what she needed. Maybe if I had just looked her in the eyes that day and said "Julie, are you okay?" maybe she would have broken down and told me what was on her mind. But I didn't. I didn't ask, and she didn't tell. Maybe it wouldn't have made any difference anyway, but I'll never know. And I'll never forgive myself for not asking.
It is hard to overstate the importance of the following point: rendering either of the two sweeps ineffective kills the investigation. If the bottom-up sweep comes up empty, no top-down sweep can secure a conviction, however accurately it may narrow down the candidates for investigation (Note: this ignores the effects of interrogation, which will be discussed in the second installment of this essay). Of course it is hugely to the disadvantage of a criminal to be identified in this fashion if he hopes to continue a life of crime; he will be under close scrutiny thenceforth, and fresh evidence gained in the future may be used to secure convictions for crimes he thought he had got away with. Nonetheless, the fundamental point remains that, at least for the time being, they are in the clear. Conviction on the part of the police that they know who committed a certain crime does not constitute evidence that will stand up in court.
The epaulettes of Captains three years post, to have an addition of a silver crown over a silver anchor.
- No historical stuff? Mmm… I don´t know. I´m kind of burned. I have been painting Napoleonics and some Ancients stuff for a while now, so I´ll just wait for the perfect moment before starting any of those DBA armies I recently bought in plastic.
1 tbsp all-purpose seasoning.
- occupied Manila
I apologize Walt Whitman,
2.Place the 350g of the butter and 350g sugar in an electric mixer and cream until light and fluffy, or alternatively, if you have a very big bowl and strong arms, mix by hand instead. Mix all the eggs together in a bowl with a fork and then slowly incorporate into the mixture. Beat in the vanilla extract, flour and baking powder until well mixed. Now add the soured cream and mix well until everything is combined and the mixture is light and fluffy.
Thirty years ago Anwar Sadat, the Egyptian President at the time, said: “The only matter that could take Egypt to war again is water.” During the famine that afflicted this part of Africa in the 1980s, Boutros Boutros Ghali, Egypt’s Foreign Minister who became UN Secretary-General, warned: “The next war in our region will be over water, not politics.”
Fields of Study: Fauna
They turned it over to an intermediary who arranged to have the same man, Richard Tottel, print it that had printed his uncle Surrey's poetry some years earlier. They put the name on it of a young student of Magdalen College at Oxford who had recently died in a shipwreck. They also backdated the date on the title page to 1562, to further confuse the curious. Thus was created a pattern that would repeat itself until his death, each new work demanding a new tactic to get published, until the mature poet would leave behind a trail of pen names, pseudonyms, and standins, to finish finally with the pun Will Shake-spear.
The model was young and a dancer,
- 2 melons;
How I know you so well
It should’ve been the final job for the Baron. The last delivery, and then I’d be done with him forever. But I lost the package and here I found myself, back at the Baron’s, ready to beg forgiveness. To ask for a final chance to pay off my debt – a final chance to be free.
To kick off this great tradition, Bruegger’s 300 plus locations all across the country will host Free Coffee Day on November 9th. They are inviting guests to come in and enjoy a piping hot cup of Bruegger’s coffee and asking them to make a donation to their local Children’s Hospital in return. All money collected will be given back to that locations neighborhood hospital.
4. The kids would absolutely benefit with some sort of art caddy and they can get pretty pricey so I am all about trying to DIY our own. I am thinking of using a caddy like this one, painting it out and pairing it with some small red buckets like these. If for some reason the buckets don't fit in the caddy, we will be onto plan B. I have also seen oodles of cute utensil caddy's that would also double as great art totes for kiddos.
Best Overall Chocolate - Amy Blodgett (amateur class)
9. Boys can build better forts than girls.
The Hunger Games serve as a grim reminder of the failed uprising of Districts 1-13 in Panem almost a century prior to the setting of the books. Now, there are only 12 Districts (officially). 13 was destroyed by the incomparable Capitol. Filled with the “best” Panem has to offer, the Capitol also houses the infamous President Snow.
DPWSF Blog (dpwsfblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
I held on to this post for way too long since there are Autumn brews all over the shelves. Picking up this brew was a no brainer, Blue Point is one of my favorite locals and I would not hesitate to try anything they come out with. This beer is definitely on the bitter side with an acidic pucker. I would not say I would buy these again after finishing a six pack because of how acidic it comes off to me.
I decided to try the menu and also to have another beer.
Barrington Stoke have always tempted top authors into writing for dyslexics and reluctant readers and next year Geraldine McCaughrean will join them. They are now publishing more titles for girls, even some in the US, called Stoke Books. "We're more 'tradey' these days, " says Jane Walker, "with titles being part of Waterstones Core Stock."
The hands of a craftsman shape visions
But I have a feeling they are stressed about the payments. They HAVE to work the long hours to pay for all that.
In many circumstances, the nurse may conclude that her interests are contrary to those of the hospital or employer, which could result in the attorney hired by the hospital withdrawing from further representation of the nurse. Additionally, it may be necessary for the nurse to raise evidence showing that the injury was caused by another nurse or hospital employee, in order to defend herself. It is doubtful that an attorney representing the employer or hospital would raise this defense since it would prove liability against the employer hospital.
An inspiration to each and every wrestler in the Midwest, that proves that with hard work, dedication, talent ,professionalism and a little luck that you are able to make it to the biggest show on earth, the WWE.
Movie- Soul Surfer
The motherlode of awesomeness....a rare find!!
DUMB
He thus began a career in art, not portraits like his father, but large scale works of mythology and religious imagery. His talent seemed to exceed dad's and he mastered another subject - depictions of everyday Parisian life. Images of the well to do doing well, and doing typical polite everyday things. This was unusual because, his works were like a true view on this upper class.
BECAUSE WE KNOW THAT -
Numerous times the President called for Americans—and specifically politicians—to work together. “We are part of the American family,” he said. “I believe we can, and must, work together.”
At the moment my son (4) has boring Ikea furniture in his room and I want to replace all of that with something fun but practical. We thought he might become more enthusiastic about going to bed if it's somewhere high. And theoretically there would be more space in his room, though this is not such an issue.
’The final straw came when Joe allegedly demanded that she let a nanny look after her son, full-time. Kristin immediately moved back in with her mom. But the next day her husband sent her a sexual contract, listing what she would have to do if she came back. "Joe said I never allowed him a ‘feel of a t*t’, our sex life was ‘non-existent’ and that would all have to change. But the breaking point was him demanding again that a nanny look after Matthew so I could spend more time with him. My son meant more to be than anything. You could keep all the designer handbags, shoes and dresses. I just wasn’t interested and refused to go back."
I wanted to do something with this but all I had left, colourwise in my basic tool set, was
Let’s take a step back and change your attitude choice. You arrive at work. You leave your troubles at the door. You choose to be positive toward your colleagues. You choose to lift the atmosphere and be happy. This is not a false state of being but rather you have given yourself permission to say “I choose to be happy and to be positive at work”. It then becomes your choice to deal with your troubles outside of work time. Again it is your choice to do this or not.
Raw/Somebody Else's collaboration beer of unrememberable name
So here's the deal... I feel my choice in dining establishments has potentially been misrepresented... that with the 'hawker food' tag comes the mystery that you aren't really sure whether the 'beef' is actually beef or that stray dog from down the road that you don't see around anymore.
Michael Devine - The blog grew out of a desire to continue my magazine editorial experience. I have always felt that the role of an editor was that of a conduit between people and ideas. This spring I am developing a bi monthly profile series, Tea with.... that will explore how people came into their respective careers.
The jewish question was eventually answered by fiat, imposed from above by European political leaders who were sympathetic to and already in the process of assimilating with the jews. These leaders declared jews equal citizens and granted them full political equality. This process occurred in fits and starts, at various times and places in Europe, during the first half of the 19th century. In exchange jews were expected to drop their particularist identity, to stop being jews and assimilate.
After spritz dries (quick!) apply Glue Gloss over the eggs and sprinkle with glitter. Allow to dry completely. Eggs, done!
PS: the paladin did eventually get his artifact and Robyn's debt was paid in full.
If you are in need of inspiration here is what the team came up with
Since the Second World War, fights over highway construction have been a lively area for Georgia’s popular politics. While concentrated in metro Atlanta, where about half of the state’s population lives and where half the perceived “need” for new roads is found, there are few corners of the state that have not experienced “road fights” involving an unwilling seller’s private property condemned for right-of-way. One Atlanta road was stopped when it was determined that the state could not use eminent domain to take public property. A new statute on that subject had to be enacted for construction to proceed; that process ultimately led to the road being dramatically reduced in scale.
In a small bowl combine topping ingredients, cut with a pastry blender or large fork or your fingers until crumble, sprinkle over muffins.
to not place value on my comments or followers or any of that non-sense.
Happy Belgian Independence Day*!
So for example, Agent Richard Curtis has a separate ePublishing company called eReads. He is not a member of AAR. And please, do not take this as any personal commentary on Richard. This is just an example.
1287 **D-XII/31/1997. “‘Racism’ and Its Aftermath.” Memorandum to a faculty colleague, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(11), above, p. 114, n. 41. The concluding words in line 14 of the published memorandum should be, “have been sent”.)
34. The Ballad Of An Impotent Troubadour - 1995 - Tiny Tim
XML to NTEXT
The first band up were the ‘only a thrash band would dare call themselves this’ SKULL CRUSHER. A four piece, their set was plagued by a ridiculously loud bass sound which at first was just a back ground grumble, but very soon turned into a massive roar.
Mind you, I saw several doctors and none of them were able to figure this out. Oh no, it was me that figured it out. Do I get paid $175,000 a year for it? Like fuck I do.
Phase 7) Impose SAP’s through the IMF
Piers Morgan Tonight
Winged Things sure was a fun challenge! Thank you for all the wonderful entries. Our sponsor last week was Sweet N Sassy stamps and they kindly donated 3 digis to the winner.
I own a Truisms t-shirt by the conceptual artist Jenny Holzer on which a bunch of seemingly contradictory phrases are silkscreened (I used to get into an argument over one of them with a good friend of mine every time I wore the shirt...but that's a whole 'nother story). Among the phrases is BOREDOM MAKES YOU DO CRAZY THINGS.
The January 2011 Daring Bakers' challenge was hosted by Asteroshe of the blog Accro. She chose to make a Biscuit Joconde Imprime to wrap around an Entremets dessert. It's easier to make than it looks. You just gotta have some courage! And a pastry comb.
How it works: When someone visits the BNR and purchases an item from a shop featured in the treasury, the buyer's shop is then featured in the seller's place. So the buyer replaces the seller in the treasury. Make sense? In a BNS, a buyer buys from a featured shop, but the seller stays in that particular BNS round. The buyer is not featured until the next round of the BNS. The buyer buys and the seller stays for more sales. Make sense?
I'll be working on cutting expenses, too, and switching web hosts will be part of that. I'm not looking forward to moving all the files (800-something at last count) but I can save a lot by doing it. The site will likely be kind of wonky while the switch is happening but I'll let you know ahead of time.
In April 2006, Benjamin Albers, Christina Beaule, Jessica Boa, Matt Brim, Jason Mahn, and Marcia Rego joined Harris in signing the Group of 88’s statement. Unlike Harris, none of these faculty enjoyed the protection of tenure, and therefore were vulnerable to the political whims of their superiors. Harris does not seem to have concerned himself with how a self-described “manager” signing onto a highly controversial statement might have pressured—even if unintentionally—his contingent subordinates to endorse the statement as well. By the time the “clarifying” ad appeared in January 2007, Boa had left Duke, but Albers, Brim, and Rego joined Harris and five other UWP faculty members (Erin Gayton, Erik Harms, Fred Klaits, Tamera Marko, Kristin Solli) in signing onto that anti-lacrosse statement.
The point?!
I am going to start with one family of cartoons, Looney Toons, brought to you by Warner Brothers.
Let me lay to rest the most common misconception with this bill. Most argue that the mandate included is no different than the many states requiring drivers to be insured. That is a fallacy. First of all, I have the right to not drive and therefore no need for insurance. Second of all, the states require not insurance, but proof of financial responsibility. This means that all I have to do is show that I am capable and will be capable to meet claims for damages that I cause OTHERS while exercising my privilege to drive. I choose to meet this proof in several ways, auto insurance being one way. I can choose to use the insurer I wish to use also.
JO: We almost have to redesign the city. When restructuring pathways, make sure infrastructure is usable.
The next event is tomorrow, at the Power & Light, under the canopy. It’s $5 to get in, free Boulevard beer, and a guaranteed way to meet a ton of people in KC. Link for info is here:
6 cups of vegetable stock
With all three parties neither denying nor agreeing to the claims of the sale of Proton, it really is anyone’s guess how the saga will further develop.
1 cup uncooked spinach (you cook this in the microwave for about 90 seconds and then wring out any excess water)
Used for balance exercises
The key to their love and hair-boosting abilities is zinc — a powerful antioxidant.
I dandered through town. Starving I was. I used this whirring hunger to hone my survival acumen, imagining it as one of those spinning, sparking wheels people use to sharpen swords on. I went past a stall with a man selling counterfeit Ben10 shite. He were shouting, - Five lighters for a poun'! - and I remembered back to when I were younger when mother led me by the hand round town round “all the shaps! Lookin for a bargain!” and I used to hear these men shouting “Five lighters for a poun'!” and I remember there was a WAY they shouted it, it weren't so much like they were making an offer, more like they were boasting about it. I remember thinking:
Sorry about the brightness of the above card. My scanner is not happy with the white on this paper.
I go to bed with peace though. Peace that God did provide today, and He did lift me up when I called to Him. Peace that in the big picture of life this is really a small insignificant event. A small teaching moment to myself at least, and to Kristen as well that she must not cut other's hair. I do not think though I will ever forget that moment answering the phone this morning saying "really, she did what?" I pray I never have to ask that again, but if I do, I will handle it a lot better. Maybe I should too be asking that question about myself as well and how I reacted "really, she did what?"
I had some play time in my studio this morning, so I pulled out my Just Sayin' stamps and put together this card. I will admit that I had intended on making a card that fit the current challenge of Spring Colors. I already had the design in mind, and I wanted to try the Tissue Tape technique from the current Technique Junkies newsletter. When I went to find my tissue paper, all I could find was this dark blue. (not really a spring color) My white and spring color tissue paper has disappeared from the face of the earth. I was determined not to give up, so I used the dark blue tissue paper and stamped it with white pigment ink. It worked just fine. I die cut the window (modified ODBD/Spellbinders) from woodgrain paper. The background panel was dry embossed using one of the Spellbinder embossibilities folders. For the window glass and rainy view I dry embossed a piece of packing acetate and layered it over some gray cardstock. It doesn't look like kitty will be going outside to play anytime soon. The sentiment says it all.
Do you think that the retelling of myths is important or relevant for the children of today? Why should they care about some “dry old stories” which come from ancient or forgotten cultures they might never even have heard of?
You can help the outcome of your performance reviews by creating a “safe zone” for your employees where you can both engage in open and honest discussion.
Fleabane
Every year I write a foreword to the manual. It’s the very last thing I do after I proof read and spell check. What follows now and for the rest of this blog entry is the foreword to this years manual update. It gives a general picture of what I experienced while preparing for this years update.
Thanks to all of you, a package of 227 cards (over 50 Mother's Day cards plus birthday and blank cards) has been taken to BC Childrens Hospital. I'm particularly pleased that this batch of cards included some for infants as well as a selection for teenagers.
The original idea was to spend this new free time creatively. As a few of you may know, in my various guises over the past 6 years or so I have in addition to my obvious dexterity with the quill, at one time or another, tried my hand at being a musician, comedian, performance artist and - I'll pull no punches here - an acutely embarrassing and hirsute excuse for a female impersonator. Given this plethora of creative pies into which I might prod an enirely metaphorical finger, there would be no end of valuable uses to which I would be able to put this liberating new dollop of time. We could get by on a little less money every month. If anything, I had recently come to the conclusion that I had rather too much of everything - all those unplayed LPs, unread books, unwatched movies. In short, I could easily do without a bit of disposable cash. Nothing that it could buy me would be anywhere near as valuable to me as those 5 hours worth of time. So, why not?
My Favorite Wife – 0
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY! I hope today finds you something sweet!
Please do not forget a moment of silence today (I do it at 11:11) to remember our fallen
MAAnd a bit of an emotional response arrives. Am I getting through? Is he starting to feel at least a bit guilty in that cesspool of a conscience?
This month the challenge was
If scientists were to do a “This is Your Brain on Happiness” test – on me – it would go like this:
And no one cares.
A month later we took a family vacation that involved an airplane. As we made our descent at the end of the first leg, both kids looked out their respective windows.
All the world wonder’d:
One significant event was discovering the perfect science project for Brendan. I knew Brendan was interested in the environment and earth sciences (the first book centers on his budding interest in geology). I found a great website for students looking for projects for science fairs. On the site, I answered all the questions as if I were Brendan, and they provided me with a list of projects suited just for him!
- 6 dried red chillies
How to Apply: Send a resume and cover letter, discussing why you’re the ideal candidate to be a SLS, to “SpotLightSeattle Editor” at info@spotlightseattle.com.
All together there will be about 13 houses when complete. This will serve as the main hub for this region. Shooting for 15-20 side quests per region as well. Got my work cut out for me, but I can make it happen. Just need oh a few hundred hours of spare time to dedicate to it. The hardest part is mapping out places. Takes forever. I have gotten a lot smarter about it along the way though making the process ten times easier than before.
But then again I am biased. Just a little.
I like you the best
HSDPA 900 & 2100
May 3 is Paranormal Day, a day to talk about scary things like ghosts, vampires and other undead creatures that go bump in the night, and sometimes in broad daylight.
Our challenge this month is to create a new project following the colour theme of Aqua and White and we have two fabulous prizes: The first prize is from the Ribbon Girl - it is a lovely Aqua Ribbon Kit
In the two years since we've owned our house, our landscaping work has pretty much involved two dominant tasks: rip out and plant grass seed. Remember this before and after of the side yard?
4.Carpet Crawl 6:38
Paper: Stampin' Up Black, Pink; Patterned Paper: Marcella By K & Company Fresh Paint; Metallic Grey, Aqua
Hi - Hello - Do you remember me? My name is Kristal and this is my little piece of blogland, but I seem to have vanished from it for awhile. Sorry about that. To say that things have been busy is an understatement. But I am putting my foot down and making things return to normal. Because I enjoy my blog and all the friends that I have made with and all the cool and interesting things that happen with it.
On the other hand, I am continuing to make changes to what we do and how we do it. I am constantly striving for improvement and I hope that each of the students will do the same. Today I made a change in what we do for our read aloud. Instead of reading a work of fiction, I started to reading a biography of Abraham Lincoln by Carl Sandburg. The biography is highly acclaimed and I thought it would be a good way or tying in our social studies standards for learning Illinois history.
What we eat is a personal issue, and in my mind quite sacrosanct. In addition to the fundamental nature of nutrition – we are what we eat – food is so closely aligned with culture, family and tradition, that the idea a random state administrator could alter those choices is horrifying.
1) Leave a comment here.
Santa: This godfather of San Mateo ramen shops was on last year's list, and I have yet to slurp there. (Yes, I realize a lot of haters say Santa just hasn't been the same recently, but I don't care. I still want to know.)
And on yet another frustrating note, for those who subscribe to this feed via Google Friend Connect, I have no idea why but the feed may not be updating in Google Reader. If you can, I would appreciate it if you signed up to receive my posts via email instead of relying on the google reader, which hasn’t updated in a month for me, but it did for one of my followers (confused!). On the top left hand corner of my sidebar, you can sign up to receive the emailed updates. I have a sneaky suspicion that my traffic has dwindled because of the stupid google reader not updating.
In Joyce's post, "Is it okay to cry now", I was so impressed with her strength and courage in the face of death that I just had to feature her this week. How many of you would have had her attitude if you survived an explosion? She writes:
Who is a musician who plays the keyboards.
Despite his caution in reading statistics, Duffy shows less care in assessing theologically the Homilies that accompanied the Profitable and Necessarye Doctryne. He contrasts the “grim and negative anthropology” of Cranmer’s homilies to the new Catholic homilies, which promoted “the dignity of human nature ennobled by the incarnation” (67). Furthermore, he contrasts an “Edwardian homily” that presented Christ’s death as a propitiatory sacrifice (that is, “‘to aswage God’s wrath and indignation conceived against us’”) against the Catholic portrayal of Christ’s death in basically Abelardian terms (that is, “‘a moost parfyt myrrour and glasse for us, therein to beholde the excedying great love of God towarde us’”). In all he says, the Catholic Homilies contain a “more humane theological outlook” (67).
Sing me back home, the song my mama sang
The second version, written almost in parallel, for the Macmillan Treasury of Nursery Stories, gave me far longer to expand on how nasty the sisters were and how magical the transformations wrought by the Fairy Godmother. The delightful pictures were by Anna Currey, whom I met for the first time only last month, years after we did the book.
ps- It's almost the weekend and I am so thrilled to have one of my besties and her fiance staying with us for the weekend!! xoxo.
Scientists were obsessed with finding the pacemaker cell, the one that sent a signal to control the rest. Even after years of study without having found it, they continued to believe it was only a matter of time. The idea that this could happen without a leader of sorts didn’t occur to them (at least in the earlier literature I read on the subject).
Total breakdown for the transformation was as follows (over the past two years):
Hi, Hows your week going so far? I have had a busy one but all days seem to be busy for us lately. I have a Winner from the Lily Pad Cards Blog Hop post.......Drum-roll.....Cheryl S you are the Winner.
Feel the breeze on my cheek, the grass under my shoe
For the Urfe character in The Magus, he meets a young beautiful woman protegé of Conchis named Lily de Seitas who has a twin sister, Rose… and both seduce him… drawing him in deeper…
Paul submits his teaching to him and the other apostles in Jerusalem in
50g minced pork (with fats)
Remember: The longest journey begins with a single step.
The city’s core now has 96 people and jobs per hectare. The city’s growth target calls for 150 people and jobs per hectare by 2031 – the year used in the province’s Places to Grow legislation.
Here are the details of this precious party. I'm already thinking of next years party. Not sure there is one thing I would change :)
Readers — I just got some “helpful” back-to-school tips from a famous sunscreen company. (Hint: Think dog and little girl and bathingsuit.) Not only does that company really want kids to wear — this’ll surprise you — sunscreen when they go out for recess, but it had some other suggestions. Well, two, actually, one of which was for kids to wear a comfortable (as opposed to uncomfortable) backpack. Never woulda thought of that! The one single other “tip”?
Sure, New York may have a few more Serbian restaurants. San Francisco may sport more foodie attitude.
Small pinch of dried chilli flakes
We are very proud to welcome a new sponsor for this challenge, Tickled Pink Stamps.
Time really was pressing now and there were signs that some people may have had the odd drink or three. Still, what better way to refresh yourself than with some Windermere Pale in the Dispensary?
The seat rotates a full 360° for endless interaction with the activity stations. Twin overhead toy arms provide even more entertainment options. And the three different height positions make this one saucer your baby won't soon outgrow. Four link loops mean still more toys can be attached. Part of the Sunnyside Safari™ Collection, this saucer will quickly become a family favorite. Start the fun with Bright Starts!™
You want a Stinger Missile? Ask Santa! Right a wish list and post it to Santa Clause, North Pole. Hang up your socks and wait. Remember, when Santa arrives, pretend you’re sleep. Don’t embarrass Santa by pulling on his false beard, or try to identify him. FBI entrapment agents are very shy and may spoil your wish.
Josie, the first one came to visit us once when we lived in Chihuahua, Mexico. We had a lot of fun together, playing games, and she liked to “fix” my hair. We played hopscotch and did other girl things. She was born in Germany so I missed her first year. She was Jim Jr. and Suzy’s daughter.
Instead of offering one assessment session and up to four treatment sessions the managers in charge (the words piss up, brewery, couldn't manage a, come to mind) have decided that they will only fund an "advice and guidance" session.
Sometimes they catch fire then fade away, like the Bonus Army in 1932. Sometimes they grow to power yet suddenly die (like the New Model Army after Cromwell). Sometimes they sweep all before them, like the Protestant Reformation and the American Revolution. Nobody can accurately predict these things.
I was hoping the love conversation was behind us, but he turned to me first thing and said that he loved me. That he’d told me he’d say it sober, and now he was saying it. He loves me and wants me to be his girlfriend. He’s so in love with me.
Since the 1950s, the RAND has been instrumental in defining U.S. military strategy. Their most visible contribution is the doctrine of nuclear deterrence by Mutually Assured Destruction (MAD), developed under the guidance of then-Defense Secretary Robert McNamara and based upon their work with game theory. Chief strategist Herman Kahn also posited the idea of a “winnable” nuclear exchange in his 1960 book On Thermonuclear War. This led to Kahn being one of the models for the titular character of the film Dr. Strangelove.
As a thousand burning bright
The green was picked out by a little girl I used to know
Me and my friend were astonished to see such careless attitude towards studies, we blamed media, parents, independence etc but the thing which we ignored was that those kids were ruining their life by smoking shisha.
In other words, there is nothing that might happen that would prove scientifically that God does or does not exist.
Incident 3:
6And the Egyptians were cruel to us, crushing us under a hard yoke:
And we promise to take care of your young son Ted
The lounge on “B” deck was filled with a milling crowd, and as we went through the doorway out onto the deck, people pushed between my father and mother and Long and me. Long and I could not catch up and were entirely separated from them. I never saw my Father again.
To stand behind the sacred desk dressed like Herod while bowing to Caesar; holding the world’s most precious possession preaching words from its pages that were sealed in the blood of the men who wrote them down; is indeed to play the most dangerous game in town.
Tonight’s game in Las Vegas is at 7:05, and you can hear it on South Sound Sports 850 AM and streaming online right here. Tacoma starts RHP Jarrett Grube (0-1, 10.80) against LHP Aaron Laffey (0-2, 6.75). Laffey is a former Mariner.
Ridgeway Brewing Lump Of Coal
So I had to cancel the idea. But the spark of hope never faded.
Exner’s story. Despite the salacious material, the movie was incredibly
The palette we were working with was azure blue, black and white.
Today is a lovely chill out day - well until 3ish when we're going for after christmas drinks and then off to see the film Hugo in our big 3d specs. The cold I had before christmas turned into enormous loud sneezes on christmas day. Now I've got a swollen throat and the back of my tongue feels all huge and sore. Mr Bun can't stop laughing when I speak as I sound special apparently.
11. OPI Tease-y Does It (2)
store. I had to try the
Dog facts:
Follow this blog for more updates as we approach UFC 137 for Dustin, and I can tell you that there’s a LOT of other big news coming out for many of his Fiore MMA stable mates. Check here and our Facebook page for ongoing updates.
What does "same time" mean? Officially, the developer promises the arena by 2010. A more realistic best-case scenario is 2011. Maybe we'll learn more about the timetable if the state Assembly passes a law proposed by Assemblyman Richard Brodsky that would require the Empire State Development Corporation (ESDC) to report on the status of major projects, including Atlantic Yards.
We will miss the quaddies and little Annie so much (Mike and Amber too)! We hope to "experience" them again soon!
Wow. Where to begin. I'd previously only known Robert Siodmak as a director of noirish material so this lurid Technicolor frenzy came as something of a surprise. Even with Hollywood's loose approach to historical and geographical accuracy, this is fevered stuff, set on a series of isolated islands that feature both snake charmers and chimpanzees, not to mention both young Sabu, forced to utter his lines in a rather hideous pidgin ("I are..." etc.), among the "natives."
My hat goes off to Madrid and their team. They were the most consistent team in La Liga and proved that they deserved title.
I find that I pray for them. Even after all that I’ve been through. And all the things that have happened. That I can’t help but believe they did to me. I find I am not angry with them. I find, instead, that I am sad for them. And sorry for them. For they have lost touch with their own hearts and souls. And they no longer know what they do, or how they live. That they simply cannot see the way they are.
I go out into the yard where the newspaper waits
Ah yes the day ended on a positive note, even if there is one very trying student in the class. But hey, there is usually one and she will only make me a better trainer in the long run.
Tiets has been playing with the new Simply Sassy Stamps and I must admit that Fashionista is one of my fav from this set. Don't you thinks shes cute? Tiets is very well know in Netherlands with her own online club and teaching at her local store, many of the DT have been know to appear locally as demonstrators or teaching classes. There are a few directions your hobby can take you, most are happy to
And the pillow got straight-line quilting with my walking foot, with variable-width gaps between the Vs. I kind of like how this one turned out, especially since I did wide spacing for the last couple Vs, and the quilting makes the whole thing want to curve up at the center, which is just right for a pillow, don't you think?
minimalism was where it was at, and Bush-style conceptualism
“The roof was like a sardine can. I thought, ‘this is impossible’.”
10. Stay in touch with your feelings. This is the most important factor in
Miz comes out a talks about being in the main event last year and now he’s on the free show this year. Miz promises to make this the most watched free show ever, and here comes the champion. Miz controls the early part of the match and looked good, but misses the second corner clothesline. This gives Santino the chance to hit the Cobra for the win. 5/10 a good match, but short as expected for the pre-show. A good solid opening match to get the crowd going.
What can you do with RM1.50 nowadays? If you can list out ten items or food which you can buy with only RM1.50, you can probably save more than enough for your future. As for me, RM1.50 is what I am paying for a breakfast set that comprises a large piece of cake and a glass of drink.
To Freddie - I hope you are entertaining on the other side. Here's to you...and thanks!
Eksuccess Mini Butterfly Punch
After this we headed back to the hotel to get the cab they had arranged for us. It was 1600 so, unsurprisingly, it was crazy-traffic, it took us ninety minutes to do an hour that could be done in half the time. At the airport we had two hold-ups with security. Firstly Nabeela got taken aside and body-searched due to her wearing two sets of trousers (with her waterproofs over her jeans in case of rain).
A year before I started the blog Poop and Boogies my oldest child was born. I never did document in the web log form all of those "firsts". Or all of those first time parent feelings of being awed and scared and excited and tired and happy and scared and proud and scared.
The relationship between me and Noel are getting stronger and stronger. We're very connected and I trust him completely. We've had to sit down and discuss how to tackle our common friend, who is yet again in a very depressive spot but is also letting everyone who wants to listen know about my personal life. I don't in particular want the whole village to know about my abusive past, and well now they do. I don't in particular want them to know everything about Noel that he's told our friend in confidence. But now they do. So tomorrow we're going to sit down together and try and put an end to the gossiping that has started thanks to a very big mouth. Well at least stop the source. I can do nothing about the rumors that are already out there. And frankly I do not care.
We walked, without really pushing it, till 1PM. Had lunch in some place that looked like an amphitheatre. It believe it was Zoroaster Temple. There were some guys that went all the way to the dry clear creek. But it required another hour (at least) so we skipped that.
and Coronel Díaz is now Palermo SoCa (South of Canning even though it
Same way thousands of mathematicians worked for centuries to solve complex variables, partial derivations to see if they can develop a mathematical model to predict earth quakes. Seismology departments again uses a mathematical modeling. This spurred the growth of computer simulated weather forecasts, spur the growth of telescopes to observe cloud and moisture patterns. Mathematicians for centuries tried to develop complex models, algorithms and programs to see whether they can predict something about weather. The success is barely 50%. The worst is in terms of predicting human behavior.
Oriana summons a magical book of kingdom secrets and Uncle Duke opens it. Ladies and gentleman, the kingdom secrets Oriana has been protecting and that the slim plot of THIS ENTIRE FUCKING MOVIE WAS BASED AROUND.
Nothing can beat, when she gives you a pleasant smile.
Preheat the oven on grill mode and line a baking tray with aluminium foil. I'd advice you to double the layer in order to be prevent the juices from spoiling the tray.
Click HERE, for an inside look at season one, currently available on Crackle.com. Plus, stay tuned for season two of “James Hyde Steals the Show,” showcasing all that Boston has to offer in the way of weird, shocking and flat-out interesting entertainment.
to lay down one's life for one's friends.
The room faces East and North, the floors and walls were painted in different tones of Benjamin Moore whites. Some doors were removed and walls added to create a small entry of sorts and give this out of the way space, its own identity.
17k - The goal of world community with peace, liberty, and justice for all
Joint statements were issued in Washington and Tokyo on 26 April hopefully bringing a resolution to an issue that has often been a political “hot potato” for the leadership of both nations and has, at times, posed a serious threat to the long-standing US-Japanese defense alliance. Japan remains a key partner in America’s strategic vision to guarantee stability in the Asia-Pacific region and in so doing, encourages the political and economic development of the entire region.
10. Says the cream puff to the chocolate éclair: "Wow, this place is desserted."
Lately I have been knitting lots of whale cat toys for our local Animal Shelter. It is now Spring season and that means it’s only a matter of time before all the shelters will be filled with lots of cute little fluffy kittens that will be cooped up in small cages all day. So I want to do my part to make their days a little less boring.
Willow and I found this nifty weed on our walk the other day. I put it in an old milk bottle with some lavender buds from right outside our door and a little bird that I made last fall, from this tutorial.
This team loves to have fun and I have to say that they've GOT GAME! Have a look at their inspiring creations before you head on out to make your own...
Anyway, I’ll continue with my story. So we were learning about Darwin before he became famous. He’d gone to medical school in Edinburgh, a top-notch medical school at the time, and studied under Alexander Monro (tertius). Alexander Monro (tertius) was the son of Alexander Monro (secundus), the son of Alexander Monro (primus). Alexander Monro (primus) was a great anatomy professor who actually founded Edinburgh Medical School and passed down not only his position as professor to his son and then grandson, but also his lecture notes. These notes have since been put into a book that ended up… guess where. DUNEDIN. This man’s lecture notes are in the University of Otago’s Central Library Special Collection room. I almost yawped in delight.
Coleman has endurred brain surgery, chemo, radiation, CT scans by the dozen, MRIs that he no longer has to be sedated for...he is a pro, multiple lines, port-a-caths, a stem cell harvest and transplant and two relapses. His fight is getting harder and there are less and less options for him.
I must confess, I have not tried all of these, but these are some of the favorites out there. You need to test your own inks to see what works for you.
Match 8) John Cena def. Brock Lesnar
In some cases the ingredient is available from more than one source. In general I tried to select the one with the lowest shipping charges.
November 13 2012 total solar eclipse in which sun and moon align with head of the Serpent (constellation Serpens)
I discovered that my legs were not at all weary even after a few hours of cycling. The traffic of the M25 could be heard as it loomed ahead of us and Waltham Abbey was calling out for a visit. The river continued to part the land for its journey north and I was about to leave London’s boundary for the first time on a bicycle. I knew this day was not over just yet…
Bard SP
I chose this book Ten Little Fingers and Ten Little Toes for Henri because it’s vivid illustrations and rhyming text describe a view of the world that I can whole heartedly endorse. Its perspective may be idealistic but it is my wish and hope that it could be a reality for my grandson and his peers. The book says……..every child in the world is very special……..every child in the world is unique and different and those differences should be appreciated and enjoyed…… but in so many ways every child in the world is just the same.
The first night there I was sooo tired I nearly fell asleep in John Taylor Gatto's keynote address! That first day though, it struck me how very different it was for me just a year from my first unschooling conference. I knew SO MANY PEOPLE! I could barely take two steps without running into someone to hug hello, chat with, or just enthusiastically wave hi to. I was even greeted by a lovely gift in one case. It was a truly great feeling. ♥
Saying that PR had “bigger fish to fry”, he stressed that the “future of this country does not depend on this one man.”
Levi's denim jacket and jeans, vintage cashmere sweater, vest, belt, and boots
quantities of natural gas and
Unlike most firm hold hairsprays, it doesn't make my hair hard or sticky in any way. In fact, I could still comb through my hair with ease. Also, It does not crunch my hair nor made it look flaky as cheap sprays can do.
Both days set a tone for the week. Add to that the continuous low grade soreness in the muscles of my left forearm. I came home every night feeling the need for some kind of comfort, and, like a moron I chose food. Burgers, pizza, M&Ms, chocolate kisses, soda, soda, and more soda.
You know the score by now. Here's where I theatrically pull the technical details of the beers just mentioned from the Whitbread Gravity Book. You'll find Double Diamond, Ind Coope Bitter and Burton in the table below. Sadly, no Arctic Ale. Though I hope soon to have the opportunity to taste a recreation of this legendary beer.
There is a certain air of abandonment, as exemplified by the boarded-up Shoeburyness Hotel, but there is a new private housing development on the old M.O.D. site and the broad High Street suggests a busier and perhaps more elegant past. (See photos below.)
Either way, I'm quite comfortable with my British morphing. When we do go back to the USA I'm sure I'll return to my louder, brasher twang. And that's okay too.
Every rebirth is the same,
so i surrender my rights to myself, for i have no right to myself
In other news, neighbor helped me out of a pinch by making me a deal on some wheat for feed. He said that I had done favors for him and he would like to help me. That was very nice of him.
Bansky
You shutdown and start again.
Britain didn't make Abdulwahab do what is shown in the video below; Islam did. It doesn't matter how friendly he was, how many naive Swedish women he fooled around with, how many beers he drank as a teenager - he was still a Muslim, his culture and mindset were still profoundly alien to Sweden and the West and he acted as such when he thought it counted.
Today I am interviewing Robin Murphy, author of Sullivan’s Secret, a paranormal murder mystery just released this week. Robin has managed to publish her first book completely cost-free and is here to share how she did it, and her secret for success.
Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome with Atrial Septal Defect
OMG, the scene with the knives was a total throwback to the scary first season. I expected, of course, knives chopping up fingers. Instead, I channeled Tanya and hid my face while the woman boiled herself to death with the cool ornate teapot.
November 5th - the dated that Ryan and I were officially engaged. Also my sister in law's birthday.
What he wants to be when he grows up: Power Ranger Samuri
And when I was there, in the presence of my brothers and sisters in the Lord, a light bulb came on, “where have I been for so long, not to seek out this support group myself?”
While this product is suggested primarily for shots you will save to your SL inventory, you can also use it to save the image to your computer as well. You will just need to be able to “trim” the HUD image from the picture using basic computer photo editing software. (I own a Mac and just do it in Pages, snippy snap.) (See my Flickr for an example of a picture saved to my computer before trimming.)
I left a straight edge around the image this time, with an embossed border and paired this with some neutral paper, and a pass of much neglected lace. I decided on a sentiment right at the end and reached for these pre-punched tiny tags, which I keep in a stash all cut out in XpressIt Blending Card, this means I can colour them at any time to match what I am working on, in this case with two shades of Copic Purple, adding the "Wish" right at the end...
Obama: Why yes, I am listening to Dolly Parton on my Blackberry.
Sometimes as an aspiring writer I come across a book where I think - 'I wish I'd thought of that' - and The Blackhope Enigma is definitely one of those books. When three children are transported into a Renaissance painting the reader is thrown into a world full of possibilities, strange creatures and fantastical worlds.
I Believe in wondering broken roads in broken places, wiping the dust off the glass to peer inside the run down heart. I believe in actively seeking by hiding in the back pew of a mega church is just as important sometimes as standing at the pulpit.
At the start of the book, the formerly united kingdom of Westeros is divided into factions supporting four or five different kings. Who can keep track! The children of Ned Stark are equally divided: His oldest son, Robb, is leading an army as the King of the North; Sansa is locked away at King's Landing and still betrothed to the evil Joffery Lannister; Asha is posing as an orphan boy and on the run from the Lannisters; Jon Snow, the bastard son, is becoming an invaluable member of the Night Watch; and the crippled Bran and young Rickon are holding Winterfell.
I knew it was a mistake to go into a different bathroom. I should have waited. I should have.. I don't know. Held it. And now it was too late.
Have a lovely day!
I realized something very important over the next couple of days. I'd felt depressed, even suicidal, most of my life. My father died when I was seven, and to put it in the most ridiculously simple terms, that event seemed to set off the bio-chemical programming that came from his side of the family. I attempted suicide a couple of times as a teen. I sometimes thought things would be easier if I just died. I'd have moments when I would need to avoid a big knife because I wanted to turn it on myself, or a lake because I wanted to jump into it and never come out. This webpage geared for people considering suicide got it so right--I didn't actually want to die. What I wanted was the pain inside me to just stop, and I knew no other way to make that happen. I felt like I was a complete failure at life and, as I would morbidly joke later, the only objection would come when my mother had to clean up afterward.
REACH-IN VOLUNTEER PROGRAM RECRUITING REFUGEE VOLUNTEERS We are looking for: refugees with settled status in UK, asylum seekers with permission for work with good spoken & written English + IT skills who are interested in gaining experience in UK, committed to participate actively in the placement for its duration and are interested in housing. There is additional information on our webpage
Swiss Chard with Raisins
You’ll go through your daily routine with Jesus at your table, on your couch, at your elbow. Will he shake his head at your choice of TV shows or internet sites? Confront you about a lie? Wash out your mouth after some bad words?
Reported even, “if the alleged ‘victim’ was not offended or if the child does not understand what they were saying.” So a 3 year-old child repeating some word they may have heard from another child or on the TV and not knowing the true meaning of the word is labeled a racist! That is wrong and should not be allowed.
4 For Panama, Parts 1&2 7:42
And on that (slightly sour) note, thus ends my Tribeca Film Festival experience this year. Obviously, if I wasn't also juggling a day job in addition to checking out films screening at the festival this year, I might have seen more of what I really wanted to see (the one film I regret not being able to schedule: Ira Sachs's new film Keep the Lights On, which played to generally appreciative audience at the Sundance Film Festival a few months ago). But hey, since I'm not doing this film-criticism thing full time, I'll gladly take what I can get!
Sadly, I haven't been to West in years. But fortunately, last Thanksgiving, my uncle who lives in Austin made a stop and brought a big box of kolaches to my grandparents’ farm. He arrived the day before I did, so in order to insure that my kolache-mad family wouldn’t devour the whole lot, my grandmother hid one in the cupboard for me until I arrived from New York. My family teased me about this special treatment, but after one delicious bite into the pillow-like pastry that soon gave way to the sticky center of sweet prune puree, I was immediately fortified against their good-natured ribbing.
Whenever we say His name
You know you want to.
NF-JK, NF-UA, NF-UC
Vee knows this because she was there. Everyone believes Vee is narcoleptic, but she doesn’t actually fall asleep during these episodes: When she passes out, she slides into somebody else’s mind and experiences the world through that person’s eyes. She’s slid into her sister as she cheated on a math test, into a teacher sneaking a drink before class. She learned the worst about a supposed “friend” when she slid into her during a school dance. But nothing could have prepared Vee for what happens one October night when she slides into the mind of someone holding a bloody knife, standing over Sophie’s slashed body.
As their ship set sails, airborne with flowers for wings,
Mellow down with the tri state area easiness of Twin Atlas as they make “The Wheel” all blurry.
There's a significant difference between the menu photo and what eventually arrives when we order the Taiwanese specialtydeboned pork chop. The photo is a vision of golden crunch, but we end up with a rather greasy looking sodden pork chop that tastes much the same. It's heavy on the tongue and lingering in oily aftertaste.
I believe this is a form of geometric modulation performed via NEXRAD towers….. I believe it induces or accentuates unformed / currently forming storms.
In the tourism field, there is an aspect of this discipline called ‘Dark Tourism’. This refers to tourist activity that is undertaken for morbid and/or illegal reasons. And it has to be said that there can also be a dark side to operations management (OM). This relates to all those aspects of OM that we know might occur, but tend not to be talked about – such as the exploitation of child labour, unsafe work conditions, manufacture of dangerous goods, and (of course) workplace violence and harrassment. These dark OM practices do not not get discussed partly because operators do not want to admit they occur and researchers cannot easily research them. But every now again a story breaks in the news that exposes ‘dark OM’, such as the recent controversy about the French firm that a manufactured breast implant containing low grade silicon.
Enchanted, I feel the Joy in her Union
I love it too, but sadly, no ... I'm not going to buy that chair. I'm using it as inspiration.
Upon arrival at #5, Captain It tries to subtly learn if the edit job worked, by cozying up to Nikki a little more than usual. And sie learns then that Nikki’s been altered more than sie ever expected. Which is how sie inadvertantly set this plot into motion.
fiction monster that can turn anything into a Chia Pet. Neither good
Adonai is the Hebrew that is translated into English Lord God.
Why don't kids know when they really could do with an early night?! B has a cold and a cough, which woke him up about an hour too early this morning, up well before 6am and didn't go back to sleep. Man, it's seems like an age since i've done the 5.30am starts, I'm used to the clock at least reading 6 and not 5...
"The small brewers have broken into the market and it is growing."
“Stress Casserole,” I replied with a giggle. “I’ve been so frazzled that I couldn’t even tell you what I threw in this dish. Better start praying!”
I remember how we would let the days slip by us as though they would go on and on forever, about how life seemed like an endless road we could wander down, not looking back, not looking forward, just dancing our days away down that road.
But people are stubborn, with all rights to be,
So yesterday I hopefully showed not only my love but how to love.
Example: Kickoff.
bonus track "THE CASTRATION OF STRAWBERRY ROAN"
To colour my image, I used the colours of my papers for reference and was also very inspired by my friend Jane from Jane's Box Of Colours's colouring. Not long ago, she coloured mushrooms so beautifully (like everything else!) and in shades that I loved, so I had them in mind while colouring my image. I used mainly E13, 15, 17, 19, 27, 29, 40, 41, 43 (for the top) and YG91, 95, 97 (for the trousers and ground).
That's all I have for you right now. Have a great weekend. Unless you are Tim Tebow. If you are Tim Tebow, I hope you get broken in half tomorrow night. I am sick of seeing you on every TV, everywhere I go. I swear to god that guy was on The Price Is Right this morning. He's everywhere! (And he was not even close to winning the Showcase Showdown round, but somehow...he pulled it off! Won the whole damn thing.) C'mon Patriots, send this guy into the off-season before I smash a television set.
Woody
in a woman. I do think androgyny is a world movement. Whether people
could actually see for yourself. I'd make you laugh for sure!
Squirt has had three! days! of normal poop. Way too much information, I know, but there it is. And I am excited about it, more than any sane person should be. So cheer with me, y'all. If we reach seven days in a row, I just may have to invent a Normal Poop Dance to celebrate. And no, I do not yet know what said Normal Poop Dance should look like. I am taking suggestions.
Where can we find you outside of your shop?
Law enforcement sources tell us … Ross was NOT home at the time of the shooting and at this point in the investigation, he’s not considered a suspect.
There is no place for you here
Final Thought of the Day: A friend says I look thinner. Now THAT feels great.
Everyone seems to be obsessed with a show called "The Walking Dead" lately. My boyfriend loves it. I have yet to watch it, though. I guess I'll have to check it out on Netflix sometime!
DJ Static has produced tracks for the following:
He is calling the Korean embassy (do you know your embassy’s phone number in the middle of nowhere of nowhere of nowhere???!) The lady on the phone is awesome. She doesn’t give a poop about YG’s story. She’s got the guts to cut the call even after he explained everything. Figured, Dead fellow countrymen and riots on fishing boats are too much a trifle to care about for embassies..
I wish it were better. But it’s not. I’ve heard people claim to love REPO and others claim it’s the worst film ever but my reaction doesn’t match either of those extremes. Admittedly, it comes much closer to the latter position. THE GENETIC OPERA was a struggle to sit through and a struggle to listen to, and while there are individual moments that work, the film does not.
To get no honey;
EFT is a powerful technique that can have a life-altering impact on your life. These videos are worth watching! To learn more and to sign up, click on the information below.
That we still hope, but don’t believe, we ever will redeem.
On my artist date I took inspiration from this weeks task to choose five ideal lives. These were mine:
There are many couscous recipes out there and a some call for summer squash as the vegetables. I personally don't like to use vegetables that need to be cooked because it takes away from the speediness of the dish. All you need for this recipe is a kettle, a knife and a cutting board. The best water-pasta ration for me is 1:1; easy to remember and provides the best texture.
Can blogs be answer to prayers? I think so!
Thank you for letting me share with you, and go down "Memory Lane". Happy Crafting!
TOTAL 1,317
Bring sugar and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan over high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Chill syrup until cold, about 1 hour.
ND - Well, it’s not ok. It is allowed under our rules. It’s allowed under the English Premier League rules,. It’s allowed under English Football League Rules.
1 attempt
David Edgar's(1948) Maydays(1983) spans 1956 to 1973 and surveys the historical developments that have produced the social and political aspects of contemporary Britain.
The result of this initial visit forged a relationship between the Japanese government and Sir William Armstrong, who began supplying his trademark ‘Armstrong Gun’ almost immediately to the Japanese, as well as the ‘Armstrong Cannon’ and other armaments. Armstrong went on to supply Japan with many warships which were used in several conflicts, perhaps most famously in the battle of Tsushima (日本海海戦) in 1905, of the Russo-Japanese war, in which it was claimed that every Japanese gun used was manufactured in Elswick by Armstrong (Dougan, David, 1970, The Great Gun-Maker: The Story of Lord Armstrong. Sandhill Press Ltd).
During recent years I have maintained a habit of taking time out
But there's been a common question making the rounds since the deal was announced: What beers are we going to see at the grills and pub? Well here's your answer.
There were always enough seats for everyone to sit down, as you can see in the pictures. And people did actually sit down for the cortinas. So it was pretty straightforward.
The polls in Illinois show a tight race between Romney and Rick Santorum, with Gingrich polling at 12% and Ron Paul in single digits. As the primary is held Tuesday, with Romney hoping for the Urban and wealthier suburbs to push him over the edge, his continued use of negative advertising may actually give Santorum a boost in those areas – similar to what occurred in Mississippi where Romney was favored to win heavily in the Urban areas, while Santorum would take the more rural areas – that is not what occurred – Romney favored to win, fell to 3rd place.
Instructions: Make card from kraft cardstock, then round the bottom corners. Cut blue paper slightly smaller, round the bottom corners, sand the edges and adhere. Punch an upper crest border to striped paper and sand the edges. Cut a brown flower strip, sand the edges, and adhere the punched border to the bottom. Adhere the entire paper block to the card front. Cut a banner edge from striped paper, sand the edges and wrap twine around the middle of it. Adhere to the left side of the card. Cut around the top and two edges of a fabric vintage image, and adhere to the front. Tie a double bow from twine, adhere to the top of the vintage image and add a jewel to the center of it. Cut a banner edge to a striped paper strip, and sand the edges. Stamp the sentiment to it, then adhere tot he right side of the card. Thread a button with twine and adhere to the left side of the sentiment strip to finish.
The DT have definately been seeing black and white for this challenge here are their stunning makes to help inspire you....
3) No-malt beer (daisan biiru):
After the haircut (the aforementioned depilation), Moose was hungry and so took herself to lunch. She had tapas. And a glass of white wine. It was Friday. She had gone for a run. Tapas is the perfect way for Lifestyle Adjusters to dine well without having to declare PointsPlus bankruptcy. She had a shredded cod salad, because a friend whose judgment she trusts says that if cod is on the menu you should always order it. She was not disappointed.
If I may give my own definition/description of the doctrine it is this: Jesus Christ, the eternal Son of God, the eternal Word, humbled Himself to become Man and died as a sacrifice for the sins of all humanity. Because of this, God the Father raised Him from the dead and gave Him all authority, an authority which He did not previously have; this authority was given to Him as the God-Man.
Ways to get more followers:
Choosing the right travel nurse agency can be a huge decision. Your recruiter is basically your personal ambassador, representing your name and your work. So how do you know which one to choose? While it’s not always clear which is the best agency, there are many ways to spot the bad ones. Here are some tips.
“Hmmmm….have you been riding your motorcycle on a consistent basis?”
Its great for liquid and powder foundations and also cream blush, It blends out any edges and buffs in the product making it one with the skin, there really is no work involved with this.
once i gave darlene all the measurements she needed (room, furniture windows etc.) she was ON IT! i really appreciated the promptness and attention she gave me. thank you so much darlene!
“bird”, he whispers,
In my version I used -
So on the occasion of your 90th birthday, I wish you love.
"Can you scoot my pillow some?"
J. Pat O’Malley … Col. Hathi the Elephant
And I will be using the handwriting challenge as an excuse to write about all sorts of things related to handwriting from time to time during the six weeks, which might also be a reminder for you to get writing.
81. Fortune 500-Flavor Of The Year (Self-Released)
If you want,
As we got to the bottom of our lassis we discovered the remnants of ice floating amongst the yogurt. Instantly my heart sank - we had been so diligent about treating our water and had survived 34 days without getting sick and now two days before we were to fly home we had inadvertently consumed ice! Dave pointed out that is was too late - if we were going to get sick, we were going to get sick - so we finished the rest of our lassis and headed back to the hotel for the night.
Christianity is not about rules that we need to follow.
I’m also increasingly fascinated by Pinterest. I have some burgeoning ideas as to how to use that to promote my CITY WEDDING series. I’ll write more on that as it fleshes out.
~We are working on letting you go to sleep on our own.... you DON"T like it. You want us to hold and walk you every time!
With that, I finally conclude this message.
11/27/2009 ( in the online silhouette downloads shop )
NB The Guillotine is sharp. I wouldn't let young children use this.
(Presented at MWA’s Agents & Editors Party on Wednesday, April 25, 2012)
One from the soul, and other from his brain!
I Used/Recipe:
Ian and I wanted to post some information about the Samuel Adams Hallertau Imperial Pilsner. Yes, it's strange that I am mentioned Sam Adams here, but once we sampled this offering, we knew it was a home run. I have added our official review and information from Sam Adams. If you are interesting in reading additional reviews, please use the links below.
Grow in wisdom in order to prolong it
British forces will then offer a ‘supporting combat role’ in 2014, before withdrawing from all combat operations by December of that year – ensuring the Government will not go into the next General Election against the backdrop of continuing bad news from the front line.
-- President Harry Truman
The lightening flash frae pole to pole;
Direct booking: December 6, 2011
The winner this month is.........
I think you said you're calling to repair your dial up service. If this is correct, say "yes".
Until then here are some additional pictures from our class today including a picture of a challenge coin given to me from one of my students who works for the Austin Police Department and a Koosh ball given to me by another student. The significance of the Koosh ball is I had been looking for one to use as a training prop and couldn’t find one, and this person was so kind to go out of her to get me one.
Ach! Just realised. I left out part of his famous motto. Here’s the full version: The secret of success in show business is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you’ve got it made.
Make Sure Your Dress Stays Put: Stay Put double-sided fashion tape is surgical grade and is the perfect solution for slinky straps or a wandering neckline. Plus, it is pre-cut into convenient strips and fits perfectly in your purse for any emergency situations.
(Note : Once the Fish Balls and Foo Chok are floating,
My Husband--He makes me smile. (that's one of the reasons I married him)
According to Senior Counselor Karen Cornejo, the change is due to that “the world we live in now has young people that use computers.” With the increase in students capable of operating computers, the requirement for a class that teaches students to use computers is unnecessary.
Morning everyone little darlings have a brand new collection out today they are called spring is in the air and are super cute so we are having a blog hop to show them off ,you should have arrived here from sheri if not pop back to the start of the hop at little darlings challenge site .
3. Start A Band (Duet With Keith Urban)
but let's just say her reaction was "wow, that's a lot of blood."
Those interested should contact Myles Lennon, Director of Green Operations at--
Do you have any favorite sites or sources you get your coupons from? Have any questions for me? Leave a comment or send me an e-mail! Stay tuned for Step Two of this series!
I’m pretty sure I mentioned before that I wasn’t a zombie guy, it must have been on the Zombie-Viper post. The truth is I just didn’t realize I was a Zombie guy because in the past few years I’ve accumulated a decent collection of Zombie movies, comics and now toys. I used to see zombies as just those lame corpses shuffling along looking for brains to eat or backing up MJ for a killer dance number. I just didn’t find the concept interesting. Movies like 28 days later and the new Dawn of the Dead had begun to change my mind but not enough for me to care when I heard about this new zombie comic coming out from Image comics. I glanced at it and dismissed it, a black and white indie book-this won’t last long. But it did, it lasted for quite a while and I kept hearing good things. One day Strange Adventures had the first 4 trades (collections of 6 single issues) in a discount box for $10 a piece. I figured I would finally see what the hype was all about so I picked up the first one. I read it in one sitting and went back the next day to buy the other 3. In less than 24 hours I absorbed the first 24 issues of the series and I was hooked. I’ve been on board ever since and now have 15 of those collections. Whenever a new one is released it’s the first thing I read out of my stack and I power through it cover to cover which I rarely do with collected editions. The premise of the series is basically-what happens in those zombie movies after the credits roll. The heroes survived the initial outbreak but there’s still a world of zombies out there and life has to go on. The series focuses on the people but the zombies remain an ever looming background threat and you just never know when the shit is gonna hit the fan.
Here's the thing. I grew up in an overwhelmingly Italian-American world. My parents' friends were mostly Italian-American. A lot of people my father worked with were Italian-American. (I'm guessing that Mr. Continetti didn't have a similar experience.)
Plot: Two years ago Violet’s father left her mother for an actress. Since then, her mother has been dating a string of losers, each worse than the last. When things start to get serious with her new boyfriend, the unfortunately named Dudley Wiener, Violet knows that she has to do something. Spying, interrogation and pranks are no longer enough. She needs to find a man worthy of her mother and only one man fits the bill: George Clooney.
The book is structured around styles, and it ends with a list of beers that are good examples. I obviously want very good beers, but that can't be the sole criteria. The beers need to be relatively available to people who read the book, and at least some of the beers have to be available across the country. Finally, they should be regular, established beers that will still be in production when the book comes out. Except in the case of obscure styles, I'm trying to avoid brewpubs or very tiny breweries that don't distribute out of their home state. International examples are welcome and necessary, but they need to be imported to the US.
I want to pause here to ask, if you ever sense God prompting you to start thinking about going to the world to impact people for Christ, then please contact Pastor Daron (330) 264-9459 x 236. I'd love to discuss why you'd like to go, what a successful missions trip might look like, and brainstorm how to help you discern God's will for a missions trip. Tomorrow I will post their prayer requests, goals, and tentative work projects. Please keep checking back to view pictures and comments from the team while they are in the CAR.
I am looking forward to diving into that smothered sausage tonight – it is one of my all-time favorite Cajun meals. I know we will drive to Henderson for raw oysters and fried seafood platters at Pat’s restaurant on Valentines Day. We will boil some crawfish before the Superbowl, saving some for a celebratory crawfish ettouffe afterward, and I have got to hunt down some olive dressing for muffalettas and a King cake for Mardi Gras.
Incarceration rates are falling, but Adam Gopnik's piece in the latest New Yorker reminds us that the U.S. currently has more people incarcerated than at any point in history, and ponders the effects of such incarceration rates on the broader society.
Mix all in food processor. I love this on chips or crackers...but healthier choices would be to use vegs.
You read that right. Reporters had to pay to get in and cover her blatherings, such as how her unwed teen mother Bristol had "made the choice" to have her kid. Imagine the howling we would've heard if Bill Clinton or John Edwards barred reporters from covering their speeches unless they donated to Planned Parenthood.
First of all I want to discuss the difference between an allergy and intolerance. Asthma and allergy specialist Dr. James T C Li says that a true food allergy causes an immune system reaction that affects numerous organs in the body. In contrast, food intolerance symptoms are generally less serious and are limited to digestive problems. Food intolerance symptoms generally come on gradually and don't involve an immune system reaction.
Lustig: "Obesity, Type 2 diabetes, hypertension and heart disease itself."
My friend and co-worker Molly and I were talking today and she told me that Cheryl Sandberg – Facebook’s COO – openly announced last week that she leaves the office at 5pm everyday. This is a refreshing, novel, and brave concept for a female leader to admit, especially to say that she uses the rest of her time to spend with her family.
I heart Gaea - don't you? Her bundles are so amazing and this one just really tickles my fancy. Did you know that she hand-picks her bundles and no two are the same?
“We are such fools.Adam and eve must be crazy to sow the seeds of human race”, He smiled. “Were they” whites” ? ” How come then we have so many colored people?” ” Something went wrong”?
Well, we're here again. He's not talking to me and we're in the stage of what I'm calling my own personal "purgatory". Limbo.
As they all boarded the ship for its maiden voyage, none of those 2,224 people expected it to go down. Why, it was unsinkable! The ship’s makers “guaranteed” it!
My brothers and I each had an Indian Blanket growing up. I'm not sure where the name originated
I have lately felt so much better.
Still, all this effort seems futile. In grade school, my brothers and I, who all have the same white mother and black father, were marked as different races in the school's information system. My brothers were labeled black, but I was labeled white. While it’s true both my brothers have darker skin than me and appear to white eyes as African American, the three of us were glanced at through these same white eyes and labeled differently. It happened in an instant, with one click of a mouse; it happened without a thought. Only my mother's outrage changed what the school considered me. With their permission, after my mother stated her case, I was allowed to be black.
Chocolate Chip Cookies (makes about 30 cookies)
Cylinder: V = Bh, B = area of base
Heat butter in a large skillet. Add onions and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, or until they start to turn translucent. Add ham and cook for 3 to 4 minutes until thoroughly heated. Remove from heat and set aside.
The other day I was out and about paying some bills and taking care of business. And it seems like the more I try to be careful with my money, some new and unexpected expense comes crashing down on my head. I know as I write this that I am preaching to the choir because in this day an age, most of you are nodding your heads and saying, “been there….done that”! And the fact that there are so many of us affected in exactly the same way should actually provide each of us with some small measure of comfort. Because the economies of so many countries are in the proverbial toilet these days, we are just as likely to find people in Europe and Asia and the Mediterranean nations just as flummoxed by circumstances that seem to be beyond our control as are we all who live in the good ole’ USA!
For those that stay in it, an adapt/conform or die approach becomes the daily attack. The dread of daily service, building into nausea around five o'clock...this sends a message to your entire being. Trying to dial yourself in forces you to think in ways you never did before. You make choices every day, usually the wrong ones. And at a certain point you develop a routine that starts to work. These changes start to manifest themselves in your personal life too. After you've slugged your way through your first successful Saturday night, how could you ever look at something as simple as a single minute the same way?
Joel Burns, a City Councilman in Ft. Worth, Texas, takes a brave stand against bullying at a recent meeting. He shares his feelings about what happened to him in his youth and takes an unprecedented personal moment to tell his story to the public. It is worth sharing for a lesson in empathy.
Please step back away from your ordinances and your red tape and your career municipal officials and just look at this issue and how ridiculous it is.
We look forward to them joining in future challenges.
Of course I couldn't try everything but that's just an excuse to go back. AGAIN AND AGAIN.
If you are interested in going to the demonstration on the 26th of March but are still unsure about things come up and have a chat, we will put your mind at rest and hopefully encourage you to bring family and friends too.
Our loving Savior and Lord -Hess
Anyway, it's nice to finally have some new stamps to work with, I was getting sick of using the same ones all the time.
The next thing I remember is waking up around 4 am because of an uncomfortable contraction. I tossed and turned for while, finally I nudged my sleeping hubby and said "Marc- I think this might be it" (still determined to not get my hopes up) I told him I was going to wait a bit to contact my midwife and went back to sleep. About 30 minutes later I got up and went to the bathroom and quickly realized that I was losing my mucus plug. I looked over at Marc in bed and said "this is it..."
Now follow the Bunny back to the Challenge Blog to end your search and enter your card!
The first thing to note about this book is that it is waaaaaay out of date. It was written in 1996, so it was already ten years old when I bought it, and the information hasn't gotten any fresher. This was written before the housing bubble even got very bubbly, and definitely before it popped. Interest rate estimates are way out of whack compared to the super low rates we've seen lately. And most of all, there is hardly any information about house buying / mortgage investigating / real estate searching on the internet. None of the resources in the appendix list web addresses, online mortgage applications and banking are seen as "iffy," and there are awkwardly phrased sections that try to give some advice if you are "Wired" but end up falling flat. Obviously Glink couldn't predict the future, but the lack of internet information really dates this book, and makes it call out for an updated edition.
But one thing troubles me. There is no question that Mr. Soros is very wealthy. According to Forbes (Sept. 10) he is the 14th richest American with a fortune of $14.2 billion. But even with that kind of money, it is difficult to understand how he can afford to give hundreds of millions of dollars to political causes without significantly decreasing his own wealth.
Here is some biological information brought to you by the University of Maryland.
What happens in us when we push away one of the poles? Split off like this from our conscious mind, it constellates energy in our individual or collective unconscious and becomes a neurosis. If it gathers enough energy to itself it can be a force for huge harm, acted out in the world.
Step 2 - Decide where your light source is coming from by overlaying a piece of acetate that you've drawn some 'sun rays' on. For more on Light Source, see THIS POST.
In any case, it’s not my intention to take anything away from the story; I marvel at the seeming potency of this particular serial. Several of my Who-devoted friends would agree that it’s the tops, and while I can’t say that I do, neither can I offer up any reason why “The Caves of Androzani” shouldn’t be someone’s – or even everyone’s - favorite Doctor Who story. The case could even be made (and probably has been) that “Androzani” is the last truly great story of the classic series – laying waste to the entirety of the Colin Baker and Sylvester McCoy eras in one fell swoop - and it might be a case easily won. It really is that good. “Androzani” even managed to get a shout-out from Steven
PLEASE BE NEAT AND WIPE THE SEAT
Two Is Better Than One by Boys Like Girls
The irises and lemon-lilies are easy enough to spot in the accompanying photo. If you look closely, you can also see a couple little spots of blue not far beyond and to the left of the terra-cotta toad house. Those are the four-o'clocks. At the far end of the bed is a large grindstone from my maternal grandparents place, plus, you can see one of the pair of iron cart wheels that used to lay in the attic of their wash house/cellar house. An axle and the other wheel are attached, but you can't see them. At the very top left of the photo, you can see one end of the new house built disgustingly close to mine (300') across the road. Shame I ain't rich, or I'd have bought that place just to keep from having more neighbors.
Enjoys working out ...Compulsive liar and in denial
I am moonlight and stardust, wind and water but ancient spirit I remain.
“Can you feel?” I ask. “Can you smell?”
"I don't know what to do, MY WHOLE BRAIN IS CRYING."
The US-based think tank polled 1,000 adults throughout Egypt between March 24 and April 7, finding that only 36 percent would maintain peace. The percentage of Egyptians who support annulling the treaty (54%) does not vary amongst those who sympathize with Islamic fundamentalists and those who do not. However, those with lower incomes are less likely to support the peace with Israel than those with higher incomes.
I’m really glad that I purchased this cover, because the iPad definitely needs something to cover its back. Also, this case was a bargain. $7.00 plus $2.98 in shipping was much cheaper than the $30 cases I’ve seen from big companies. And I think that this cover does the job even better than some of those might. It’s definitely a great case, but make sure you purchase it from Cimo Technologies, because Amazon customers were reporting broken and scratched cases, as well as cases that didn’t fit if bought from other sellers.
These types of moments fill me wonder and awe at the beauty of our world. They also remind me how small I am, how small the concerns and worries that I carry in my daily living are and how much, for even a brief moment, I want to be part of the beautiful symphony playing itself out before me. It turns out – I can be – and you can be too. These moments are a gift from the Creator to remind us of who we are and to invite us to be co-creators by joining in.
I’ve postponed posting about this because when things are at their worst it’s sometimes hard for me to blog or even to socialize in person. In a strange way I feel like I’m letting people down by being so negative, so defeatist. But perhaps that’s not being fair to both myself and those who care about me, which is why I’m throwing this out there.
Have a fabulous week fellow artists. I hope to be here more often now that I`m feeling creative again.
I have a pair of white bucks, which I wrote about in One Size Too Small. I have always gotten a very strong reaction when wearing them in the city. Apart from being a style whose time is long gone and unfamiliar to many, white suede is perhaps the ultimate act of defiance in the selection of shoe color and material to be worn in New York. Wearing white also sends a message that a person is willing and able to go the extra mile in maintaining such a color choice in the city. In White By Design, I said:
Here are the two I made:
A gray suv arrived and parked next to thai’s car, i tried to have a good look at the driver but it was dark in the area. The guy got out of his vehicle while Angelo was walking towards him, to get inside thai’s car. When suddenly, Angelo lost his control, unable to filter his words and just blurted out some words that even i didn’t understand, but more of…omfg another hottie on the loose!!!
Hubby is bigger than that. He is more than that. He possesses more of me than that.
This was a little bit of an experiment to see if I could get a nicer shot over the back of York University without the glare from the sun that had just decided to come out from behind the clouds that had been giving a nice pattern to the sky as well as doing a good job of blocking out the glare from the morning sunrise.
Now, it ocurred to me to try something sweet and useful at the time; it's been a while since I wanted to color up these sweet teenage (!) fairies from Mo Manning and here they are eventually. I just adore them- aren't they sooo beautiful!!! They are called Mia and Pia and can be found here and here in the store:). I wasn't sure which one I loved more so I used them both:)
house in perfect order. You might even amplify the
This can’t all be blamed on Formula One. I don’t agree with the argument of F1 bosses that the sport can be kept entirely separate from politics. But that’s partly because the Bahraini government has politicised the race, trying to use it as part of a propaganda effort to show that the country is unified and moving forward. They have used the slogan ‘unif1ed’ and one pro-government newspaper is using the slogan ‘Bahrain back on track’ (punning on ‘racetrack’). This was almost an invitation to protestors to challenge that narrative.
dark bone brother now in charge,
I know a lot of people like to go out on Friday night, but I’d rather go out Saturday night and spend Friday night in my fake pants on my couch.
You're on the road
It was amazing that Leonie made it out of her pot and into the ground with only a tiny bid of damage. This short bit of cane was all that was lost. I had to take a picture of it though to show you how healthy she is and how pretty her foliage is. Her flowers are gorgeous, but these buds will never be flowers. So sad.
for more of Nevilles work go to the web site
Adam's race was first and he was so into it! Paul ran with him and he did great. Adam ran good, too! (ha! silly me...) Adam did so good - running the whole way, clutching his new bouncy ball in his hand and smiling and waving at us as he passed. He was really proud of his medal when he finished and I was so proud of him for running the entire 1/4 mile race!
So what am I giving up? Meat. It seems like most people give up sweets for Lent. I could give up candy easily for 40 days. I like candy but it wouldn't really hurt me to give it up. Meat on the other hand... I LOVE meat. I need it.
The usual elements of worship—music, prayer, Scripture, offering, prophecy, fellowship—are all good. But without God in our midst, there is no worship.
Basal body temperature: 36.2 C.
He’s talking about being open, blunt, and straightforward and genuinely sincere. He’s writing about being so honest that it hurts.
Q: How many UST students does it take to change a light bulb?
Here’s the trick though, changing something doesn’t often time mean changing something EXTERNALLY. It often times means there needs to be an internal shift, your thoughts, your attitude, or possibly your beliefs need shifting.
Germany’s brutality and culpability are presented unflinchingly: Jews didn’t “die” in the concentration camps. They weren’t “killed” or “exterminated.” Plaques read bluntly: “Murdered by poison gas.” No euphemizing in that.
Travel along the Old Trace hit it’s peak around 1810 when as the US was growing west, men would travel down the Mississippi River in the late 18th & early 19th centuries and would sell their wares, and took what money they could get for the lumber in their boats. The river’s swift waters made traveling upriver nearly impossible so the men would walk back home northward on the Trace. They would stay at the Inns along the way. Archeologists believe that 12 to 16 slave cabins once stood on the property, with four to five people occupying each dwelling. On the west side of the property, a cemetery holds the remains of 43 enslaved workers. A single headstone marks the area. We weren’t able to meet him, but apparently one of the Interpretive Rangers is a member of the family who built and lived here for so many years. Talk about having a connection to where you work! It’s amazing the contrast when you compare the above with what the family cemetery looks like. We’ve come so far away from the days of slavery that, I admit, I sometimes forget how different they were treated. Visiting the Natchez area really reminded me though.
6. My passion? Animal welfare / bioethics, and cruelty-free beauty.
Oh my life just exploded. Yup. a freaking bomb went off dead smack in the middle of my life and a bright light appeared. All gone. Well it shouldnt come to any surprise i mean, look at it this way. We like each other, were both taken (well i think i still am..ill explain later) I live 4 hours away, and both of us kinda have crappy cars to get us to each others town. Oh the complications. Ok, ok i know what your thinking. If it was meant to be I would figure out a way to make it work, right?
But perhaps the greatest stumbling block in the path to four gold medals is the event that Bolt now wants to add – the 4x4. Entering the final in Daegu with perhaps the weakest squad the U.S. has ever put on the track for a Major championship, the team still emerged victorious by a half second – extending a winning streak in the event to fifteen straight Major wins going back twenty years – the most dominant record in any event over the last two decades! During the same time frame the closest Jamaica has come to the top of the podium was a silver behind the U.S. in ’95 (2:57.32 to 2:59.88), with nine bronze medal finishes in ’91, ‘96’, ’97, ’99, ’00, ’01, ’03, ’05, & ’11. With the clearance of LaShawn Merritt for London, the impending return to form of Jeremy Wariner, and the usual emergence of new 400 talent, I would expect the U.S. squad in London to be much stronger than the team that returned home with gold this year – making for a very tough row to hoe for any other team looking to take the top of the London victory stand – and making for a very rough path for four gold medals for any sprinter in London.
2) A closet, relatively normal looking, inside the Starbucks. There’s a small faucet and basin in the wall in the lower third of the closet with a hose attached to it. The closet is used to hold cleaning supplies, safety vests for baggers to wear when getting the carts, and raincoats and parkas emblazoned with the store name and logo.
First, lets talk about what I wanted. I wanted number three. Like really really wanted. I loved the natural feeling. I loved the color {especially with our floors}. I loved that it fit. I didn't love the $35 price tag which would make the total cost of filling the cubbies, $350!!! No thank you. So, I looked at number one as an alternative. Coming in at $13 per basket, I would still be able to fill the cubbies and get that natural texture and feeling I was going for. But again, $130 total and I wasn't quite sure that woven baskets would be the best option for a play space. I love the look and natural feeling, but I just wasn't convinced that for $130 they would stand the test of playroom time. Next option was also IKEA, number two. They are made for the Expedit, so I know they hold boatloads of toys. In fact, in our past playroom, we had some of these. But, they were large, clunky, heavy and ultimately cracked and chipped quite easily. Total for number two would be an even $100. I almost pulled the trigger on number four. We have some of these in Expedits in the boy's shared closet and LOVE them. Canvas, durable, fit the Expedit perfectly.... I was sold. I even almost paid the $100 price tag for ten of these babies. But, they were completely sold out {and still are}. Boo. Leaving us with number five. I have used this type of basket around the house a few times, and we really really love them. I love the texture and the durability. They are really super fantastic baskets. I had been eying them up for awhile, but at $12 per basket, I was having a hard time taking the $120 plunge. But then last week I spied a pretty little clearance sticker on the bottom of those bad boys. $6 for the giant size that I needed? Heck YES! My Target store only had two in stock. So this crazy lady may have driven to multiple Target stores to snag all ten clearance baskets....
And I've continued ever since to make up for my pet-free childhood. There have been a great number of cats—one, a purebred Himalayan, brought back from England. I was living in Chester at the time with my then-husband, and we'd found the kitten in a newspaper advert. Her breeders lived in a farmhouse near the Cheshire market town of Nantwich. Here reality bleeds into fiction again—that farmhouse, and that town, made such an impression on me that a decade later they became the models for Duncan Kincaid's parents' home.
Okay. I just asked Henna for a question. Do you listen to music?
Although it would be hard to find all the items she needed for her desired look, Cheri was never the type to give up. She began searching the obituaries, in the hopes for finding estate sales. Cheri loved the imitation oriental lanterns and feathered boas available online, but she wanted the real thing. One Sunday morning while browsing in a flea market just outside of Poverty, Cheri met an elderly man by the name of Arthur Phillips. He had to be a hundred years old, at least he looked like he was. She sat with him for a while as they talked. She was intrigued with the stories he told her about living in a time when things seemed easier, but actually weren’t.
This crazy cute fella is from Tweets & Twitters. Check out all the KKS design team inspiration today! Links are on the Kraftin' Kimmie Stamps blog.
But the weather was so warm and the pools were heated in our beautiful hotel and we got to meet just about every single character there was to meet and fill up our autograph book and that. Was. Awesome!
Star make up: check
The scent of Lys Mediterranee by Frederic Malle is the fragrance that my birthday girl loves.
Dustin Johnston: The 5-time PGA Tour winner and 12th-ranked player in the world will miss the Masters because of a back injury:
that ancient soul that no one yet has found.
Whose spirit will rest upon Him.
Our heritage beer, Blue Heron, was first brewed in 1987 as a special release for the Audubon Society, and named after Portland’s official city bird. The taste reflects its Northwest roots, drawing on indigenous ingredients from the hop fields of the Willamette Valley and the barley fields of the high Northwest desert.
I cut the sausage and cheese into bite size pieces and bagged together with a toothpick. The block of cheese was cheaper than the already cubed kind and made more.
And they’re emotionally soft too. Call a young person a worthless ninnyhammer and he’ll whinge, cry and fold up like a house of cards just to prove you right. Criticism’s considered some form of abuse instead of what it’s supposed to be – a practical assessment of your obvious limitations and some damned motivation to prove me wrong.
It is a common claim that conservatism, as we now know it in the English-speaking world, originated with the Anglo/Irish parliamentarian Edmund Burke (of whom more anon) at the time of the French revolution. What Burke (1790) himself said is the opposite of that, however. He saw what he was defending as stretching far back into English history -- and an updated version of that type of thinking is presented here.
The Associated Press does not name victims of sexual assault.
Script Editor: Gary Russell
OK, lesson over; let's cut back to the seaside town. Tides make a huge difference to what goes on here. For example, on a low tide, I can take the dog for a beautiful long beach walk. On a high tide, she will scamper onto the tiny scrap of sand that is visible and whimper with fear as the waves brush her legs. (So much for her pirate dog status!)
Finally here are a couple of those "someday" projects that I can cross of my list!
How do you deal with wants that you know you shouldn't give into?
As I write this post, I feel a bit torn about how I should actually title it. I could say it was the first anniversary of the earthquake. I could say it was the first anniversary of the tsunami. I could say it was the first anniversary of the nuclear reactor meltdowns. I could be more specific with area in the title and say Tohoku region, Miyagi Prefecture, or Ishinomaki, where physical devastation and loss of life was the worst. But to choose any single one of these words seems far too limited in scope to describe the magnitude of the event, the gravity of a triple-wave disaster that tested not only one part of Nippon but the collective mind and spirit of the nation.
Defying moral rules—
How can we get a grip on our stress, when life is heavy and hard to take?
Also, when I hear the word “Xanadu,” I hear lines penned by poet Samuel Coleridge who lived in Devonshire England from 1772-1834, one of the “seminal” minds of what has been called the Romantic Period of literature. I had a brief introduction to him when I took this course as an undergraduate at Brigham Young University.
So despite my cynicism and critical eye turned towards tonights private view party I say to all those who I left there chatting away with their cocktails to find your voice and care not a bit whether it is individual enough - find it and use it to shout, sing, protest, debate, praise and laugh. And may it be heard by all.
However, a distinction must be made between two variants of the marketing herb:
"From the Scottish Highlands, Major and Mrs Champions...and their son Wee Arthur"
There are Muslims on Facebook posting pictures of slaughtered Christians, openly calling for the extinction of Christians, posting pictures of burning Bibles and Crosses, and pictures of burning American flags and flags of other western nations. Facebook allows this but wont allow a depiction of a Cross?
so I love you because I know no other way than this"
What are you going to have yours on? I asked Suze. On a spoon! she replied without hesitation. She's right. A spoon is all you need.
This, in Peru, dear readers, is what they consider to be salsa. It’s not extremely useful when you have a pile of chips you want to dip and it’s not all that helpful when you want to add a zing of peppery tomatoes to your empanadas.
Please take a few minutes and visit their blogs and say "Hi", just click on their name and blog below...
I first saw these photos a few weeks ago. The marketing campaigns for kid's clothing and accessories are getting pretty brilliant (is the little girl in the center a future street style star or what?) Kids' accessories aren't just cute anymore, but chic and really help create a "mini-me" effect. Very French Gangster is a line of eyewear for kids 3-10 years old and they make some really cool frames. My horrible plastic glasses from the 80s would make for very good props for an 80s movie, but very bad pictures (hence why I always took them off during picture time!) I'm not sure if these are cheap, but they sure are chic and it is nice to have options!
entangling emotions ~ blurring fact.
I did some classroom slices.
The pages here are (clockwise from top left): In a tangle (zentangle), My love of art, Take flight, and She loves to dress up.
TruNews‘ Wiles asked Hagmann: who does the DHS expect to fight, in particular? Another North versus South, the Yankees against the Confederates? Hagmann stated the situation is far worse than a struggle between any two factions within the U.S.; it’s an anticipated nationwide emergency event centered on the nation’s currency.
In 1980, Ronald Reagan wrapped the misery index around Jimmy Carter’s neck (that and his diffident handling of the Iranian hostage crisis). Still, Carter led in the polls most of the way. But in the autumn, when voters really started to concentrate on Carter’s feeble record, and decided that Reagan was no wild-eyed radical, the dam broke and Carter was swept from office.
What is the definition of cool?
And then of course, we get to the complexity of the digital world. If I take a digital photograph created by someone and change its format to create a new image of my own, is it the same item still? As a digital image specifically, it can be uniquely defined very accurately as a specific stream of bits. If I change a few, is it still the same? If I take a colour image and make it black and white, is it the same?
The flight was delayed so I arrived at the island almost noon. There I was, my backpack in one hand, my heart in another. This is it, I told myself.
4. In 1998 a World Health Organisation study found what link between parents smoking & the risk of their children later developing lung cancer?
For this week over at My Paper Craft World...the Cooking With Cricut challenge was to make a project for Teacher Appreciation Day. For my project I made a shape card. Now this card is 4 1/2", it cut huge. I didn't want to waste paper so I just stayed with that size. This could be used for the whole class to sign, not everyone gives gifts or cards to their teacher, so maybe a card for everyone to sign would be a great idea.
Helping to make breakfast/brunch just the way you like it.
3. I am not going away, so get used to it. You don’t even know me really so who are you to judge what is “good” for her.
I have 4 amazing children who make me smile everyday and a job/hobby that has gotten me through some tough times! I hope your year has been a good one and that the next is a winner for all of us!
Hope you're pleased
changes with each Bash event and is not publicized whatsoever. These are currency and therefore will have several unique distinguishable marks making them impossible to counterfeit and awesome to behold!
I loved this cake so much that I kinda just stood in the woman's kitchen, after dropping it off to her, staring sadly at the cake! I'm so wierd but I hate the thought of a sharp knife ruining in 2 seconds what took me hours to create. Especially the cute, little, innocent monkey!!!
- the idea of going for a brisk walk feels insane;
Call me a hippie but I'm adamantly against negativity (sounds like double negative). Yet Andrew outlines a few key goals they wanted to achieve based on what they didn't want to do, and really what they didn't like.
So, don't forget Thursday!!!!
About Company:
for men who would murder a white buffalo.
My point is that, well, women are finally getting some twisted version of equality that we’ve been crying about since Susan B. Anthony’s days. Well, I disagree. This is not equality. What equality is this that women can rape men and somehow say that its because we want a baby to hold and love. Where we can kick the teeth out of a man and shrug and say “man, the nigga’s a broke drunkard.” (I don’t even know why I’m complaining and this is probably the best deal women have gotten since multiple orgasms.)
The move is intended to boost the students’ performance by giving them more exposure to their peers — while keeping them closer to home by requiring for the first time that all schools accept them.
This guy should have had a pulpit slammed right in front of him the second he got to his feet because this man was nothing less than a fire and brimstone preacher of the Truth. First thing I said to myself when he became a shining city on a hill was “Yeah…this guys packing heat.” I almost thought we were going to pass a collection plate around as Heath book, chapter and versed the old guard with a healthy portion of the gospel of liberty by breaking down that their point of us not knowing what we were doing was moot because ole Kevin over there appears to be doing this thing by the book…with a smile…a calm, cool, collected serial killer smile. This neo-John the Baptist erupts with righteous indignation towards the chairmen letting him know that it has not gone unnoticed that his “seasoned wisdom” that only wants to show us the way has only reacted to Kevin and his ilk with nothing but spurious venom since this whole thing began which not only was uncalled for but evidence that the ones having trouble understanding the rules and the point of this whole process was in fact the high pants club. All I’ve got to say about Heath after his echo of the original Baptist gangsters that made up a large chunk of the first revolutionary black robe brigade that gave us the first amendment is to steer clear of young, curvaceous ladies hauling chargers around.
Statistics South Africa (1999). October Household Survey
Holloway attempted to assure other contractors that the data provided to the school system is also helpful in managing the drivers and routes for the contractor. He explained that they can view stops, bus speeds, and maps of their routes in an instant, and explained the school system only wishes to assure the safety of the children with the installation of these devices.
A very European place…
This is considered a level of disappointment because these fans that were “happy” at the potential of McCool’s return were also the same fans who politely shat on McCool and her abilities prior to her departure from the WWE.
First up the winners of the prizes on each of the DT's blogs which I will list in the order of the hop...........
Maybe next summer Oh to feel his kiss
About Rachel Ashwell: Rachel Ashwell, was born Rachel Greenfield on October 30, 1959, in Cambridge, England and raised in London. Rachel is an author and interior designer who created the Shabby Chic style, opening her first store in 1989 in Santa Monica, California. Her mother restored antique dolls and teddy bears, and her father was a secondhand rare books dealer. While in her teens, Rachel began selling antiques at London outdoor markets, later pursuing a career as in England as a wardrobe and prop stylist for TV commercials and photo shoots. She currently resides in Los Angeles, California.
There was blood spilled here
It's all referee's fault, says referee
He dropped his voice "It's about Lara. You know I said about those tests. Well she's ok, and I'm so relieved." he paused and just stopped tears coming. "But. And god I know this is going to sound weird, but - she's a man."
3rd of December 2011
“The explicitly stated purpose of these loan agreements was to finance the sale and distribution of marijuana,” McVey wrote in his judgment of dismissal. “This was in clear violation of the laws of the United States. As such, this contract is void and unenforceable.”
3 boneless chicken breasts cut into one-half to one inch pieces
An Army Wife
Alysha Gale's cousin Charlotte is a Wild Power, who allies herself with a family of Selkies in a fight against offshore oil drilling. The oil company has hired another of the Gale family's Wild Powers, the fearsome Auntie Catherine, to steal the Selkies' sealskins. To defeat her, Charlotte will have to
Minimal rainfall
“Mmmm…nice touch!” Charles commented. But secretly he was beginning to wish he had never asked to draw her. “Look at her! All ready for a good sex session and now I have to spend God knows how long drawing her instead! Mind you, she wouldn’t be dressed up like this if I hadn’t asked to draw her in the first place…” All these thoughts were going through his head as he sat there staring, pencil in hand, ready to begin. Then his imagination began to go wild as he pictured himself taking her from behind, massaging her smooth, supple ass as he drove his big cock in and out of her wet vagina with the thongs still on, pulling them to one side…
I wish I kept a journal since the day I started being “creative” with words, since I started learning about the beauty of emotions, since the day I knew how to write. It would’ve been meditative to read about past thoughts at present. Thoughts of the past reminding us how we’ve become what we are, and why, for that matter.
When you go to a running store to buy your first running shoes they will put you on a treadmill and check your gait for Pronation.
Commander, U.S. Pacific Command (‘02-‘05)
As you’ve probably seen reported elsewhere, there was, incredibly, talk of a Torchwood musical, with the blokes from Abba involved! But there are plenty more interesting facts revealed in the book. Here’s 20 things we gleaned from the new edition:
We have now looked at my favorite Chinoiserie entryway, dining room, kitchen, powder room, work space, laundry room, dressing room, bathroom, and bedroom. All that is left is the living room and we will be ready for a wrap-up post combining them all.
Someone posted on a bulletin board for academics how to balance a great job and a yuck location. Here is what I wrote back:
So as the FIA tests the cars weight sat down on the splitter, it actually aids the splitters ability to beat the test. If the test were to apply the load to the splitter, when the car is supported on its own wheels and not its floor, then the car would surely fail the test.
And that’s it. Readers? Suggestions?
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do," he once told Stanford grads. "If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. And, like any great relationship, it just gets better and better as the years roll on."
Lots of Love Always your Angelface x x
3 fire
But why do that when you can blame someone else?
Now, I know that many of you have already grabbed the new cutie pie from Tiddly Inks. Her name is Wryn, and she is to die for! I finally got to play a little this weekend, and here's one of my cards with her:
The first wrestler I met was former Big Daddy V. Back in the WWE, he was best known as Big Daddy V, Viscera, and Mabel. He seemed absolutely huge than on TV, of course everyone may think it’s obvious. So the first and only question I asked him was, “Out of all the characters your portrayed in the WWE, which one did you like working as the most?” So than he replies, “Do you mean for fun or for money?” Okay, here is where I’ve should have been more specific. So than I said, “For fun.” He replied “The Love machine character”, to be honest with you, that was one of my favorite gimmicks when Viscera was part of WWE. Other than that, I’m happy that I finally met him in person and I absolutely agree with what every single person thought of him. I respect every single fan for that opinion, I really do.
Would I open with the blood bath
You can barely move in the summer months nowadays for the sheer volume of music festival coverage on TV - some good, some bad, but most indifferent. But the televisual festival landscape was a very different place back in the mid-80s, oh yes. Unless there was a special one-off event such as Live Aid in 1985 or, umm, that Free Nelson Mandela thingy a few years later, you'd be left with the BBC's annual (highlights-only) coverage of the Montreux Pop Festival from Switzerland in May.The line-ups were generally frighteningly mainstream but as I was going through my prime mainstream pop years at the time, that was perfectly fine with me.
himself.
I'd forgotten how much work puppies are.
I also really like that with the addition of the kale, this soup now become more of a “stewoup,” and is also a one-pot meal. If I want to make a salad on the side I can, but since the veggies are right in the soup, I don’t need to if I’m not in the mood.
Nice. Shiny.
A few post ago I did one on map comparisons featuring Hugo's Healing Potions. Well, meet the lovely face of Hugo. In the second issue you will get a fully developed specialty healing shop you can plop into any fantasy type campaigns. Includes the map, personalities involved, shop description and adventure hooks. And probably my favorite feature of it is my Random Customer table. So when the players walk into the shop, it has a life going on.
37Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us.
Occasional runny nose and sneezing which lasts 24 hours and is not a cold or hayfever.
Another profound impact on my development happened in elementary school, when I was first introduced to the honor rule. I can clearly remember the chill that went down my spine when my adolescent mind grasped the significance of being on my own and responsible for myself. It was both scary and exhilarating at once and, in my own childish way, I knew that this was one of the most important lessons I would ever learn. It meant that I had to think for myself and take responsibility for my own actions. I had to take charge of my own mind so that I could be sure to do the right thing.
I agree with Antoine de Saint-Exupery when he said "True Happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the ZEST of CREATING things new."
Meeting women that you would actually want to date and, maybe eventually, bring home to meet mom and dad, isn’t as hard as it sounds. There is, of course, the singles scene out in the bars and clubs all over town but I don’t recommend that one. It’s not that just bad girls go to bars; it’s that it is hard to tell the good ones from the bad one.
who wondrous things has done,
Match 6) CM Punk def. Chris Jericho in a Chicago Street Fight to Retain the WWE Championship
Could it be worse?
Yes, I call myself “The Souper” because I do have a passion for homemade soups, in cold weather. But when the dog days of summer are here, my food interests turn to less cooking on the stove and more toward fast, cool meals. My smoothie recipe makes an excellent breakfast or late afternoon snack. This recipe is filled with good nutrition. Ingredients in this smoothie include fruits and proteins packed with vitamins and antioxidants.
She’s been out to prove the doctors wrong
04-Phantoms-Shazam.mp3
In Saudi Arabia, which supported, or rather: helped to hijack, the anti-Gadaffi movement, the regime’s religious police considers women driving cars an “insult to Islam”. Will something similar happen in Libya now?
Girl Scout 1: big eyes fill with tears, low lip quivers But...but...
Finally at 1:30 pm Dawn proclaimed 5 cm dilation…I could almost hear the Hallelujah Chorus ring out from the rafters. She gave Ty the go ahead to call the hospital and inform them that we were on the way. You know how they say these things never go as planned? As luck would have it, the hospital was full, and we could either go their sister hospital, or wait until 3 pm. Well I’ve been at this for over 12 hours now, what’s another hour and a half? It’s not like this baby is in a hurry! Now that I was at 5 cm, Dawn said it would be fine to labor in my tub at home for a while and I very gladly took her up on the offer. I love my bath tub!
Place the onion in a large saucepan with the bay leaves and 150ml of the stock. Bring to the boil, cover and simmer for 5 minutes.
I’ve always had weird feelings about all this because I’m kind of on the busty side. So in my experience the idea of having to go out of your way to persuade men to pay attention to your boobs sounds completely ludicrous. It’s like “10 tricks to get your child to eat ice cream” – no tricks necessary, this will pretty much happen by itself. Most of the time the real trick is how to stop men from focusing on your boobs when you’d rather they didn’t.
There were only around fifty of theses pressed, the majority of which were distributed to friends and family at the time. These are both completely different versions to ones that appear on the album, and unavailable anywhere else! Surely an instant collectors item that will exchange hands for a fair few quid in the not too distant future.
Nutrition Facts calculated at SparkPeople recipe calculator Amount Per Serving Calories 133.5 Total Fat 12.2 g Saturated Fat 7.6 g Polyunsaturated Fat 0.5 g Monounsaturated Fat 3.5 g Cholesterol 45.6 mg Sodium 156.3 mg Potassium 125.1 mg Total Carbohydrate 3.8 g Dietary Fiber 0.0 g Sugars 3.0 g Protein 2.6 g
Dies & Punches: Nestabilities & Martha Stewart
So what the current bidders would actually be looking to do is to buy the assets of the old club once it is liquidated rather than to buy the club itself and be saddled with all of the debts that come along with it.
Normal non self-promotional service will be resumed in the next post - till another book comes out!
That evidence is a single question on algebra.
while the noise of war subsides.
Acts 10:36
Despite the fact that Ireland still has a relatively small Muslim population – at about 50,000 according to the 2011 census – Ireland has nonetheless emerged as a major global centre for Islamic finance.
SECTION 1. The existence of war between the United States and other countries of Europe and Asia, which involves the Philippines, makes it necessary to invest the President with extraordinary powers in order to meet the resulting emergency.
My youngest started talking about odd and even numbers, and figuring out that in one had to add an odd and an even together to get another odd. The other two had fun trying to test the theory. Other discussions were as follows:
(Oh I just love this, the sentiment and image is perfect!)
The bridge is still used to carry water and gas mains over the river but the railway tracks have been removed and it is no longer possible to cross safely.
I didn’t make note about Christmas this year and can’t for the life of me remember where I spent it or with who. I was just happy to have the holidays over and done with for another year, but do remember sitting in my family room a lot enjoying the tree and doing a lot of thinking. Had been quite an eventful December and year. I remember contemplating on what had transpired and was hopeful that 2003 would be my year.
Amen, amen, I say to you, whoever believes in me will do the works that I do, and will do greater ones than these, because I am going to the Father.
Topps must have been feeling pretty boring in 2006. This photo was taken at the same time as the one used in Brayan's Topps card. Heck, it might even be the exact same photo. Shame on you Topps. That card can be seen here and it was signed at the Royals home opener in 2009. Home openers must be a good time to get Brayan's signature.
I asked a friend who is more skilled than I if she had some time to crochet me a hat. I had brought some felted wool back in October last year when we went away and last night she finished an awesome hat for me. Perfect for wearing to school on cold mornings.
For you I will fashion a rust-colored hound
Abigail arrived on March 21, 2011. 321...11, pretty cool birthday to have, I think. It was the first day of Spring and the Super Moon. She arrived 2 and a half weeks early at 12:10 a.m., peaceful. She did not cry until they started poking and prodding her, but was breathing just fine and was a 9 on her APGAR.
let simmer 25 minutes
He smiled. That was a good enough encouragement.
This is the first of Kelly Long's books that I have read and I was not disappointed. I plan to search for all of her books and continue to read them as she makes them. With the current trend in Christian fiction being Amish novels, this one is surprisingly refreshing. It was a different plot than most and held a real clear message about marriage and relationships.
Sharpen those shears, because we'll start cutting next!
Christopher Sadowski
To feel her lips
A simple video captured 7-month-old Holden Shoemake’s first milestones. That video saved Holden’s life.
Breakfast - biscuits and sausage gravy
Update: Carnegie had successful surgery on his knee in December and is almost fully recovered already.
I’m not giving up on them. They’re still real contenders for the Cup — they wouldn’t be where they are if that weren’t true.
1 pound of powdered sugar
I am also very excited to tell you that KSS is going to release FOUR new stamp sets on April 23rd!! Be sure to come back for sneak peeks and KSS give-away contest, start next Monday!!
This may not be the first case in the country, but it's the first time that I know of that a police officer is being disciplined for misusing a Taser. This is a small, gritty town on the Philadelphia border that's seen quite a few ups and downs over the past several decades, and in the past, has had a lot of problems with their police force:
Not just because they boil down wisdom to a soundbite, but because they’re designed to run on faith. They’re designed to keep you alive when the rockslide buries you. Articles of faith are always lies. And that’s fine, as far as it goes, because they can help. But it’s not fine because it builds false hope. And when you hit the reality, you suffer because nobody told you.
And it all begins with Willie Strasbourg stealing a pair of underwear from the girl next door . . .
Tell me when will you be mine
I'm off work until Monday, so I have a few craft projects I want to finish and a few more I want to start. I hope to post some pictures of those soon.
Now here's the exciting news: I had a good old chat with brewery boss Ian Bradley. He's happy to give some samples to bloggers who'll promise to give the beers a review. If you write about beer, either on the internet or dead-tree media, you can have a couple of bottles. All you need to do is leave your details here.
Rudd's December 2006 defeat of Kim Beazley for the ALP leadership." But when the numbers started to shift, Arbib did too. It is also likely that Rudd's decision to withdraw Australian troops from Iraq, which took place on 31 July 2009, caused the US to alter its opinion of Rudd, leading to the recall of Bleich's predecessor, and leading to Arbib orchestrating the coup which would remove Rudd from office. Even more likely, it was the threat that WikiLeaks represented that led to the US recruiting Arbib's help. The US was losing patience with Rudd, as a 28 November 2008 cable shows.
Recorded At Rheinhalle Dusseldorf Germany
God, Godhead: 1) In 1835, consists of two members: God the Father, a “personage of spirit”; and Jesus Christ, a “a personage of tabernacle” (Doctrine and Covenants 1835, p. 53). 2) By 1843, consists of three members: God the Father and Jesus, both having bodies of “flesh and bones as tangible as man’s,” but the Holy Ghost is “a personage of Spirit” (D&C 130:22).
This past week had a few highlights of its own on the topic of beer. I watched a documentary on Netflix called Beer Wars - if you are into beer and have an opportunity, definitely check out this documentary. Its about the beer industry and the struggle between the big breweries (Anheuser-Busch, Miller, and Coors) and smaller craft breweries, shown from the perspective of the smaller craft breweries. Definitely an interesting film if you are into beer and the business behind it. In other beer highlights for the week - I picked up and ordered some solid Stone Brewery products. Picked up a bottle of Sublimely Self-Righteous Ale and Old Guardian (Stone's barely wine) last night and drank the Sublimely. I was really excited to drink this bottle because it was originally brewed as Stone's 11th Anniversary Ale in 2007. I had a bottle of it about three years ago when my friends Mark and Mike came down to visit for new years. I loved this beer then, and I loved it when I had it again last night! To go further with the Stone Brewery kick I have been on lately, I ordered a couple sweet glasses from Stone's website - they are supposed to get here on the 23rd - just in time for a Christmas gift to myself. :-)
Is Your Blood Pressure Within Normal Ranges?
(1) politics and Public Administration must be separate entities;
The reason for this is presumably because it so so isolated. I am told an electricity supply only reached the populated island of Valentia, opposite where I am staying, in around 1963. The mobile phone signal here varies from eccentric to non-existent (mostly the latter) and, as for high-speed broadband, you can pretty much forget it. Modems tend to be dial-up and publicly-accessible WiFi in pubs and suchlike is a futuristic concept.
In the midst of all this blogging and crafting and baking I realise I am at risk of coming across a bit Stepford or supermum. So, just to set the record straight – here’s five things a good mother probably wouldn’t do (but I have).
The school told her has she didn’t have to swallow the pork, but only taste it and then spit it out.
*Do you plan your stories in advance, or do they happen on the page?
As soon as I returned, though, she was calling out excitedly.
Ok, so I'll post another great tutorial next week. Have a creative weekend!
1 justified
Today I met with a fellow actor as we are looking to put on my play as a show for the Sydney Fringe Festival 2012. It was great bouncing idea off one another and throwing words around. We are now just trying to put everything together and get the ball rolling! It’s going to be go-go-go from here!
According to the Sun journalist "Statistics experts say the odds of such an achievement are more then 50 million to one".
Disney's Polynesian Resort (Deluxe Resort)
* MY PREFERRED method for doing this is to do it outside - in the sun. You simply brush both sides of your paper and lay it out on something that you don't mind getting coffee stained. If there is a breeze blowing... set a rock or two on the paper...you don't want it to blow away ! I have a cruddy old table that I keep out for these purposes...but, you might use an old board or something like that.
to sum up:
“Thank you, baby.”
The beginning of this chapter recounts the events of Easter morning: the empty sepulchre, two angels greeting a weeping Mary Magdalene at its entrance, followed by Christ’s appearing before this faithful woman. He instructs her to tell the disciples what she has seen. This account ties with the Gospel of Mark (16:9). Christ has cast out seven demons from this lady as a reward for her faith and constancy. Through this act He was also sending a message to the disciples, as if to say, ‘Why is it that Mary Magdalene was there at the tomb and you were not?’
A: Here are some of the actual quotes I’ve received and the answers I wish I could say in parentheses:
I need to be better at letting things roll off my back.
And so I give myself to you
Like all disinfo campiagns, there is truth involved. There are indeed secret SEAL teams 7-9, and as I have stated before, SEAL Teams 10 and 11 operate inner earth; 12-14 off-world; 15 is inter-dimensional and 16-17 are time travel teams.
have ended up the most irritable and snappy woman on the planet (wouldn’t we all).
This is where unit price comparisons come in handy. Most grocery stores these days will show you the unit price for most pre-packaged food items in the store. It's usually in smaller font and located in a corner of the shelf tag:
I decided to make a set of four coasters for each person.
Yes, I miss cooking too. I'll make a post giving a tasty recipe soon.
The ancient Romans believed that anyone who was improperly buried would become an unhappy ghost, so they held a deep conviction that it was absolutely essential for every person — regardless of social standing — to be buried properly and avoid such a fate. Problem was, Roman society had a sizable gap between the rich and the poor. Many soldiers in the Roman Legion did not have the resources to afford such a burial. So burial clubs were born, and the instances of unhappy ghosts were presumably greatly minimized.
The LCWR assembly in 1972 featured a canon lawyer who spoke on “Religious Communities as Providential Gift for the Liberation of Women” and suggested that women bring lawsuits against the Church in both civil and Church courts and stage economic boycotts of parish churches.
Did you catch HGTV on the Set with Emily Henderson (love her!) on Friday? I just randomly turned it on (I really don't even watch HGTV that much these days, sorry to say). But it was touring the set of Big Bang Theory, so I had to watch. I love that show and I really like Leonard and Sheldon's apartment for some reason.
I have even become terrified about them getting into bed with me while I am asleep. 'Well you mustn't eat chocolate in bed and leave crumbs everywhere then,' Betty helpfully informed me.
I love a good Christmas story. I’ve written a few in the past (contemporaries) and I can’t explain why, but when the idea came to me for Her Christmas Pleasure, it had to be set during Christmas. It might’ve helped that I started the novella right around Christmas last year and finished it in January.
Salt, Cheddar, Ranch or Sour Cream & Onion. These are roughly the size of a tostito bite size chip. They are about 2-3 times thicker, but also less dense. Once again, mastery of the satisfaction of quantity – 27 chips for 110 calories. That said, these guys are not going to even remotely satisfy a chip craving. They are even further from chips than the crackers are from crackers. Not bad, but the Sour Cream & Onion flavor came nowhere close to Pringle satisfaction (though obviously pringle satisfaction can only be had one half of a can at a time, so not entirely fair). Again, something to include in the mix for variety, but not a regular go to snack for me.
This will help so I don't partner you up again with the same person ;-)
Our partnership with L.A. Works means a great deal to us. We forget that there are other volunteer programs around town. We never use them because L.A. Works always delivers on its promise and the volunteers are always quality people who tend to hang around longer than the project they signed on for. L.A. Works is our good friend! You even call to see how we’re doing. Thank you!
Dress: Curious Kitties – Deadly Breezy (The WGD Nightstalker Hunt)
The Beer Diva presents The Victorian Women of Beer plays for one night only at The Thornbury Theatre859 High St Thornbury on Friday March 4 as part of the Melbourne Food and Wine Festival.
A meat grill, usually used to describe a type of lunch or dinner.
We literally may have to rewrite pretty much everything that we know about everything in life.
TREATMENT:
I went over to my grandfather’s house to check his mail & get his newspaper for him and I noticed a S.U.V parked in the street & next to his house, and I thought that it belonged to my cousin ME or my uncle CE; and so I decided to drive the S.U.V in my grandfather’s yard so that it will not be in the street blocking traffic, the keys were already in the S.U.V.
16. Muffin? cookie
During the workshop I get several tips and tricks on paper and to keep them in place I made a folder with
2:15: Change diaper, read stories, bottle and bed
The second man goes up and says woman and he lands into women.
A stay in Ypres broke up the journey back home, another fabulous town and one at which you may be forgiven to thinking you were in England, there's a strong link and we were made very welcome, make sure you go to and see the last post at 8pm. I saw these chaps in the Ypra Inn not long after.
Entry #57
The first lady’s confession came Thursday during a “Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day” discussion at the White House when a child asked there was anything she’d change about life at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
“When You’re Away”
Original art collaged on a vinyl 33rpm Album . Archival paper, coldpress watercolor paper, colored pencils, markers, ink, and watercolors. 12" x 12" Round.
It is so bloody inconvenient to be a vegetarian. I love the taste of meat. And then... It is also true that if you are vegetarian, the grains/fruits you eat are harvested by farmers who also kill bunnies, raccoons etc... Either way animals die from human actions no matter what I eat, unless I grow my own fucking trees. And I'm not going to do that.
We men – laugh at any movie, regardless of genre (except bold movies)
This year I plan to be loose and free and write whatever I feel like. After all the promotion I've been doing lately I want to blog without purpose for 30 days and just have fun with it, allowing myself plenty time to visit the hundreds of participating bloggers, meet awesome people and discover great new blogs.
Fillippi, Nick ( Dir.) “Hindsight, Part 3.” Wolverine and the X-Men. ( TV Show). January 30, 2009.
Being a book about Christianity, Heresy is in the forgiving business. But forgiveness does not mean forgetting the truth.
It’s something the Wizard101 US Spiral has been waiting for for a little while. The theme of Avalon is Arthurian and Celtic mythology. But with a new world, things have to change!
While we were beach combing, Steve went snorkeling with Stevie and Bobby. They weren't sure how long they would stay in the water because it was a bit rough. I don't think it had been 15 minutes when Bobby came running towards us yelling. I thought for sure someone was hurt and started heading in his direction. Then I saw he had something in his hand...a big something. I also noticed the big grin on his face. He had found a conch shell which put our perfect shells to shame.
The Boundary Review Committee includes two parent representatives each from Palermo, Captain R. Wilson, Emily Carr, Forest Trail, West Oak, Heritage Glen, Pilgrim Wood, Abbey Lane public schools, and Abbey Park, White Oaks and TA Blakelock high schools, as well as the elected trustees for the respective area(s).
Evolution News writes about an eminent scientist who is under by professors and students at Emory University because of his disagreement with Darwinian orthodoxy and his assertion that morality isn’t possible on a materialistic worldview.
I'm beginning to understand why people end up with a ton of cats. My slightly crazy cousin Mimi had 8 at one time, plus some other animals (and a job volunteering a local zoo), and I think I see how it happened. I'm sure she didn't mean to end up with 8; I'm sure the people at the pet store who were telling me that they had 13 didn't mean to get that many; and I sure as hell didn't mean to own 3 cats in as many months. It just happens.
and then leave
Van Halen in concert was AWESOME and how fortunate I was to have someone get me a ticket. Kool and the Gang opened for them and they were great as well.
on that same day in May that your
Here are infographics of some of my most commonly used hashtags: #edchat #edreform #mlearning #unschooling #studentvoice
City Press can reveal the Hawks were investigating damaging claims that almost R200 000 for renovations to Mthethwa’s house in KwaMbonambi, northern KwaZulu-Natal, was paid out of the “slush fund” when the probe was shut down.
You think I know what you're thinking?
.: The attempt to make heaven on earth invariably produces hell. It leads to intolerance. It leads to religious wars, and to the saving of souls through the inquisition. It is our duty to help those who need help; but it cannot be our duty to make others happy, since this does not depend on us, and since it would only too often mean intruding on the privacy of those towards whom we have such amiable intentions :.
Paw debossed charms from Itsy Bitsy....
Dear Ones~
It all circles around.
What if there's a bigger picture
Miss Rumphius has always been a favorite. Although it always bothered me that she never married and the only jobs she held was a librarian and school teacher. Traveling the world certainly is a bonus.
Then he starts seeing things -- fire elementals, water creatures, and the Grim Reaper -- and starts to think that the legendary vodnik may actually be after him and his soul...
You will get a frothy smoothie...
Linda McCartney - keyboards, vocals, percussion
13th of May Sunday
Even with the loot, the pair reportedly fell behind on rent on a West Village apartment and had faced eviction at one time.
For as much as I’m a backyard BBQ enthusiast, I’m not really a purist. I’ll take steak anyway you serve it. So if you want to panfry mine, or broil it for me, I’ll be there with a bottle of wine to enjoy the meal. Need to get up market with it? Do it au poivre. Coat the steak with peppercorns and panfry. Create a pan sauce of reduced cognac and heavy cream. Oh, be sure to make the sauce in the same pan you cooked the steak. You want to get all the brown goodness in your sauce. Or perhaps you’re looking for something a little brighter? Why not ladle a bit of béarnaise sauce over your steak. The butter, egg yolk and tarragon mixture is the perfect counterfoil to the earthiness of the meat. Please don’t buy bottled béarnaise, though. It’s easy to prepare, and recipes abound.
Lisa looks amazed!
He offers to carry me across the river in exchange for gold, which is generous. I'd pay gold to just to say fuck yeah, I rode a CENTAUR, but he's actually going over and above that and offering to get wet and take me somewhere. What a great dude. And since he's naked, I'm kind of glad he's not a young boy.
Oh, I want those two records. Okay armpit holds wallet, one hand holds records, other holds deer.
I painted this sign on posterboard with paints from the $1 store to direct guests to the party (not like they really needed it with the navigation in this day and age... I secretly just wanted an excuse to paint something).
As Christians we tend to want to help God out in our marriages. Informing God on how He can better improve our relationship. ‘You know LORD if they just prayed, like I told them to, we would be alright.’ But I have to imagine God, with a Father’s chuckle replying, ‘Oh really.’ ‘That’s all it would take.’
Rancho Notorious was the last of three westerns that Fritz Lang made, and it’s arguably his most interesting. The idea of the ordinary guy overtaken by events and thrown into a world of violence and deceit that’s alien to him is one that can be found throughout Lang’s work. The central theme of how a desire for revenge can twist a formerly decent man and leave him on a par with the criminals he’s pursuing would be further, and more competently, explored when the director returned to it in The Big Heat a year later. Although all of Lang’s westerns contain elements of his trademark noir sensibilities, Rancho Notorious displays them most prominently. I’ve mentioned the use of the flashback in the first half hour of the picture, but the mood and photography all the way through help to cement the fatalistic and pessimistic sense that pervades the movie. One could, I suppose, complain about the overuse of painted backdrops and the ever-present ballad that serves as a stylized voiceover narration for the unfolding plot, but I prefer to see these as tools that Lang used to create his own vision of a dark frontier. The film is less concerned with showing any accurate portrayal of the west than it is with detailing the downward spiral of an essentially good man into a world of corruption and violence.
My vote for tribute is the first song that convinced me they had any intent of becoming Serious Artists instead of languishing as party-chasing musical pranksters. Licensed to Ill seemed at the time like novelty rock. I never “got” Paul’s Boutique, though I can understand why it has its fans. To me, Check Your Head seemed like a stronger leap forward, particularly the first single, “Pass the Mic”, though our local corporate alt-rock station prefers endless revisits to “Sabotage” and “So Whatcha Want”. It’s a rarity of sorts in that MCA leads off for once instead of batting cleanup.
With this, I had practically a whole block of silken tofu left. I looked around the kitchen and found some other ingredients. Here is what I made.
I realized, this ongoing abuse of Joel Ann is merely the tip of the iceberg, and GPATS, responsible for allocating millions of dollars, has plenty to answer for.
At any rate, even if petitioner was able to perfect an appeal, the same will still not prosper under the doctrine of conclusiveness of judgment. Under this doctrine, which is also known as “preclusion of issues” or “collateral estoppel,” issues actually and directly resolved in a former suit cannot again be raised in any future case between the same parties involving a different cause of action.
* abuse something I love, my children
And, I am so happy with the results!
7. The Purple People Eater - Sheb Wooley
This one was completely and totally inspired by Jenelle's Hello Spring! Cushion. I did not totally follow her pattern, for one thing my pillow is going to be a different finished size than hers, but I just looooved the opposing columns of flying geese and thought it might work pretty well with the Reunion fabrics. This was the first time I have used the "no waste" method of making flying geese, and thanks to Jenelle's directions and photos it was all very clear and they came together easily.
may be headed to AZ for Christmas break.
In 1977, we both left our jobs with the City of Seattle. (He retired at 63 and I quit at 55.) We moved to our retirement home outside of Yelm. Then for ten years we snowbirded to Mesa, Arizona, six months out of the year.
My solution was a simple one, I scooped up the birdies along with the tattered and destroyed nest, placed it on a frisbee and then placed the frisbee on top of a tennis racket to lay across the toy box; desperately hoping Mama bird will come soon to feed them.
On Sunday, July 4th, we walked from our hotel in Oakland down Forbes Avenue through downtown all the way to Point State Park where we joined in with thousands of people, scattered upon the grass and concrete, to watch the fireworks. We sat behind an family of Arabic descent who were sitting next to a young white couple who were sitting next to a black woman and five small children (all boys). We watched sky-divers make a dramatic descent to earth, putting all their faith in a thin piece of silk and a few ropes. We saw people watching from the safety of their hotel rooms behind us. We listened to the thump, thump, thump of the All-America music being played by a DJ a short way off in the distance, “Born in the USA, I was, Born in the USA!” We smelled the BBQ, sweat, cigarette smoke, popcorn, and smoke from expended fireworks.
Also part of our celebration is putting together a video of baby pictures of each of our seniors - thank goodness for my Mac - it makes the video pretty easy to put together. Here are all of our seniors.
Track listing for Johnny Crawford - A Young Man's Fancy:
Do something you love to do; do it,without expecting
KCI Licensing Inc and others v Smith & Nephew and others was decided last Thursday by Judge Colin Birss QC, sitting as a judge in the Patents Court, England and Wales). Following earlier litigation in which KCI had pursued Smith & Nephew (S&N) for infringing two of its European patents and established that infringement had occurred, the company applied for summary judgment in relation to an enquiry into damages. In its particulars of claim in the infringement proceedings, KCI had asserted that it was the registered patent holder. S&N admitted that assertion at the time but now, in its response to KCI's statement of intent in the enquiry into damages, S&N claimed that KCI was not the true patent owner after all. KCI was not impressed and argued that it was surely not open to S&N to raise the issue of true ownership on the enquiry into damages -- not just because of the earlier admission but also because it in any event was estopped from doing so. No, said S&N: it had actually raised the point in its skeleton argument at the trial and the admission was only that KCI was on the register as its registered proprietor, not that KCI was its true patent owner.
Funny how they are bringing up old bad things she supposedly did as reasons to get rid of her – reasons only brought up after this. I’ve seen such tactics used before, both in the news and in real life. :/
I'm tired, but I'm happy.
In other news, I finally seem to be able to drink again without succumbing to the overwhelming urge for a cigarette -- though I still miss it dreadfully -- so am enjoying my second beer of the evening. I am wondering if I will end up quitting smoking the same way I ended up quitting, um, other illicit substances in my 20s. It wasn't that I wanted to stop, necessarily--I just stopped having the opportunity.
Are we tired yet?
"Uh, doc, do you know there's a pile of dog shit in your office?"
This is my final week as Visiting Artist at Gingersnap Creations and I'd just like to thank Shar for inviting me. I am very flattered and have had a great time revisiting my oriental images.
Seven months after my daughter’s second birthday, she snapped. Not the regular toddler tantrum that had become a regular occurrence in our home. Nor was it the ‘I’m going to run myself into a shelf, yank all of the boxes of cereal to the ground—and then dance on them’ whirlwind. It wasn’t even the ‘I’m going to thrash my arms and legs about on the floor, just like I’m at a Bad Brains show, and then I’m going to wail and force everyone in the grocery store to look at YOU’ type of snapping. Baby-girl elevated her game to the next-level. She snapped in that way that forces you to reexamine your parenting style and ability.
"Brazilians are rapidly acquiring a taste for the finest American whiskeys, and (this) agreement -- when implemented -- will ensure the integrity and authenticity of these world class drinks," said Peter Cressy, president of the Distilled Spirits Council of the U.S. (DISCUS). "Formal recognition for bourbon and Tennessee whiskey producers is critical because it will ensure that only those products produced in accordance with strict U.S. standards will be permitted for sale in the Brazilian market."
Now that I’ve summarized some of my short person don’ts, back to the t-shirt issue. T-shirts are particularly pertinent for petites because fashion has trended towards longer t’s for the last few years. This is fine for those that have particularly short torsos, but most petite women will agree that it is a lot trickier for those of us with short legs. Unless you are wearing a monochromatic look (long black tunic top over black leather pants), it is hard not to chop the body in half, visually, not to mention the weird bunching that starts happening in the hip/rear area from excess fabric.
To my surprise, the best friend cum house manager asked for forgiveness after realizing his mistakes. An explanation of having nobody to speak to on his problems and getting into self-pity on his financial situation was enough for me to understand him. I know, his financial predicaments was brought about by his love, priority and high regards to his family that he cannot say no, whenever his niece or sisters ask for financial help for their education even if it leaves him penniless.
As I strive to obey The LORD My GOD and faithfully keep all His commands that He has given me, He will make me greater than any nation on earth. And all these blessings written in Deuteronomy 28:1-13 will be mine, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
You ARE mom enough.
~ taken from A Boy called Duct Tape by Christopher Cloud since I read this in a digital copy I'm not sure what page it was on.
The black and white photo became the cover of the August 27, 1945 issue of LIFE magazine and it became the most reproduced during that time.
But what’s different about this is that I’m seeing it getting better, I’m cognizant of the change, mentally, going on in my life. It first coalesced around my fiancée and my love and respect of her. I’ve also become more creative and worry less about a great many things in my life. But I can’t help shake that this newfound inner peace is because of something. I walk home from the subway and I smile even when it’s raining, such as yesterday. Being a hypochondriac somewhat obsessed over what I eat, I’ve thought it might have something to do with the fact that I’ve been taking more Vitamin D, every day. I’ve also thought that maybe it’s the long-term effects of walking to and from the subway station every day (as opposed to the periodic running that I used to do in between bouts of sloth).
She was not to keen on getting her picture taken and the only place
Stacey Douglas, Director of Marketing and Operations
So now you know my dirty little secret. I love "Idol." Must be the "cheering for the underdog" in me that makes me faithfully pursue these shows. I just love to see a contestant who starts out nervous but talented turn into a polished, confident singer.
This is a truly comprehensive guide for Star Seeds, helping them to understand themselves and why they are here on Earth. Paul McCarthy provides new information about the most important groups of evolved Extra-Terrestrial Beings and how they can help humanity.
Amanda: Gary, she’s changing the words!
Enjoy reading!
"I know you are here and I only came to apologize to your fat face. Fuck you bitch!!! You better watch your back!!!"
1 pine
Thursday, December 27
04 Harp Jam 11:47
It’s like he has the Larousse Gastronomique at the tips of his fingers. Name a sauce and he can list all the ingredients.
Cheers to the JCCSC for taking the time to answer the questions, appreciate it. Everyone have a good weekend watching Neil and the team hold aloft the SPL trophy on Sunday.
I really don’t mind people knowing or asking, but I always worry about being pushy or offending people. Religion is considered a very personal thing in our culture. Like sex or something. It’s nothing you discuss with a stranger.
Q086) This spring, the fashion item you are aiming for is?
I know i am such a bad blogger at the moment!
Well, I was very much uplifted by this event, and wanted to share it with you. Today I am in Nairobi, with Fr. Andrew Harrison from Chicago, and long term missionaries Felice Stewart and Marie Bober. We will travel to Tanzania this week and begin our training with the priests from the Bukoba region of the country. I look forward to the journey and to the work which is in front of us. I do hope for your prayers, with the belief that that they are helpful to our efforts.
When Pearl Harbor broke out, life became chaos. It became survival. Dad was trapped in Angeles City where as his family in Lubao evacuated. It may have been months, maybe years. Most people were not mindful of counting how long the war will last then , but how soon it would be over. My dad's family thought he was already dead. They lost track of him. It was very painful but each of them hope, that one day they will all be together.
Melissa Gilbert and Maksim Chmerkovskiy: 24 (8, 8, 8)
Oh, and Mom's raging delusion over her Hanging with Friends addiction.
But the week unravelled and by Wednesday, it felt as if several months had gone by. Perhaps I'll write about it one day.
I have been really bad about blogging the last couple of weeks.
When leaders under UMNO’s or government’s payroll talk about Islam nobody heeds. The reasons are aplenty. There are alleged widespread corruption and cronyism within the government. There is less transparency in the government dealings and many government tenders were purportedly given to cronies and government-linked companies.
That night, I told the Aussie I loved him. We had 8 more days to spend together, and I was going to relish in each and every moment.
My make-up running as paranoia breaks down and I enter that alternative state,
How do you like your coffee?
2. Compound Movements - Big lifts like power cleans, dead-lifts, pulls and the dreaded Olympic squat involve the movements of multiple joints in one single rep (hence the name, compound a.k.a multiple a.k.a more than one.. triceps kick-backs and biceps curls do not qualify). Now... the way you lift these weights is crucial. The amount of reps and the cadence (speed of lift) makes ALL the difference That is why a body-builder can get big fast dead-lifting 100kg and a weightlifter can look tiny in comparison while they are dead-lifting twice the amount. Also, the other differentiator is...
The Target dollar spot is really helping me with my organization I found these pocket folders in the dollar spot in several colors so I bought a few. I am going to use the small one to organize my vocabulary cards, high frequency word cards, and standards correlations for each story. Each week goes in a different pocket.
NCIC Number: U-960002335
I searched through my recipe books and couldn't find any recipe I really liked. So I decided to attempt my own version!
Children Go Where I Send Thee by Johnny Cash
~Alice
MinneBar is an (un)conference aimed at getting those in Minnesota’s tech and design communities together to discuss topics that interest them. This spring’s event was held Saturday the 22nd of May at the Best Buy headquarters in Richfield, MN. Registration from 7:30 to 9am and sessions from 9-5:30. Light Breakfast and lunch provided. After party of complimentary snacks and beverages (Beer & Wine).
Have you ever play and dance in the rain? I want to, really.
So that is what's up with me and writing.
Victorian England is temping, and there are sourcebooks available for that setting. And I work a couple weekends of a Charles Dickens Christmas Faire up in San Francisco during the holidays, so plenty of inspiration there (the White Chapel district that they set up inside the Cow Palace is just dark and creepy). Switch that era to the Old West, and you have a setting I would love to do CoC for. Last week I got my hands on a copy of Deadlands, and that is inspiring an old west thing even more.
each piece. The snaps towards the bottom are ‘right’ side up,
GM - Grinding Metal
Heat 3/4" vegetable or peanut oil in large skillet over medium - medium high heat.Fry eggplant slices in heated oil until golden, turning once. Drain on paper towels and layer fan style in large baking dish.
All this is by way of explanation of the lateness of Confluence's publication. I promised it would be out two days ago, but here I am. I hope the new written instructions will be worth the wait for those who need them in order to knit.
So I hastily searched for my old blog (dun dun, sorry I can’t tell you if you are ever curious about it for some reasons concerning my image and self-esteem) and found out that wow, I was there too!
Outbreaks of food poisoning from meat products, as well as increased concern over such additives in meat as hormones and antibiotics, have led some people and professionals to question the safety of meat products. There is also an increased awareness of the questionable treatment of farm animals in factory farming.
Keeping with the Heart-full theme
A little surprised I turned around expecting to see a leaf or something on the floor. What I saw was a fresh new load of bird poo. I’d been so close to getting hit, and freakishly it had missed me.
As soon as I scream and start running to the bathroom, I know my husband is thinking the worst. Something has happened to the baby. My wife has burned herself. There is a giant roach.
The Spouse Sparrow told me a story about his ex-wife, who would be watching "East Enders" (which apparently gave her her itchy minge), and suddenly, she would have a good root around in the ol' stench trench, and then, rather inelegantly, proclaim "Itchy minge!" and go back to watching her program. I know, I know, you are wondering why he ever left this charming gem of womanhood. Divorce has its reasons, whereof reason knows nothing.
Sociologists argue that the phenomenon behind women who fight political fights that limit their choices and status as women – on issues like equal pay and equal health care rights- is because of the cultural quality and insidiousness of misogyny. Anti-feminists work against themselves because society expects something of them and the women who end up working against women’s rights, even at their own detriment, do it because they’ve fallen or this idea that little empowerment should be expected from women.
Whew. And now on to the cabbage rolls.
This, above all, is what every Mass, every Remembering, every Thanksgiving, proclaims – often, it would seem, in the face of the evidence. When men like my father, who were involved in a war at the peril of their lives, and at the peril of their wives’ and children’s happiness, went to a Mass being said on top of ammunition boxes, they were pretty clear as to the war between love and death – they could see it dramatised in front of them. And in the same vein, when, as in the Gospel passage for today, our Lord asks his fragile friend and servant Peter whether he really loves him, this is not some kind of social flirtation: it is the question asked by a man who has died at the hands of Mars, asked of another man who had earlier caved in to the hands of Mars. Jesus’ question to Peter is not only, ‘do you love me?’ but ‘do you – really, seriously, as a grown-up and often scared person – believe in love enough to stake your life on it?’
The Wolf however
But, of course, my professional life isn't my whole life; if that was the case, I would be a very shallow person indeed. No, my personal life could probably use some improvement. If I have resolutions for the new year, the bulk of them would be related to changes I'd like to make in my way of living, my personality and my interpersonal relationships.
We can also thank Rabbi Rashi for his contributions for giving us a new edition of Talmud, so we now have supplements called “Rashi commentaries”. Rabbi Solomon ben Isaac, or Shlomo Yitzhaki, known as “Rashi”, lived from 1040 to 1105 in Troyes, France. His commentaries in the Babylonian Talmud gives us important and adequate explanations of words, and of the logical structure of each Talmudic passage.
40. Definitely, Maybe (Ryan Reynolds & Isla Fisher) - Loved it from start to finish.
These guys are definitely worth your attention and support and I expect big things for them in the future. To listen to “Dark Hearts” as well as their other songs you should visit their Facebook and Soundcloud pages.
Overnight music video ‘Folks faint all the time at my events’ Hamas assaults journalists from BBC, Sky News Yedidya Atlas: Obama the Teflon Purim President Arlene Kushner On Obama’s AIPAC Speech And Analysis @ken_twindragon happy Purim! This is not a Purim story: UN to condemn Israel for its treatment of women! Youths leaving Gaza to work in Libya US military resisting intervention in Syria Иорданский спецназ готовится к захвату сирийских военных баз Romney slams Obama for trying to take Iran out of the campaign, Khameni praises Obama The Day Security At The Western Wall Was a Joke Хафез Асад и Аллах NOW you wake up? If Israel is really an ‘apartheid state,’ why do so many Arabs want to live there? Gadhafi hid arms in Libyan embassies around the world Obama Claims To Have Israel’s Back, Just Like Great Britain’s–Unfortunately Bibi on Fox News Две ракеты были выпущены по южной территории #Израиль из #СекторГаза Breaking: 2 rockets fired from #Gaza land in #Israel in Eshkol Regional Council, home to ~11,000 people #shabbatshalom @yisrael4ever Sadly, it already looks like it’s not a quiet weekend for the citizens of #Israel. 9-Mar-12: Rain, hail, sleet or snow – the thugs are always ready to fire in the general Israeli direction “World to end, Palestinian women affected most” Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler Arabs And Muslims Prefer To Live in the “Apartheid” State Of Israel Meir Dagan: Don’t attack Iran’s nukes Hamas claims it met with US officials last May Journalists attacked in Gaza @DKurdistan Shabat shalom! Bader Qarmout: Jordanian-Born, Pro-Israel Senate Candidate The Middle East Sampler 3/9/2012: Israel Still Can’t Trust Obama Is Egypt calling Hamas’ bluff on fuel? A total of 56 rockets of various ranges were launched from #Gaza into #israel from the beginning of 2012. #terror #hamas In March there were 8 rockets launched from #Gaza into #israel. That’s an average of one rocket per day! #terror #hamas Sabbath music video
Omega Pharma Quickstep (Belgian Super Team – formed by the merger between Omega-Pharma-Lotto and Quickstep teams)
D. Outside work: aside from journaling, we will try to keep writing assignments to
We purchased a small ceramic compost bin for our kitchen (it has a charcoal filter so we don't smell anything) and a larger compost tumbler for our back yard.
Chase: It doesn’t mean anything. The idea got planted, it was probably inevitable.
Smells fairly malty, and slightly sweet. No hops.
LAVRAKI 29
This is joy! And joy’s core meaning: to allow God’s real joy into our daily lives and daily worship. Did you catch the acrostic from earlier? Here it is once more:
Swigging a bit of Coors Light last night after seeing a six pack in the supermarket for £2. Not a national offer, I think they were shifting old stock. Which got me thinking that whenever I have necked this grog it’s usually an offer on old stock. Its never promoted in big cheap boxes. At least it was within its sell by date, though. I used to neck this grog regularly, but that stuff was all past its sell by date. So it was interesting to compare the bouquet and flavour of the beer pre and post date. Not a lot to compare really. It’s flavourless watery grog that slips down nicely. Light of flavour and light on calories according to the bottle. The lady squeeze likes this one and joined me for a bottle. She even managed a belch.
GATHER YOUR SUPPLIES
One evening early this year, a red Ferrari pulled up at the U.S. ambassador’s residence in Beijing, and the son of one of China’s top leaders stepped out, dressed in a tuxedo.
Meet Benway, the long suffering butler to the Bellweather family. Bound by an ancestral oath of service (200 years no less), he's spent his entire professional career keeping up with an inventing father, a mother who loves to repaint rooms, and their five children--who rescue dangerous animals, stand up for anyone who is opp, and create imaginative "art."
Tom and I were inspired at the end of last year by a foraging walk we took with Robin Harford of Eat Weeds. In late autumn and just a short mile or so he showed us many plants which could be eaten or used in cooking, and he told us their stories with such joy and passion! We learnt about the indigenous plants whose seeds would have been used to spice foods before exotic spices were shipped in from far shores, like Hogweed (Heracleum sphondylium).
James 4:4-10:
The most successful trips are those where there is a mixture of in depth planning and local knowledge... You may find the guides listed below helpful... they are the ones I use and the ones that I share with my friends... I always cross reference with a couple of different guides... Some I prefer for the local intelligence, addresses and maps... others for the historical recap...
"Back Home" 6x8 inches, oil on canvas by Ruth Andre
*) Allow a prisoner the unheard-of right to avoid strip-searches in New York State.
But, lowering the intensity doesn't mean cutting back. If anything it means more riding but less intensive rides until we're both fit enough to do more. I'm hoping this will alleviate the soreness he's been feeling since it always sucks to have a grouchy horse.
And now my brain hurts. I think it's got a blister.
* Transfer to a spouse, lineal descendant or charitable organization is tax-free; transfers to children-in-law are taxed at 11% to 16%; all other transfers are taxed at 15% to 16%
Feelin’ guilty as sin
Gallo had been dining that night with his wife and with his bodyguard, Peter “the Greek” Diapoula. They managed to flip over the table and use it as a shield. But when Gallo made a run for the door, a bullet pierced his back and cut his carotid artery. He stumbled out the door and collapsed on the street.
The May 2000 issue of Martha Stewart Living brilliantly sums up everything May stands for. In its pages we find pinatas, Mother's Day crafts, breakfast ideas and the gentle welcoming of outdoor living back into our lives. We learn that not all geraniums are created equally with a tour of Margaret Roach's fancy-leaf varieties at her home in the Catskills. We venture to Maine to visit the summer home of one of Martha's Skylands neighbours on Mount Desert Island. The rambling, three-storey home is bright with floral wallpaper and children's artwork, summer-hued palettes and casual coverlets in its many guest bedrooms, ready for seasonal visitors. The value and collectibility of vintage plastic dinnerware is examined thoroughly, as are its beautiful designs through glorious photographs by Stephen Lewis. We stroll through an artist's garden, organize our sewing drawers and learn how to make whites whitest.
My order confirmation arrived on Monday at 1:26pm. Here is a summary:
And so I ask of you, Mr. Stansberry – you who supposedly wishes to help people survive the coming economic and dollar “crash” – I ask of you and every other entity and corporation out there profiting from fear and usury, to stop promoting usury as a solution to usury. Be part of a revolution to dethrone the profit driven system instead of promoting it in such a deceitful way. Starve the system instead of funding its feeding time. Be a hero, not a villain.
Having said that, not every girl likes the grand gestures. One of my girlfriends warned her boyfriend not to propose to her at a football or basket ball match. In fact she listed a couple of very public events that he shouldn’t even consider. In reference to point one – you definitely don’t want to corner a girl into saying yes to you in a public place – you could end up having to do deal with a very public disgrace. Having said that, quite a few women would probably say yes when proposed to in public and then dump the guy privately – I know that’s what I’d do.
"Don't glue anything I wouldn't glue!!"
grilled sea cucumber
JSB—One part I found especially interesting was the theory that these wild men are Karankawa Indians or maybe manifestations of them—some of the reports of them—like the guy on the power line and the people that saw them in canoes.
When lunch rolled around my daughter made herself a tuna salad sandwich so that just left me.
I'm not a fan of the Kitty,
One of Stan's rules states that you need to try at least two servings of any beer before passing judgement on it. A modification of this rule is that you should try a few of any brewery's beers before you form an opinion about the brewery.
Incidentally, there is sex in this book. I don't want to ruin it for you by telling you where, who, or why, just know that the scenes are hot. Very hot. And let's be honest. There are two more books in this series, and I can only imagine the steamy scenes will get hotter and more creative. The author certainly knows how to make women swoon and want to get some. And I'm going to move on and leave it at that.
"How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and the strong. Because someday in life you will have been all of these. ~ George Washington
Nick is constantly pretending to be someone else. His imaginative play is far ahead of the others at any age. I can see him possibly being interested in theatre when he’s older.
It is hopped with Saaz, and their essence is captured in the head. The flavor, however, is very gentle, boardering on sweet. The Saaz add a robust bitterness and the characteristic spiciness sets off the sweet nicely; it finishes mostly dryly, with just a bit of residual sugar. However, it is in no way challenging--all the notes are beguiling and you really have to remind yourself of the strength to avoid quaffing.
Anyway, the girls were gorgeous, their dresses short and tight and their chicken fillets in (only one made a brief escape). I understand why the chicken fillets become a part of the wardrobe, but am confused as to why they become part of the dinner conversation. Yes, it’s more honest to admit they’re there, but it almost makes the wearing of them less necessary. I suspect I’m missing something, though. Personally, and despite being somebody whose figure would benefit greatly from their insertion, I think they’re just a little bit creepy… sticky, fleshesque rubber that adheres to your pretty parts and then needs to be peeled off? Hmmm.
B and I were divided on the Pork Noodles with “Arraitxiki” (a Basque sea bream) Extract and Toasted Rice. B thought the gummy ropes under-seasoned but I liked that the focus was on their unusual elastic texture. It reminded me of Chinese cold cuts, specifically pig’s ear, so wasn’t surprised to discover that the noodles were fashioned from slow-cooked Iberian pig skin.
Shi’ite tradition, collective memory, and Revolution: Islamic political movements tapped into the “collective memory” of the Karbala event. On the 10th of Muharram, the first month of the Islamic calendar, Shi’ites commemorate the assassination of Husayn, the grandson of prophet Muhammad, with processions of mourners expressing their grief with an intense display of distress. Husayn’s martyrdom has come to signify injustice and resistance to oppression. Participants soak their hands with donated blood to create a realistic performance of the Karbala battle in which Husayn was assassinated. Islamist revolutionaries capitalized on people’s pre-disposition to take action against perceived oppression by making an analogy between Husayn’s misfortune and their own condition under the Shah and his allies including the United States.
tomorrow we’ll do it all over again.
The fact is that we humans are not much to be trusted with what I am calling statistical knowledge, and the larger the statistical quantities the less we are to be trusted. We don’t learn much from big numbers. We don’t understand them very well, and we aren’t much affected by them. The reality that is responsibly manageable by human intelligence is much nearer in scale to a small rural community or urban neighborhood than to the “globe.”
Delman and Clotile have been absent for months, so I assumed they moved on, or something had happened to them. The worry is over. They're back and somewhere by the front door of the office in the morning; hoping I'll find them something to eat. I guess I need to go buy them some more food.
When my older son was an infant, I was asked to chair a panel at an international conference on British music being held that summer in Vermont. I explained that I would need to bring him along, as he would be seven months old and couldn't be away from me. The conference organizers -- all men, fathers and grandfathers -- were happy to oblige, and so were most of my male colleagues. But I was not prepared for the reaction of the other women at the conference, who looked at me and my baby, whom I wore in a wrap, as if we were the shit on their shoes. I asked a colleague if it would be all right if I brought my son to his panel, and I sat on the floor in the back of the room with him to minimize any disruption he might cause, and to have easy access to the exit. Luckily my baby was fine, only making a few baby sounds here and there, and no one seemed to mind. The keynote address was scheduled for later that day, and I was eager to hear it, as it was given by a scholar whose work interested me keenly. When I entered the hall, however, with my son in his wrap, another scholar, an up-and-coming young Englishwoman, fairly snarled, "If you're sitting there, I'm moving. I heard your baby in that panel discussion," and she swept up her things and flounced to another seat far from us. I got up and left the hall with my son and burst into tears, and ended up spending the keynote sitting under a tree with him and crying. Ironically, one of the conference organizers, a gay man who had recently adopted an infant with his partner, brought his own baby in on the last day, and father and son were swarmed and cooed over by the same women who had shunned me. My contribution to this love-fest was to give the dad a copy of Mothering that I had brought with me and finished. I won't take the time now to unpack this whole experience. but any conclusions you might draw are probably fairly accurate. Just trust me when I say that the world of academia is no more child-friendly -- if you're a mother, that is -- than the world of opera.
6. In 1848, the Free Soil Party advocated all of the following EXCEPT
Don't playa hate.
Really. The kind of person who will descend into madness, act selfishly, and ruin lives, should stay away from this situation. This is strongly based on full acceptance of truth#2.
With most publishers an advance usually reflects your book’s earning potential the first year it’s on sale, less costs to the publisher. What does that mean? Traditionally when publishers run those elusive numbers they try to figure in how many copies a book will sell it’s first year in print, then they try to figure out how much it’s going to cost them to make that book—design the cover, pay for paper, printing, and shipping costs—and then they will figure out how much you might make on the book based on your royalty percentage. And that’s your advance. It’s your share of the book’s profit its first year in print. Of course the publisher (and you) hopes you far exceed that number and that first royalty statement blows the advance out of the water.
In its annual “Governor’s Cup” issue, Site Selection magazine today announced the top micropolitan areas for new and expanding industry. For the seventh consecutive year, Statesville-Mooresville has finished in either first or second; this year placing second to Lexington-Thomasville, North Carolina. Statesville-Mooresville finished the year with 17 qualifying projects. In order to qualify, a new or expanding industry project must meet one of three criteria; capital investment of at least $1 million, creation of 50 or more new jobs, or new construction of at least 20,000 square feet.
"Mother-fucking mainland tourists, there's the one with the yellow flag. Fucking sheep, lemmings. Why don't they get on with their own life?"
9. Hospitals are Full of Old People – No, I mean really old. Maybe it was a heart hospital thing, but I was told by one of the nurses that I was the only one my floor under 50. Walking around, though, most seemed over 75 at least.
So...as always thank you for caring to follow along; any strength we possess is largely due to the strength of the support we have around us. Thank you also to the amazing doctors at Children's. Here are a couple more pictures for you as I go back into turtle mode: I hope you all have as much to be thankful for this week as we do!
And for that, Ringer, I will never forgive you.
I like spanking you.
Shake It Off and Step Up- Author Unknown
Then the hard work started, Tim and I demonstrated to a total of 180 people, during a 9 hr stretch. Wow, that was some feat, I can tell you, but it went like clockwork.
We have entered an era where medicine no longer bears any resemblance to the art and science of healing. The doctor no longer facilitates the body’s innate self-healing capabilities with time, care, good nutrition and special help from our plant allies. To the contrary, medicine has transmogrified into a business enterprise founded on the principles of pure, unbridled capitalism. Diseases are created and rolled out like new markets, each representing a veritable gold mine of symptoms, and each disease symptom providing the justification for the prescription of a new toxic drug-commodity. Healing has not simply been forgotten but intentionally exorcised as it represents the antithesis of perpetual profitability which requires the incurability of the human body. Were the truth be told, and the body’s self-regenerative capabilities acknowledged, the entire superstructure of drug-based medicine and hundreds of billions of dollars in revenue it generates annually, would crumble overnight. When a handful of turmeric has more chemotherapeutic activity than any drug yet to receive FDA approval, one begins to understand why the hundreds of studies proving that turmeric kills cancer are never discussed. You can not compete with free, effective and safe in a medical marketplace dominated by expensive, ineffective and unsafe nostrums.
Apart from the hearing, just before the filing deadline, and without informing his boss (interim DA Leon Stanback) Cline backer and ass't district attorney Jim Dornfried has filed to run against Judge Hudson.
I got to thinking about it -- what kind of people would apply for jobs as policemen, under this type of rule?
So, make yourself comfortable Autumn, I think we'll get along just fine.
It is beyond question that in the past, the Catholic Church in America has unwisely taken political positions that are antithetical to the American ideals of individual freedom, personal responsibility, and Constitutionally limited government. But it is also beyond question that the Democrats, whose passion for power respects no bounds, have targeted the Church as a principal adversary in the upcoming election. There is no other imaginable explanation for the Obamunists' determination to impose a requirement on Catholic institutions to provide their employees health insurance that will cover contraception and abortifacients.
It's finally fall here in the desert! It rained yesterday which sent me into a fall baking tizzy, on top of fall house cleaning :) In between all of that, I was able to squeeze a quick card in for Flourishes Timeless Tuesday. It's all about priorities ;)
- Bake sale
185 – Mike McKenna (Martial Arts Planet, 2-0) def. Donald Emerson (Toronto BJJ, 0-1) via TKO (ground-and-pound) at 0:50 of Round 1.
But the Ward 8 councilman says he isn’t a survivor. Instead, he describes himself as “one of the most successful elected officials in America.”
As I was hellbent on getting into college, I was taking all the courses necessary to both graduate and look good for college application: calculus, physics, AP English, Government and Econ. I threw in French IV and Drama for shits and giggles (but mostly shits). It was a pretty good little schedule, if I do say so myself. I had Calculus and physics in the morning, and then wrapped up the day with English (which you might have noticed is one of my better subjects) and Drama.
There will be an interpretation by Anonymous that has a penis in it. Nothing new right? Well, I don't want to go scaring off the handful of new people that have appeared over the past month, so this is your warning.
Love and Death on Long Island (Richard Kwietniowski)
i thought i'd at least give you a bit
They drave great nails through hands and feet, and made a Calvary;
Fun on the Farm by Brian of Hopkins' Hoppin' Happenings: "Here is a fun Farm Packet for primary grades. It includes Farm Rhyming Words - The words used are actually from the book Country Morning by Christine Lynn. Read more about it on my blog. It also includes I Have Who Has Dolch Words, Addition and Subtraction Center. You can use them as concentration matching, go fish, etc. All, but the I Have Who Has, has a work sheet and an answer key to go with it! I hope you enjoy!" (K-2)
There was so much meaning in this story. Estella once made great sacrifice to a demon, and due to that, has been forced to make heavy decisions every day of her life whilst living in Hell. In order to save children, the demon says she must make sacrifices. She makes these sacrifices but when she is forced to place a curse on a baby named Anamique, the demon eventually gets more than he bargained for. Due to the curse, Anamique grows up mute, unable to even murmer a sound for the chance that it will kill anybody who hears it. She is teased and lives her life lonely until a soldier named James, finds her diary and falls in love with her. The romance that unfolds is breathtaking, beautiful and heartbreaking. Throughout, many sacrifices are made, but many lessons are learned.
GENERAL OBJECTIONS AND RESPONSES
First thing we really needed to get in were potatoes. If you check older posts you will find photos of last years potato planting. It was by far the hardest 3 days (Yes 3 days) Work Ive ever had!
Who will be on the appeal panel?
reflect on what life’s been
For the purpose of this tutorial, I will not refer to the proper names, I will use the terms "base" and "tiles." I've also included pictures of what Pique Assiette tiles look like. There was a time when a Pique Assiette artist needed to know exactly how to cut the china but today they can be readily purchased pre-cut; simply mastering the cutting process takes a bit of time and for some not worth the effort. You can find hand-cut tiles in my Etsy Store under the China Mosaic Tile sub-heading.
No, I don’t believe it: but if Jesus was God, and a human child, would he not play games like that? That he would not is the doctrine of Kenosis.
It also appears to me that parts of the gay rights camp, including portions of the 'gay media', are too quick to try and make political gain from these tragic deaths. Although the Church is often falsely accused of being prejudiced or irrational, it amazes me how some commentators on the (supposedly 'rational') left are able to conjure up all kinds of assumptions concerning many of these suicides, well before any of the facts have been established. (Of course, this jumping the gun of natural justice is nothing new - only last week a Catholic school for girls was roundly condemned as 'intolerant' and 'biased' in the 'liberal' media, such as in the Pink News, on the evidence of one seemingly dissatisfied pupil, before the full facts had a chance to come to light.)
they will renew the ruined cities
I'm glad I am "just what he's stuck with".
Yeah, I did. I was standin' over there by the tomaters, (pronounced as "domaters")
114. ”When we get too caught up in the busyness of the world we lose connection with one another and ourselves.” – Jack Kornfield
As I explained in a previous post, I didn't have much choice. I'd allowed him to assume that I'd work very late finishes followed by very early starts. My fault really, but the occasional overnight turned into more than a few. And he's not the type with whom I can logically explain my reasoning. Upon receiving a booking, he'll look to fill the driver slot with the least work possible on his behalf. Until now, that meant calling me.
My handwriting was never flamboyant or even beautiful, but it was mine. There was a flair to my signature that tended to express my somewhat outgoing personality.
The first point is probably the simplest to achieve. I bought a share in CSA (community supported agriculture) recently with Aagaard Farms. Since I don’t get out to my mom and dad’s farm quite as often as my produce requirements require week to week, this is a reasonably affordable way to shift my grocery budget to something local and closer to home.
I felt a great sense of accomplishment, making all those times I forced myself to make a gym appearance worth it. I won't lie. Some days I didn't want to go. And some days I didn't (even though I felt super guilty). But the aches, hours of cardio and pushing myself to the limit culminated in crossing the finish line at the Dirty 6 Mud Run.
I was DETERMINED to succeed in writing! And, I wanted to finally have something in my life that meant something dear to me...writing!
that we got all our plants fertilized this week.
because Louie was speaking “Brooklyn”
...AND that's as far as I got this month. Most of those were late too. I'm not gonna sugar coat it; April, with the exception of a few highlights, pretty much sucked. I'm sure my two and a half week absence was noticed. I've not accomplished much. I haven't worn makeup or properly styled my hair in almost three weeks. At my doctor's appointment yesterday I was told I'm down three lbs (in two weeks! in my 3rd trimester!) in spite of having a root beer float every night... sometimes two.
Suzanne lived in Florida at the time, so I was safe for a bit. I have no idea when my mom told Suzanne about the ring or what was said. Suzanne never said a word. Two years later, that drunk driver would change her life forever and I wished for a time that she'd had just a moment to enjoy the rings as her own.
-You frequently post about the stress of homeschooling on your blog, but that your husband really wants you to do it...you seem like you feel it's too much, based on what you say. Do you really feel you can take more on?
However, the Barcelona trainer refused to rule out a return to Camp Nou in the future.
Here is my front porch.....
I wouldn’t have known anything about Ulverscroft had it not been for writer Sally Quilford generously sharing the information that she’d sold on some of her previously published pocket novels to them. I’ve thanked her in private but now I’d like to acknowledge in public how much in her debt I am. Thanks, Sally and I owe you!
…and then he started to break them.
Given that light is everywhere and you can use any form of camera to produce remarkable work then the only barrier between you and making better images is what happens in your brain, your creativity and your drive to make meaningful images.
If research like this -- and the conclusions hinted at in the article -- are to be taken seriously, what might be a likely consequence?
Since Chelsea is really tech-savy, she plans to link the Facebook page with Twitter, so that every time Gail updates the Facebook page, it will automatically feed into the Twitter account.
We will be having our own little Valentines party at home tomorrow while E is at preschool, and that way she will still get to wear her new outfit.
to listen well
“Yeah, hi Barry, long time listener first time caller, what do you think Portland Charlene’s chances are at being called up to big show this year?”
Today I did the first attack . . . spray can arsenal on boxboard templates I made a few days ago . . .
reality without God
I'm sure I heard the sounds of harps and strings as I poured the final drops of that second glass. Not long after, the 7.2% wrecking ball of an ABV made short work of my higher brain functions.
Lady Gaga’s got so much class
I ran to the lounge and found the girl muttering incoherently. Her breathing was laboured and she started convulsing.
But, honestly? Just for a moment there - a fraction of a moment - I think I saw a glimmer of what makes people believe in such things.
“You did not choose Me, but I chose you and appointed you that you should go and bear fruit, and that your fruit should abide…” (John 15:16, ESV)
“Really? Did Zoe break-up with Craig?!” I said—intrigued by the power.
Sorry, a little dark. For you crafty types, this is just a stretch elastic - I bet it would be easy to make. I love all the different shapes and textures on it.
Or: All along he had a basketball court behind the bedroom wall?
Happy New Year! May you have a wonderful year with many blessings everyday! Like many of you I have a few goals for this coming year. And yes, of course one of them is to 'get organized'.
So here's to a revolution, both of thought and in the physical world. Perhaps a small group of people really can change the world. I sure hope so!
Petals and Thorns
And, that is up from the 35% who thought so last quarter.
I Want A Dog For Christmas, Charlie Brown ... ABC ... 9 PM
I LOVE decorating my house for Fall!! I also LOVE doing crafts and I hope to do both of these BOO crafts! Aren't they cute? This weekend I spent lots of time looking through Source: craftaholicsanonymous.net via Jenieshell on Pinterest">Pinterest and found LOTS of cute FALL ideas!! It really makes me want to pull out those Fall decorations!
T-minus four days until I see Sophie.... getting very excited! I am absolutely shocked to say that the weather should be in the high 30's and upper 40's when I am there for the weekend (Calgary, AB).... when I went to Alberta to see Metro it was -50. Yes, you read that right.... NEGATIVE FIFTY. Thank god for better weather this time!!!
Once there I would woo her
Ellen Weber has some amazing gifts for facilitating inspiring meetings. No one touches her skills to crank up brainpower from entire groups. And she ends right on time or even early. On a whim, I jotted down several strategies Ellen seemed to pull from a hat to make this happen.
This light amber beer with a creamy white head provides the picture perfect “craft beer”. There is a pleasant aroma of malty sweetness and floral hop characters. The taste is initially sweet and then turns to a sort of spicy and bitter hop character that is noticeable but not overwhelming.
Here, on an industrial scale, to coin a phrase, the police were attempting to say “It’s a civil matter, Sir” as exemplified by Assistant Commissioner Yates’ review following further allegations by the Guardian where he reconsidered the whole matter of the 11,000 pages of evidence in an eight hour period before coming to the view that there was nothing new to look at or to justify the taking of further action at that time.
Edline Grade Symbols
(In memory of “Cowboy” Dan Johnson)
In reverse chronological order:
"L" brackets
Some unnamed sources have stepped up, and let some interesting details about the film slip out as they were probably packing their packs to get out of Scott’s way in he found out they discussed any aspect of the film. The following is what was told in full.
In these cities, the cyclists appear well-behaved, the motorcyclists are not. The drivers use a free flow style of driving. Red lights are some times adhered to while not.
I've been to most of the brewpubs in the area by now, and I think I can say that you are my favorite local brewpub. Congratulations!! I make this statement not just based on the beer, but also the food, atmosphere, and service. I'm glad to see lots of Belgians on at any given point. Last night there was a "berry lambic" on draft. Hell yeah!! It's so nice to see something like this brewed locally, and it was delicious. Also on was the Economizer, a 3.4% brew made from the second runnings on an IPA, which was dead on. Another thing that's great to see here - low ABV brews that are well made. Lafayette has the best house-made brews in the area I dare say. The building is fantastic and the ghost stories are even better. Ask any server and they will tell you one! The service is always great, except for last night which was the first time I've gotten bad service there. The bartender was rude and cold and probably said about 5 words to us. We went in just for dessert and it was excellent. Their food is always fresh, simple, well prepared, and most importantly, delicious!!
Think about these questions for yourself first. It will help you sort out how you really feel about the relationship between school and socialization.
Just to paint the scene in Court 26 today, I counted 14 bewigged barristers on the defendants’ side plus at least nine solicitors seated plus an estimate of 5-10 legal operatives. So about 30+ on the defendants’ side. Paddy had a much smaller contingent of barristers and solicitors. But it was truly wondrous to see the might of the legal profession deployed in this case. The case is being heard before a single judge, Mr Justice David Richards. Derek Quinlan himself turned up in the afternoon, full of the joys of Spring with trademark red pocket hankerchief, highly polished loafers and priest-black socks. Paddy McKillen himself was not in court today but is scheduled to start giving his evidence tomorrow first thing. The Barclay twins are not named respondents in the case, but their company is and it will be the company directors, which don’t include the Barclays themselves, who show up to give evidence. Paddy’s barrister took three hours to outline the opening arguments and the four lead defending barristers took two hours to outline their own opening arguments. NAMA’s barrister spoke for just over 60 seconds confirming NAMA’s interest in the proceedings.
He's back with us now and after an initial burst of energy he looks suitably 'pooped' from his eventful day and luckily he has no dressings on either..... we don't do bandages well!!
With all of the rumors swirling about the proposed BCS “playoff”, I am interested to hear what you feel would be the best solution to fixing the BCS and still preserving the tradition of bowl season.
You move CONSTANTLY. You bounce, jump, squirm, wiggle. But mostly bounce and jump.
I have the most beautiful Amaryllis blooms that have finally opened up.
It is all about making a buck.
2010.08.02 Afghanistan Faryab 4 3 Four civilians are cut to pieces by Taliban gunmen.
This seemed to only wind up the first voice. “Y’ha-nthlei!” it screeched. The speaker clawed at the air and as the moonlight caught a bit of his face, Michal recognised him as the manager of the LetsGo store.
Friday: Out
It is easy to become embroiled in the nomination discussion, but controversies surrounding the nomination process must be sampled with a grain of salt. No performer should place much merit on award nominations or critical reviews; if they do, they are in the wrong business. True professionals do theatre for the sake of the art form. Nominations are simply the icing on the cake, although they are very sweet to receive!
By Bobbie Wolgemuth (General Editor) Published by Thomas Nelson
Your eyes are like two jewels in the sky
Fang became a leading figure in the student movement in 1986-87, but the Chinese authorities who fired him from his university post said his speeches had incited unrest.
I started to morph from the sporty tomboy of freshman year (to this day people know me as the chick with the baseball caps) to a young woman who wasn’t as extreme as the pseudo model co-eds, but was developing what I thought in my mind, a more mature look. To truly achieve this, to truly become my more feminine and mature self, it was clear, my all-purpose athletic shoes had to be the first to go.
70%, and reduce recurrent
"When I mentioned the divine properties of Oregon grown hops, Our President didn't skip a beat," Worthington wrote. "'I’d like to try some of that.'''
When writing your resume, you don’t want to use the sort of language that’ll make you sound like everyone else. That means avoiding overused terms (e.g motivated, innovative, dynamic) and cliche phrases (e.g. detail oriented, team player, excellent communication skills). Also, terms like “references available upon request” are implied statements, waste space, and do not need to be on your resume. It helps to read your resume from bottom to top to help catch errors, and when you’re done you can run it through RezScore to find out where you can still improve.
when blood and skin dictated between chained wrists or polished silver.
01 Taking A Chance On Love
Scott Wolf is the Daily News’ beat writer for USC football. He has a blog. On the sidebar of this blog he’s included, probably proudly, the following description of himself:
Of course, that was all based on rising and spreading wealth and opportunity. Even though the Conservative administration devastated many communities and industries in the 1980s, across the UK in general, incomes actually rose. North Sea oil and the money generated from privatisation allowed for tax breaks and new opportunities for many who were not trapped in declining industrial towns and cities. Such places were written off by many, the government included, as having ‘failed to adapt’ and thus responsible for their own decline.
I'm bursting to tell you that in a mere 113 days I will be rejoining the MV Explorer for another voyage of discovery! This time we will be sailing around the Atlantic Ocean while living and learning on the ship. As many of you know, my time on Semester at Sea in 2006 was what started this blog in the first place. You can tell by the gap in posts that I've not been great about keeping it updated, but I'm stretching out the blogging fingers once again and recommitting to keeping up with it again.
I have been thinking a lot recently about Italo Calvino’s Invisible Cities (1972). It is pretty common to see the last lines of the book quoted, the part where Marco says to the Great Khan,
Prize money came in three ways: 2000 for winning the tournament, 200 for each girl scoring a goal in the first or last 7 minutes of a game, and 10 shillings for each story they wrote (GlobalGiving’s standard reward). When placed in the context of the other prizes, 2500 shillings ($30) from GlobalGiving essentially doubled the money going to local educational needs that day. And the value of these stories to TYSA in learning what these girls need is probably has much more value than what $30 could buy in any other form of community “evaluation.”
We dreamed of an open kitchen filled with sunlight. We dreamed of cozy corners and enough counter space for a gaggle of friends to gather. The problem became where to put it? For a few weeks, we thought about adding on. But an addition would block sunlight from the garden. Then fate decided to intervene.
We Do It All..
When I started this blog, it was mostly about food (hence name). For the first few years, I stuck to a fairly rigid schedule of two food posts and one whiskey post per week, but that started to break down as (1) I felt I had more interesting and original things to say about whiskey than food; and (2) I got fat and needed to cut down on things like doughnuts, pupusas and gelato.
Some teens only heard that brilliant guitar and Krist Novoselic's bass and Dave Grohl's drums, and didn't figure out what Cobain was screaming out to the world until they got older. I could dance to it. We could all dance to it. Most rock music didn't allow that. I myself was a hip-hop girl, and called a "wigger" for it because white girls in rich, preppy schools weren't supposed to love that music as much as I did. I wasn't rich or preppy, and had to defend myself a lot. I could have hidden it. After all, I hid the fact that I also loved country music, if it had enough twang and wasn't too poppy. But I hated hiding as much as I did. Cobain hid in plain sight.
so take a good look around
Back when my little gal was just a toddler, we purchased a GunVault Handgun Safe. Aside from a gun holstered on us, we felt it was a good compromise to keep a loaded gun ready for use while keeping it secure from a child. The No-Eyes keypad is easy to operate in the dark or without looking and the brief delay to get the firearm in hand is worth the security of keeping it out of hands it shouldn't be in. Our little gal is now sixteen and has access to firearms for self-protection in our home, a point which will probably be discussed in further depth as part of a future post.
The problem with the first statistic is that it assumes that all authors and all manuscripts are equal, and thus equally in competition with one another. But manuscripts fall into markets and genres, and the competition within each market or genre is different. Beyond that, the hard truth is that most of the manuscripts that are circulating at any given time are not commercially publishable (anyone who has ever looked at an agent's or publisher's slush pile will confirm this). Perhaps 10% even approach publishability; a much smaller percentage is actually marketable. If your manuscript is marketable--which really is the biggest "if" for writers whose goal is traditional publication--you aren't competing with every writer out there, just with the very small number whose work is also marketable. Your odds, in other words, are better than you think.
”Say uncle” is an expression here in the US used when two people are fighting and the person with the upper hand is trying to get the other one to concede defeat by saying, “uncle.”
I am a dandyism enthusiast
* donning the dress myself and taking self-portraits in Cindy Sherman style
A few weeks later they were on the phone again. “How’s it going?” enquired the father. “Great!” his son replied. “My work is good, the kids are fine, my wife and I are getting on famously and the dog is fully recovered.” So the father said, “Don’t worry, it will pass, it will pass.”
As always I had a lovely time, and I can't wait until our next meeting in March!
Look, all I’m saying is this- there is no reason to be so totally oblivious to the discontent, discord, and disharmony (I don’t care if that’s a word or not) in my life that can be directly linked to LoseNinja. So, if I can focus on that, then I can start to point to the things that are going to be better now that he’s no longer the major focal point in my life.
I am not trying to dump on youthful exuberance or their form of self-expression. What concerns me and many like me is many of the choices that being made show very little vision and are irreversible. It goes well beyond skinny jeans that will go out of style like the Jerri curl. Face and neck tattoos are becoming as important to your outfit as, a Gucci belt or a pair of Jordans. All while black unemployment is double the average of the rest of America. For some of the younger fashionistas reading this and wondering what one has to do with the other. Well if you have black or brown skin and you have tattoos that are in places that cannot be covered up by a polo shot, you’ve made a decision that may influence people who may not employ you. Unless you want to work at McDonalds, wash cars or cut grass.
favorite chefs is Ina Garten and I have each and everyone of her good books.
doctor
As mentioned, the News International spokesman said that Mr Bird unintentionally misled the court. Bearing in mind that Mr Bird offered a scenario explaining why the emails could not be produced, which scenario turns out to be wrong, this seems, to me, to be the area most likely to lead to one of the witnesses at the Sheridan trial appearing in the dock charged with perjury.
Pebbles supplies used:
FWB: Friend With Beta Blockers
My hero
Favorite Activities: I like to participate in neighborhood organization meetings.
Anyway, Easter was still a blast!! Now, I would like y’all to tell me a little about your Easter celebration and send me some cool pictures!! you can send your pictures to deebeedeborahblog@yahoo.com along with your name and the details of the picture and I’ll feature them right here next week, SO START SENDING!!! xoxo
After 40 days that there were almost no changes at all, something wonderful happened!
The Basics
I love this Easter story! It holds so much about LIFE for us to remember….
If you are an attentive reader, you may have picked up on my choice of words: ”The first sex toy that I ever bought…”
objective of building towards the recreation of a relevant and viable anarchist movement that is able to insert itself into social struggles, winning the leadership of ideas and fostering the cultures of resistance. We believe that this process of regroupment is essential to that objective." They trace their roots back to "the federalist, anti-authoritarian sections of the First International", and "In contemporary terms we believe this particular tradition to be best represented by the specifist conception of social anarchism."
The flumpy silver jackets.
Today is the knowledge that
It was a fine evening graced by Buffy Sainte-Marie, a woman who lived a long rich life of learning, artistry, community giving and uncompromising courage.
Actually, that’s a lie…he added about triple that amount. Did I let the prospect of my arteries clogging by just looking at the dishes? Pshaw, you don’t know me that well! I double fisted!
9. "Trailer Ras"
The die cuts, the stickers, the cream damask paper, and the silver-grey patterned paper are all from the Story of Us scrapbook kit... such gorgeous designs in there!
Roxana
And every fair from fair sometime declines,
Tens of thousands of anti-war demonstrators are expected to gather in Chicago to protest the summit.
She went to the message board part of the site and wrote.
Recording and mastering is credited on the back cover to Columbia. But pressing is credited on the label to "Record Service".
One such place is Compania Do Sanduiche (which translates from Portuguese as “The Sandwich Company”) in Cliffside Park. “Sanduiche” as I and my friends refer to the place, is a Brazilian spin on fast food dining. Here American-style burgers and sandwiches are transformed into interesting and unexpected flavor combinations and textures, along with some traditional snacks that Brazilians enjoy and love.
Both stories address relationships, but Harry Potter deals with the companionable and maternal depth of love. Twilight addresses the thrill of infatuation, the dark internal longing of romance, and the seductive powers of youth and beauty, concepts that typically appeal to females.
Beyond them is the GW store, boxes of Forgeworld stacked behind the till, and behind me in this picture is the famous Bugmans Bar:
I seem to be developing a taste for supernatural police procedurals. After discovering and loving Ben Aaronovitch's Rivers of London and Moon over Soho last year and Scott Sigler's Nocturnal last month, this month it was Justin Gustainis' Evil Dark and its protagonist Stan Markowski's turn. I had a tremendous amount of fun with this book. Its writing and tone of voice hooked me from the first page and by the end of the book I was disappointed that it was over so soon, as I would have happily spent another three hundred pages with its characters.
Condition is important, though, in these dolls. Collectors favor dolls with strings at the back of their necks, instead of clips. This shows that a doll was manufactured before a certain date, and was manufactured in Germany rather than Asia. Dolls that can stand on their own are favored as well, because if they cannot stand, then they are in need of some repair inside the body (known as "re-stringing"). Of course, surface blemishes are taken into account. Marks, scratches, etc can hurt the value of a doll.
It's all fascinating stuff. There were no ideas in this book which I didn't already know about but I loved reading about the evidence, research and experimentation which back them up. Some bits made me say wow, or laugh out loud. In mammals, there are two nerves running from the brain to the larynx. One goes straight there, the other goes down to the heart, loops around the aorta and back up again. In a giraffe, that's a bloody big detour. It's like that because of the way mammals have evolved from fish, and how each part of the body has evolved from some earlier organ. In sharks, the equivalent nerves don't have a detour. Oh you know what, I'm explaining this really badly - best to read the book yourself. But the point Dawkins is making with this chapter is that a so-called 'intelligent designer' would not have designed mammalian bodies like this. A designer would have gone back to the drawing board and routed the nerve sensibly. But evolution can't do that. It has to make do with tiny, step by step changes, and each change has to be an improvement on the last. So the nerve can't evolve a new route because the intermediate steps would be worse than before, not better. Once it finds itself looped around the aorta it just has to keep stretching as the giraffe's neck lengthens.
I picked up g-son from pre-school and stopped by the post office on the way home to mail bills for the week. With gas fast approaching $4.00 a gallon I am putting more thought into organizing my trips to town. Hubbie filled his truck up on Wednesday night while we were out and payed $3.85, I filled my van up the next day and payed $3.90, a nickle overnight price hike. Plus as gas goes up so does everything else.
I think less is more. Therefore the collection of red and beige candles will be 86'd from my fireplace soon enough. Cause I really really really don't like over done, over accessorized and random crazy colors like teal, red, oranges and yellow and random spots. Again, I like the subtlety and zen. =D
If you need an easy gift for a sister or friend for Mother's Day, try monogramming a tray! I want one too!
