A shot of my determinate or bush varieties of ROMA tomatoes.....they are my favourite type! Awesome salsa, awesome sauce, awesome flavour! I tie up their cages usually in more than one spot as they eventually fall over with the weight of their fruit....
And amorous turmoil
Here's the pics
Doctor: Don't you know that's evil? Don't you know it's murder?
While in studio with Street in January 1987 re-recording "Sheila Take A Bow", the band took the time to lay down a couple takes of this track (prior to the main Strangeways, Here We Come LP sessions in April 1987). What sets this apart from the Strangeways version is the pronounced reggae-ness of the instrumentation (no, there aren't any steel drums). Goddard says the first two takes of this from the January '87 sessions featured this Jamaican interpretation, which we have here, and Moz's vocal is a bit rough around the edges (of course he'd tighten it up later on).
Another bright, sunny -- chilly -- day. The garden, after all of last week's rain seems to be happy. The lilacs are about to burst into full bloom; the bushes have their new, soft green and red leaves (the Red Robin variety); the fruit trees are covered in blossoms and my jardinieres are overflowing with pansies after a rough winter when I was sure they didn't make it. One box is all blues and pale purply hues, the other a rich, luminous yellow with a few unexpected orange-y petals.
The critters on the left then finally built up the nerve to advance and occupy the ruins vacated by the slinkers in front of them. From the security of that position, they fired another volley of grubs at squad Autry. None of the humans were injured by the grubs, but once again, they had to stop shooting to make sure they scraped away any grubs that did land on them before they could burrow under their clothing.
Last week we had our first gathering for the year. We hired a BBQ pontoon boat and spent a beautiful saturday cruising around the Georges River. Lots of eating, drinking, fishing, and all round contentment (and lots of laughter after I proclaimed I would be a natural sea-goer: “my ancestors come from an island and are sea-men and fishermen”, and then was the only one to get sea sick. Ha-bloody-ha).
I rode the bus today to work. What have you done today?
And you talk about anything.
Ben Shapiro's assessment of the memo.
Kudos to San Francisco designers, Mike and Maaike who have designed a simple reclaimed hardwood bookshelf with 7 carved notches to display the world’s most influential religious texts ingeniously on the same level.
Of course you know we are in Concord awaiting a second surgery for Russ-prostate. Date is April 5. I have been having trouble with posting lately and am trying one more time. Two weeks ago we spent a sunny spring day in San Francisco seeing my friend, Joy Bloom, at the De Young Museum in Golden Gate Park. (we know each other from the pool at the YMCA)
Through the birth of the Ever-Virgin, through Her only-begotten Son and God, cursed and outcast mankind makes peace with God Who is immeasurably offended by man’s sins, for Christ became the mediator of this peace (cf. Rom. 5:10-11).
"I’m well plugged in, but I cannot think of anything bold or exciting about Adrian Dix. And where did Jane Sterk of the B.C. Greens go? If she can’t exploit the weakness in the B.C. Liberals and lack of enthusiasm for the NDP in these times, that’s a failed franchise opportunity for sure."
I read this as part of the classics month challenge hosted by Katherine of November's Autumn. I haven't done the prompt yet which is about the period of the book. I think it would be fairly interesting to discuss but not sure if I will manage it this month. See what my schedule is like when I get it tomorrow. Otherwise, I highly recommend this classic. Don't be fooled by the frivolous sound of the blurb. Oh, and yes, this is another Vintage classics cover.
Once play resumed after the 9/11 terrorist attacks a decade ago, Mets players had violated a similar MLB edict mandating the standard uniform be worn. Over MLB objections, Mets players wore hats of the FDNY, NYPD and other agencies in 2001.
4Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;
This is why salads are bad for you.
Sayers, Dorothy L. Clouds of Witness. London: Hodder & Stoughton, 1926.
Van Raighan gave him a longer frown, then turned back to the Sherriff. The thief’s face was red, twisted with emotion, maybe even terror. “He’s my brother, Sherriff! What else could I do? They said I could have him back if I got them twenty rods.”
until the flood came
HOWEVER... I did use 2 different cartridges on this card, so I can cross 2 more off of my Resolution List. And I'm a HUGE fan of these tiny sentiment stamps that I got from Pink by design - they fit anywhere! If nothing else, this 'eh' feeling is driving me to something great again. Hopefully I can stay up late enough tonight to make something! We'll see...
Kay Scarpetta is a forensic pathologist, not a detective. Cornwell, as Foreshaw maintains, “cannily spotted that there was a need for something other than policemen or private detectives in the crime novel, but can hardly have suspected that her combination of an ‘alternative profession’ and a single-minded, beleaguered heroine would prove quite so groundbreaking.”
They have been coming to the cat hospital with their 3 Oriental Shorthairs for many years, and now just have one Grannie cat left and Teri thought they might like having a slinky youngster around for fun. She told them about Clem, and they waited while he went through 'rehab'...
1 c coffee
NEXT! The house *sigh* Our Realtor is an idiot and how she's been selling house for 15 years, is beyond me! She knew nothing about the credit we get if the contract is signed before April 30th and she showed us a house that wouldn't work for us at all! When we told her it wouldn't work, she kept trying to sell it to us! My dad, Dirty and myself were all standing outside talking while she was inside telling my aunt and uncle all the "great" things about the house. We totally checked out within five minutes of seeing the house because we knew it wouldn't work for us. The house we put an offer on, is still in the works. We're in escrow...again, but the last time we were in escrow there were complications with inspection. I'm hoping that everything has been resolved and we will sail through escrow, get the contract signed by the end of April and take possession in mid May. I'm trying to be low key about it, but I am really really for really reals SO excited about it! I'm keeping my excitement in check, but I am praying this is IT.It just seems like the perfect house for all of us. *crossing fingers*
On November 3, 1988, the Denver Federal Court system ruled that indeed the banks had defrauded the Baskervilles and proceeded to reverse its bankruptcy decision. But when the foreclosed property was not returned they filed a new lawsuit. Eventually, 23 other farmers, ranchers, and Indians swindled by the banks in the same manner would join in the case.
King of Cups, do you not feel
I've had a couple of hugely successful sales of my own too. My last one had me walk away with $600 and I had no big ticket items or furniture amongst it. Might make my next blog on how to have a killer sale!
9p- The Big Bang Theory
Ryann was trying to drag that laundry basket around the house, telling me she was goign to go switch the laundry. I hope her enthusiasm for that continues when she is actually big enough to help! She also decided mommy and Ryann needed to wear headbands. Chris snapped that picture before he left for work. Yes, the first two both happened before 7am... We went out to lunch with grammy where Ryann concentrated really hard on her coloring. The weather was great after nap so we had snack on the porch and colored with sidewalk chalk. Ryann had a lot of fun playing a little alphabet game we made. I wrote the letters all over the driveway and had her find different letters, find them in order, etc. Cheap, easy, educational fun.
Ed is wrapping up his service to RTDNA/F, and he's in Las Vegas this week as a part of the RTDNA@NAB convention. He was RTDNA chairman before moving to the same role at the Foundation side of things.
As I see it, these new policies are nothing more than another effort by the administration to avoid responsibility, much like the zero-tolerance policy I wrote about awhile back. The district doesn't want to be held responsible if something goes wrong, and they're afraid of lawsuits if, for example, a teacher gives a student some bad advice, or a parent misinterprets an email or text message. The new policies give them a crutch in court, as they can now point to a written policy manual and simply deny responsibility by claiming that the teacher was acting in violation of the official rules of conduct. Thanks for your support, administration...I guess I thought we were supposed to be a team, united and acting together in the best interest of the kids. I must have missed the memo that explained how covering your own asses fits in with that team atmosphere we're supposed to be building here...
Upon completing the journals, William discovers Stefan is the vampire priest. Desperate to end his suffering, Stefan pleads with William to use the crucifix, and dagger contained within, to kill him. Stefan’s fate rests in the hands of William, who must choose if his pity for the priest is worth risking his life, or his mortality.
After that, everything depends on how the offender answers/reacts. Remember, though, a gun in your pocket doesn’t make you right, nor does it make you law enforcement. That being said, one of the reasons to use deadly force against someone is to prevent a serious offense(rape, murder,etc) against persons. Let us analyze further. You were unprovoked. You could have walked away. Nobody is the wiser.
Sunday morning we woke up to the same. No lesson learnt.
I decided I had a pretty strong urge to live and ended up making the BEST BATCH of cinnamon rolls to date…because yeah I kinda rock like that.
My full sleeve was what I considered the 'point of no return'. From this moment forward, there would be no more hiding my tattoos if necessary. By this point in my life, I had decided to make a career change; leaving my desk job and entering the cosmetology industry. I knew that (luckily) it was a field where tattoos are accepted, if not expected...so I decided to go full speed ahead.
Thick old curtains
(I'm hoping not to read them until the plane ride to Italy, as a treat.)
”I don’t know what you are talking about. Excuse me” he tried to move out of the way but the old man persisted.
Location: Dare County, NC
excerpts
Late last week – in a statement that went almost entirely unremarked in the European media – Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan made the Opposition’s fears official: he wants to transform Turkey’s parliamentary system into a presidential one. Erdogan told business site Bloomberg that the proposal could be put to a national referendum at some point after parliamentary elections this summer, where his governing AK Party is odds-on to win a third straight victory. This isn’t exactly slowly, slowly catchy monkey: Erdogan is moving at one helluva lick towards his goal of authoritarian power.
After nearly a year and a half of attending RCIA classes I am excited at the approach of the Lenten season and Easter. At which point I will be baptized, take first communion and officially become Catholic. The Baptismal font at our church is sunken down a few steps and large enough for an adult to kneel in why the priest pours water over their head. Since no baptismal are done during lent it is very likely that I will be the next person to be baptized.
The word was in the beginning with God. John 14, says that the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us and we saw his glory; the glory of the son of God. Jesus is that son of God that was made flesh.
"The drops may sting a little," He warns me brusquely. "Here is a tissue for your face." My eyes are watering and dripping down my cheeks. I take the tissue and wonder how that all just happened.
I should actually look harder..
Half of the group was randomly assigned to a doodling condition where they shaded printed shapes while listening to the telephone call.
Independence Cake
Pretty, pretty crochet!!!
Tiny Tags stamp set, Medium jewelry Tag punch, Real Red, Pretty in Pink,
The last time any athlete attempted to win more than three medals was Marion Jones’ “Drive for Five” at the Sydney Games of 2000. She won the 100/200 double and ran a leg on the victorious 4x4. But she couldn’t find her form in the long jump finishing in the bronze position; and injury to teammate Inger Miller left her off the 4x1 and doomed the team to bronze there as well – showing just how quickly poor fortune can derail the medal hunt.
Amorphously coalesce
The legs move alternately, with one leg kicking downward while the other leg moves upward. While the legs provide only a small part of the overall speed, they are important to stabilize the body position. This lack of balance is apparent when using a pull buoy to neutralize the leg action.
Gareth Patterson, South Africa's "lion man" who played a pivotal role in the exposure of canned hunting in the 1990s, said this week carnivore experts had predicted back then that the lion bone trade would take off.
It’s time to send the liars packing. It’s time to regain our fiscal and environmental sanity.
Kenneth W: What would you personally like to change about nerd culture?
Yes, hang Kasab, Afzal and Rajiv Gandhi’s assassins’ pictures in parliament! If we are so hesitant to hang these proven assassins and murderers and killers, at least hang their pictures in the parliament. India would, in effect, then – technically at least – be seen doing something. Status quo cannot be sustained for long – like in all things in the world. By this we would – as desired so desperately – be demonstrating to the world that India upholds a human’s right to live at all cost! So what if these so-called humans in question are terrorists? So what if Ajmal Kasab’s madness as a mass murderer was caught on CCTV cameras and broadcast live to all corners of the world?! So what if Afzal Guru, a self-confessed once-upon-a-time-active-terrorist-but-now-a-passive-terrorist orchestrated the deadly attack on the Parliament of India – the prime institution which epitomizes what our country stands for: a sovereign and a democratic nation?! So what if the LTTE mercenaries assassinated the former prime minister of India – Rajiv Gandhi – for sending peace-keeping forces in Sri Lanka?! So what if scores of people’s lives – people around these named victims – got extinguished and their families’ lives getting massively impacted, changing the definition of life for them forever because of the dastardly deeds of these so-called humans, the lives of whom we are now so desperately trying to protect?!
I still think that any fight that Yuk Yuk’s has with it’s competition is petty and useless – kind of like… hey, no need for name calling. And the way that the other clubs look at Yuk’s is the same thing. In the long run more clubs benefit more comics, which benefits more audiences with benefits the clubs – see how that works. It reminds me of a presentation Steve Jobs (you may have heard of him) gave at a Macworld conference in Boston and introduced Bill Gates on screen to talk about a deal between Microsoft and Apple. The crowd booed, it might well have been Emmanuel Goldstein (a 1984 reference). But Steve Jobs said something profound – we don’t need Microsoft to lose for us (apple) to win. We will succeed on our own merits.
Many will hand over the controls of the human body to another human BEing and follow the instructions given to them, all the while out of balance. It is not possible for another human BEing to know what YOUr body needs for they do not inhabit YOUr body, do you understand our guidance?
Me: Right? You know that? Two lanes, one two, uno dos? One for you one for the other people driving?
“The Netherlands and Belgium are more crowded than Japan or Taiwan, but nobody says Japan or Taiwan will solve this RACE problem by bringing in millions of third worlders and quote assimilating unquote with them.”
RECIPE (serves 4):
Walter Dix, though disappointed in the loss, was rewarded by moving to #2 all-time American, with the #2 time – moving none other than Tyson Gay back a slot! Only MJ’s Atlanta win is faster among Americans. And he will have to take solace in knowing that this was the best 1-2 finish ever in the event. But for Dix this is also the second time in his last two big 200’s that he has finished second – having also done so in Daegu behind Bolt’s 19.40. His times of 19.70 & 19.53 are better for two races than anyone else had done the past two years – including Bolt who was 19.86/19.40 this year and 19.76/19.56 last year. But I have to say to Walter, that if he wants to win these races in the future he’s going to have to run taller. He may the best turn over machine in the business – but he sits in the “bucket” and looks like he’s riding a spin bike. He’s going to have to get up on his toes and run tall and get a bit more extension in that stride of his – because if everyone comes to the table next year this race is going to be ON!
B In the order in which the events happen
New York Times
From my last posts you can see I have had the the bug for Gorkamorka, and been collecting minis from eBay. Well in my spare time I have been painting them up, and doing a bit of converting. I have also gotten a new toy form my self. I picked up a Tablet to play with. No it is not an apple iPad!!!!! The only way I will own an apple product if I am given one.
10. World Book Encyclopedia, volume C-Ch & more, 1979.
This is definitely not a just before bedtime read: the evil of the shadow, the various automatons, the question of what happened to Alma, and the house are all written with an eye towards creating that shivver that won't quit. The pacing was a little odd at times, but younger readers may not notice. The epilogue could have been done without, but it does give some closure to Irene's story.
You say after and I say awfter;
But when the God we worship shares a striking resemblance to us…there’s bound to be trouble.
The 06:12am worm, Yes the birthday girl is up, not quite five hours into her 7th year and she’s ready to embrace life as a 7 year old, hungry for fashion, art, crafts, photography, whatever a seventh year can throw at her in the most splendid way.
Kelly Kelly Vs Brie Bella for the WWE Divas Title is up now.
Seated Back Extension: 15 @ 70 lbs; 20 @ 70 lbs
Bigger than the clear color would indicate, but more bland than expected. I like Marzen-style beers to be a little spicier, to feel a little more like Fall. This one, is just kind of bland.
Of course, one of the reasons that Trotsky had introduced militarisation of labour on the railways was precisely because the rail workers were one of the most educated and advanced sections of the class, and their support for the Mensheviks was long established. It was a means of undermining opposition within the class to the Bolshevik Government. As David Law wrote many years ago one of the reasons that it was Stalin, and not Trotsky, who was able to win the support of workers, within the Bolshevik Party, was precisely because, during all this earlier period, Trotsky had shown little concern for pushing the interests of the workers against the bureaucrats. It is for the same reason, as Trotsky himself admits, that it was to him, rather than Stalin, who those bureaucrats first turned in search of their own champion within the party. Critique 2, published in 1973 on the 50th Anniversary of the Declaration of the 46, carried an article by David Law entitled “The Left Opposition in 1923”. In it he writes,
The second photo is from my camera. If I take a photo at just the right angle, you can see the sparkle of the silver thread but you may have to click on it to enlarge it.
I had my eye on this book for awhile, but for lack of money and when I did get money, it went to replenishing my comic book collecition, it took me a while to get this. But when I did, it was expensive. I mean ... it was completely worth the wait. The plotting and the developement of the main characters seems to be the authors strong point; there were plenty of minor characters who were easily confused with eachother and I am pretty sure that I had a question mark hanging in the sky above my head whenever one of them was mentioned. But there shall be no more moaning from this point on - I have mentioned any flaws that I can currently recall.
Row 10: ch3 (counts as a first dc), *(dc in the space between two sc in previous row, ch1)* repeat from *, join with a sl st in the top of ch3
$100 Gift Certificate to Omaha Steaks
Kitchen Witch--Please email your address so I can send Teeny's vintage lemon coin purse.
Over the past few weeks, I’ve done my best to pour my heart and soul into everything I’ve written here, and I think it’s done me a tremendous amount of good. I’ve become terribly fond of the people I’ve met on here, though our communication has been limited at best. I have been able to devote a lot of time to writing and talking to people because I haven’t had my usual relationship responsibilities, or the demands of students and administration and university red tape. But, when I get back, it will be the usual grind. Office hours. Students popping in to ask me questions. Research deadlines. Manuscripts to revise and submit. Other manuscripts to review. Meetings. More research deadlines. Code. Analysis. More meetings. More deadlines. Papers to grade. More students. More deadlines. Then when the day is over, I will need to spend time with Ashley.
As I began Need You More by Beth Wiseman I was completely unfamiliar with the author and outside of a very brief synopsis the story itself. The story takes place in Round Top, a very small rural Texas town, and centers on the family that has just re-located there from the city. While initially Brad, Darlene, and their children appear to be the “perfect” family, that facade will quickly begin to fade away as issues appear that neither Mom/Dad nor Husband/Wife could have imagined.
This outfit I thought was more girly than the others, therefore I directed my model to be in more inclosed areas of the forest as the colours of the outfit would make her stand out. What I thought was effective about these photographs was how you can even see the rain in some of them when zoomed in. I really like the one where she’s looking around, it creates a sense of adventure I think.
Here are the cards that were part of the evening's class. Super cute cards! We got to play with the new stamps that are a cling foam mount formulation. Pretty buttons & pearls that I know I am going to *have* to have. New satin ribbon that is so pretty and matches the ink and I'm not sure if it also matches the paper. Will let you know about that with my next post. The ink is pigment, but acts like chalk ink. Very nice and love the colors! The new dies are absolutely fabulous! Can't wait to get my hands on several of those. :-) My firsts will be the clouds and butterflies. Maybe even the stocking die because I can use that for Christmas cards. The mittens are also big enough for cards too. Very cool! A Muse has a scoring board with one channel for scoring that I can't wait to check out more closely. We used it to make a box, but I want to play with it some more. They have also added washi tape to their catalog. So nice! Anyway... here are their cards. My take on their cards will be posted tomorrow or Tuesday.
“Oh wow. You kicked me square in the nuts. I bet that means that you have a problem with me.”
It has been said that it takes a thief to know a thief. If that implies that only those with similar thoughts can be recognized and accepted, then where would you be recognized and accepted? Would you be of the world, or would you be of God?
And remember that when you have the audience rooting for your characters, you can pretty much get away with anything. You can even ignore some of the things I preach all the time because if we’re desperately rooting for the characters, the structure isn’t as important. We just want to see the characters win, regardless of the mechanics beneath them. The closeness of this family really helped in that sense. I read on because I wanted to see them survive.
We always seem to be madly making Christmas cards in November and December and worry we will not get enough made so we thought this week's challenge would give you a head start!
The past is the past, and I wish, yet I know, I can’t do anything about it. So I dare not to bother dwelling about it. Won’t do me any good.
Sunday September 21, 2008
Last, but certainly not least, we stopped at a place called Salamon Voyage. It’s a taxi park where people wait for buses to come along and take them to other cities in Cameroon. It also has a chop house in the back where people who are waiting for the next bus can get some food. I wanted to go there because I heard they have good soya, a dish with cut up bits of steak meat. It was delicious. It tasted just like a steak from back home. Dayyibu did the ordering and I just sat down and waited. It cost 500 francs (a little over a dollar) to get a dish that had probably about a third pound of meat. They also give you a plate that has a little bit of salt and pepe (a pepper similar to cayenne) on it. You eat the meat with your fingers (with your right hand) and can dip it into the salt/pepe. Dayyibu I and split three orders of the meat and we each had a cup of hot tea. The tea was very good and sweet, with lots of sugar. All in all the whole meal cost a little less than 5 dollars between the two of us and filled me up pretty well. The area where the giant meat slaps are cut up looked pretty unsanitary but hey, that’s what the fire is for. Joan said as long as the food is still hot when you get it, you’ll be okay. Never eat something that isn’t hot except for fruits that have not been peeled yet. They’re still okay.
with another..
and let the seals watch me
Beckie
200-300 £5.39
Price & Associates Inc.
3 reproduction
The fuchsia upholstery on the wing back chair, and the colorful chandeliers, the natural wood armoire
Note: if you aren’t seeing the new features yet, just wait a bit. They are rolling it out at 8AM EST today, so you should see the features enabled soon.
Fine art purists might dismiss Bennett's covers as being merely illustrative, but that's to ignore their formal qualities as pictures. The covers of The Man with the Getaway Face, The Jugger and The Handle stand as works of art, ones which could happily adorn any wall. And even if one were to take them simply as illustrations, they still show a keen mind at work in the choices Bennett makes; that Jugger cover neatly summarises the small town setting of the novel, the urban paraphernalia offset by the good-ol'-boy sheriff. Where many covers, particularly in the crime fiction field, opt for quite literal interpretations of the particular material – a gumshoe, a moll – Bennett, though still figurative in approach, is quite happy to mix near-abstract elements with scenes lifted from the page.
Watch the Knicks take down the Heat tonight.
Not having the original driver disks, it was obviously not going to be as simple as just watching what goes over the wire and blindly repeating it, and spending a few minutes searching for USB Hamster drivers for XP, or Vista came up blank.
“AAM on Starseeds, Service and Enlightenment,” April 26, 2012, at http://the2012scenario.com/2012/04/aam-on-starseeds-service-and-enlightenment/ . In this article, I post the audiotape of the portion of my April 25 reading in which AAM discusses the transition we can expect.
The others beneath had the exact opposite problem- MUSH! Mushy noodles. Not terrible but not good. It didn't ruin the whole thing luckily. I just ate the last bit I brought with me today.
shapes in and out of a block
over a year ago.
Put the olive oil into a skillet, and heat over medium heat.
I believe that one of the reasons the world never changes is that, for the most part, human beings have the tendency to say to themselves, "Why am I the one who has to bend over backwards to accommodate these clowns? They should get it together!" That's why Jesus was such a radical. He said to everyone, "No. You have to love them as you love yourself. You have to change to behave that way. Chances are it won't change them. But it will change you."
Christmas and New Years have come and gone. Santa's reindeer enjoyed one of our very best purple carrots, and to celebrate the end of a fantastic year we popped open our first bottle of mulberry wine. It tasted nothing like wine should, in fact it tasted more like a rough whiskey. The kind of hard liquor that burns a hole in your stomach and puts hair on your chest. Not sure what went wrong there. None the less, we awoke alive on the other side of 2011. Perhaps it would make a better cleaning agent for burnt bottomed saucepans, blocked drains, a pesticide or even a biofuel for running our car...
And once again, as you run out, I feel the shock
These times are indicated in second fraction, here i show you some:
Nate pointed out that a common theme in many articles and features in Kinfolk -and in many of the blogs and magazines we all probably read- seems to feature urbanites escaping from the city to the county to reconnect with nature, reconnect with each other, reconnect with themselves. It's so true that for many of us urban dwellers, the daily grind fantasy lies in the escape to the country. Let's call it Arcadian Escapism. (Guilty as charged.)
Make sure you come and see it won't you?
I have a bazillion emails, messages, voice mails, comments, phone is ringing off the hook. I’m so very, very touched by the love and support and I wish I could answer each and every one, but I am completely, completely drained right now physically and emotionally. I want to spend every possible moment with my little Nora. Please keep us in your prayers. We need prayers for strength and peace more than ever right now.
The incident has caused outrage in the Chinese student community across the country and Xuan’s initial post was re-tweeted more than 10,000 times. Thousands of Chinese students have expressed their disgust online.
She has had many pug dogs over the years.. Most were the usual buff color but I am sure her favorite was Libby. My sister got Libby when she was just a puppy - really just a little ball of black fur with a very pink tongue sticking out... Libby is no longer with us due to extreme old age. She was full of love and a wonderful companion.
March 25 TBA, Chicago IL
trade and department
One night, those friends and I wound up drunk on a pull-out couch.
I asked her to take a picture of me and the kids to show him at the nursing home where he now lived.
This often spells missed opportunity for in-house marketers to leverage the many channels available to them throughout the company to help them reach their goals.
Whilst many decry Second Life and its relevancy for brands stating the small population, limited reach, its inability to scale, the passionate audiences, the sheer difficulty of positioning the message in just the right way to enhance the environment and peoples enjoyment of it. I would argue that this is precisely what makes Second Life in particular and many other web 2.0 applications the perfect place for marketers.
So, the nurse assessed him, starting with his head and neck. When she felt the back of his neck, he said, "Ouch." Everyone went into freak-out mode at that point. They grabbed a collar for him, gently rolled him onto a board and ordered xrays of his neck and spine.
I fetched the meds and some orange juice and chatted a bit about the morning editorials before resuming my duties at the stove.
what I am suggesting is that ENDA might not deserve the tremendous expense of political capital that it is getting to the exclusion of other avenues of change. What other strategic priorities that improve the lives of the most LGBT people should we pursue? Healthcare equality is one idea.
What will be the workload requirement for the winning members:
What is your commitment to God? You can judge that by your commitment to ministry, to the Church, and to serving others. Think about it. The fruit of our faith should be active. We should be ‘Bible-doing’ and not just ‘Bible-reading‘. It is my job to ask the hard questions and to help you with the answers. Here’s a hard question… Are you making a difference? You probably already know the answer, but if you are not serving the Lord and others, then friend, you are probably not making a difference.
Dries Van Noten gold shoes, Smock €415
So what’s different today? We still have billboards, televisions, radios, and magazines (and all the other channels we’ve always had). These channels haven’t changed much. Sure, TV turned colorful and then high definition, but really has it changed? What changed everything was the adoption of the internet, and with that came a whole new set of marketing channels: websites, internet banners, social networks, etc. It wasn’t just the addition of more marketing channels, though. These ones are different.
The bag is a nice addition as it kept all my other groceries safely contained in the trailer, but I suppose any appropriately sized duffel bag would do.
Yes! Pam has invited me to join her My Creative Scrapbook family, and I can finally shout it! This is really huge for me. She is trusting me to help promote her cream of the crop kit club. What an incredible honor (and confidence boost)! I couldn't be happier about it and can't wait to get started.
EDIT: Yes, I changed it again. As much as I liked having the buttons and gadgets out of the way, they were just too inaccessible. I really think Dynamic Views could have given SOME sort of hint as to what the different buttons are rather than some sort of vague picture (something which seems prevalent in many sites these days). If they ever do improve these issues, I might go back to it. Fair warning.
You can breathe.
- No colors, synthetic fragrances or animal by-products
Furthermore, after around the mid-1850s it was highly unlikely that an individual would be appointed directly as a station master, as railway companies increasingly preferred these posts to be filled by individuals who had risen through the ranks. Thus, by this time potentially poor station masters were usually weeded out before they reached that post. For example, William Mears was appointed directly as ‘agent’ on the opening of Winchfield
On the 31st July 1997, the newly-elected Home Secretary, Jack Straw, asked retired judge, Sir William Macpherson of Cluny, ‘to inquire into the matters arising from the death of Stephen Lawrence, in order particularly to identify the lessons to be learned for the investigation and prosecution of racially motivated crimes.’8 Published in February 1999, the Macpherson Report can rightly be regarded as a landmark in race relations in the UK. The near unanimous acceptance of its assumptions and conclusions by the Labour government represents a major victory for those who are striving to undermine long-established British institutions and accomplish the final destruction of the United Kingdom.
B: Leggenda
We had a nice Christmas dinner together of turkey, potatoes, rolls, corn, and Christmas jello. It was delicious like always. After dinner, we were able to get a family picture with everyone. It will soon be out of date come February :)
My poor DH had the misfortune of being born in California. Both his parents are native born Texans but his Dad was in the Navy and stationed in California after he came back from WWII. They had to stay out there after he was discharged, until he could earn enough money to move back home to Texas and so DH was six months old before he got to Texas. Not sure if he can ever be President of Texas but oh well….his blood is Texan!
– The hitting was solid. No over-the-top pops, although Rod Harland stood out for his enthusiasm in putting people on the ground.
Note
I love Facebook! Well, loved it before someone decided to jack it up. Grr!
Which he needed and I needed.
Jason M. King
But in the garden this morning everything is bright.
I was surprised to discover so many new Halloween items. The selection is quite large in comparison to last year! I plan on picking up a few more things before October arrives :) This is what I've collected thus far...
I am not going to! I know many of you have also received these awards, and some of you do not wish to accept them, so I have decided to have a five prize giveaway instead!
I also like wandering through the Kooples stores in the Marais. They're not crowded and everything is - 50 %.
From the looks of it, he’d been doing more than thinking. “Yeah?” I asked.
I am SO happy to have a powerful Voice from the Shine list speak this year. She has spoken at the wonderful Toronto Unschooling Conference for the past two years. This past year, I was so touched and moved and inspired by her talk, that I asked her to share it with her Shining Peeps at our conference!!
A dream…
Instead I addressed a remark to the little girl to the effect that she looked like she wanted to chase the pigeons. Clearly this was a faux pas as Cerrie immediately looked horrified and backed away from the now flying pigeons. So consumed with embarassment I retreated back into ignore mode. I shall assume this as default if confronted with a celeb in a playground again. Unless it's Hugh Laurie of course.
During the last day of the convention, I had a lot of down time to explore the convention and I bought a little hat that embodies Gothic Lolita style so well and that I absolutely adore. I debated for a while whether I should buy something from h.Naoto’s booth (a purchase got you an autograph and a picture with him) but I decided against it, as his items were, albeit very beautiful, very expensive! This meant nothing by the end of the day though, as I was the fourth out of about twenty people in line for autographs with h.Naoto (compared to about two-hundred for Moi Dix Mois!) and I got to speak to him once more.
Sunday morning I was stable enough that they moved me to the maternity special care unit where I would stay until I delivered the babies. We didn’t know if that would be a few days or a few weeks, but we were hoping for the latter. I was allowed to finally get up, only to use the bathroom, and I could shower for 5 minutes a day. It was a lot of freedom compared to how I was monitored at the birthing unit. So many friends and family visited with me throughout the days I was in the hospital and on Monday night my mom came to watch the Bachelorette with me…the last show I would watch before becoming a mom.
Andrew Dice Clay (The Adventures of Ford Fairlane)
After doing some research I decided that SKIDOO just hadda've been one of those typical late-sixties "Now Films" considering the lineup of stars from Jackie Gleason and Carol Channing on down mixed with the up 'n comers whose careers undoubtedly fizzled out soon afterwards. Naturally it wasn't like I was just champing at the bit to see it the way I've always wanted to catch a flick like say, THE BABY MAKER (which at least had Lois Lane herself Phyllis Coates and Beaver's Aunt Martha in it to hold yer attention). However, given the secrecy surrounding this feature as well as the utter pans and general unavailability (with director Otto Preminger's daughter sitting on the negatives for years on end) you gotta admit that curiousity got my cat's tongue!. And now that SKIDOO's finally available on disque well, you could say that at least one li'l cold case file in my gulcheral experience life has been closed though maybe I'm still trying to decide whether it was worth all of the time, trouble, wonderment and dishing out of hard to come by $$$ to find out.
I realised
The perjury trial was also told by Coulson that his staff did not pay police officers, replying to the defence’s question with: “Not to my knowledge.”
Tomorrow is a catalyst
Q In whose name should the Cheque or Demand Draft be made?
Poetry of Linda Willows
1 The New York Times on the gathering storm over right to work. Nearly a year after Wisconsin and several other Republican-dominated states curbed the power of public sector unions, lawmakers are now turning their sights toward private sector unions, setting up what is sure to be another political storm. The thunderclouds are gathering first in Indiana. The leaders of the Republican-controlled Legislature say that when the legislative session opens on Wednesday, their No. 1 priority will be to push through a business-friendly piece of legislation known as a right-to-work law. Right-to-work laws prohibit union contracts at private sector workplaces from requiring employees to pay any dues or other fees to the union. Many right-to-work supporters say it is morally wrong to force unwilling workers to contribute to unions, while opponents argue that it is wrong to allow “free riders” not to support the unions that represent them in negotiations and arbitrations. Right-to-work is also a potent political symbol that carries serious financial consequences for unions. Corporations view such laws as an important sign that a state has policies friendly to business. Labour leaders say that allowing workers to opt out of paying any money to the union that represents them weakens unions’ finances, bargaining clout and political power.
The husband's company has moved office, only the new one isn't ready to move into just yet. This means that we are both working from home at the moment. How do you think that's going for us?
More on the Carling Spoon game in tomorrow’s post.
Western Reserve PBS says "Inside Washington" will replace "NewsNight" in its Friday 9 PM slot on WNEO/45.1-WEAO/49.1, and the show will be replaced by other programs on the "Fusion" channel (45.2-49.2).
But the question which often asked is how can the amount and expanse of corruption of the Federal Government in Washington DC be so extreme and beyond that found at almost any other level of government in the United States. Believe it or not, I have a theory on this; what a surprise, huh? When you consider the corruption we find from our elected Senators and Representatives we need to keep something in mind; these are not simple, ordinary politicians, the majority are true professional politicians. These are the product of years of holding public offices. Many started as township, city, or county office holders who then graduated to state level offices and after a decade or more they finally make it to the big show, the United States House of Representatives and eventually even into the Senate. These are people who have been living in the make-believe world of politics where they have the power to solve most of the problems brought before them by the lesser, little folk simply by having a staffer place a phone call or send off a memo to some bureaucrat whose salary they control through their power of appropriations. They attend lavish parties thrown by those seeking influence and as they get higher up the ladder the parties get more and more lavish. By the time they get to Washington DC their taste has been refined to caviar and champagne, and not the cheap stuff. Many of these lifetime politicians have ten, fifteen, even twenty years of experience of being pampered, primped, perfumed, and treated as almost royalty and it has often gone to their heads. They honestly feel they are above the people, above the law, above reproach, basically above everything they see before them and that is what creates the problem which leads to the graft, corruption, and excesses of virtually any kind.
Okay, now that you're back, let's do some self-examination. Jennifer writes,
I believe In Jesus, I just can never shake the feeling that it's great big con. Its 20years of hearing it from all the people around me, I still act like it's a big joke sometimes but I KNOW there's more to it and that it is the truth.
“You always been a clown, Stevie?”
But the thing that the “dollar” truly represents, no matter what replaces it – the debt of the people to the government – will never crash and burn. The people of the world will always be enslaved to the currency that has the strongest military backing.
Now, though I haven't done very well working through my "50 Recipes for 2011" project list, I've had tons of fun taking on many other cooking adventures throughout The Kitchen is My Playground's first year. I've had tons of fun ... and, sometimes, a bit of frustration (especially with the photography part!!) ... trying to figure out this adventure called blogging. I've had tons of fun 'meeting' readers and other bloggers. Thank you so very much for reading my little space in blogland. And thank you for all your wonderful comments. I truly read and appreciate each and every one, and treasure them like gifts. I'm excited to see what adventures The Kitchen is My Playground's second year holds!
Pure adrenaline…
Now although that book is geared toward non-profits, enterprises can learn a lot from it and the Simpson/Spock dichotomy. Just as giving or supporting a cause is not influenced by cold rationality — the Spock side of us — neither are many purchasing decisions. For all kinds of decisions, we are more motivated by our gut, like Homer.
However, I was triple-tagged, and I have three novels from three different series… Maybe the universe is trying to tell me something. I decided to go all-in. Here are three excerpts, one from each YA novel.
Buttery confit rabbit saddle shredded and tossed with pine nuts, sun-dried tomatoes, black currants and spring onion alongside a salad of red watercress, baby carrots and heirloom tomatoes tossed in roasted garlic vinaigrette
We wrote on our anchor chart. We hung it on the door and decorated our door with butterflies. (Pictures didn't come out as clear for that.)
So I told her to still have them see a doctor, but to get some Cranberry fruit pills from the vitamin section at in super market store.
I'll be back tomorrow with more to share!!!
God gave Solomon wisdom and very great insight, and a breadth of understanding as measureless as the sand on the seashore.
is just the thing I was looking for to romance my table.
With Easter upon us this weekend, my hope is this will help be a remembrance of why we celebrate!
Moon had nagged him, and nagged him....and nagged him!
---stuck on you, hello mary lou, going down slow)
You need not look further than the large green trashcans that say “compost” to see that Little Big Burger shouts “Sustainable!” “Local!” Yet, they serve their burgers in paper bags instead of on trays.
Two Hoots Golden Ale, Holt's
Here we have the colourful drawing from The Knightsbridge School in Tivat, Montenegro the pearl of the Mediterranean. Students from Montenegro say,
Question for you: what do you use to clean crayon "art" off the windows?? Our current art has been up for months and I'm hoping the artist will update his work if we clean the window.
The second huge mistake was giving us emotions.
I took my couple of steps, which is all they wanted to start with anyways, then got back in bed feeling very ill. Told the nurses I wanted OFF that morphine pump! Okay, they would switch me to Demoral by mouth. It seemed okay at first, at least I wasn't feeling sick.
I'm a bit of a cheat when it comes to entertaining our French neighbours in Brittany. If a meal has been successful for one group of friends I have no qualms about a repeat performance the following week for other friends. This meal had two outings during our Easter holidays.
The great thing about musical obsessions though is that there is always a new one waiting around the corner. I have been into 30 Seconds to Mars for a long while but it was never a heartfelt obsession. However, listening to them on Jango threw up other groups that I really do love like The Veronicas but most especially Paramore. I don’t think that I have ever been as into one group as Paramore, I can listen to hours of their music per day. I just don’t think that made groups like them when I was younger with the combination of a great female vocalist and hard rock backing. We had Blondie and Republica back in the day but it’s not really on the same level.
A lot is said on recruiting and retaining employees; however, it is often overlooked that the two issues really go hand in hand. The inability to retain employees leads to not being able to find the right prospective employees to recruit. I was discussing with a client about employee turnover because she had stated that her biggest obstacle was finding employees. With unemployment being in records numbers, I knew that her recruiting and retention problems were not an “illness” but a symptom of a deeper problem. The client sited reasons about pay for her inability to retain her employees along with unable to get replacements. This client is far from being alone. Daily I hear how “good employees are hard to find in this day and age”, or “no one wants to work”.
With Al nestled in, still sawing those Zs
Rule #11: Some of my best friends are “nerds”… but I won’t be working for them. If Bill Gates actually wrote these rules this must be a jab at all those “cool kids” who poked fun at him.
upper branches, nests full of eggs.
Second week saw me taking on Molton Browns’ Eucalyptus & Ginger Body Scrub.
Preparation of the Meatballs
It wasn’t until 1997 and the election of a Labour government that I saw within the following three years a total desperation and despondency amongst the communities in London that felt dejected and let down by seeing their desires and aspirations being dashed once again. I thus felt I had to take up the political cudgel. It took me three years to determine where best my voice could be heard by representation through a political party. After several attempts and deep deliberation, I finally got in contact with the BNP of the nearest branch and group to where I lived in Lewisham, which was the Bexley branch. The reason I finally decided to go to the BNP meeting was that Nick Griffin had won the leadership challenge. Marching through the streets of London was not the way forward at that time.
08 Magnet - Miles To Go (Invisible Man) (7:45)
What I DO like is running at 7am when the sun is not high enough to be too hot. I like passing the smiling faces of kids on their first day of school...and the bigger smiles of their parents. I love the smell of the fall fresh cut grass and watching the geese start to fly V-formation. I love that my CSA delivery is going to have kale and acorn squash in it today, a sure sign of fall.
Finding the same pulls in both sizes has proven to be a problem.
So, I stayed behind and nursed a headache, coughed, and laughed internally at my raspy, nearly non-existent voice whenever Honey would call to check in on me.
In a way, I think it made me wiser, shaped my character and made me a better person. I was fortunate to pack my year 2011 with loads of travels and meeting new friends. During Easter, I flew over to Melbourne, meeting up one of my bestie, then to attend my cousin's Greek wedding. It's exactly like how you watched it on My Big Fat Greek Wedding; a loud and huge family affair. Everybody danced the night away and shouted "Yasu" means Cheers. Boy, that night I could feel my legs yearning for a warm bubble soak and lots of gentle massage.
Remember how I used to make beer battered fish on you, until you made a little fire at the bottom of the oven? Those were good times. And good fish, too. I could really go for some beer battered fish right about now. But instead I'm going to make frozen spinach out of my emergency food reserve and tear apart the kitchen AGAIN looking for you.
11. Shadows Breaking Over My Head
5. Waste
We covered “Whitey on the Moon”,
We're busy re-setting the fixtrues today and with any luck will have it mostly ready to go tomorrow (Friday).
Don't think of yourself as being in the same race with author-artists-- think of yourself as being in the same Olympics. If you both end up on the winners' stand, it will be for different skills, but your accomplishments will both be worthy of the honor.
Receive e-mail notification of new Carolyn’s Composition posts. Sign up for a subscription to my site. See the box in the upper right hand column of this page.
Sweet Thames, run softly till I end my song,
The whole wide world will know (repeat chorus).
I think The Friend Zone gets a bad rap starting in High School, when boys and girls are first starting to figure out the whole dating, boyfriend/girlfriend thing. Those first sexual encounters are a Big Deal, confusing, scary, thrilling and wild. Hormones are running rampant, and I think girls use The Friend Zone to help them sort through the confusing time. Of course, on the other side of the equation, hormones have turned boys into a throbbing bundle of need. Sex is all they can think about, so naturally getting put in the FZ is a fate worse than death.
As aggravating as I found Second Life to be, I also think
BJ had his share of water play in between our playing with the large bubble wand & doing big bubble chasing all over the yard. So much fun & such special times with little ones.
I guess what bothers me the most is the fact that I’m paying for the phone service. They’re using my dime and my time to spit out their unwanted spiel. It seems I have no choice in the matter. So, let them call. I’ve reeled off “I’m not interested” so many times it’s second nature.
Ira is an IPA brewed with a Belgian yeast strain. The resulting beer is softer and rounder than a muscular Oregon IPA. It has a creamy sweetness that buoys the ample hops and simultaneously seems to enclose the bitterness in a gentle pocket. I am reminded of Orval, which is also a huge, yet deceptively smooth beer
in display settings, avoid unnecessary punctuation. consider breaking the lines by sense, try to keep prepositional phrases together.
Also, don't forget the 7th Sept, remember that date, TPV's blog anniversary starts that day, I have started my projects for it and it's going to be a blast, so make sure you're there :)
Built a generation just like me.
Can I just say?...
But why Alpine?
That reminds me, I need to do just a few dozen more Halloween cards to make that a true statement. DANG YOU, AC Moore Dollar Bin!!! Dang you, and all of your $1 too-cute-to-pass-up Halloween goodness!!!!
Amanpour: that’s highly imaginative
According to the consulting company RiverCityGroup, last year’s global turnover of online casinos totaled $ 6.2 billion. Forecast for the current – 4,8 $ billion. The reason for the decline – the pressure of U.S. laws on partypoker rakeback on the Internet.
Will be good and post some more, if I have the time.. The thing is, there are so many things going on, and I need to absorb them first..
Me: Should we go to a stable and try to like a horse? You know, brush one or something?
Shining with a light
I have never paid much attention to Abraham Lincoln, and so I hadn't really understood just how spookily accurate Bob Carr, Australia's latest Foreign Minister, was being when he said he was the reincarnation of the man. Only now, having stared at a series of photographs of Lincoln, which are part of the display at the Philadelphia Independence Visitor Centre, have I realised that, at least physically, the two men really are uncannily similar.
Isn't it funny how quickly life happens? The days just fly by, rolling one into the other and in the blink of an eye weeks have passed. It's amazing.
TAAB versions in both of these are the full monty versions. (NOT the readers digest
I beg of you not to allow the same to occur to me, oh friend.
You are the best.
As for my daughter and her clothes. I know. I know. It all comes out in the wash. I say it all of the time. That's why I love clothespins all the more.
In my Father’s house there are many dwelling places. If there were not, would I have told you that I am going to prepare a place for you?
The next question you ask when learning a game is “how do I win?” This is the goal of the game. It is important to know what the goal is so that you can work within the rules to achieve the goal.
This title epitomises what has happened this weekend and what I am to continue on over the next few hours until I can get rid of some assignments.
I remember how I used to write when I was young and somehow I lost it. I want to go back to that time when I could write for hours. I would write non-stop for two days. Maybe I’d only take a break to eat and take a bath. Now my concentration is not so good. I easily get distracted. I blame facebook. I blame plants versus zombies. I blame Cityville.
I changed the recipe just a little bit. I didn't want to make a 9x13 pan because I knew we could eat the whole thing. So I halved the recipe, but added a little more chocolate chips, because I like my chocolate layer to be a little thicker than what it ended up with only half the recipe.
Readings by Mia Gallagher, Catherine Phil MacCarthy, Jean O'Brien; Mary O'Donnell
1 expect
He didn’t remember when he’d had the last cup but he didn’t waste time to do more than just mimic a semblance of being dressed. Heading outside he didn’t bother checking the contaminant meter or stopping for more than his shoes, leaving his mask hanging forgotten on it’s peg beside the door where it had hung untouched, purposefully ignored, since the last time they had taken Luke to the hospital.
Home Improvement On A Budget
The Stars of Mithra is a thrilling tale and worth reading.
Do we proclaim the gospel because we are being obedient to our Lord? Absolutely. But we also do it because it is the only diagnosis that fits our own disease, and it is the only prescription for real change in our lives and in the lives of those around us.
Last week I was invited by Ben Long, a project officer with Age UK Kensington Chelsea, to tell them a little bit about the Roots of Reggae project. I was excited to have been invited, not least because Age UK Kensington and Chelsea’s offices are located directly beneath the Westway immortalised by The Clash. More significantly, the invitation was further evidence that the potential of Roots of Reggae was being recognised by a wider audience.
Shire Flintheath: -
“We can confirm that 11 people were killed. 10 people died at the spot, while one person died at the Federal Medical Centre in Jalingo,’’ Umar Waziri, the Red Cross Information Coordinator in Taraba told journalists on Monday.
turned treasure hunter with a taste for one-night stands and a strained relationship with her twin.
dead chambers,
Trampolines are interesting things. Whether you use them for exercising or for pure entertainment, there is always a fun element in bouncing around on one. For one thing, it is never boring.
Lead vocal recording is probably the most subjective and most variable area when it comes to microphone choice and placement. Vocal mics garner the most fame and notoriety because they play a huge part of the in the creation and realization of the ultimate vocal performance.
Competition is only good when the girls are READY – no one wants to look stupid and come in dead last. It’s okay to skip a year or a competition. It’s okay to never compete at all. Progression and friendships are more important than medals. Let your daughter lead the way, don’t push her. Anyone see Dance Moms??? I do NOT want to ever be THAT MOM…
There have been outrageous allegations made against my person on Badfort TV and in the Badfort News:
Marty: "You're m-m-my...you're the walking embodiment of every Oedipal fantasy that's ever lurked in the recesses of my id!"
Attendees with ideas for sessions were then given a minute to make their pitch. I was faced with the camper’s quandary as I was interested in pretty much every session, but could only attend one at a time. Ideas for sessions included:
- To a Mouse, on Turning Her Up in Her Nest with the Plough
Danny (Jas’s brother) was there for the first time in a long while, or at least on the same day as me, which was nice, it was good to chat to him again. He had his 29th Birthday at Roller Central on Wednesday apparently :) He also shared his views on Jas and Dan (ginger Dan, the one she is dating). He says he isn’t thrilled, but because they aren’t blood relatives he doesn’t feel as if he should intervene, she needs to make her own choices.
The colonel surveys the police detail with a military eye, apparently deciding that they will do. Quickly he summarizes the weird train of events that have led to their presence here. Now, he says, they have reason to believe that Miss Lucy Balfour is in dire peril in her former home. The police should proceed at once to Balfour House and be prepared for "instant action."
Here are a bunch of pictures. Proof that we were actually there!
They even have a creepy baby doll on display – yes in an attempt to show the various items used to play futebol on the street – a crushed can, a ball of socks, etc. – they included the severed head of a baby doll. Creepy. Unfortunately, they don’t allow you to take pictures in the museum.
Only if the title would have been better.
Yes, reading is important. I completely agree. And our kids (my kids) should be reading every night at home. But I just think the time requirements are a bit much, especially if you have more than one child in school (no wonder the Duggars home-school-can you imagine?)
Most. Embarrassing. Moment. Ever.
Lots of stretching and growing going on inside me, and it hurts sometimes. The triplets are all laying transverse (sideways) which explains the poking on my sides. So far Ive only gained 8lbs in 5 months and am happy about that. The doctors are happy with everything, and back we go in another two weeks.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Using a sharp knife, score the fat (but not the meat) on 1 boneless pork shoulder (7 pounds) in a diamond pattern. Season with coarse salt and ground pepper. Place pork, fat side up, in a roasting pan or large Dutch oven with 1/2 cup water. Roast until some fat has rendered, about 45 minutes. Remove pan from oven and reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees. Tightly cover pan with foil or a lid. Cook until meat is very tender, about 4 hours. When cool enough to handle, remove fat from top of roast. Using two forks, shred meat into
In the meantime, I wish each of you a joyful Spring and blessed Easter.
The dismaying thing about the classic totalitarian mind is that any given gear, though mutilated, will have at its circumference unbroken sequences of teeth that are immaculately maintained, that are exquisitely machined.
P.S. Have a good weekend! We're celebrating my dads birthday tomorrow. :)
10. Writing is work. Writing is difficult, writing takes time, writing is not always fun. If it's what you want to do above all else, you'll find a way to do it. If you don't have the patience for revision or desire to succeed or the stomach for rejection, this line of work isn't for you.
"We feared that the Islamic sharia law implemented in this province will be tainted by their activities," Banda Aceh deputy mayor Illiza Sa'aduddin Djamal, who ordered the arrests, told AFP on Wednesday.
Hey everyone! I hope you had a wonderful weekend; we sure did. In my last post I shared about the vegetarian meal I planned for our friend & her daughter. As is typically the case with anyone battling the "Big C," you have good days, not so good days, & really bad days. My friend had one of those "really bad days" the day of our little dinner party & had to cancel. Well, because I already had everything & even had some things prepped, I prepared the meal for The Man & I. I shared the meal I planned HERE, so now I would like to show you my table.
Thank you for reading!
Specifically, taking inspiration from the lungs and the way the air moves through things, along with how the body responds to air.
We are all so excited and know why mom and dad have to go, but it is really hard because we do everything as a family. This will be the longest we have been away from each other ever and it's hard to comprehend.
This case is both entertaining and instructive for today’s business person. You should feel free to insert one-sided subjective standards into your contracts, but be aware that a court will nonetheless require that you enforce those standards in good faith. On the flipside, for those folks out there who may be subject to seemingly arbitrary termination provisions, take solace in the fact that your contracting partners are still subject to a baseline of rationality that constrains their actions.
LACK OF EVIDENCE: A letter requesting political asylum in France, from a twin who survived an attempt at a ritual killing at the hands of his father. Very moving.
Lucia: A girl adopted at birth into a royal family discovers the truth about her past--and the supernatural legacy she is destined to wield.
Hi Friends of Russ and Kristi
I want to be one of those people I love to be around. I want to bring peace and light to every conversation. I want people to leave being with me, like I feel when I leave being with some of my friends. I want people to leave a conversation with me feeling like both of us were changed by the encounter, like we were real and present with each other, paying attention only to the moment between us. Right now, I feel really self-absorbed, distracted, aloof. I want my life to look like this: “being who we say we are, claiming our truths, opening our hearts, giving ourselves to the other pure and unglossed.” I want to exude Christ and him crucified and raised from the dead. I want to offer grace, not condemnation. Basically, I want to live in the image of God, so that I can forget I am simply clay and water, by focusing more and more on the divine breath and the way it breathes through me.
I mean the pull of checking that tweet is so great that I’m now having a conversation in my head:
crying out for their sweet light?
reflecting the traffic signals.
As if being small and having S. Horten as his name isn't bad enough, now 10-year-old Stuart is forced to move far away from all his friends. But on his very first day in his new home, Stuart's swept up in an extraordinary adventure: the quest to find his great-uncle Tony--a famous magician who literally disappeared off the face of the earth--and Tony's marvelous, long-lost workshop. Along the way, Stuart reluctantly accepts help from the annoying triplets next door… and encounters trouble from another magician who's also desperate to get hold of Tony's treasures.
Last weekend, I tried to make a batch of yogurt and the milk separated on me during the initial heating of the milk. Rather than throw it away, I kept heating it, added some salt and a touch of white vinegar, and ended up with a beautiful batch of ricotta cheese, with perhaps the best consistency I ever achieved making ricotta. Well. It’s generally not hard for me to find uses for homemade cheese, but with some very ripe, needs-to-be-used-today pineapple in the fridge, I felt that all signs were pointing toward me making some ricotta cake with pineapple. I have a recipe for ricotta cake with blueberries that’s been raising its recipe hand, saying “pick me! pick me!” for some time now, and I thought pineapple would work instead of blueberries with the not-too-sweet, moist cake. My hunches were right.
What’s interesting about Marr’s work is how her characters grow and make decisions we think they aren’t really capable of making. Some might complain that the ending is too neatly wrapped up for the main characters — Ash, Donia, Seth and Keenan — but many other questions linger for others such as Niall, Leslie and Irial. (I particularly like how Keenan’s story ends. It’s rather ironic at first but just.) I have to say — I kind of want a bit more. I want to know how things look 100 years from now. But that’s not the author’s intent. The series is about change and growth and how one handles those changes and ensuing decisions. If you look at the entirety of this series, it’s a fitting ending to a story that has so many themes that lots of YA readers — and adults — can relate to in their own lives.
And crimes of the heart creep like a thief in the night
At any rate, these involve quite a bit of work but they're delicious... and this year I adapted a different recipe, which turned out OK, although I would've liked a crispier cookie.
Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it,
So Easter is on its way. The bunny lady has returned to the apartment across the breeze way from us. I hope they hop over and bring me some candy! My sister called asking for money, speaking of crazy! I would love to help her out but I don’t think there is much I can do. Apparently she has already tapped out my parents. I need to call her back and get the full story. She called while I was in a very loud casino drinking beers and not very sympathetic to her cause.
DON’T: Query your first novel like a maniac and stare out into space with Stephenie Meyer dollar signs in your eyes. You big dummy. Be realistic. That novel wasn’t even ready yet. Heck, it’s still being worked on.
I loved this post this morning (again at Jessica’s blog, this time written by her friend Constance–also, is it just me or do a lot of cool people live in Texas????). And it got me thinking about all the ways I strive to NOT make myself vulnerable in my life.
3. These ads are incoherent; they dumbfound me - what’s not to get? A man makes a Tarzan noise in front of a cityscape and then another man opens the plantation shutters on the top level of his Victorian-era home and makes a noise like a monkey and then a man going up an escalator shrieks “Lalalalalalala” and then a woman waiting for a taxi in a busy place holds a high note and then an unseen man under a bridge howls at the moon and then the noises are repeated over and over again, faster and faster, and then a slogan from a 1970s political campaign comes up and then cans of Jim Beam positioned like bowling pins spontaneously explode and then start perspiring heavily before pulsating. I’ll ask again: what’s not to get?
Now we have everything we need!
The last difference I've noticed is that I have no body odor. Now, this is huge. I mean HUGE. I have been using coconut oil mixed with a wee bit of baking soda as my deodorant. It's been a blessing. But since I've had psoriasis I've only been using coconut oil as the baking soda aggravated the dry spots. I'm not stinky. It's pretty amazing stuff.
How could he not have known this about her all this time? Why hadn’t she mentioned it beforehand?! All those years spent together and she was a hermaphrodite?!
( I so happen to have castings from one such company ) but so far my plants look great.....We'll see how things go as I continue my study stay tuned..
Overall, a solid show to start the drive for Bound for Glory. What did you think of the show? Send me your thoughts by either emailing me at DJKevinGillman75@aol.com or send me your thoughts here.
3. Project Overview-Partners, Estimated Costs, Project budget details 4
Mr. McGuire: Are you listening?
What follows are a series of testimonials from people holding different positions in different circuses. Some people love their work and some people dislike it. However, everyone can agree that the life is exhilarating!
Six archbishops and 23 bishops want 1.3 million hectares of haciendas distributed to farmers. When Hacienda Luisita owner and former president Corazon Cojuangco Aquino heard the news, the more she wished she’d live longer.
Kanye: "Yeah honey but I bet you like this more"
The common paths that others run;
But I have to say, yoga is the one form of exercise I love best. First of all, you get it ALL in one sweet package: toning, weight loss, stretching, muscle building (when you lift weight — you lift your own weight!) For anyone who hasn’t tried it, trust me, it’s not “marshmallow.” You will sweat! (And I’m not even talking about Bikram or Hot Yoga — just doing regular yoga will give you an excellent workout!)
Roxanne – but screamed out like the Police song.
“I walked into that hospital with one sore arm and left with two,” he said Tuesday. “But I don’t blame the coyote. It was doing what coyotes do, hunting. My guess is that coyote was perfectly healthy and was not rabid. He was big, probably 50 pounds. I’m just glad it didn’t grab my neck.”
An you stay awesome foeva.
Grind together ginger, garlic & green chilli, listed under marination, together to a fine paste by adding 1 tbsp water. Marinate the cleaned chicken strips with the ground paste & other items listed under marination. Refrigerate for 1-2 hours, overnight refrigeration is the best. Heat oil in a pan & deep fry the chicken pieces till it becomes golden brown.
Full Stop. NOT.
Marion-Once again, your logistics support and planning was outstanding. I liked your mainsail trimming capabilities(we both were not afraid to let the traveller down) and wished we could have sailed the offshore legs together.
each day, like an onion, i see my little toddler disappearing and this little boy emerging...
The pendant drops approximately 1-1/2"
Apart from having various external constraints such as trying to finish my EP which has been filled with various time-consuming tasks and hassles, the details of which I won’t bore you with, I’ve generally just not been feeling it. I’ve been in a weird blue funk for pretty much the whole of last month without knowing why.
Mr Tomlinson argued history had shown it was men who are naturally equipped to succeed above women. "Where, for example, are the great female explorers, mountaineers, warriors, inventors, chefs?" he said. "Blokes dominate most areas of human endeavour because nature equipped them with something called testosterone."
Tomorrow morning is the mock trial the guys participate in at the close of the program. We’ll have them playing different roles: defense attorneys, prosecutors, jury, witnesses, defendant, and so on. We have outside attorneys come in to act as the judges. The guys were really excited about it and apparently this is the most fun part of the program so I’m really looking forward to seeing how the guys do.
“And, as a result, only a few move in the right direction…
Every time I do yoga I always think it was made just for me and for my grief. It is such a good place for mental peace. Every time I do yoga I try and focus a warm white light surrounding my heart and around my uterus. I invite a new child to come to us and our family. I try to send my thoughts into the universe. The love our family has to give. How much we have given...please come to us. I invite love into my heart to soothe my sorrow. Durring my sun salutation there is a transitional pose that is odd but requires your bottom to be in the air while your chest is on the ground. I envision the warm wet earth reaching up and with a cooling hand covering my heart inside my chest with mud. The earths gift of love to me; My heart supported and then covered by baby's tear ferns. This is my vision.
I was invited over to The Marble Arch pub and the new Marble brewery to witness the launch of a collaboration brew and a few days later - to help brew one myself.
Mr. Borat, Sasha Baran Cohen teams up Megan Fox for The Dictator. The film also stars Ben Kingsley, Anna Faris, B.J Novak and more. Cohen plays a dictator who risks his life to ensure that democracy never comes to his loving country. It’s actually a comedy.
and that the people who are driving this revolt are doing it for political and economic gains both forbidden in Islam!
And I am grateful for you gorgeous girl.
Motherly Love
Dr. Shaklee's vision was to give people the wealth of health. We still think that's the best idea to build a company on.
MOST PRIDEWORTHY: Next to my post about my grandfather's death, this is probably my favorite. Again, this one just seemed to flow with no effort. It's simple and yet, I like to think, somewhat poetic. But if life were made of moments, then you'd never know you had one
As well as receiving gold and platinum awards from many nations, Parsons has received ten Grammy Award nominations for engineering and production. In 2007 he received a nomination for Best Surround Sound Album for A Valid Path.
The schoolboy at the lectern is reading the final bit of the school play:
But, if you had purchased £1,000 worth of beer one year ago, drank all the beer, then turned in the aluminium cans for recycling refund, you would have received a £214.00.
Inevitably and cruelly, after what only seems too brief a moment, it ends.
Who loves CBS Sunday morning? Whenever I’m home visiting my parents, we sit in the sunny living room, drinking coffee while watching this show. Usually the stories are interesting and we cannot tear ourselves away. Yesterday’s edition was all about the Presidents and the White House, and it was fascinating. Here is some of my new presidential knowledge, thanks to CBS.
There's a disconnect between the last two sentences. "Nothing!" is in Randi's POV. The last sentence isn't. Can you see it? This is where you're looking at every single word in a query. Simply by changing "Well, a" to "Certainly not" you keep the same viewpoint. And it flows more smoothly:
Fat labourers, mongrels, and scruffy, howling hounds.
ME: Umm no. Duh. I have internet problems.
Me: "There is a story about a woman named Abigail. It's not you, but you share a name."
MIPWorld CANNES 2012 Mobile App
Those in charge of the city's government infrastructure should either lead with fervor every day or get the hell out of the way.
What else? Well, we're heading toward Austin and San Antonio, and small towns in between. I'm looking to relocate, ya see, and I need to find me a saloon to get a job in. I kinda fancy a career as .... A Floozy-Wrangler Aaah haha hahahaaaaaaaaa!!!!!
Now that you've seen mine, you can head on over to Retro Cafe Art Gallery and take a look at the one that Kris made, as well as the other styles that the door shrines come in.
Honestly, I still enjoy many things about farm life, and love the pleasures of living in the country on our little farm today. But what I saw as limitations are gone. And yes, that’s really my tractor – a 1937 Allis Chalmers B.
Celebrate the Forth of July with Indie! The black and white kitty that spends her holiday perched upon her Americana bell while flinging fireworks from her tail. She's all set to celebrate.
My recent mail delivery has also prompted me to make the executive decision to buy a pair of Pastry brand sneakers I was debating about last weekend, concerned the brand was too young for me (Yes, I think about these things now. The 30s can be a confusing funky time for your fashion sense. You got to walk the line carefully. Lots of folks get it wrong. I don’t want to be apart of that age-inappropriate community.) and would make me like old women dressing like young girls (think Mama Jones from Love and Hip Hop).
Hell in New Orleans (Hell, Sanzenbach, LeBon, McCollam, Modeliste) R.I.P. sessions 1984
...or over eggs for a delightful huevos rancheros. Yes, that was my stomach you hear grumbling. It is simply delicious.
April 30th, 2012 would’ve been a boy named Deacon’s fourth birthday. I won’t profane Deacon’s memory or the depth of suffering his family has been through by trying to pretend that I can possibly understand, legitimately explain, or fully empathize with the horror of losing a child. I won’t blaspheme the sovereign love that God has for all of us by saying that it’s for “the best” or part of “his plan” to take the life of an almost-three-year-old — especially one who brought joy to so many. What I will say is that we, as a people, have been dealing with loss incorrectly for a long time, maybe forever. For years, loss — the loss of a job, or of a relationship, or of a dream, or of a loved one — has stirred up a reaction among people to try and marginalize the loss, or parade around an endless series of trite sayings and clichéd advice with the hopes of logic-ing away the hurt that the loss caused. This could not be further from helpful. Even of the truisms that are actually applicable to a situation, the last thing that anyone needs to hear in the midst of a new loss is how effective time will be for healing their wounds, or how many good things are going to be brought about from their circumstances. What people actually need in a time of loss, is just for you to be there with them, to suffer with them, to let them use and release misery for what it is — rather than try to coax them into behaving as if everything was all right.
I'm going to be taking a short blog break to really concentrate on my wip. I attended my writer's retreat this weekend, and I got some wonderful plot suggestions during my manuscript critique that I can't wait to start applying. Time to put my nose to the grindstone! I'll be back soon to blog about my fantastic retreat experience!
POP QUIZ time peeps!!! On a scale of 1-6. With one being never and Six being always complete the quiz as honestly and humanly as possible.
Our Chapter member, David Heneghan, CPLP, elaborates more on the importance of onboarding new employees. We’d love to hear from you, either as a new employee or as a key partner in onboarding new employees, what your experience was and what worked (or didn’t work) for you. Feel free to comment or send us your thoughts.
The Sixteenth Street Baptist Church was bombed a few months later, killing four little girls. The children had won a battle but the war based on racial hatred was yet to be won.
Federal District judge Jed Rakoff followed through with a smackdown of the Securities Exchange Commission on Monday, rejecting a settlement between the agency and Citibank that would have imposed a $285 million penalty on the bank without forcing it to admit wrongdoing for betting against mortgage securities that eventually cost investors hundreds of millions of dollars. Rakoff, whose approval was needed to finalize the deal, was not prepared to let Citi quietly slink away from what Wall Street critics allege to be the central crime of the financial crisis–mortgage securitization fraud–without airing the particulars of the case in a public forum.
with openings
Kagi no Kakatta Heya (01) 18.3%, (02) 16.5%, (03) 14.4%, (04) 15.5%
I could'nt do the midweek Wetherspoons meet up, so instead of an (almost certain) pint of Weltons, I was in, drinking costcutter Cherryade (thank you D) and Twinings Lemon and Ginger Tea (thank you bro). Both very nice, but would have preferred to be washing down the foul sulphur tasting pills with Bartram's Cherry Stout and Beartown's Ginger Bear.
Nintendo Wii U release date, news and rumours
I stopped to draw a big breath.
As Chris and I talked, we came to this conclusion:
Did you know that nearly every country in the world has produced Red Cross stamps at one time or another? It’s just one of the fascinating aspects of stamp collecting that’s allowed volunteer Cheryl Grantham to combine two passions: stamps and the Red Cross.
The peas are beginning to climb up the trellis built by my nephew and youngest son.
An ultimately uplifting, feelgood story based around a drama club, the story also tackles some serious issues with a lighthearted yet insightful touch. Phoebe's struggles with her acute shyness brought on by her parents' split, the awkwardness of changing friendships, the spiteful bully - all problems many children can identify with.
1. Go Local
And lastly, to the oft misunderstood notion that “Feminists” (generally) “do not think rape has anything to do with sex,” that’s a mistake of taking the rhetorical literally. Just like you might have learned from television cop shows or death row documentaries, what is “sexually” (and most often only psycholgically) gratifying (not always tied in with physical orgasm or arousal) for serial rapists and sexual sadists is the penetrative act as one of violence or domination, as best illustrated by those who prefer to use knives or other objects. And, it’s not always about sexual desirability as evidenced by home invasions where 80 year old grandmothers are assaulted. Sometimes, its sole purpose is theft and degredation. Stealing someone’s body or dignity, no matter how one is brought to bear for it, is a theft that cannot be repaid; this gives a sexual offender both the upper hand and an untouchable souvenir or trophy from the experience.
Tell you what, we hustled some around here. The boys were here till New years Eve. The last full day, all of a sudden the living room furniture got moved completely around. Now, this was prepared for over a year ago with graph paper and careful measuring of the furniture as well as available space. I did have Comcast come out and make me another connection on the other side of the room so I could move the couch from that side and put the TV in its place. That move needed someone (NOT ME...ABSOLUTELY NOT ME!!) to unhook everything from the stereo/TV/speakers and re hook everything on the other side of the room. That got done..all in a rush the day and evening before they left. Furniture moved completely away from where it traditionally was.
1/2 cup champagne
There’s more I’d like to say, but I need to sign off since we’re heading out the door soon.
The use of informants is an integral part of policing. While others may not like that, no police force in the Western world can operate effectively without information flowing in to it.
“In the eighteenth chapter of the Gospel of Luke, we find him addressing a group of people who are smugly content in their confidence that they are upstanding citizens—and who are convinced that anyone not exactly like themselves has no chance of making it into God’s guest register. So he tells them the parable of the Pharisee and the Publican. Note not only what an insulting story it is, but also how small the prospects are that his audience will ever be able to get past its details to its point. Far from being an illustrations that shines an understanding they already have on something they haven’t figured out, it is one that is guaranteed to pop every circuit break in their minds.
Would Yankees leave the Bronx?
You know how it is, one goes along in one's own little bubble, absorbed in the daily cares and concerns without really paying attention to the external world. A sort of soft focus of the outer sphere of existence while fixated on the inner.
I have a suggestion for this year’s family picnics. What do you say we take down those volleyball nets. The same things happen every year, and it usually leads to disaster. Everyone gets drunk, Uncle Earl twists his ankle, we have at least one argument over the score, and one macho guy always spikes the ball into some ten-year old girl’s nose resulting in pitiful crying, hysterical screaming, and massive amounts of blood; and that’s just from the macho guy after the girl’s mother gets done with him.
Method of preparation:
Ultimately, some of the local advocates in NY have been silenced and two of the bigger ones that we have in Tom Joyner and Michael Baisden, have also been taken off the air in the biggest media market in America. Thats tragic when there needs to be jocks with the courage and conviction to attack illiteracy, domestic violence, and the Trayvon Martin cases of the world, that Baisden is known for. Not to mention the fight that Tom Joyner took on years ago in saving HBCU’s.
At the cliff end, the land plummets down to the town. One possible means of descent, the East Hill Cliff Railway, has ceased running for the day which leaves me with the only other option: a steep flight of stairs, the treads of which are too wide and the risers too low to comfortably descend with any sort of rhythm. Sneaking along the back of houses, through narrow gaps between the tall, thin buildings, the stairs emerge at the Stade, home to Europe’s largest beach-launched fishing fleet. The black-weatherboarded net shops, like tall sentry boxes, could, I suppose, be described as quaint, attracting the tourists as they do, but this is still very much a working beach. I scrunch across the shingle, weaving between the weatherbeaten boats and rusting winches and bulldozers that drag the fleet up the beach, past tangled webs of nets, and stacks of battered brightly coloured fish boxes.
This has always been what's excited me most as a writer, and it's lovely to see a brand that has wonga to spend and an ad agency with creative skill taking this aspect of beer and celebrating it. It's an ad for the pub as much as it is an advert for beer or Greene King IPA specifically, and I think it's rather fucking wonderful:
According to the criminal complaint, Hill wrote checks from the union checking account to himself and used the money for personal expenses. An audit indicated that Hill allegedly wrote 74 checks to himself on the Local 76C checking account.
Earlier this week my colleague Eddy Butler published a story regarding the singer Adele (whose whiney songs I cannot stand if I am honest but each to their own!) and some smear or other that had been printed about her in the gutter press somewhere.
Defeated.
The Kinks are Ray and Dave AND Mick.
‘… So we all did sign language so we could speak to Sadie,’
Too many evidence and testimonies to support that,
I have a studio in my garage and an easel for larger paintings, but a surprising amount of my art is made at my little corner table. This is where I create the covers and sew my blank books, and make my art journal pages, and do all the small stuff that I enjoy most.
Yah, I know, that'd be lame.
If 93% of sexual predators are religious this means that predators believe something. This is not an attack on anyone’s religious beliefs. This is a $124 Billion Dollar Health Care Crisis that is being ignored. The government, you and I are all paying for the physical and psychological abuse that comes from sexual violence within all kinds of family backgrounds not limited to spiritual beliefs or race.
"We remain deeply concerned by the lack of progress globally on effectively regulating the flow of large sums of private money into the elections process in many countries," said Global Integrity's Executive Director, Nathaniel Heller. "Political financing remains the number one corruption risk around the world, and absent meaningful reforms will continue to hinder many other open government and transparency initiatives," said Heller.
I will wait
The paper is from My Mind's Eye
Well, that last phrase from the title isn’t strictly true. But the booklet Being a Parent Today is finally printed and for sale from the Catholic Truth Society, so you can order copies from their website here. You can flick through some of the pages of the booklet on the CTS site.
Doom and gloom are all around us. The war, the economy, political dissention, religious dissention. Seems you can’t turn around without someone telling you how horrifically tragic everything is. Some people are saying book sales are down – people won’t buy books when they can’t afford essentials. But they’re wrong. Readers will read regardless. Readers will read MORE to escape their own reality.
It’s like a virtual coffee klatch.
Russet or Yukon Gold potatoes
A funky new man bag
Interwoven are mysterious happenings related to Eddie's mother (who is probably a witch) and Wallis, who comes to believe that she too can manipulate magic. Wallis falls in love (so Holman assures us) with Jasper, a boy who has lost both his parents and plays on Wallis's affections in order to get closer to her father. Not that he needs any help, since Eddie seems more interested in gaining a son than paying attention to his daughter.
struggled
didn't exactly work that way. Plus, it can leave an ugly mark on the bare bottom. So, it's now the Ugly Stick! Can be fun calling it that too... lol.
It takes a very honest and powerful ‘warts and all’ look at the Autism experience and openly incorporates the perspectives of both teenagers with autism and their parents.
I do have superstitions. I believe that if you light a candle and leave it unattended, it may burn the house down, especially if you own a black cat.
I’m not the type of person who can workout on a full stomach, however, empty stomach workouts don’t work for me either, so a result, I am a snacker and eat several small meals every two to three hours, as you can see.
While sitting outside eating our roasted chestnuts I got started with a wreath I have had in mind for a while now. We have been gathering treasures from nature for weeks now, and the piles are growing, so I decided to make a wreath that will serve as the center piece on our dining table. Inside the wreath I will place bees wax candles which I plan to make later this week.
Given this confused dichotomy, I’m pleased to welcome the political cartoonist AMRMI to shed some light onto what a cautionary search on Twitter reveals to not quite be the hot-potato issue of the day… (but I owed AMRMI a favour due to my failure to payback a donation to my now defunct mayoral election deposit fund, and Comment is Free weren’t interested – snooty bastards – so I’m publishing it here.)
because you have the potential
ME: Well, the book that you want to recommend to as many people as possible. I guess the book that you think is the most important in your life.
03 - Clusters N.1
My FAVORITE guilty pleasure, though, is youtubing. I truly am a child of the twenty-first century. I could youtube for hours, but not just anything—I youtube So You Think You Can Dance performances.
She is a cute and lovely girl. But she is a little bit shy when she meets someone for the first time. But, when you have already been able to get along with her, you will find out that she is a lovely girl. I have not met her personally but that’s what I think when I watch this program.
Is it possible that the ubiquity of child-discipline methods, punitive, manipulative ways to train children in the ways of the world, have made us "forget" to question whether they are necessary at all?
Its this fantastical approach to storytelling that made me love John Carter. It reminded me of being a kid and watching Star Wars: A New Hope for the very first time. I was introduced to an alien world where the possibilities are endless. The good guys are good, the bad guys are bad, the aliens are goofy, and the whole story carries an undeniable charm.
After they are frozen, take them off of the pan and place them in a zip lock bag, labeled with the date.
I had the chance to give the Mia a try. I was skeptical. I've used other skin cleansing systems before. With their scratchy brushes, rotating heads that quickly break and batteries that constantly die.
I won this book from the Goodreads First Reads program, meant for Review. This is the same review that can be found on my goodreads page.
On a small, reasonably wealthy island with a high incidence of children with additional needs of one kind or another, that is absolutely shameful and completely inexcusable.
My chocolate candy fills her stockings
Surf’s up, bro – but why? Maybe you heard it from a beach bum with a physics hobby, maybe you heard it from an ancient mariner having a moment of clarity on shore leave, or maybe you heard it from your dad on vacation. In all cases, the claim usually goes something like this: Ocean waves travel in groups of seven, and the seventh wave is the biggest of the bunch.
With chickens, I went to meet a man.
So, what's the problem with the battery? Well, occasionally the device will stop going into sleep or hibernate modes, even though the screen blanks out. This means battery consumption is going on at full tilt in the background, even though you think you shut it down. 8 hours or so later, you have a dead Nook. Recharge, wash, rinse, repeat. The only way to "fix" the problem is to do a hard reset to factory defaults.
The invitations…
She began telling me over and over again every few days that I had to repent. Then it became every day. Then it was multiple times a day. With long and unrelenting confrontational sessions she would keep me up till all hours of the night.
SATURDAY, MARCH 3, Whole Foods-6th/Lamar, 4-6pm-Chili Cookoff featuring Texas beers. Tofu Chili-vs-Chili w/ beans-whatever you like, it all goes down good with cold Saint Arnold beers!
But once he tasted the deliciousness that is a Saltine, he was game and pretty much demanded that I keep it up with the supply at a break-neck pace. So much for getting my shopping done in a hurry. Without shame, I grabbed a handful of the cracker packets, shoved them in my pocket, and proceeded to stop every two feet to satiate my son’s need for crispy goodness.
Main characters introduced: 6
Not too many years later, the number of boxes in Parallel Sysplex / DB2 data sharing configurations started going down. Two key factors were at play here. First, IBM came out with internal coupling facilities (ICFs) -- basically allowing an organization to dedicate one or more mainframe engines and some mainframe memory to one or more LPARs that would run Coupling Facility Control Code instead of z/OS. That reduced Parallel Sysplex server "footprints," and saved companies some money, to boot (internal CFs are less expensive than their external cousins). The other development that had a reducing effect on the number of boxes found in the typical Parallel Sysplex was the introduction of ever-more-powerful mainframe servers -- machines featuring more engines and more MIPS per processor. Organizations found that they no longer needed five or eight or ten System z servers to get whopping huge amounts of processing capacity. The current flagship of the System z line, the z196, can have up to 80 general purpose processors with an aggregate capacity of more than 52,000 MIPS in ONE footprint (up to 16 additional processors can be configured as specialty engines, examples of which include internal coupling facility engines and zIIPs). Lash just a couple of these bad boys together in a 'Plex, and you've got one very highly scalable computing platform.
"Edged in Blue" – 5:31
For those of you that are still wondering why, here is a few of the reasons. First is the weather. For me this is a big draw, I do not like snow and I do not like heat. There is very little of either there. The winters are mild and rainy, but not rainy like it is here. Its a drizzly rain, not hours of downpour. It was watching “Little People, Big World” that originally drew me to the weather. Second is the affordability of land in proximity to the city. We love both the city and the country and we want a piece of each. In Portland we can have that. You can live literally 20 minutes outside the city and have 5 acres for the same price as 60 or more miles outside of Chicago. The homes we are looking at are in the 200′s with 3-5 bedrooms on at least 5 acres and within 30minutes of Portland, where we will be starting a Tea Shop. Which brings me to third point, the culture. We love the culture, we love the open-mindedness and the friendliness. We love the hipsters! I love the fact that skateboarding is still popular and there are quality skateparks everywhere. In short, its a great place to live and open our tea shop and eventually start a dog rescue. The business model Ace has come up with, can easily thrive in Portland and I believe our family can too.
run run run little girl
Now, as it turns out, he and Leah are together again. I am now in a place where I have to interact with him knowing how easily I was replaced (or I can wonder if she has been there all along).
Sunday was spent building the gate, cutting the two wood posts, and then waterproofing all of the wood. Since the waterproofing has to cure for 48 hours, we'll be putting up the gate tomorrow and then rolling out the metal fencing border. It's not a perfect fence. Nor is it really what I want permanently (I'd rather wood fencing), but since we're strapped on cash and trying to stick with our budget, buying $35 of fencing & chicken wire, $10 in wood, and about $20 in hardware, this is the most cost effective option. Plus, it'll hold up for a few years until we can afford to build a more stable, long-standing, wood fence.
Hi Everyone! Welcome to Luv Scrapping Together!
At the celebration Faku told the crowds: "Down with The Herald, down, down. Burn The Herald. Fire to The Herald.
dissipation power and store the energy in magma for about 10^4 years. This energy
but we found one table soon after we got in..
If you like the postings (and the Carnival) please leave comments!
Anyway, here's my first attempt at using CAP. I have looked at most of the tutorials available on-line and all the hours on C&C to learn as much as I could - and it really is so easy to use. Never ever did I ever think I'd see the day when I thought digital crafting would make it into my crafting world but it is quite fun and no wastage lol..........
78) Can you spell ICUP? “I-C-U-P” You saw me pee?!?!? (laugh profusely)
I have long since given up trying to hop in the tub with her. The last time I did, she was two. She tried to move around, found that she couldn’t, and then said flatly, “Just get out, dad.” I was pretty sad about it.
I made sure I had all the ingredients and gave this a try using some chocolate from Lindt R.S.V.P. whom we just had a Sacrament with this past Saturday so I'll go more into this a bit later as another Sacrament where I evaluate the chocolate.
All the time we were apart, I thought of you. You were in my heart. My love never changed. I still feel the same. (1)
“Are similar changes possible for diet? That will depend not only on education about diet, but also upon prices of meat. Some agricultural economists think that the price of meat is going to go way up, so that per capita consumption will go down, but those are highly uncertain projections.”
Macaroni and Veese
Not the nose.
Like us, the intimate quiet of night.
Something I haven't done in a while is to reconnect with my friends. I haven't spoken to Nate and Anjeana in a couple of months, not because I didn't want to but because they were in Berlin and only accessable via e-mail. I spent half the day on Saturday talking to Anj. It was so nice to actually talk to her and get someone else's point of view and advice. She agrees with me that it might be time for us to take a serious break, that we're only making each other crazy. As much as it hurt to hear, I agree, but then again, I said that already this week.
Why? Well, because the very real diversity and differences within the Malay community will no longer be tolerated. We are to be homogenous, loyal and unquestioning subjects.
a planting of the LORD
What if something spills on it?
Speak to your eternal self. Tell of your hopes and wishes. Your dreams and aspirations. Tell your fears and worries. Give to your eternal self all that you carry. The burden and the load. The responsibilities and the challenges. Give. And you shall be lightened and relieved. For your loads will become lighter. And your heart will become lighter. And your wishes will come to pass and to become true. Say your words. Speak them.
Obviously with all the opposition on the Right to marriage equality, you can easily guess how adamant Governor Christie in his quest to deny all citizens equal civil rights. His assertion that he would categorically veto any marriage equality bill has softened as public opinion has been gradually shifting towards more acceptance. Obviously to appease his party, he’ll give a lukewarm dissension to the matter, without enraging moderates, or so he thinks.
If you decide on this sort of superior Hermes Birkin imitation purse, you will definitely hold the practical experience as you are taking using a genuine Hermes Birkin purse. If you do not desire to expend your very difficult-won money on the high priced first Hermes Birkin totes, just go straightly to these captivating Hermes Birkin imitation totes. You'll never feel dissapointed about building this sort of final decision.
A few posts ago I told you about a batch of popovers I made. From the comments I got it seemed a few people never heard of this yummy concoction and someone else had never seen a popover pan before.
The powerfully built teen even looked bored as emotional DVD presentations about the dead men prepared by their grieving parents were shown in court.
Ta-dah... My first attempt at pineapple tarts! Not that bad afterall! My sis said the pineapple paste is too sour, but my mum and i found it just nice...
A chic little marketplace style cafe, tucked into the corner of the courtyard leading to the below street-level entrance to the museum, Lemonade at MOCA offers soups, fresh gourmet salads, an assortment of crackers and sweets, and of course, gourmet lemonades! Examples of salads on offer range from Santa Ynez Heirloom Tomato with Crushed Basil and Fleur de Sel, to Lobster Soba Noodles with Lebanese Cucumbers and Sesame. There are also one or two hot entrees such as Turkey with cranberry and gravy, but the bulk of the offerings are served cold. The fun part is you can mix and match dishes to maximize samplings - just pay by number of portions ($7 for single, $11 for double etc.). One portion = 2 scoops, and you can split the portion into two different salads - one for each scoop. As for the handcrafted lemonades - I had the Watermelon Rosemary, and while the flavor could have been stronger, it was still a great, original refreshing drink. The place is only about a block away from the courthouse - and on Thursdays you can also come back after court adjourns to get free admission into the museum (free admission Thursdays 5-8pm).
Dear Victoria,
“I know which warm you are talking about” Akshay put hand on my shoulder.
That’s better. Just don’t use that high voice, and we’ll get along fine.
Egg (optional, some vegetarian do take eggs), 1pc
Marcelo Garcia – This is one of the cleanest and most unique logos in Jiu Jitsu, representing its subject well. The circle as a design element in Jiu Jitsu is one that we’ve already seen, and one that will come up again and again. Jiu Jitsu’s roots are in the Japanese martial arts, and the ideas espoused therein have been filtered through current design aesthetics to invoke calmness and completeness. This is why it works so well for a martial artist such as Garcia. This logo was designed by Jiu Jitsu competitor Hillary Witt as part of a contest by Garcia’s school.
Hrithik Roshan…. Vijay Dinanath Chauhan
Even though there is a red line leading you around, we still managed to get lost like 15 times lol there are parts where the line is hard to see, so technically it wasn't our fault. We saw some really amazing sites today, along with very historical ones. We Saw the USS constitution, and the USS Cassis Young. I was SOOOO ecstatic because since my love left, I've felt so lost without Navy all around me! Today it was everywhere.
But Royce has plans of his own and uses this opportunity to discover if an ancient wizard is using Riyria as pawns in his own bid for power. To find the truth, Royce must unravel Hadrian's hidden past. What he discovers will lead them to the end of the known world on a journey rife with treachery and intrigue.
Roy started his career with the Western League St. Paul Saints in 1899 and moved with the team to Chicago before the 1900 season. Technically, the Sox were still a minor league team in 1900. The American League would become a major league before the next season and the White Stockings would be one of the original franchises.
“And remember…” Beck added as they dragged the engineer away. “…medium rare.”
The next big purchases are a sofa and dining chairs
I hadn't played professionally in any band before Invader. I had auditioned for about 5 or 6 bands but none of them played the hard heavy stuff that I was interested in. I decided to form my own band. This was about 1978. I advertised in the newspaper for band members and got a response from Jon first. We both lived in the western suburbs of Sydney and so we joined up and then auditioned drummers and singers. We finally got Peter as the drummer who was an excellent fit for what we wanted to do. Singers were difficult and in the end I decided to take on the singing role myself. So the band eventually got up and going about late 1978, early 1979. We played around the pubs in Sydney and were particularly popular at two biker pubs. The bikers like their music hard and loud.
In a mircowave safe bowl melt the candy corn, stiring every 15 seconds until melted. The melted candy will not be fluid and flow, but be grainy and somewhat lumpy.
- There are recipes from all over the world; the recipes are influenced from Morocco to Spain, Italy to Israel, and the Southeast Asian and Indian regions.
Pesto, of course.
I followed the earthquake of 22 February 2011 in Christchurch, New Zealand closely because a fairly large contingent of extended cousins live there or nearby. As far as I’ve been able to determine, all survived but many experienced damage to their homes and businesses.
3. You must show that you could not retreat (or the person you defended does).
2012, how can it get any better than that? :-O
It was such a nice gift, I think I'm going to give each of them something similar for Christmas this year. I think that's very generous of me, don't you?
Of course, the BRC specials will be available too. The hot ala carte as well.
Directions: Trout
i go to work,
It has been a long day. First thing this morning, we had to get a puncture fixed in Frankfurt – we are certainly glad that it happened in Frankfurt – our hotel insisted on somebody helping change the wheel and sending a member of staff with us to the tyre shop – German hospitality can really be exceptional! We finally left Frankfurt about eleven this morning and stopped just east of Nuremberg for a coffee and a sandwich before heading each for Prague. The five-hour drive from Frankfurt to Prague was pretty uneventful except for the Satnav playing up a bit – it kept on trying to suggest off-road options to bypass the autobahn repairs.
There are some titles in here that I've had on my wishlist for ages, and others that I've only recently heard of. Quite a range though, from classic fantasy (albeit with a kick-ass female flavour) like Daughter of the Flames, to the intriguing The Future of Us where 1990s kids somehow get sight of their Facebook statuses from the future and can influence them. And how intriguing does Delirium's world where love is outlawed as craziness sound?
Sometimes, more often than I would like, my voice may seem silent, as a bear in winter hibernation. I may cast about in the snow, looking and searching, but I only have to wait for the thaw which will come as surely as the spring.
On the bar were 4 cask and 8 keg beers - a veritable cornucopia of Kernel - showcasing some of the best that brewer Evin and the Kernel team make. The event had attracted beer lovers and tickers from as far flung places as Sweden, Norway and the United States as well as from closer to home to indulge in some Kernel standards as well as a taste of some of their newer beers.
L.A. Times | "Ozone from Asia is wafting across the Pacific on springtime winds and boosting the amount of the smog-producing gas found in the skies above the Western United States," the L.A. Times reports.
Of course, it's not all down to messaging. Dyson also benefits from its reputation. But that's another blog post.
The spit roast concept is one that both Simon and Marty hope will continue on a fortnightly basis. They are thinking of featuring a different animal on the spit and then eventually convincing chefs from other restaurants to participate. "I'd love to get someone with experience in Chinese cuisine to come down and do a roast duck in a drum, for example," says Simon. "We could do all kinds of things."
“I starting engine now?”
The sale smashes the previous record price for a comic book of $317,200 (£205,000) in 2009.
We are stronger than any force.
relaxed.
As I made my way to my morning cup of coffee I thought about how this year was different from last. It's no secret that this Mother's Day finds me (more) tired. Because honestly, Jillian Micheals ain't got nothing on chasing Emily Margaret Hinson all day! Despite what sometimes feels like I'm bordering on exhaustion I wouldn't trade this family of five for any day spent quietly alone.
Question is: do I want one? Better yet, do I need one? Or one more, as it so happens.
B. God wants every person to come to love him through Jesus, his son.
“in the interest of public health?”
#53 Nick Perry- OLB- USC:
Walking over to the Humanities building on the campus of Macalester College I thought little more about OWS or the minor inconveniences that people were complaining about. My thoughts moved toward the topic for the event this evening, The Ongoing Struggle for Land, Justice and Indigenous Rights in Guatemala, brought to the campus by the Guatemalan Human Rights Commission. I was hoping that I would get there early enough to meet and chat with the speakers. I imagined that much of the talk was going to be about the newly elected Guatemalan president and the effects his election will have on the Guatemalan citizens. I was not entirely correct.
Reggie’s hard work is paying off. The farm is looking great! There are mustard greens aplenty, and lots of Red Russian Kale, carrots, and collards growing. Reggie tells me that it’s a process, and he always wants to do his best, to keep improving. Even though Reggie has worked with plants before, doing landscape maintenance, he is still learning what works best for each plant. He tries out different styles of planting, and he’s definitely figured it out with the red mustard. It is packed tightly enough so that the leaves create a canopy. This way the mustard gets the best of both worlds, the leaves get sun and the water stays in the soil. While we were talking, Reggie walked over to the red mustard and stood by his favorite plants proudly.
We all know that a replay against Leyton Orient will take place after our Carling Spoon final.
Common traits like British individualism and Chinese conformity could be attributed to genetic differences between races according to a new study.
Nolan: “So, that’s what this is all about – protecting Jack?”
All in all we have a group of eight people, knitters and crocheters alike. They used wools, wool blends, silk and cotton skeins and much more to create for the next month.
Mr. J. A. PEASE I am aware of the difficulty at present existing, referred to in my hon. Friend's question. I regret I do not see my way at present to the introduction of legislation to remedy this particular grievance. The proper time to deal with it will be when the Government introduces legislation to deal with the other difficulties created by the Act of 1902.
Crane was found guilty of the second degree murder of both his victims. He served at least 15 years in prison.
Dr. Scholl's Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts. I had seen these machines in CVS and Walmart, but I was always skeptical. How could I get orthotics for such a low price after being tested by a machine when my sister had to go to a podiatrist who billed the insurance company hundreds for her orthotics? Even after I tried out the machine and received a free pair to review, I wasn't convinced. Then I tried them out. The case for the orthotics says "Immediate and All-Day Comfort" and it was true! I put the inserts into my sneakers and I noticed a difference right away. And after a week of walking around in them, I can say, the Dr. Scholl's inserts were the best thing I got for the outside of my body at the convention. Right now you can get a $7.50 rebate on any purchase of Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts on the Dr. Scholl's website.
Lesson: Useful information can hide anywhere.
Now, being we are the blog that encourages you to use your stash, we don’t usually do ‘prizes’ per say, but hey, this is a PARTY after all! And what is a party without presents?! (…and the aforementioned cake and ice cream!)
All of this would be great... if only the March 15th original number of 351,000 wasn't lower than the April 5th pre-revision number of 357,000, and which next week will be revised to 361,000!
Genre: Middle Grade
So, each different tribe has a their own word for this and each different shamanic tradition has its own specific ways. Some tribes have many different varieties of shaman, ranging from a herbalist to a bone-setter and all the way up to path-finder and diviner.
Jacket: Black cropped cardigan from WAREHOUSE
K: Yes, we changed our approach. The approach is more appropriate now. I think what we did in Jenin was a mistake. There was a primitive conception that “it’s all right to endanger soldiers.” Every time there was a dilemma like this – soldiers here and non-soldiers on the other side – the soldiers were endangered.
Well, when I say a soft spot, I mean a soft spot for I Won't Let The Show Go On, One Man Band and this one - When I Need You. It's easy to knock Leo for the hair and the jumpers and the name but you can't argue with a catchy tune.
DON’T FORGET THE ART EXHIBITION
But a battle which I took part in myself—aye, long ago as it is I
"The mainstream portrayal of Islam does not usually deal with transcendent beauty, elegant ornamentation, or intricate calligraphy. But might art be one of the keys to healing some of the chasms and conflicts that have plagued Muslim-West relations over the last 10 years? The power of art to build bridges of understanding is becoming more recognized as a vital component to repairing the Muslim-West divide. The new exhibit on Islamic art at the Metropolitan Museum of Art has already attracted thousands..."
Then, when they finished their dinner they would put on their skates and go to skate on the frozen canal which ran through the centre of town. After skating they would go the hotel where they would stay overnight, change into their pyjamas and sip hot chocolate which a very nice lady brought to their room. In the morning another very nice lady would bring a delicious breakfast of pancakes, fresh strawberries, whipped cream and maple syrup. After breakfast with their shopping complete and their adventure over, they would head back home to everything that Emily loved, her daddy, her big brother Rowan, her dog Ellie.
Sunday was the biggest service in the history of Awaken Church! Unbelievable…and yet, very believable. God is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we ask or imagine (Ephesians 3:20). People just kept coming…and coming…and coming! Counting the 37 kids in Kids Ministry, we had over 110 people in attendance! God is good, and He is moving in Clarksville!
After punching in your weight, age and gender, you head right to the lunch line, and load food on your tray while a counter monitors your calorie and nutritional intake. You try to stay within your target for the meal and the day. You can ask for specific dishes from the lunch lady, but wait too long and the food you want will likely be gone!
An economics professor at Texas Tech said he had never failed a single student, but had once failed an entire class.
So now. Starting to train seriously. Making a schedule. Tracking my progress.
When I first saw the groupon I was a bit confused. I assumed they meet tattooing on makeup but I had a slow moment and had to investigate. On the BrowGal website they have several “permanent cosmetics” services listed and the cost a good bit.
But don’t be misled. Nothing that I write means I hate myself. I don’t. I think I’m great just the way I am. I just need to work on a few things and fine tune and polish some others. I’m a smartass. I’m sarcastic. Some of the things I say are more me being sarcastic than me being “down on myself.”
Lady GaGa is no Susan Boyle and that is why I like her. GaGa has a bad girl image and can probably get any man or woman she desires in bed or hammock. This is what most people would like to think but the lifestyle and sex life of the looking- too-sexy might turn out to be just as bland as the sex life of the man in the street since living up to sexiness can be harder than looking so.
This Sunday, April 25, 2010
MICHAEL GOTTLIEB (Mr. Nanny)
he rules over us all. He’s the King!
And let me tell you; I suspect we're going to have one hell of a blooper reel...
I had some trouble with my French homework the other day. In one column was a list of the beginnings of French Proverbs, on the opposite side were the finishing words for each phrase. For the life of me, I could not match them up. Uh....."At night all the cats....uh...have taste and color?".....or...."Impossible....uh...you have to run?"
20-something: It’s okay he doesn’t have a car, I’ll just pick him up. It’s cool.
There are two more things I must have for New Year and they also involve food: oliebollen and las doce uvas (the twelve grapes).
Nervous, I wrote the director an e-mail before showing up to the audition, just to make sure I didn't come off as an insensitive douche.
‘I wonder what she’s doing,’ whispers Betty.
I posted some time ago about the excellent cut price Oyster Stout from Marstons, on sale in Lidl's, and the other week I picked up some 500ml bottles of Czech Boheme 1795 (incorrectly labelled as a Pilsner!) for 99p each in Tesco's. Last weekend the same supermarket was offering Pilsner Urquell at 3 bottles for the price of 2, and I noticed on their website such delights as Adnams Broadside, Fullers Bengal Lancer and 1845 at 4 bottles for £5.50. Our nearest Tesco though is one of their smaller stores, and doesn't stock the full range of beers; hence I was unable to pick up the White Shield which was also on the same 4 bottles for £5.50 offer.
I quickened my already swift footsteps, hoping that I won’t be too late. I spotted a road sign and my heart rose in anticipation, only to fall back once again into despair. I was only at road 3 or, to use the Thai equivalent, soi 3- 6 more sois before I reached my destination, which meant about 20 more minutes of walking. Inwardly, I cursed the sois. Why did they have to be so far apart from each other? What I had estimated to be an half an hour walk became instead an hour and a half long. Thank god I had started early or the other volunteer would be fuming mad by the time we met. Cursing the sois once again, I strode toward my destination.
This is, more or less, my Mom’s basic recipe from way back. I add more of all the vegetables.
17. Beyonce - 4
Hotels also refuse to install water fountains. Because why provide free water when you can charge for water bottles? In the desert. An additional trick disguised as a service: all the bathrooms all have automatic faucets that give out hot water so you can’t use those to fill up your water bottle either. SO EVIL. I did, however, find a couple of food courts (one at The Venetian, which is gorgeous, and one at The Bellagio, that let me fill my bottle up for free—the food courts also had the cheapest and often best food, deli-style).
The starkest, most troubling manifestation of my worry-turned-anxiety occurred this past June and July, before and during the House-Senate conference on the financial regulatory reform bill. Each chamber's bill was nearly 2000 pages (in legislative text format -- shorter if formatted as a normal Word document), and the conference through which the chambers arrived at identical text lasted about two weeks. I'm convinced that this broke all previous conference committee speed records (by comparison, the last conference on major financial legislation, which involved a much, much shorter bill, took about 3 months).
There is a reason why people have jumped from one system to another…from Renegade to MLSP to Magnetic to iLead System, back to MLSP and so on…
Another circumstance for declining to review a book is the feeling that I am not really the right person for the job. That is the sense that I had when I received the book, Boulevard of Broken Dreams (Princeton University Press, here) by Professor Josh Lerner of the Harvard Business School. Lerner is that rare blend of world-class thinker with hands-on experience who has made major contributions to the way that we think about innovation and entrepreneurship. At the time that I received a copy--18 months ago, I did not think that I could do justice to the book. And so I demurred, as the book lay on my bookshelf, unread and unattended. Over the ensuing 18 months or so, however, I have found myself more and more drawn to the subject of Lerner's book, in practice, writing and teaching. Eventually I read the book itself from cover to cover and later relied on portions of the book in preparing a talk. I suddenly realized that I had been engaged by the book at multiple levels. I am now ready to write a review.
Frederic’s Great British Ginger Beer, Frederic Robinson,
I've loved so many vampires in my life,
and refuse to obey them. We hereby declare your illegal statutes,
The Everyday Addict: I would love this topic. We’re all addicted to something whether it’s orgasms, Facebook, or crack, the mechanism is essentially the same. Of course some addictions can be temporarily beneficial such as being addict to learning a skill. But how is that mechanism tripped?
It all started with the needlepoint stocking I made for my hubby more than 20 years ago. It was time for something new! And this started a new tradition of making stockings for beloved family members.
And while on the subject of green stuffing, my friend James aka tkkultist from Lost In the Warp, and myself have agreed to do a blog crossover of sorts. For those that don't know, James was part of the infamous Team North America: Primarchs Project and is a multi-time GW Demon award winner.
Acceptance–not that this world is evil, but that it is, in all its beauty and terror, transient.
Work, life, work, life, flipping back and forth like the black and white faces of an old radiometer. Watch it spin. I loved those things, they were gentle and elegant. There was one in a window in a store in St. Joe downtown on State Street when I was little, next to the music store. That it moved at all on a sunny day, and why, was so fascinating to me.
tags; motorsport employment, motorsport jobs, porsche racing, porsche gt3r, road racing, car racing, motorsport investments, middle east motorsports, sponsorship, funding, venture capital, sports cars, exotic cars, f-1 teams, f-1 drivers, f-1 technology, f-1 champions, f-1 news, formula 1 news, formula 1 teams, formula 1 drivers, formula 1 technology, f-1 engines, formula 1 engines, motorsport marketing, motorsports for sale. Saleen, lotus, renault, ferarri, force 1 india, cosworth, mercedes, virgin racing,alternative energy, renewable energy, green business investments.
The first thing we did was take the ball from Leia before she’d finished playing with it (after she’d chased it). Immediately after we’d throw it again and get her to chase it. We did this for a while.
Most significant of all, in terms of warping our perceptions, is that the shows forget to tell us that most homicide victims know their killers. Most violence is not random. Most of the time, murderers are not hiding in the bushes – or mall, or playground — just waiting to pounce. But on TV, the guy with the machete/chainsaw/van is usually some fiend out to nab the next sucker walking by.
What threatened me was what I consider my inability to encourage her to speak Japanese. I knew quite a few Japanese friends in Arlington, Virginia, with whom I had Japanese play groups on regular basis to keep a Japanese environment for my kids. I don’t have this any more. My older daughter started going to an English-speaking kindergarten and now she’ll be at school dipped in an English environment for at least over 6 hours a day and all her friends are English speakers. At this age, friends becomes a significant part of their social life, more so than parents.
Each day, one lucky blog commenter will be chosen by random draw to win a $10 TE Gift Certificate. Winners will be chosen from a different Baker's Dozen blog each day and will be announced on Taylor's blog on Release Day! Be sure to hop around to see all the sneak peeks and leave comments on each and every blog for more chances to win. Limit one comment per blog per day, please. Comments for the drawings close Wednesday 5/2
"Who? Where?" I say.
He'Brew RIPA on Rye
Nationally, that comes to $190 billion a year in additional medical spending as a result of obesity, calculated Cawley, or 20.6 percent of U.S. health care expenditures.
We can't believe it is the New Year. Sienna is almost 9 months old and into EVERYTHING. She crawls at the speed of light and you can't take your eyes off her because she is pulling up onto all furniture. Actually, she just started to let go and test her own balance so tumbles are a frequent part of the day. When she falls she gets wide eyed and looks at us. We just laugh and yell, "Boomba!" and she smiles, rolls around, and gets back up again.
In 2008 America’s economy went into a recession and many people found themselves without a job. America’s economy is getting increasingly better as time passes but unemployment rates are still high. Since the unemployment rates are high in America many people are turning to college to make themselves appeal to employers more. Having a college education has almost completely become a necessity in finding a job and becoming employed. Considering this, Is college debt still considered good debt? Personally, yes, I believe it is. I know that not everyone goes on to receive a college education therefore a college education still helps with finding employment. I would like to see your viewpoints about this topic in the poll and comments section below.
yeast to bread to toast.
On the other hand, when novelist Ross Thomas spoke to my class, he claimed that he never started with an outline, that it took away the thrill of discovery. When his protagonist walked into a room, Ross told us, he wanted to be looking over his shoulder, just as surprised as his character.
Not content to maintain the fiction that the suffering and dying of Afghanis and Canadian soldiers is ‘a world away,’ Wayman fuses the two in a single poem sequence, such as Mt. Gimli Pashtun. “A loss thrums in the soil here, / vibrates in the cold alpine wind. / Here the Pashtuns blown apart, or maimed / by bullets released in the name of this country / now dwell…” By transposing the carnage from Afghanistan to this snowy peak in our own backyard, the poet is reminding us that no matter how separate from the conflict we may think we are, there’s a spiritual cost we all pay for such duplicity. “Those who rule us have sent / men and women with our money / to kill to protect a corruption / struggling against another corruption…” We may think we can ignore it, disavow our complicity, but as the poem majestically concludes over the glittering snows of Mt. Gimli: “In the serenity / above treeline / a spreading stain bleaches half the sky. / To the south, amid dim cloud mounds, / are flashes of light: detonations / of an improvised / innocence.” This is pure brilliance—a masterful stroke of political art.
-But we made it home alright...said Horatio....and what a welcome it was when we entered this kitchen......remember...? You, my dear D, together with Mr C,waiting for us... it was in a bleak midwinter night that we arrived home on your doorstep..very hungry..!!
Brian begins:
Tell me, how exactly is that fair?
Marilyn Manson- Born Villain (this guy is still around?)
This week, as previously, noted in another post, I joined the 2012 Genre Reading Challenge, and now will include the what I am reading in either via the book table or my iPad for this reading challenge.
Be that as it may the Apostle was used to such treatment as we see in 2 Corinthians 11:23-25.
an important period of music, it shook things up a bit."
Dear Heavenly Father! I thank You, for the prophecies that have been spoken concerning me. By them, I fight a good fight and I go from victory to victory in my life everyday in Christ Jesus! Amen!
2. Bumble Goolie
There are several version of the "Jelly Bean Prayer" floating around out there but our kids have learned the colors of the wordless book and I wanted the jelly beans in our lesson to match closer to that. The result is the poem "Easter Jelly Beans"
1 prying
However the Hope Inn, where he and Bawden stayed several times, is going strong. I was wondering when it was transformed from traditional old pub into its groovy modern form, and a letter from EB to ER seems to pinpoint the date to 1936/7. With his usual waspish humour Bawden points out that the improvements are both to the layout of the pub, with a balcony now running in front of the bedrooms, and to the food: ‘Meals and service have brightened; gone are those soft, stale oyster-eyed eggs and there is is less water and more gravy with the meat’.
WOW! Is our God awesome or what?! Who would ever believe that such a horrid, filthy woman could ever be cleansed and made whole again – only in and through Christ’s love was this possible. Who was this woman? It was me.
A slow torture of men, women, and God help me, children. Babies…toddlers…adolescents. Shot for target practice. Shot to alleviate boredom. Shot for betting, the prize being chocolates; the smaller the child killed, the more chocolates won.
The Saints are in pre-season and LSU played late Saturday night. We’ll be able to start hunting teal next Saturday. After a summers worth of days by the pool, our girls are back at school.
I always worry that I’m too harshly critical of films aimed at children, but I really don’t think so. I love children’s movies, and I think they are an excellent point of contact where children can willfully gather such important information about the world. There is so much out there, including films from Pixar, Studio Ghibli and Aardman Animations, that are funny, interesting, intelligent and properly creative all designed specifically for children. Why then are the Kung Fu Pandas, Shreks and Madagascars the films that seem to be more popular? I believe that children are smart enough and savvy enough to accept plots more complex than “fat panda falls down” and I believe they are receptive to the more intricate emotional experiences offered by films like Up, so I believe it’s not unfair to demand that films like Kung Fu Panda 2 treat younger audience members with the respect they deserve.
Playing over and over in my head
I have been noticing that some of the shoes from the current fall season have a certain romance and drama about them, which made me think that they could have been worn with some of the clothing in the exhibition at LACMA. For example, wouldn't these shoes by Nina Ricci look great worn with some of these clothes?
Herbed pork loin or pasta with your favorite cream sauce.
But first the answers to the questions:
Gorillaz
Thank You Lord, the Lord says there is someone here tonight he ask me to tell you, he says I specialize in making something out of nothing., he said I will make you great.
Thou, promise of the Father, Thou
Combine dry ingredients in a large bowl, set aside. In a blender or food processor combine prunes, water, and flax seed. Process until well combined, about 1-2 minutes. Add agave, canola and milk and process for another 30 seconds or so. Add wet mixture to the dry, mixing until just combined then fold in the raisins. Divide evenly among cups in your lightly greased muffin pan and bake 20-25 minutes at 350 degrees.
Since I don't typically eat a lot of pasta, I've always treated the dish as a rare treat - until now. By substituting spaghetti squash for the usual pasta, I've transformed the dish from a somewhat guilty pleasure into a meal fit for everyday. So often I find myself sharing new or unusual recipes on the blog and forgetting all about my old favorites. I'm working on changing that and this recipe is a good start - it's such a favorite that I've actually eaten it three times in the past couple of weeks!
“The Daniel Fast” is based on the diet in the book of Daniel and is an experience for your whole person: body, soul and spirit. According to Gregory, “sometimes you are so hungry, the only way to be fed is to fast.” The one thing that Gregory is adamant about is that fasting is always about food. The very definition is “to restrict food for a spiritual purpose.” The Daniel Fast is a partial fast in which certain foods are restricted. It has become a very popular form of fasting and is based on Jewish fasting principles.
The Wizard turned to look at her, puzzled. Then he saw her. He backed away from the cell until he pressed against the table. Tessa thought the cell shrank around her, but then she saw her hand growing. She swelled to fill the last of the space in the tiny room, crushing the makeshift bed beneath her knee. Pressing against the cell door, she grabbed it, bracing to push. The door crumpled in her hand, and she spilled out of the cell. Her stomach burned, and she coughed as a foul taste swept through her mouth. Her lungs filled with the smell of sulfur, and she choked, gasping as she tried to breathe. Her eyes watered. She tried to cry out as the burning sensation ate away at her gut.
I saw this nifty spiral tutorial on Karen's Primitive Spirit blog. When I first saw it, I liked it but didn't think that it was something I wanted to do at that time. Well, I kept seeing it popping up on other wonderful hooking blogs that I love. The more I saw this pretty swirly spiral evolve, the more I wanted one of my own. I love it's hit and miss simplicity..........
That said, country music’s resident tough girl is coming after Chris Brown for a second time – and she hopes he receives her message.
6 papers
The fact that Christ is resurrected is a powerful fact for anyone seeking to restore themselves to well-being—to life. Because in order to achieve a spiritual or psychological rebirth, you must be willing to abandon all the psychological defenses that have kept you from seeing your life story for what it has been. That is including the fact that some people you very much hoped would love you did not love you. That your hopes that the world would be predictable were dashed by unexpected losses. That you followed paths that felt easier when your real path would have been truer, but much harder, and that you are mortal and will have to say goodbye to everything and everyone you truly love, which should only immeasurably enhance your very love of those things and those people.
The Center is the leading advocate of the concept of “nullification” by which the states refuse to obey or enforce a federal law they deem a threat to the rights granted by the Constitution “For over 100 years,” says the Center, “federal power has been on one path and one path alone. It doesn’t matter which political party has been in charge. This case is the last exit ramp on the road to unlimited government.”
And then finally in 2011 the cost of technology had dropped so much that a simple tape to mp3 converting device set me back no more than £25. It was something I’ve always meant to do. Future proof all those Derek and Clive moments.
alternative forms of marketing do not frighten you. in fact, they turn you on.
Doris admits that due to her advanced age, the market she caters for is somewhat niche. “For men who are almost into necrophilia but not quite” say her ads on Maltapark. “Oh yes, I’m very web savvy,” she says. “One of my last clients, bless him, was a shy computer programmer, and he set up a Facebook page for me, which really helps to set up appointments since I can only cover about 30 metres of pavement in a day nowadays, and that’s with my Zimmer frame.
Completely unaware
Jews, of course, are the prototypical threatened minority, with a mind boggling disproportion of wealth and over-representation in Western media and politics. That's why anyone who stands against this so-called "suicide" is called a "nazi" - whether or not they have any knowledge of "nazi" history or jewish power. Whites may be ignorant of our interests, but jews are not ignorant of theirs, and they don't hesitate to use their power to viciously attack anyone they perceive as an enemy.
She's Lost Control
Fruli Strawberry
I will make a post soon with pics of me in the circle lenses I should be getting soon....My new dorm room....and how classes are going.
This week we fixed the broken tile from out front (it's still not 100% done, we need to re-grout it back in!), painted around the inside frame (the new frame is a little more narrow, so things aren't just a quick and easy replace...booo!), re-installed the trim on the inside, and added in the fill trim to account for the size difference. We still need to go back and add more caulk around the frames, paint the frames, and maybe give the walls one more coat, but this is good enough for now. I just wanted the framing at least on the doors in case Kalia decides to show up soon (please oh please!!!). After all that...here's the result of our hard work!!
Have I actually moved job???
Runtime: 98 minutes
In the next blog post I’ll discuss more thoroughly the background stories of Patton and Storms as Kimberley is moderating.
and to maintain their health practices, including the conservation of
I wanted to make a pasta dish for the Love bloghop. #pastalove. I wasn't able to host this month, so at least I'm contributing now. This month the theme is light pasta dishes, is that an oxymoron? I decided on a Pasta Primavera, because I already had cherry tomatoes, zucchini, onions, carrots, Parmesan cheese, and pasta of course. All I had to pick up was a red and green bell pepper and a yellow squash. You can roast any veggies of your choice, even add asparagus, or any other veggie you choose.
Predict my unpredictable twist
“All of Eugene has drugs but this area is the worst,” Baker said. “Probably because it’s least patrolled and has the most people out and about on foot.” Baker believes part of this foot traffic is due to the Eugene Mission being located right down the street from the Tiny Tavern.
The dignity of the human race encompasses all nationalities, and favors none of them. All nationalities have the same measure of dignity, and no nationality is excluded from the human race allottment of it. Dignity of the human race circles tall human beings, short human beings; human beings with red, brown, black, blonde, grey, white and blue or streaked hair; human beings with freckles, moles, dimples, bumps and bruises, or any other sterEotype human beings are catergorized in.
The voice of God is no more.
The trees towered around me. Leaf-shadows dappled my naked back. The only sound was the soft hum of my own heart. Black shapes moved around me, but they did not see me. They were too slow.
Cause every time I said opinion on something…like my personal opinion, I know I was 18 all my opinions weren’t great or ideal…they weren’t flawless. For every single opinion of mine…he didn’t say stupid or so. He tried to push me his opinion, like if his opinion was better. And he used to say I have limited perspective. So that was that…
Do share your own thoughts as they relate to the memories your loved one shares; Don’t monopolize the conversation.
Step Three:
At The Lake -- Piece I (i) should read 2" X 11"
“BPP Law School has launched an investigation into a tutor on its BVC course who was suspended from practicing as a barrister for behaviour likely to bring the profession into disrepute – and who taught on the school’s Professional Ethics module.
I like to think that I am not an impulse buyer, that I have control over my desires and am able to hover over the absurdities that draw countless into purchasing useless items…but alas, I am a rube. I cannot tell you how many nail clippers and eyeglass repair kits I have purchased over the years, dangling before my eyes while waiting to pay for my loaf of bread, carton of milk and stick of butter; they beckon, saying, "Be prudent! We are cheap and oh so useful!" And that lovely salesgirl from the craft brewery giving samples by the cheese aisle…she needs the commission, for goodness sake. A twelve-pack is the least I could do. Oh what the heck, my brother could use one, too.
Transfer to soup bowls.
Crown Brewing Crown Brown 4.1%
I certainly can live with cat fights, cheap shots and whatnot with anyone, duh, for all I care. I’d gamely participate in their emotional warfare without affecting the slightest of my well being or peace of mind. I’d rage at their unfair remarks, exhaust myself of anger, I could skin every part of their body. No problemo. But that was just that. You throw a rock at me, I’d throw a mountain in return. No deep emotional wound.
Water won’t get it out.
JON STEWART: President Obama, Part 2 The Avengers Vs The Pentagon Straight Men and Their Sexual Fantasies Monty Python – The Spanish Inquisition Keith Judd Enters the National Dialogue The Young and the Restless – Lauralee Bell and Michael Damian President Obama Introduces a To-Do List for Congress
His mom blew the candle on birthday cake for us.
"Through this action the governing party promotes racial tensions and racial hatred."
The only newspaper that deemed the meltdown of a global and cultural phenomenon worthy of coverage was The Irish Times, which, under the heading ‘‘McCartney leaving Beatles denied’’ said: ‘‘Reports that Paul McCartney has left The Beatles were denied in London by a spokesman for Apple, the group’s company. But there are no plans, at the moment, for any more recordings.
All photos used in this post either my own or were taken from the site referenced.
This cake below with the amazing chocolate collar and gold-sprayed maltesers (see, I wasn't the only one with the lustre spray!) was made by Ros from TheMoreThanOccasionalBaker.
(DVD Covers included)
Well today started with me chatting/replying to Trev’s sister before taking EJ to school, then a quick flit to the supermarket and the bank.
3:30 a quick trip to the post office to mail some orders... the temp in my car says 110 degrees... is summer over yet?
15. 303
It’s anaphylactic,
Want to know how to keep a group of toddlers happy? Put some beans in a box with some cups. Toddler heaven right there. Ryann and I spent a good portion of the afternoon being silly and wrestling in our bed.
Sea Princess is a jacket with nautical inspired cable details, this jacket has plenty of options including, double or single breasted, short or long sleeves (or any length in between) and the cable pattern on the back of the jacket has several options as well.
The challenge that i am entering this card into are:
Have fun and remember to email any pics if you give this a try.
1 hurt
Trading Standards Officers from Sheffield City Council and NHS Sheffield staff will be in local areas, including Sharrow and Southey, to raise awareness about the impact illegal tobacco has on children and communities and encourage residents to pledge their support to the campaign.
Henry Wales was a British reporter who covered the execution. We join his story as Mata Hari is awakened in the early morning of October 15. She had made a direct appeal to the French president for clemency and was expectantly awaiting his reply:
Update: Have tried some torpedo since we got back... Herself still rates it "wouldn't have another", I have it down as "a bit rough without being tough, and confused also" and "hint of toilet-duck" So I'm afraid the 6 has to stand. I would have another, but I'd probably try something else rather. I'm probably not a good judge of these yank IPAs so I don't know if you should take my hearty endorsement of the Ballast Point seriously. But I'm planning to buy some of their other stuff on the strength of it.
Another pull out on the right.
Life is the life.
“Raymond I want to visit a dignified but popular bar tonight, someplace where I do not have to mingle with the trash walking the streets.” Peter said knowing he was in town during Mardi Gras.
OK, now that you’ve heard all about these little gems, how do you grow them? Well, they do need good light; these are not orchids to place in bright shade in an eastern window, unless you can supplement natural light with artificial light from fluorescents or other grow lights, or grow them under lights for 12-14 hours a day. Particularly during the winter they can take a fair amount of direct sunlight. In summer, shade them from midday sun, or grow them beneath or behind another plant to provide dappled sunlight.
it makes it that little more personal to the couple
By discussing a person who is in love with someone, invariably the discussion comes to their beloved. So by discussing those devoted to Kṛṣṇa one sets the scene for deep discussion of Kṛṣṇa.
Ah, but things could get a bit tougher in the years ahead for all those schools who mine Georgia for talent. And don’t laugh too hard when you read this: Georgia State is moving to the FBS level this season and Georgia Southern is taking steps toward such a move down the road.
Transfer into oven, bake 12 minutes.
As Skip and Arch celebrate their cleverness, Buck(the young deckhand) gets into trouble. He elects to moor the boat to the dock while in the water, because he was having trouble reaching the post from the deck of the ferry. As Buck continues to miss roping his target, he also misses seeing how close the ferry is getting to him. Oh, and the sheriff just happens to be nearby, in another, smaller boat.
Later, while the supper dishes dry on the counter, I recruit a volunteer to help me stir up a big pot of hot cocoa. For the next hour it will warm on the back burner, tantalizing us with its aroma.
At Belmarsh Magistrates Court - sitting at Woolwich Crown Court - on Wednesday, two members of the Islamist group stood trial over alleged public order offences.
** Plain black.
And we especially underestimate the effect of stress on our bodies and our diet and the impact this can have on maintaining weight loss.
Jacob van Heiningen: Drums
We went to see the Daibutsu, Great Buddha, at Kotoku-in. I think this place is a must-see site for the first visitors to Kumamoto. This temple is located near Hasedera, so if you plan on visiting one of them, you should definitely visit the other as well. If you keep walking further north (away from the ocean) from Hasedera on the street, you will get to Kotoku-in. You will see many gift shops along the way.
We have only just gotten the puzzle out, and figured out the 'mystery', and all in all, it was a good way to pass a late night / Sunday. Especially when considered that it appears as if the Borders VIP system credits you on the basis of what the books would have cost, not how much you actually spend, as I seemed to have acquired yet another $5 voucher on the basis of my $160 shop that I paid $19 for the other day. So... free puzzle!
With apologies to the authors whose books inspired these spoof titles:
I for one love them! My daughter Melanie was born on one ... and I know three people who have their birthday today ...Deb & Moe from work ... and my dear sis Nadine! Hope you all had a great day!
Of course, I'm totally just speaking hypothetically here.
Recently they completed a round up north through mountain city (Baguio) and the adventure made me think back when I myself rode up there. The stalls, problems and delays along the triple digit route are what makes rides like these stick to you.
Motels Suddenly last summer US
1. Our economy sucks and there are too many people out of work. 2. We have a particularly bad problem with unemployed young men. Some are bright, responsible and just can't find work. Some have no skills, no education, and no reasonable hope for a productive future. They commit most of the crime and have been and will continue to be a drain on our society for decades. 3. As all the God botherers are quick to point out, we have a changing social fabric with over half of babies born to women under 30 born out of wedlock. I'm not in the business of making moral judgments, but there is a practical issue here. Kids born out of wedlock have a distinct disadvantage. According to the NY Times..."Researchers have consistently found that children born outside marriage face elevated risks of falling into poverty, failing in school or suffering emotional and behavioral problems." According to a study by Bowling Green University kids born into a married household “experience better education, social, cognitive and behavioral outcomes.” Next we need to derive a set of principles to deal with these problems. Being a dumb-ass ad guy as well as a dumb-ass blogger, the principles I will apply are the ones that my agency applies to advertising problems. We call it Performance-Based Advertising (you can find it here) but for the purpose of my dumb-ass presidential platform I am going to call it Performance-Based Politics. The principles are the same, just re-purposed for a different set of problems.
“And how did they leave?”
I looked up and she took a moment before she said, "oh, you're taking pictures?"
Lorraine Theresa Pope was born in Passaic, New Jersey, and was a graduate of Eastside High School, known for its transformation in the mid-1980s under the leadership of principal Joe Clark (the school and Clark were the subject of the 1989 film Lean on Me, starring Morgan Freeman). Mzuri is a Registered Nurse, a field she worked in for 6 years.
Jesse: No, wait, you just said that you need to love and be loved…
What I’m left with is the writing, and the relatively small group of people who will read it and enjoy it. I do want to get my novel published; I do want to be out there. I do want some money for my effort, as much as I can get. I can work toward the fame and money, but I can’t control that end of it. All I can control is the work itself, and for now, that is pure joy.
And rebel
I but rather like the earthy, olive-colored and familiar smell of marijuana, strangely enough. I like it a bit more than the half-incense scent of good cigarettes–like the herbal kind my dad buys, not the cheap ones. So honestly, I thought cigarettes were a bit cool. I also really like the shape a hand takes when it holds a cigarette. It’s very sexy. (Let me add that to my dirty word tally.) I love the look of cigarette holders. And yet, I can’t breathe around them. My skin can’t breathe and I break out in rashes. That’s how much of a weakling I am. I considered e-cigarettes just to get that classy 50s look, but I know it won’t work. Most likely, I am going to remain boring. Oh well.
It was the wedding day of my friends Ben and Amy today. It’s been a long time coming and they’re going to have a very long and happy life together, I’m sure.
Take the time and be prepared, and educated as I have, and together we will all prosper in 2012.
“Thank you,” Emily replied. “So’s yours.”
This may be glaringly and embarrassingly obvious to those of you who grew up eating squash but once I’d bought it I spent a while just staring at it on the chopping board, looking rather perplexed. The first website I’d scanned had said to cut and peal the squash. This was easier said than done. My knife got repeatedly stuck in the thing and when I hazarded trying to peel the peculiarly shaped fruit I gave up, concluding that I had more chance of successfully (and inadvertently) pealing my knuckles clean than I had of extracting the insides. Watching a woefully made video on youtube made me even more convinced that the endeavour would cost me a few digits.
It's that very rare quality in today's self-promoting, blame-shifting, tell-all society known as class.
THE TEN Greater Manchester local authorities are proposing to implement a 50p minimum unit price for alcohol within the boundaries of the former county. In reality, there’s no chance of this happening, as they don’t have the power to do it in the first place, and in any case such a price-fixing scheme would be illegal under both UK and EU competition law. Given this, it must be asked why they are wasting so much time and money on a plan that is never going to be implemented.
Ice cream sundae's.
Interviewers have very likely carved out a specific time slot in which to meet with you. This may be mentioned before your meeting commences. If so, be advised that they will not want to be delayed so let them lead the interview with regard to time. Do not be tempted to keep talking after they have drawn the meeting to a conclusion. If they can offer you more time, they will make this clear.
1. David’s son will succeed him and establish his kingdom
Now, of course, I wasn't there, and the email above does not contain any reporting on ILFA's part, so I won't speculate further on the specifics of this particular incident. That said, the message at the end is worth repeating. Crime is a reality in New York, and in the 77th Precinct (our own), robbery and petit larceny are both on the rise this year. Anonymity is a feature of city living - and a draw for some folks looking to escape the social supervision of the small town - but it comes with a cost, particularly when someone is in trouble. We count on police to do our policing, but the NYPD can't be everywhere at once (and if they were, we'd live in a police state, and that would be troubling, to say the least), so sometimes it falls to citizens to look out for one another and take action to make the world we live in a world we want to live in.
So I figured I'd better think of something to post today that's quick and easy and cheap.
Conservatives from Burke through Disraeli and Hayek to Reagan have of course always trusted the people as a whole to come up with better decisions than elites do. Burke looked to the wisdom of the people of both the past and present combined; Disraeli saw the ordinary people of England as "angels in marble" and Hayek saw the information available to the population as a whole as infinitely superior to any other information source.
My scarf was still a little too long after that first go around, so I bunched the fabric up even more and ran her through the machine again, scrunching up the fabric even more as I sewed right over the top of those first stitches!
Brasilito just down the road, had a fair, this included a rodeo and old carnival rides I am quite certain Canada banned several years earlier. But nevertheless I enjoyed my time and risked my life on the “Swing”, it seemed like a good idea at the time, not to mention the least likely to result in broken limbs. I learned from the locals that the fair travels around the small villages every year and is always a huge hit. People come from all over to take part in the activities, eat some cotton candy, go on rides and watch the rodeo.
Well, those are my quick-and-dirty tips for optimizing your company for social media promotion. I’m sure we all have missed opportunities that can be seized with little to no impact on our daily routines. What are your ideas?
The Serious Fraud Office was investigating claims that Britain's biggest defense firm BAE had paid bribes to secure an arms deal with Saudi Arabia in the 1980s. BAE has always denied the claims.
Be introduced to the myriad colours and shapes of the infinitesimal through Prerna’s macro and abstract photography, journey through the hues and colours of human life through Anidra’s work, and marvel at the beauty of infinitely large vistas of the earth captured in Jishnu ‘s photographs .
But I think that anyone can enjoy this so please, take a listen. ♥
After the cake is removed from the oven, a warm glaze of sugar and lemon juice is poured over the cake. I took the syrup a bit too far and it caramelized a bit so it was a little dark, but it didn't matter.
You’ll never know the real me.
MRR: Do you expect your record (Bensin Skrimslio Skriour, or translated, Gasoline Monster Crawl) to be played often on Radio 2?
If the Big Bang happened once, could it happen again?
Entrepreneurship education is just as valid a poverty-smashing solution in urban communities in the U.S. as they are in slums in India or villages in Africa. Even more, when entrepreneurship education is paired with Biblical principles, you have the makings of people who are not just skilled as businesspeople, they also develop the morals and character to operate a business that’s profitable and positively impacts others.
Dawn Van Hoek has been named director of the State Appellate Defender Office. The Appellate Defender Commission made its decision at its March 16 meeting.
We see Shag, running towards the water’s edge and sniffing the air,
3. Get the other edge, and meet it to the center with the folded edge
“Cry In My Heart”- Starfield
And then, there was the ring problem... at precious events, I'd scattered my rings on dessert platters. But I wanted something more professional, more unique - so I set to work. The idea of using an old shoe hit me - totally wacky, so it was perfect! I had these old cheap shoes that I never wore, so I spray painted one. Then I used upholstery foam, fabric and hot glue to put it all together and it turned out pretty neat!
I had this gut feeling that there was some plan for my life. It was already mapped out, and it was wonderful. It ended with me getting everything I wanted. At that age I began to realize that none of that crap was true. The world was filled with smarter, more capable people than me.
“All right, then,” she sighed. “Perhaps just a little.”
I made this for a Valentine card but it would be a great Anniversary card too. I have it for sale on my Etsy site. paperandthingzbydebi.etsy.com Stop by and check it out. Thanks for visiting by blog today.
1 tsp pepper
Perhaps our dreams can only be appreciated and savored fully when achieving them takes all that we have got. Perhaps we are to walk those lonely and difficult paths to learn those vital lessons that will become our old age wisdom. Maybe if I would have been granted all that I wanted at an early age, I would never have been where I am now nor would I have seen what I have seen. Additionally, I would have not appreciated what I have been blessed with so passionately and valued it so strongly. Maybe the best is worth waiting for.
I really liked the format that this Bible study used. Each week has it’s own memory verse; plus each week’s “lesson” is divided into six daily mini-lessons. Each daily “mini-lesson” centers on its own verse(s) and its own topic; plus every day there are two questions for personal reflection. The seventh day is the group discussion questions.
Applying the Theory to the Policy:
Let me make it clear, other states do have more than 9 characters for a first name and NJ should really get on changing that- particularly as a person going through a name change process in which I have to change all my documents and present my new license with it. It has been really difficult to convince people that NJ has 9 characters and that I am who I say I am. Because apparently- EVERYONE DOES NOT KNOW THAT NJ ONLY HAS 9 CHARACTERS FOR A FIRST NAME
Sadly, many of the messages she gave me were echoed by other people in my family, by friends and even people at church. Where I have found myself lately in how I am pursuing health and wellness has been difficult. Because really, I don't know how to take my focus off what I look like and put it on what I am doing and the progress I am making regardless of what does or doesn't show up on the outside yet.
I've been in two minds this week.
9) Hurry, offer ends at 11:59 PM CT September 15, 2010.
Perhaps the surest sign that the peak oil message is now in fighting form is that the former president of Shell Oil, John Hofmeister, agreed to a debate last week with one of the foremost scientific voices in the peak oil camp. It may be that Hofmeister is just a good, fair-minded citizen who thinks the issue should be aired. But the fact that he chose to give his imprimatur to the notion that peak oil needs to be debated speaks volumes.
Anyway, between the two of them, my sympathies were always with Mother Teresa. If you were sitting in rags in a gutter in Bombay, who would be more likely to give you a bowl of soup? You’d get one from Mother Teresa. Hitchens was always tight with beggars, just like the snotty Fabians who used to deprecate charity."""
The slight embarrassment began with the pre-lab videos we watched over the weekend. As the nurse on the tape demonstrated perineal care (washing the lovely bits and asscrack) on the "actors", I kept thinking, "I wonder how much these people are getting paid?" I heard secondhand about a girl that was nervous about the Potential For Erections. Helpfully, our book covers this. "Wash shaft of penis with gentle but firm downward strokes. Vigorous massage of penis can lead to erection, which can embarrass client and nurse." Uh, yeah.
Lele giggled like regina, she is SLOW like regina, she ate as slow as Regina, she dresses as cute as Regina did and she and Gabriel got along just like Regina and Gabriel did- TElling each other stupid and silly things. And to see Gabriel take good care of her was just heartwarming. I have never seen Gabriel care for ANYONE else like she did care for Lele.
But really i don't know what I am doing. I think I am seeing a theme though?? hu hu stripes ya like?
A man and a woman, two halves of a couple, fail to understand the workings of the other’s mind. I know. I know. Can you believe it?
A year later, it's Friday night and I'm heading to Borders, thinking "I could really use some Jennifer Crusie right now."
Apparently Hermès scarves often fill the role. Depending upon ones means -- or how much the romance meant to the departing party -- jewelry fills the void. One man I know gave his ex a puppy. Apparently he thought a furry friend would help her get over the loss of him. (He was no great loss and she came to see that not long after.) At least with a dog one gets unconditional love and no inane conversation.
all you have to do is become a follower and leave me a comment in the comment section to tell me about it!
At the last minute I panic and run around wild woman style.
I recently received some fantastic news – Sandra Simpson’s collection of haiku breath has just been released! For details other then the hints I’ve taken from Sandra’s site below, just click on the link above
One of the biggest surprises and subsequent challenges from the beginning my journey was the amount of calories I drank every day. Sodas, tea, hundreds of calories at a time, and on top of that more sugars and sodium than I care to think about now. I didn’t even consider diet sodas as an option- I have developed ridiculous dependence on them before, and I know they are just not at all good for you. Water was a struggle, even with Crystal Light (pretty much the only way I can drink water…) I was not at all consistent.
The SCOAMF does it again.
Today I attended a training session organized by the FBI on the investigation of the Peterson homicide. The session was presented by the homicide detectives assigned to the case. I was somewhat familiar with the case back then but gained a whole lot more insight into the details of the murder.
It was the Mother of a childhood friend.
106) I started out left-handed, and was trained to write with my right hand. I still get my left and my right mixed up. Up until the time I was an adult, I could write with either hand, as long as it was print and not cursive.
One things for sure though, this is another one of those series where the club doesn’t seem to have a proper plan of action and what happens simply revolves around what the club members feels like doing at that moment in time. It reminds me of all the other club series with harebrained focuses (or a focus that gets lost along the way) but with a touch of solemness to things due to Oreki’s approach to life coupled with the animation style.
It's quiet here now.
Alaska Airlines is pleased to announce daily nonstop service to Fort Lauderdale – the Venice of America beginning July 16, 2012. In celebration of our newest market, we’re offering Double Miles for a limited time.
The stupid stuff my neighbors do and the lady that had a big mouth who worked at the grocery store telling us how she gave her boyfriend VD is all laughable. Even though the lady at the grocery store no longer works at the grocery store and in fact works at a restaurant is still nothing to complain about. I call it VD but most of you would call it “The Clap”. She has been cured of it, I am sure. I am not worried about that. I was going through the Memphis News websites and realized that if I or my family ever wanted to complain about the inconvenience of cruddy neighbors or people who need to learn to keep their mouth shut, we needed to remember how bad it was back home. Like I said I never stopped being thankful for all of the blessings and have never stopped being thankful I was not living in Memphis anymore but I have forgotten what it is like seeing bad news after bad news of violent crimes. When I hear people around here complain about violent crime for now on, I am going to try to tell them to check out the Memphis newspaper. These folks don’t know what real crime is, just like the people in the south do not know what real cold or heavy snow is like.
As to an image of Mr. Sinclair, I didn't really have an actor in mind. As with Rand, I feel almost as if Sinjin defies categorization. He really is whatever appeals to the reader most. But, most people think I'm copping out when I say this (LOL) so if you want a picture, this guy looks pretty close to my idea of my vampire. Gotta love the eyes!
There's more to this trike than just a great ride! The Roll 'n Ride Trike XL promotes physical activity, a great way to keep kids engaged with their surroundings. Learning to rock, pedal and steer encourages the development of motor skills, and it promotes healthy physical and emotional development, too. Every time your child masters a new skill, it paves the way to independence and a growing sense of “I can do it!” self-confidence. And of course, being active helps to keep them fit.
When I was in my teens and early twenties I made loads of my clothes and altered vintage stuff. I had to really as at 6ft 1" most clothes in the 80's were far too short in the legs and arms so I looked a complete idiot in them. There's far more choice these days if you're tall, but it's so much more fun to make stuff in the fabric you really fancy at half the price.
A time went by, I wasn’t sure if it was me or you. I was waiting for night on a sun that never sets. A piece of me trapped under what you thought I was. To big for me, to heavy to lift; I collapsed under the weight. You, as strong as you were lifted me up, even in your weakest form you held such strength.
1. I’m glad I waited for the right man to really open up; it’s worth it.
Coin - for prosperity - we gave him 50p
This new project is brought to you by an excess of boredom and life-related hopelessness set out in a canvas of a summer bucket list waiting to come true. So, girls. Don’t fail each other. You can do this. Go and make five-item lists.
I absolutely love this planner. I did the Sonlight schedule for a while. Then I did the computer program tracking system for a couple years. With both of these, I ended up way far behind in my logs and really frustrated that we weren’t “keeping up” with the schedule. I was so aggravated that I just about gave it all up and said forget it.
These English attributes are made manifest in the Third World. The schools, the charities, the infrastructure projects, the doctors and the volunteers — not all English of course, but from the Anglosphere in the main, all driven by a sense of fair play, decency and altruism, and again derived in the main from ancient England.
Sometimes a mother just knows, I guess.
Ruth sent me a jacquie lawson card with fireworks at midnight. Oh how I wished that might be but reluctantly admitted it was only virtual, maybe on July 4th, but not New Year's. sigh.
Please do not mistake this grumbling for ingratitude. I love, love, love my kidney, and I will never stop counting myself as a lucky one.
Sybil has always been adventurous. She brought this monkey back with her from her river rafting trip down the Amazon river. Yes, you heard me right, down the Amazon!
Invite your moms, daughters and friends for the special weekend in May!
Welcome lovely ladies! :) Glad to have you.
Isn't it funny how kids seem to remember very specifc incidents and recall them in perfect detail? We ate lunch at In N Out Burger that day, and as far as I can recall it's maybe the second time Bug has eaten there in her entire short life. Somehow, though, she locked the signature look of that bright arrow sign into her little mind, and now every time we drive by one, she hollers "fries! fries!" at the top of her lungs. Nothing like that to make a mom feel great about the nutritional values she's teaching her toddler. She's sure never flapped her arms with that much joy while shouting "broccoli! broccoli!" from the shopping cart in the grocery store.
One thing that pleasantly surprised me was the respect Haggard shows towards other races - I had expected a more 'savages vs whites' mentality. In some ways it is still very much of its time, of course - for example, the idea that it wouldn't be 'proper' for a black person and a white person to be together, and the implication that the local tribes are inferior in status and intelligence - but in others it seems quite progressive. Quatermain and his companions show great affection and respect for the Kukuana tribespeople across the mountains, joining their civil war and becoming close friends with several of their leaders. These leaders are portrayed as impressive, if brutal, warriors, and honest men. The Kukuana language is wonderful too, 'translated' by Quatermain in all of its grand, sweeping and eloquent beauty.
If you've had enough of "lower slower Delaware" all together, you can take the ferry near Rehoboth up to Cape May on the south Jersey Shore and find a nice beach bar that serves Bud Light Lime by the gallon. You could always drive back to DC, Philly or Baltimore to visit Church Key, Yard's or Clipper City respectively. New York is about four hours away as well if you want to make a long weekend out of it all.
my girls each have one and we love them!
Today we will finish the Orientation meetings for fall - and tonight I am taking my daughter to one of my favorite restaurants in Salt Lake City. Hope you all are having a wonderful day!
That very second
Benefits from: The new planning Laws should help Sir Ant’s construction business. The 4% reduction in Corporation tax saves JCB a truck load. “Chuck the 50 pence top rate of tax in the skip” . Cementing his future prosperity.
Bobo: Did I buy you that dress you piece of shit?
8) Two ARCS from these four (depends on which ARC the winner of Spooky Photo Contest Winner chooses):
Or at least painful.
Imagine inviting someone different into your home every week for a year – a school teacher – a cancer survivor – a senator - a police chief – University of Maine Hockey team members.
- Incent your employees to think growth
So, six-core AMD or 4-core Intel? The Intel is the more powerful chip and the modern i5s (I hear) run a little cooler and are more stable at overclocking speeds.
She calls, says she has to give me a whole bag of IV fluid first so baby and mine heart rate doesn't go down. That takes 30 minuets. Than takes over another 30 minuets for the anesthesiologist to get there. Once she is in there the contractions are so so intense. My whole body is shaking, I'm literally convulsing and can't help it. I ask Davey for a barf bag. I didn't throw up but really felt like I was going to. Contractions are about every 30-45 seconds apart. I feel a lot more pressure with each one, not quit yet like I was ready to push, but just feel more pressure, like the baby is moving down.
Isn’t the choice to allow this behavior up to the pub owner and the customer? Shouldn’t we allow individuals the right to choose whether to kill themselves or not? Customers who don’t like it can go elsewhere, right?
25. If yuh eye nah see, yuh mouth nah must talk. You must see for yourself before you talk.
Blessed are the dead that the rain rains upon:
They holster strange and complex weapons as they
Without further explanation of that incendiary term — and none was given — what can “questioning the Nazi Holocaust” mean or imply to most listeners other than that Ahmadinejad was questioning whether the Holocaust had actually taken place?
For Green Chutney
As it turned out, the parking for the Beaver Boardwalk is in an apartment complex, where there are a handful of spaces dedicated for Boardwalk visitors. So we crammed the Trek into 3 or 4 spaces, set the chock, and walked down to the boardwalk,
I'm glad I finally got off my tookus and submitted it.
* The odd twist of finding eastern Oregon and Washington the brownest places of my trip.
somehow, leave ZA. I am not trying to taunt anyone, nor
Pennsylvania is known for its agriculture and is one of the leading areas for Rye. Yes this is a Rye Vodka. Penn is crafted from several different organic rye from different farms in Pennsylvania.
Young Frankenstein 8.5 Stars
Blue is opposite orange on the color wheel, so let us go there for a moment. I am happy to not have problems; however, the problem of this guy might be nice to have.
I mean it!
so i classify dragonitis or becoming a dragon as that state that i get in when i have exams and i feel wholly unprepared or when you have two essays due and only a few days to do them in.
O infinite goodness, to suffer so much for me your enemy, who had a hand in all you suffer! ‘tws not so much Judas that betrayed you, as my treacherous heart; not so much the soldiers that struck, reviled, and spit upon you, as did my passions. ‘Twas my sensuality that scourged you; my gluttony that gave you gall; in short, ‘twas my sins that nailed you to the cross, drew all the blood from your veins, and bereaved you of life.
But the tools of scepticism are generally unavailable to the citizens of our society. They’re hardly ever mentioned in the schools, even in the presentation of science, its most ardent practitioner, although scepticism repeatedly sprouts spontaneously out of the disappointments of everyday life. Our politics, economics, advertising and religions (New Age and Old) are awash in credulity. Those who have something to sell, those who wish to influence public opinion, those in power, a sceptic might suggest, have a vested interest in discouraging scepticism.
Georgia has the 3rd largest US troop contingent in the world?
Sick. Locked in the apartment, blankets up against the windows, dust in the sunbeams, Repulsion looping on the DVD player. Sick, the room smelled of sick. Two diseased lovers with open welts, leaking abscesses, strange bumps and sores and scars. Sick. The days made us sick. Fresh air made us sick. We stopped answering the door, muted the TV, and silently gagged when the buzzer rang. Sick. We looked at each other in terror, sick, a mirror of ourselves, sick. And in the bed we lay, puking up milk and yoghurt in our sleep, choking to death on the trauma of the life we had seen. Sick. That's what we were: Sick.
2 response
B: … mapapagod ang birhen.
Today I went back to work. I operated from 7:30 to 5. Around 3 pm, I asked my boss if we could sit and operate (not really a possibility, just a wish). At one point, I thought my toenail was divorcing itself from my toe (not yet, though its future is uncertain). I think it was disgruntled. If I wasn’t stiff beforehand, I certainly am now.
34And to the rest of the Levites, that is, the families of the children of Merari, they gave from the tribe of Zebulun, Jokneam and Kartah with their grass-lands;
I imagine that this was a chore saved for the first warm and sunny spring weekend (like today), using a winter's accumulation of ashes and also the cooking fats that had been set aside in a cool place until soap-making day arrived. I also imagine this soap was awfully hard on the skin.
I think it’s piggish and severe insecurity that makes a person feel they have to “keep their partners on their toes ” by using flirting as a way to do so. If a person has to keep their partner on their toes by flirting with other individuals in front of them, then it’s very telling that the flirting partner is insecure in their relationship and doesn’t have what it takes to maintain a relationship in a healthy and ethical manner without using manipulative tactics to keep someone (who is also obviously equally insecure if they put up with this behavior)around.
Helena Chenn is a wardrobe expert and image consultant. Her specialties include custom couture design, wedding gowns and tailoring and alterations for both men and women. Helena is co-author of the book Image Power: Top Image Experts Share What to Know to Look Your Best, and an active member of the Association of Image Consultants International (AICI), the Association of Sewing & Design Professionals (ASDP), the American Sewing Guild (ASG) and The Textile Arts Council.
As I thought about the words spoken, "Do this as often as you drink it in remembrance of me..." my Lord drew me to communion with him; not just on Sunday morning but every time my body is sustained by a piece of bread or my thirst quenched by a drink of water. This is what my Father is doing for me each time I commune with him. I am allowing His broken body to keep my earthly broken body moving forward until the day He calls me home. I am letting His blood quench my thirsty and dry soul.
Upon the warmth of the night, cold and flawless
It is extremely important that each document written in English be translated into French. Please note, however, that certified translations are not necessary. Any competent person or organization may translate the documents.
My first idea for a book to complement this postcard was Julia Stuart's The Tower, The Zoo and the Tortoise, but I have already written about that book in another blog post. However, I did just finish a book based on a Russian folktale and I think its theme of longing and fulfilling a dream is a great fit. The Snow Child by Eowyn Ivey is a sad and beautiful story. It is set in early 19th century Alaska, and tells of homesteaders who wish for a child, and suddenly she appears.
There are some excellent seminars to learn more about Tequila. Eric Lorenz, Canada‘s National Tequila Examiner is doing Tequila 101 from 11AM to 12:30PM. Having been to Eric’s seminars, I can attest that this will be an excellent opportunity to really learn how Tequilas are produced and where. We always learn something new from Eric about Tequila. There is also a Seminar on The Ancient Origins Of Agave Spirits from 1PM to 2:30PM.
It was helpful for me to bring him to mind in those moments throughout the day, when the surrounding
Jose's Top Ten
Shave some chocolate on top of vanilla frosting.
So, we pretty much *have* to assume that zombies are alive, since that makes the most sense. Now, if zombies are alive, they can be killed just like anybody else. Sure, they don’t feel pain, but pain is simply an alarm system alerting the brain to damage done to the body. Not feeling pain doesn’t mean you don’t suffer damage. The whole ‘must destroy the brain’ thing also plays in here: the brain doesn’t make the body work all on its own. The brain gives orders, yes, but it needs the things it’s ordering to be functional. It needs the heart, lungs, arteries, veins, muscles, joints, and so on to be functional enough to operate the complex machine that is the human body with sufficient skill to manage to bite somebody so it transmits the disease. If a zombie’s heart stops, it dies just as quickly as you or I would (well, perhaps marginally slower, but still). It doesn’t matter if its addled brain is still ordering the heart to beat; if the heart is busted, no amount of neural impulses will keep it running. If you apply the brakes when your brakes are out, you don’t stop, do you?
What raises a few eyebrows is the list of producers involved in the tracks. Dubfire, D Ramirez and Paul van Dyk all influence this record and their work can clearly be heard. This kind of involvement of well-known and wide-ranging producers always smacks of desperation and lack of ideas on the part of the artist and many hardcore fans will wonder whose record is this.
I have been thinking a lot about how this little idea, this little seed has been planted and has spread across the world so effortlessly and so willingly. It seems wonderful to me that the interweb allows us to connect, find kindred spirits and best of all share. And peace is a wonderful thing to share.
Messi’s third of the night at a festive Camp Nou showcased his dazzling skills as he raced clear on to Andrés Iniesta’s pass, dinked the ball over the onrushing Carlos Kameni and tapped the ball into the empty net.
The Tages have already had an entry on this blog, of course. By this release, they’d moved on from singing about pregnant teenage girls and instead turned their attention to fuzzy patterns that “make you distracted”. Good work, chaps.
Somebody said it right; it's hard to change a person's personality and I guess I started losing faith in him.
Do: Get resources such as Conduct Gospel-Centered Funerals: Applying the Gospel at the Unique Challenges of Death by Brian Croft and Phil A. Newton as well as Comfort Those Who Grieve: Ministering God’s Grace in Times of Loss by Paul Tautges. These books really should be read in tandem since they compliment each other so well. Really, if you are a pastor, you should read these books.
grated zest of 1 lemon
He has always been my baby
If the theatre is completely packed, and there is not a single empty seat in the house, then, yes, I understand when a complete stranger sits directly next to me. But when there are ten thousand empty seats, why would you not give me, at least ONE FUCKING SEAT of buffer zone. Seriously, it’s like when a dude chooses the urinal right beside me, when there are so many other urinal options to choose from. These people need help.
12 many
In other news, we attended our "Preparing for Parenthood" class on Saturday and luckily both survived! I enjoyed getting to tour the hospital and learning what we need to do when the time comes. We Type A's like to know the plan at all times!! Tonight we have CPR class (or as the boys like to call it "Pinky Finger Chest Press") with Julie/Nick. Tomorrow night after work we are headed to Atmore and then to Pensacola Beach on Friday to visit with my family. Can't wait for a long relaxing weekend. I'm in desperate need....
10. Liz Brownlee Poet’s Blog (the A-Z of incredible Threatened Animals) http://bit.ly/IbKutR - This is how I discovered Liz and her wonderful blog. She blogged about endangered animals and had some great pics with it!
Nice job Seattle Times,being all PC and all.
As you can probably tell, I enjoyed this book a lot. Now, if only I could find a church that followed its thoughts …
This letter tells the story. Please click to enlarge the images.
Edelmiro (Ed) Abad, 54, New York, N.Y.
Cooled wort with immersion chiller to about 70˚, transferred to carboy, filled to 5 gallons and shook to mix. Took a hydrometer reading 1.054 + .0012 adjustment for 70˚ = 1.055 original gravity.
My excitement was peaked. I embrace any chance to don the cowboy boots. 45 minutes later we pulled off the country road onto this property and it became evident what I was getting myself into
I’m not betting grandma’s house on a one-goal differential. I’m just interested in figuring out what makes a “top” player. And why must there be just one? “The top Mexican player”? It really depends on what skills you value the most — goal-scoring capacity, speed, agility, acumen, confidence, sportsmanship, aerial acrobatics.
As for me - I'm headed out for pizza. I've got a Groupon that expires tomorrow so I need to use it. I don't know if that'll help me feel any better, but I'm pretty sure it won't make me feel any worse. :)
Due to the elasticity of the mothers vaginal tissues, the uterus muscles are more relaxed which results into a gentle and stress free birth.
For my card i have use one of my fav colour combos of pink and yellow.
What do you think? Are as inspired as I am? Can you see yourself wearing only gorgeous, handmade artisan clothing? Would you attend dye parties so that you could build up within your community and make a difference? I love any project that puts the locals in the spotlight... and as my community has such an artistic community anyway, I am curious to see how far this could go here... time to start putting out some feelers perhaps.
9. Gene Pitney - Mecca
Here is a photo of John, Michael and Terry.
By 9 AM, I was ready to get started with my real work, so I got up to go to the bathroom before I peed my pants.
Pre-reading:
This week the theme of our challenge is
Six years, and what did you just tell me? Forty thousand dollars; $350 dividend dollars.
Here is a quick and easy card i have made to add to my charity pile...I love the gorjuss girls and i have had this stamp for over 2 yrs.The papers are from trimcraft first edition isabelle paper pad and they are so beautiful.
1 Intro / I Hate This Song
Was still apprehensive about the taste as I have never tasted an Amaretto Tiramisu ever. So to atleast make the cake look appealing decided on making a chocolate rose…yet another first!
Living nor dead, and I knew nothing, 40
-Inception
You should have a good reason for everything you do in life.
Guess she gave you things I didn't give to you.
Once upon a time there lived a girl who made frequent mistakes of considerable magnitude. One of the two worst was to provoke the wrath of the local weather mage. The other was to fall in love with him.
(804): don’t worry dude, we didn’t fuck on your bed out of respect for you
2009-10 Panini Basketball
(List as many material blessings as you like -- food, home, etc. Write out a relevant verse for each and a brief statement or prayer thanking God for them.)
Since starting this blog, in particular, I have made a point of watching a couple of documentaries a month. Let me note, of course, that this is not difficult. We do not have cable – we have an XBOX 360, XBOX Live, and Netflix subscriptions (and let me tell you, if you do not have an XBOX then you are missing out). Let me also say that I’m not ignoring the many good books out there that focus on our food system and industry – I am reading too! Documentaries are just quicker to get through and a nice distraction from the many, many pages of reading I do otherwise!
I think I should be in chains, in jail, imprisoned in a health farm. I need some kind of control device; does Ebay sell torture devices? It’s really just my bed and sofa that need electrifying. Hypnotism from my mountain might help; a nice red ray beamed into my flat every day at the same time would get me up and about.
So when Michael got home, I thought it might be nice, since our weather has been so decent, to take a family walk to the park across the street. Little A took her buggy with her TouTou tucked very nicely inside. She was very proud that she got to take TouTou for a walk.
A little. It helped a little.
The worth of on-line project software varies, with some even being offered at no cost. However, free on-line software might not supply house, security, or options which will be necessary for managing your comes. Then, you may end up learning a program which will not work for you, instead of finding the most effective product to start with. With programs that have a monthly fee, the worth will vary greatly. Production firms with giant support groups can naturally have to be compelled to charge additional so as to hide prices. Smaller operations can give a similar quality at a lower price per month. it's conjointly useful when the program offers completely different levels consistent with what percentage comes or what proportion house you may would like. Why ought to an organization that must manage twenty comes pay a similar quantity as an enterprise that manages many projects?
As I’m sure is true of many grieving family members and friends who have lost someone to SUDEP, I have tortured myself with “What if?” and “If only?” questions, until finally accepting that there is truly no way of knowing for certain how, or even whether, Traci’s death could have been prevented.
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that a meeting of the Operations Advisory Committee of the RIOC Board of Directors will be held on Monday, April 16, 2012 at 5:30 p.m. at the RIOC administrative office, 591 Main Street, Roosevelt Island, New York.
“A courtman there is
The deepest we got into Asian food at home in Bloemfontein was a very good lamb curry my mom made, Indian in origin, via Charmaine Solomon, and then also a (completely horrible, to me) hardboiled egg curry. On those days I was excused from grown up food and allowed to eat...wait for it...canned sardines. In tomato sauce. I know. Weird. Just the thought of those eggs was enough to make me reel with nausea. I tucked into my nice sardines, instead: At the table at half past noon, with tablecloth and napkins ("serviettes", since we're talking about language, then and now, there and here), in silver napkin rings, a jug of milk of the table. Milk.
As it turns out, he was right. I did get some leads for stories. It’s a good thing I’m a naturally friendly person. Once I got going, I was exchanging cards with people and talking a mile a minute.
Our five days in Bali en route to visiting family in Perth for Christmas was bound to present plenty of firefoodie fascinations. I'd read about the famous beach barbecues at Jimbaran Bay and was dying to get closer to some real traditional open fire cooking. This Indonesian island delivered in abundance.
about the fragile & young, the secretly
End scene
Other: Basic Grey Pearls, Ribbon from stash
Whether I love or hate a set, I still go after the guys I collect.
robin's, dove's --
I would argue that the hero of this is George Bush; and that Barack Obama is a self-aggrandizing coward who was forced to use virtually all of the programs that he self-righteously demagogued for political advantage in a way that is frankly treasonous.
On Sunday I cozied up in the perfect sunshine and read through the collection of children's books I have stored in here. Most of them are from my childhood, or finds from thrift stores and garage sales.
I eventually got everyone going and moving. CPT came home, and was noisy getting ready. I'm guessing he's always like that. I went into Joe's room to sleep with him. And fell back asleep. We both slept till around 10:30 or 11am. I guess he was sick too! And we both felt a lot better when we woke up. Still sick ish, but not as bad.
Here's an excerpt from The Romance Studio:
*Newborn sessions are schedule within the first two weeks of life
If you want to know what presidential bearing looks like – watch some footage of your unqualified tea-sipper of a Secretary of State, who has visited more than 43% of the countries on Earth (including two more continents more than you), handle her state visits. Watch how the heads of state Madame Secretary deals with treat her respectfully as an equal and not with glazed eyes, an open-mouthed gaga and a pat on the back.
It’s a piece of piss.
Emilio Teijeira – The alpha male of GRC. My highest respects and sincerest gratitude for everything, Sir!
He told me he was going to call Jen, I said no, he said why not? Whatever, do what the fuck you want, I yelled. He said you need to talk to her, and I again plugged my ears. He called her only to find out that she couldnt come over, Matt was still at work, and the girls were in bed (told you so). He starts crying on the phone with her, telling her that he cant fix it, and that I just need to talk to her. They were trying to figure out a solution, would I talk to her on the phone? No. Could toast go over there and watch the girls, while Jen came over here to talk to me? I would have none of that. Should she get the girls up and come over? I said she had better not get those girls up. Toast finally told her, well if the girls are sleeping, the girls are sleeping, maybe if Matt comes home early… and got off the phone.
Now the pattern needs a new variable to be used, but what variable? What do I mean a variable is needed? Look below to see the code language I made;
By negotiating a contract extension for athletic director DeLoss Dodds beyond August 2011, the Longhorns retained an invaluable resource in an uncertain college landscape.
Athene is perhaps the biggest inspiration. She’s the goddess of war and wisdom, and wisdom is what Billi’s chasing. How does she know she’s making the right choice? Because her father told her so? Because society expects her to be like that? She questions, and that is what’s important.
He was always friendly.
I could see it in a slight blink of his eyes that he was irritated by my remark, but instead of reacting he pretended as if it was absolutely perfect, this was something very characteristic to the people of his circle.
Thanks for that God, so you created life to suffer (I could list your diseases all day), cheers! Oh yeah, why?
A woman has the maximum number of potential eggs (primary oocytes) while still a fetus, more than 7 million. By birth the number has fallen to 1 or 2 million, and by puberty to about 300,000. Only 300 to 400 reach maturity.
Do you go back to the holy land very often?
where more lost air-luggage ends up
In the case of a life - the same is true.
Chair - Search Committee
In the desert city-state of Gujaareh, peace is the only law. Along its ancient stone streets, there is no crime or violence. Priests of the dream-goddess, known as Gatherers, maintain order: harvesting the dreams of the citizens, healing the injured, and guiding the dreamers into the afterlife… whether they’re ready to die or not.
I may write somethings in Spanish because I can speak it, although I'm not very good as I'm still learning it, so please correct me if you find anything wrong. I'd really appreciate it. ^_^
- Audio and Pod cast education
Cody Griffin walks out to “I will Survive” which I believe is by Gloria Gainger. I laughed, but it was the oddest walkout song I’ve ever heard. Conversely, Bobby Brents walks out to a hard core rap song which is being sung live by an impressive duo. I thought it was a recording, but then relized these guys were wrapping on a microphone. It sounds awesome, and the crowd is going NUTS!
Hare Krishna.
“You can’t do that, you’re not pretty enough.”
Oh, and did I mention that in the last few months I've lost 40+ lbs? Woot! Woot! I am so very psyched about that!
It’s Heaven, it’s love, it’s love
Bogie and Bacall’s final film together was John Huston’s atmospheric thriller Key Largo, in 1948. This film featured Bacall’s most relaxed wardrobe to date, and she looks the picture of laid-back elegance in this simple ensemble.
*yellow cake with vanilla frosting, dipped in chocolate (wonderful)
I’ve definitely been getting into my John Mayer mood. Please tell me other people go on these kind of binges too. I literally have him on repeat in my room as I prep for the day, in my car, and on my iPhone on the way to class. It might be embarrassing if I didn’t love him so much.
"Gonna ride around in style,
I thought we might lose power!
But, again, the clips are wildly disappointing, since Clark was SUCH a cheap bastard throughout his career that even if the performer appeared on a primetime network show produced by him (as Captain Beefheart and the Magic Band did), they would be lip-synching to a fucking record. Here’s the
In other news we’ve lost three meat birds over three consecutive nights. We believe the culprit may be a raccoon who has figured out how to open the little door from the coop to the chicken yard. It has swollen over time and doesn’t always want to close all the way so it can’t be locked any more, making it pretty easy for a resourceful (or determined) ‘coon to just shove it open and have his pick of the flock. The Man is hopefully working on a solution to get that fixed today so we don’t lose any more meat birds.
"Water I can handle," I said, relieved I wouldn't have to drink any foul fluid. Sign me up!"
the bruises beneath my eyes,
2 Tbsp. unsalted butter
Brazil was already the world’s natural resource powerhouse: its biggest exporter of coffee, sugar, orange juice and beef. The prospect of it becoming a major energy power as well prompted then-President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva to declare amid a rush of patriotism that “God is Brazilian.”
Looking into the eyes of your nursling is indescribable. The touch of soft, graspy fingers on your chest and the warm, wiggly body in your arms is something to treasure. Over time, the graspy fingers can become claws though and that's when its time for nursing jewelry. Nursing jewelry, or teething jewelry as it is sometimes called, is a great accessory for any mother to have. It gives baby something to play with while they are getting a meal or being held. They are especially great for babies who are in slings or carriers often.
I Want Some More (10) – Complete RESURRECTION
There will be no United States to escape to, no United States Constitution, no Bill of Rights, and no guarantees of freedom of any kind. The whole world will be one vast prison. The freedom we have enjoyed that was so dearly purchased by our founding fathers is now being thrown away by unscrupulous politicians and their sovereignty-destroying treaties.
All this, in turn, provides one answer to the question I posed at the end of last week’s post—whether it’s possible to shake our society out of its collective trance and get it to pay attention to the reality of the crisis looming up before us. Initiation is very much subject to readiness factors; the competent teacher of magic knows that at any given time, some students are ready for a given grade of initiation and others simply aren’t. Fraternal lodges such as Freemasonry cast their net more widely, but every Mason knows that a certain number of candidates for membership, however enthusiastic they think they are, will pass through the rituals unmoved and untouched, and drift out of involvement in the lodge within a few weeks or months.
Edges: Berserker, Improved Frenzy, Improved Sweep.
Readers! As we approach our third annual, “Take Our Children to the Park…And Leave Them There Day” (Saturday, May 19), this story is outrageous. Apparently a dad let his two kids, ages 6 and 9, play in a local suburban Pittsburgh park on Saturday morning for not quite two hours while he did some shopping and took a shower. That is, while he went about the tasks of everyday life.
Although the “found footage” format is not a new thing in the horror genre, I think this film approaches it differently. A lot of found footage films I’ve seen don’t really show you any of the scary elements. Everything is “implied” and if you do see anything, it’s usually very brief, which can be somewhat unsatisfying. ’Grave Encounters’ doesn’t hold anything back. You get to actually see all the scary stuff, and trust me – it’s scary! Also, I don’t think there’s been a found footage film which is based around paranormal investigators. Although ’Grave Encounters’ includes homages to other horror films which have paved the way, I think it is definitely unique, and has many new things to offer.
5. Disrespectful staff. While the patient may like the care you provide, there are a host of other people they need to interact with before and after the appointment. This includes the receptionist, billing staff, nurses, and others. If these individuals are rude and disrespectful, the patient will likely switch to another provider whose friends and family say have better ancillary staff. It is like owning a restaurant with good food but a terrible hostess and waitress. Many people will just choose a different restaurant. Train your staff to treat your patients they way they would want to be treated (and teach them how to manage patients who are rude) and you will have a happy client base.
A strike of the gong signals the start and almost immediately I’m pelted in the face with a bean bag. Then and only then do I realize the shear rediculousness of having an event like this for Sports Day. This was in no way the display of athletic grace and finesse that I took part in as a kid on Track and Field Day. This wasn’t an exercise to foster healthy competition amongst the students. This was something that probably should’ve taken place at a school carnival, where professionals could have been hired to take beanbags to their face and nether regions. I don’t remember any mentioning of this in the EPIK brochure when I was first applying to teach in Korea. But maybe that’s just my bruised ego talking.
BUT.....
Yield : 1 large or 2 small pizza
Downplaying of Boko Haram threat
The NAMA spokesperson is also quoted as saying “the sales process was independently managed by Savills, on behalf of the debtor, and was designed to obtain the best achievable price for the property” It seems that Fianna Fail’s finance spokesperson Michael McGrath is aware of the sale and the Examiner reports ““he was surprised “a landholding of this size and importance should be sold without being put to the open market”” His party colleague, Senator Mark Daly has tabled a Bill to force NAMA to publish details of all property under its control and all property sold, but that Bill which was initiated in December 2011 probably won’t see the light of day.
Julie's Blog said...
The scene in the bathroom, let me set it for you….
We each silently wonder, will the helicopter return in enough time to save us too?
I settled in, love letters to read .
“Whenever I get insomnia I just try to sleep it off.” -J.P.
I attended a funeral for a man in my ex-wife's family where everyone who spoke told of a good gentle, honest man---yet I know that he beat his wife, molested his three daughters and adopted his brother's war heroics and exaggerated an injury to increase his pension.
what of it, when it was
It starts with a series of unexplained events. Earth tremors across the globe. People being driven insane by their heightened and scrambled senses. And the world is starting to notice - the number one Twitter trend is #TheLoco. Governments and scientists are bewildered and silent. The world needs Torchwood, but there's not much of Torchwood left. Captain Jack has tracked the problem to its source: a village in Peru, where he's uncovered evidence of alien involvement. Back in Cardiff, Gwen Cooper has discovered something lurking inside the Torchwood software - something alien and somehow connected to Jack. If the world is to be restored, she has to warn him - but she's quickly becoming a victim of the madness, too!
Our doctor visits are getting closer together now, and that makes it seem all the more real. A couple weeks ago Jason and I took the birthing class at the hospital, and I think that made us both feel a lot more confident about what's to come. We both learned a lot, and got some great tips that I'm sure come the day this little guys makes his appearance will go right out of our heads. I am thinking I may be spending some time...that is if we have the time...in the jetted tubs that each birthing room has at the Salem Hospital :)
The new site has been mentioned in magazines such as Air Magazine, Conde Nast Traveler, In Style and Luxury Travel as the next hot travel site. The great thing about the Excursionist is you can either add the special excursions onto your already existing trip or work with the Excursionist to create a whole itinerary including hotel accommodations. Can’t find what you were looking for, contact the Excursionist and they can help customize an experience for you.
I am also trying to get some things going for the swap, which I enjoy doing these, they are lots of fun! I am having a hard time learning more about my partner, so I am hoping that she will post more so I can get more ideas. (hint, hint) smiling.
network of symbols, gestures and roles that are encountered in the daily round
Both of these major crimes were committed in Manhattan, the capital of Zionist mafia.
Hermel rolled his eyes. “Those Hobbits are definitely going to be the death of me, I just know it,” he said under his breath as he took up a position next to the secret door and withdrew his sword. Jeremy and Johan stepped back about ten feet from the secret entrance and waited for Allen to do what he would.
I woke up at 3:15 AM feeling pretty miserable (did I mention that I'm whiny too when I'm sick?), so I thought I'd post the photos from Artfest instead of just being annoyed that I'm not sound asleep.
-Remodeling a home is miserable, add the summer heat and all the running around with two babies ... torture
Yes, it's time for Daisy's beloved CARAMEL DELITES, which have more calories than candy. Munch, munch.
Valte said Balisacan has a doctorate in economics from the University of Hawaii and a master’s degree in agricultural economics from UP-Los Baños. He graduated magna cum laude with a degree in agrciulture from the Mariano Marcos State University.
South African Charlie Vundla scooped Best Director and his debut, film noir thriller How 2 Steal 2 Million,was named Best Film at the eight Africa Movie Academy Awards (AMAA), held last night, 22 April 2012, at The Expo Centre, Eko Hotel & Suite in Lagos, Nigeria. South African actress Terry Pheto was named Best Supporting Actress for her role in the film, which also won Best Achievement in Editing (Garreth Fradgely). With four awards, How 2 Steal 2 Million was the most awarded film on the night.
I started out by stamping Uptown Girl Posh has a Present, onto SU Whisper White, then colouring her in with copics. After cutting her out with my circle nestabilities, I traced around the edges with my copic multiliner.
Jesus that isn’t an interview question, that’s a topic for a book! A series of books in fact!
funbus Says: May 24, 2011 at 8:58 am
WOW have you heard about this? What a crazy world we live in, I can’t believe the way they justified making this decision. I am sure the schools don’t let the Christian churches use their facilities on Wednesday night because the buildings are being used. If other people want to use the school they should move their events or services to Sunday as well. I don’t get stuff like this! I have hope nonetheless every time the church has been scattered over the last 2,000 years the Kingdom has expanded exponentially. I believe God will use this for His Glory! Read the article below if you want to know all the details about this…
In all of this, I hope that myself and my husband are even just half of what marriage is all about. We will be married for ten years in October, and had just celebrated this week, our 12-year “together” anniversary. We aren’t as smoochy and “lovey dovey” as we used to be. And that’s to be expected. But I still think we hold true to most of my ten things. Including still acting like newlyweds (for the most part!), even all of these years later.
My veteran colleague leaning over conspiratorially today and saying, "They really like you, you know?"
Grated Parmesan (optional)
continues talking where
We had our biggest snowfall of the season last night.
our secret –
After convincingly disarming the redirect of liberal thought, he laid any other doubts to rest and revealed that he, uh, had actually done the initial post as a joke, and um, like thousands of people had been fooled by him. Thus making the world safe and peaceful, now that women are free to be forced to have children.
1416 ***D-III/12/2002. “Six Months Later: September 11 and a Sense of Proportion.” Jurisprudence Course, The School of Law, Loyola University, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Part B-7.)
This stunning New York City condominium foyer by designer, Charlotte Moss welcomes its guests with custom wallpaper made from 18th century architectural engravings from Le Rouge. Mirrors are also great in an entrance. In this room, Moss adds a convex mirror centered over the antique demilune table to create a nice focal point. The table is also symmetrically accessorized with faux marble obelisks flanking a silver cachepot. She makes it look so easy!
Personally I love winter and I’m a little sad that it’s passing. But, there is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under heaven Ecclesiastes 3:1(NIV). And so I’m looking forward to longer days, warmth and sunlight. I’m looking forward to ice in my drinks again and fresh summer salads. I’m looking forward to my tomatoes ripening and my herbs growing.
Congratulations to both GMA7 and ABS-CBN for bagging awards in the 2011 New York Festivals. GMA won a silver and two bronze, while ABS-CBN won a silver and a bronze. Here’s the complete list of this year’s winners.
I've been trying to write a story for... I don't know how long. I suppose the idea originated in September, and I worked on it for a while, did some research and got enthused about it. But life got in the way. I had some difficulties with it, and decided that even though the subject matter excited me, there was something about this story I was just not ready to write. Maybe it was the timing, or difficulties in my life, or something about my understanding about the topic. So, I stopped.
Why didn't someone warn me that no matter how much of an "on time for appointments" person or "early for appointments" person you were before children, after having a kid you will be permanently late for everything. Maybe it's just me. I used to be consistently a few minutes early for everything. Now I have become "the always late" person. It drives me nuts. No matter how prepared I am or how much time I allow, if Zoë is with me something will happen to make us late.
While many remain undecided, the ground is moving. Like the earlier two rallies, Bersih 3.0 has evolved into an event that captures a broad range of concerns, from the environment, religious rights, 1Care health insurance scheme and corruption to electoral reform and free education.
I live in a small town. The city is about a 15 to 20 minute drive away. My own consists of ..
The beef-flavoured Finn McCool snacks are particularly nice too, although I've never liked the story of Finn McCool as in most incarnations (including your own on the back of the packets) he's a colossal coward, and I'm not sure that's something to be celebrating. Then again, the Titanic did sink, so who knows. Not me. Or you, you just want to make crisps all day long.
A nightmare experience unfolded in a Driefontein home on Thursday, 24 January at approximately 04:30.
Not only did Blacks work in the White House, they also started working at the White House. E. Frederick Morrow was the first African-American appointed a White House aide by Eisenhower in 1955; (The year we married.) John F. Kennedy named Andrew Hatcher associate press secretary in 1960.
There are 16 flags on our banner. Three have star appliqués, one to start, one between the two words, and one to finish. The other thirteen have the letters of happy birthday zig-zagged on. Here is where the scrap bin is particularly important. The scraps that form the letters are our scraps. Here is Brother-Bug's baby sun hat... There is Papa-Bug's favorite Hawaiian shirt that tore... This used to be a skirt of Mama's... And so on. I cut the letters freehand and used some fixative so they wouldn't wiggle as I zig-zagged them on.
Recently my younger granddaughter, Anna, asked her Daddy to pretend to be Pawpaw and to tell her that she had a spot on her shirt. That moment to me was better than any Skype or Facetime or Internet connection. It was Anna connecting to me and my son-in-law being generous enough to be my proxy in ‘our game’. So I think I’ll thank St. Joseph (the patron saint of fathers) for that intervention, too. And send hugs and kisses to Anna and Daddy Travis…
I was excited about all of it but was in love with the eye shadows. I haven't had any new in about a year and the colors are so pretty! I love having options and not being limited. The shimmery white is perfect for a base. Some days I feel more brown, other days more purple or green. I haven't branched out to use the yellow (yet...maybe I will but I'm not always adventurous when it comes to new eye shadow.) I also love the size. It's perfect to toss in my purse (or soon to be diaper bag) for a quick touch up on the go. What makes this flip kit even better is that the other side has face powder so you never have to worry about being shiny! They call it a flip it because it flips around...something that took me a little bit to figure out. I guess I spaced on the name flip kit but once I figured it out a light bulb went off. I'm a little slow these days.
Asked what he would say to calm skittish markets, Mr. Obama said, “I remain confident that we will get an extension of the debt limit and we will not default,” but he was less confident that the GOP will step up and deal with underlying debt and deficits “in a way that is fair.” He said he would be willing to sign a debt limit increase that did not include deficit reduction measures if presented such a bill by Congress.
i still decided not to tell anyone
Ok so today's challenges I'm entering are:
What is all this alcoholic talk about you may ask?
Annie Claus is Coming to Town ... Hallmark Channel ... 4 AM
So as we awaken to integrate the knowing of the energetic basis of the universe and in the process, heal and embrace our polarities into wholeness, we re-define the world anew. As our planet recalibrates itself into balance so must we. As we envision a new way of experiencing reality based on unity consciousness and planetary awareness, we acknowledge each other as coming from the same source. As our own science tells us, we are “bound” energy swimming in a sea of energy. Let’s together shift the “programming” and open up to a new experience of the real.
Thank you, my wonderful blog friends, for letting me share this story.
Ok, so my sister and I are kicking off our second Challenge today and I have to say this one is a bit harder. We are actually doing Dr. Ian Smith’s 4 Day Diet. Now, I have tried a few fad diets in college but I typically avoid them because I do not think they are a balanced way to help with a lifestyle change but rather an unhealthy way to lose weight fast. However, this diet seems different and is not a “crash diet” at all but a comprehensive look into yourself, the foods/portions we eat and the amount of exercise we do and my sister and I really wanted to give it a try.
I really wish I had marked where the screws for the hinge went before I stapled it down. I ended up having to get Chad to drill new holes in the board as I couldn't find the old holes once the new fabric was on. I also bought new screws as the old ones were about stripped out.
Wednesday 11 April
Assembly.
I do very little housework—truly, I stall as long as my conscience will allow, basically until I’m concerned about my children contracting a disease. That, or I’m hosting guests (and sometimes not even that will move me).
Those who register on the NVIC Advocacy Portal become NVIC Advocacy Team Members and have access to:
Shun this, love nations
My wife and I were excited to take the smoking class a while back at the KC Culinary Institute. I had received a “starter” smoker for Christmas, and we both wanted to learn more about using it. We arrived there on a cold, rainy day ready to learn. As an introduction, the instructor asked how many of us were brand new to smoking. Only a few of us raised our hands. We found most of the class had been smoking for years, then he asked whether there were any COMPETITION TEAMS in the class. At least 10 people raised their hands, and they represented at least 3 separate groups.
Willingham said early Sunday that he could not confirm whether revenge was a motive. Police had previously said that the victims had no apparent connection to each other.
¾ – 1 tsp salt
finishing its last breath and heartbeat
Whenever you see or hear of a new planet, an unconscious part of you is automatically directed to the subject of ‘alien’ planets and extraterrestrial Life. Those parts of yourselves whom for the most part you do not feel or recognize during you daily existence, know fully of all that is to transpire and have been preparing even many unawakened souls for many disclosures and revelations, though of course for the most part the slumbering humanity does not realize this is taking place.
Meanwhile, back on the Continent, their Celtic brethren were confronted with an ever strengthening Christian society. The belief systems clashed. The Christians had the power of Monarchy and the Church, both all powerful in their abilities to pursue their agenda and to decimate any belief systems contrary to their teachings, along with the people who practice the contrary beliefs.
This "suggests that UV exposure may have a predominant adverse influence that exceeds any putative benefit from the higher levels of vitamin D," they add.
Exciting news is that I found a new commuter bike. After being in Beijing and seeing all the great bikes there I thought I wanted to get something cool since it was time to replace my old mountainbike hybrid anyway. I just found this Dutch bike and it is so awesome!! I love it!! It feels really strange riding upright when I am used to being in such an agressive low position on my carbon fibre cervelo triathlon bike. It is totally fun to ride and in fact I was just getting home from the market when I got my man to snap these photos.
A year ago we celebrated your last birthday on earth.
Section 2(d): The Board first found Opposer's mark COACH to be famous for purposes of likelihood of confusion, based in part on annual sales of $3.5B and advertising expenditures of $10-60M per year. However, fame proved to be not enough for victory.
Prebook Date: February 29, 2012
Bake for around 15 minutes then leave on a wire rack to cool.Then place them onto a wire rack to cool to room temperature.
Sure, we’re still anchored to the seabed of our TV station but much like a buoy, we are letting passing ships know where to find us. And if you think I’m making the analogy that TV stations are sinking ships, I’m not. You should know there’s a lot of buried treasure on the sea floor. And with Hangouts, we’re trying to help people rediscover us.
I know these pigs.
What I’m Not Sure About
Peonies and the bathroom.
With the release of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part Two, legions of Harry Potter fans will now no doubt be drifting aimlessly through a sea of bittersweet closure. The culmination of the highest grossing movie franchise of all time, it isn’t just a movie. It is an event. Part Two has already broken the record for (among other things) highest grossing opening weekend of all time, and it raked in almost $45 million in midnight showings alone (also a record).
She's caught up in the heat of the moment: even if she rolls over its not too late to heat things up. Sidle up to her, spoon her (without anything poking into her back). Cuddling causes her testosterone to surge. Increased T levels spark a response in her clitoris which triggers arousal. Bonus: women feel more sexually attractive the morning after cuddling. Steamy shower sex, anyone?
I have heard people openly declare that they were not abused as children, that they've never been sexually assaulted. This is difficult for my mind to process. There has been so much in my life, it's been so prevelent, it's hard for me to imagine a life without it. I cannot imgaine being an adult female and not having been sexually assaulted. Or verbally abused. I don't think these people are lying, I just can't imagine it.
In this collection of seven full-length novellas, seven writers come together to tackle the questions of life, death, and time as we know it. Each author has taken the same concept, featuring a mysterious central character, and spun their own story.
Telomeres are special DNA sequences that act like the plastic tips on shoelaces, which prevent the DNA in chromosomes from unraveling. They get shorter each time a cell divides, until a cell can’t divide anymore and it dies….
In the following days we made our ways to Porchetta, Abraco, Third Rail, Momofuku Ssam, Ippudo, 5 Points, and Pastis, with a lot of pizza and drinks in between. I ran into SF transplant Nate Appleman, and the sous from Perbacco...further proving that the world is very, very small. Running around town felt easy...city blocks became familiar...and the ease of being able to call Ginger and meet up was...amazing. On our last night, romping around the lower east side, I could feel New York getting its claws into me. Or maybe it was just the booze.
She has two poems on the wall of her study, one by John Updike on writing and 'Walking to Sleep' by Richard Wilbur, which begins:
Who is looking at who?
Sometimes my children amaze me.
"You know me?" asked the Sadness mistrusting.
Colonial First State CEO Brian Bissaker said that in communicating the difficult information, such as in times of restructure, the best plan of attack is to let people hear it straight from the horse’s mouth.
‘D-DAY is almost here – this is your chance to save this city.
Game 2 should be different, as Verlander is pitching. But this IS the Rangers. It seems that in double headers, the team that scores a ton of runs in one game, can’t continue the pace in game two. That’s also assuming said team doesn’t have nine all-stars in its lineup. If any team is capable of two crooked numbers in one day, it’s the Rangers.
Black Ops 2 will actually have 2 storylines, 1 is your futuristic timeline set in 2025 in which you play as David Mason (Alex Mason’s son) and also flashback missions in the 80′s in which you will play as Alex. I’m guessing the flashback campaign will cover the period when Alex, Jason Hudson and Grigori Weaver were hiding in South Africa in 1978 throughout the 80′s after the CIA deemed the 3 as national threats.
Hebrews 1:9 reiterates this.
Because I had enough.
Yes~ painting. I have once again started! I also noticed something when my hubby took down the old light fixture. I am painting by the light of a big lamp! Anyhow, somehow along the way, the ceiling must have gotten wet. I think Brandon was the culprit here. In the light, you never saw it before, so I told hubby FOR certain, his buddy WILL be doing the ceiling! I must say,painting behind toilets takes acrobatics! I guess it's been a few years since I had to contort my body to get in a spot like this! And~ I have another coat to go!
Quetta police said the body of the Muslim convert was found wrapped in plastic in an orchard with a note saying he had been killed by the Taliban. A sharp knife was used to sever Dale’s head from the body, although it was not immediately clear if that was the cause of his death.
If you've never tried lactofermenting before and feel nervous or overwhelmed...do yourself a favor and get this book!
Thanksgiving food is for Thanksgiving day and it is worth the wait. We fix a large meal and eat till we are ready to pop, have leftovers for several days afterward and and then we are done until next year. We have whole roasted turkey, stuffing, cranberries and pecan pie once a year. So we are in agreement that Thanksgiving is for being thankful and copious amounts of our favorite delicious food. Oh yeah, and family and friends, they are the icing on the cake!
One week from today (Monday, April 2) landmarks, homes, and businesses across the world will be turning their lights blue in support of World Autism Awareness Day. This is the third year Autism Speaks has run Light It Up Blue which was started to shine a light on Autism and help to raise awareness.
no, I don't expect you to calculate it, I certainly couldn't and I'm not expecting that any of my readers will be physicists and rocket-scientists.
1 large yam, cut into 2” cubes
We visited Inveraray and Loch Lomond (above) on the way through, stopping overnight at Carlisle.
George III Mahogany Writing Desk
My good friend Andrew wrote me an email this afternoon concerning ‘Turn Left’, it went something (or almost exactly) like this:
Thanks for cleaning up my temple and all, but I can't really help you
“Herman, quick, come see, there’s a Negro president on the Tee-vee!"
that the clang of the mailbox
12, 13 This is My commandment, that ye love one another, even as I have loved you. Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.
First of all, I don’t have any of the cute carry-along containers that every other woman who ever attends a potluck seems to have. When I take a hot casserole, instead of a baking dish with its own lid, cozy insulated zippered case, and convenient carrying handles, I end up covering my dish with aluminum foil, putting it on a cookie sheet or in a cardboard box, and surrounding it with towels in the hopes that it will be at least slightly above room temperature at serving time.
