While everybody is waiting with bated breath to experience 4G, Reliance Industries Ltd has already concocted its plan of setting up over 1,00,000 towers for handling these operations in the next three years to come. However, this move can disappoint scores of telecom operators who would have wished to be associated with RIL for the same as they plan to use their own passive infrastructure for the same by withdrawing from its ‘asset light ‘model.
Pacific Asia Museum is located at 46 North Los Robles Avenue, Pasadena, California 91101. The museum is open Wednesday through Sunday from 10 am to 6 pm. Admission is $9 general, $7 students/seniors, and free for museum members and children under 12. Admission is free every 4th Friday of the month.
#37
There’s really nothing like starting your day at 4:30 am with coughing and vomiting. Especially when it’s not your vomit. I got used to vomit while I was pregnant, but it really is different when it’s someone else’s. Especially when you’re wearing it.
December should be an interesting month.
This weekend I finally saw The Hunger Games and I loved it. I've been a fan of the books for a while and was really happy with the movie. Some parts were cheesy and maybe not gritty enough to fully represent the novels, but it had a PG-13 rating, so I was expecting that. I felt the movie stayed mostly true to the book and I can't wait for the rest of the novels to go to the big screen.
I mentioned before how influenced I was by Ken Robinson’s book on finding the element. If anything my admiration for his views has grown as I have tried to build the ideas into my own life.
Once the term is finished, I'll post a reflection on how it all went. At the moment, I'm as excited as I've ever been for a new term, because I put an awful lot of work into preparing these courses and each one is about a subject I'm really passionate about. With luck, that passion won't reduce me to standing in front of the class each day and saying, "Isn't that just, like, so coool!"
You can start number one...
Leaves lights where they were from last show.
It was a large orchestra, and overflowed into the boxes around the pit. If the occupants of those end boxes were lucky, they had the harp alongside them...if unlucky, the timpani and cymbals.
sigh. my poor husband.
1 bunch kale, chopped
A COUPLE CAUTIONARY TALES
After closing the theological conference with Holy Communion. And taking a couple of hours to shop, we were hosted by the leadership of the EECMY Church, for an amazing meal, and then a sharing of gifts. We had shared several gifts the day before.
Two days later he tells his disciples that he’s heading to Bethany. The disciples remind him about the Pharisees in Jerusalem who hate him and tried to stone him to death, and that Bethany is right by Jerusalem. Jesus answers that a person who walks in daylight will not stumble, and it’s only if they try to walk at night that they fall because there’s no light to see by. Jesus walks by the Father’s light, so everything will be just fine. Jesus tells them that Lazarus has “fallen asleep” and that he needs to be “woken up”. Jesus is referring to the sleep of death, but the disciples think he means actual sleep, and say that maybe getting some extra sleep will be healthy for him. Jesus lets their misunderstanding pass, for now; he says only that he’s glad he wasn’t there when it happened, that way the disciples will believe in the power of God when they do get there. The disciples are convinced that Jesus will be killed if he goes back near Jerusalem, but the apostle Thomas tells the other disciples that they should go with Jesus anyway, so that they can die with him.
I love Home Economics. I love everything about it. I fondly remember the classes I took in school, many years ago, to learn about keeping a home. I wrote about this, in - Teaching Home Economics Through Apprenticeship.
-o- I am a literary snob who found herself totally immersed in the Twilight series and will love the Harry Potter books forever.
Again I had some fun with my white paint on this card.
An incredibly talented musician and good friend, Nathan Morgan, was jumped while he was in Harlem a few days ago. Good vibes and prayers are with him through this very difficult point in his life. He had to have some re-constructive surgery on some facial bone fractures, and hopefully he will emerge just as attractive and stronger from this ordeal.
This is a hugely controversial stance given, not only the general consensus towards net neutrality, but also the status Samsung and LG in their home territory and especially given both TV makers’ huge success in delivering smart TVs.
(212) 280-8779
thankyouforyourpatience
It's definitely a story I want to follow to see whether or not La Maire d'Eu succeeds in her quest.
In the main, this week's been kind to me... which makes for good news. I did have a bit of a grump earlier on, but in the big swing of things, you have to let some work stuff just go and move on. You can't win them all. Sure, I guess you should aim to make things work, but equally, I'd say that at a certain point, you need to stop, rethink and if necessary, admit that some things - technically or politically speaking - just aren't going to happen. Skip on a few nights and I couldn't quite see what all the fuss was about. :-)
Which is just wrong on so many levels.
“Having sex with a man is the only sure way of knowing who the father is,” says one of the men. “You can’t trust a sperm bank. They may say the donor is a Nobel laureate, but he might be some snotty-nosed teenager who walks around with his butt cleavage showing. Letting a man do the business is safer and more natural.”
“This general election is very crucial for Barisan as based on analysis, except for Serian, all the seven seats to be contested by SUPP would fall to the Opposition,” the insider said.
Today I am doing something that we are warned never to do. I am meeting someone for lunch. Someone I don’t know. Someone from the internet.
Our Segmation set of Fantin-Latour contain many examples of his floral paintings in still life renderings of flowers, roses, and fruit.
I have put them in chronological order…in terms of my typing. Time lags for responses do occur and I sent Iain more tweets than he responded to – inevitably this can happen on twitter. I have set the tweets out in the chronological order of the way Iain responded which, apart from the Chilcot question (which was not addressed to Iain dale specifically, was as near as dammit chronological in time as well. Please remember this was a casual twitter exchange and not an ‘interview’ – that is why twitter is both interesting and not always to be relied on as a public debate / analysis forum. Iain was responding, as he often does, to a fellow tweeter on a Sunday evening and not being questioned formally for a more mainstream public medium. This is not to say that his responses would have been any different.
When you’re writing the part of your enterprise story that consists of
Here’s to 2014!!
Brentim Mock has more in the MP3 link below. It is required listening.
I have lingered too long in the quibbling stage.
myself with everything an artist needs at arms reach... paints, brushes of all
So now that you saved Abby's life, your blood debt has been paid.You can go home now. Tawa's voice was crisp and business-like.
That being said I'm cooking a lot of shrimp tonight for Ros Farbush's Memorial Service tomorrow, and Harry (my orange cat whose weakness is shrimp) is hunting ME.... let's see if I survive the evening!!!
- Yoplait Light Yogurt (fruit flavors): For those who don’t like mixing plain non-fat or greek yogurt with your own frozen fruit, this is a great alternative. Buy the kind that has fruit on the top! This provides 20% of your daily need of Calcium and Vitamin D.
He was turned over to his enemies
TOUR NOW:
Who won't anymore...
Style of writing: Greeting card 'innards'
John T. Gnazzo, 32, New York, N.Y.
Anyhoo, thanks to my wonderful crochet customers, you're an inspiration to me! Give me your ideas and suggestions, it's always fun and inspiring. Right now I'm trying to noodle out the idea of bringing together patterns and projects for a super charity; but I keep running in to the problem of a good site for auctioning goods (like crocheted pillows, etc) for a charity. It's definitely a problem on etsy; I suppose the Mission Fish arm of ebay might be the best possibility. What do you think, and are you interested?
Las Vegas, Nevada, USA
“Happily men don’t realize how stupid they are, or half the world would commit suicide. Knowledge is a will-of-the-wisp, fluttering ever out of the traveller’s reach; and a weary journey must be endured before it is even seen. It is only when a man knows a good deal that he discovers how unfathomable is his ignorance. The man who knows nothing is satisfied that there is nothing to know, consequently that he knows everything; and you may more easily persuade him that the moon is made of green cheese than that he is not omniscient.”
Thanks so much Cindy, I really appreciate your thoughtfulness! For those of you who have missed the details, I am making non-wadded quilts for a children's shelter in Pattaya, Thailand which I will be working in in November as part of a medical team. The children in the shelter have all been rescued from sex trafficking (please check out this blog post for further details). Thank you very much all of you who have already contacted me, but if you would like to make some blocks here are the details of the same ones Cindy did:
And I ran upstairs and changed.
The tile is pretty new and in good condition, so a nice glossy white coat will make us happy.
I also completely ignored the decreases and increases written in the pattern and made my own. Remember knitters, that patterns, like recipes, are guidelines; they are made to be tweaked. The pattern calls for four sets of waist decreases every 7 rows. The cable pattern (which is really lovely by the way) has an 8 row repeat. It seemed overly complicated to superimpose a 7 row repeat on an 8 row repeat; that would mean keeping track of every row. I would have to count! So, I made my decreases on the first row of every cable repeat; thus every 8th row. I marked the beginning of every cable repeat with a pink removeable stitch marker, thus keeping track of the cables and the decreases simultaneously. I kept decreasing every 8 rows until the sweater looked right on Leah. This means trying it on frequently, which can be annoying, but it results in a good fit.
"Uh. Honey? Do we need to have a talk?"
Lord, I come before you to ask that the Holy Spirit, will burn through out me burning up the poison that satan has set before me… Lord, I also ask that you will give me daily grace as I struggle to surrender out of fear of rejection. I also ask that you will show me how to allow the Holy Spirit, to burn within me with radiance onto others where ever you place me Amen.
Tux is the Linux logo, or so I hear. I personally only use Macs, because they are clearly what God intended for us to use, so I wouldn’t know from personal experience.
Assembly was fairly simple without many hiccups along the way. Although it took nearly a year to build, I'm very satisfied with the build quality and overall looks of the plane. Hope its fast. Will maiden this weekend if weather permits.
While looking for something else I never did find (isn't it always the way?) I came across a number of little heads I'd sewn years ago for a doll making project. I did make a couple of dozen little ladies as gifts for friends but never used all the heads. Not feeling like drawing I decided instead to see if I could use the faces as part of the design for small hand-made boxes. Using the front and back of a cereal box, some extra pieces of scarf silk I'd dyed, as well as some glue, this is what I've come up with in the past couple of days of sometimes cold, sometimes snowy, sometimes rainy but always winter weather. It's an octagon 2.5 inches across, 2 inches tall and silky inside and out.
A Walk to Remember (1999)*
Cons: Too boring? Way too stable, sometimes I feel like he’s too ‘posh’ for me, he’s very settled (no partying), no humour.
This paring down led me to try proposing another trade (which I rarely ever do), and unbelievably, I was actually able to make one I liked very quickly:
Quite impossible though,
And she's buying the stairway to heaven.
As to the obdience, Allah (swt) said:
You get an idea here of who runs the family, and probably the kingdom. It is hard to believe that anyone could have respected Ahab as king. They most likely served him out of fear more than anything else.
"You're a cynic."
This is Jimmy. Jimmy is an old guy from, well, I'm not sure where he's from. What I do know is that he lived in Gilmer, Texas at one point about 30 years ago, and while there managed to weld two stamped steel bathtubs together with hinges to make a grill. How it found its way to Groesbeck I still don't understand, especially with Jimmy drinking Bud Lights one after the other in a Homer Simpson koozie. "You a fan of The Simpsons?" was a question I had to have answered by 80 year old Jimmy from Gilmer. "Hell, I don't know whatcher talkin' 'bout. I prob'bly found that on the side of the road somewheres" was the answer, which is pretty much what I thought it would be.
But I have to say… I was Glad that they were there for me to Return to, as I hadn’t really listened to them for several years… And Amy Lee and I spent many a Night Together, Healing My Heart
our Independence hard-won,
why? why? why?
If you want to see what the other stitchers have done with their Santa and snowman designs pop on over to the MSherry Lover's Blog and take a look.
HCG=114 Progesterone=40.7
I’m one of those gals that collects paint color sample cards anytime I’m anywhere that has them. We do use a lot of paint, including for Christopher’s paint jobs. He does beautiful custom faux paint creations in the homes of his followers. He does extremely artistic work, and he always warns his customers they are hiring an artist, not a commercial painter…which is really important, he takes way longer than a commercial painter would take, lol.
Anyway, this is a beer blog you say, what about it?
Boil broth in large pot. While it comes to a boil, chop the potatoes. Add the potatoes and cook for 5 minutes. During that time, chop the carrots and onion. Add carrot and onion and cook for 3 minutes.
A dwarf is a dwarf. A midget is a midget.
39. “The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.” -George Bernard Shaw
Place dried porcini mushrooms in a heat-safe bowl. Bring two cups of water to a boil. Pour over porcini mushrooms and let sit for 30 or so minutes. Using a fine sieve, strain the liquid into the saucepan with the reserved portobello braising broth. Bring to a low simmer.
Ironically, the bodies who apprehend this and abutment BAFPA are apparently the bodies who allegation it the least. The bodies to whom BAFPA is geared are the ones who will acceptable be abrogation me the affronted comments. Buck in mind, I am not aggravating to acquaint you how to accession your child, nor am I claiming that adopting a adolescent is easy. All I am adage is the albatross of adopting your adolescent is not the ESRB’s, or the MPAA’s, or the government’s, or Jack Thompson’s, or Hilary Clinton’s, or the bold studios’, or bold retailers’; it’s yours. It is up to you to monitor, censor, and bind or acquiesce what amateur your adolescent plays. That’s allotment of accepting a parent.
3x cloves, ground (optional)
--I found a pair of leggings that can actually be worn as pants (with the appropriate length shirt). Not that cheap kind you get at Target that when you push your hand up against the fabric, you can see your hand through the leggings. Thank you, H&M, for getting this right.
15 - Epitaph Memories The Great Beyond 04:10
There was a common misconception when we were on the book tour that the way Hanno and I live works best for older people who have the time for it. I've written here before about how that's not right, that this way of living would suit anyone living in the country, suburbs or city, whether single or married, straight or gay, young or older. It's here for all of us, there is no doubt about that. I have thought a lot about this and I know that you can change the way you live no matter what age you are; all you need is the will to do it. My regret is that I didn't start sooner.
This time think of Rocky 1! With added dramatic music of course!
The bottom line: While this still isn't Beers of the World in Rochester, Finger Lakes Beverage in Ithaca or Oliver's in Albany, it's a quantum leap in the Syracuse area, and hopefully one that will challenge the other beer stores in the area to step up their game. One thing, however, is for sure: the days of having to "settle" on the beer that's sold in Wegmans are over.
Is this shift to the east necessarily a bad thing? Well to the conspiracy theorists they'd be rid of the Free Masons and the zionists and the Jews, etc, so to them its a good move. To them Gaddafi was a hero and rightfully so, because from the perspective of the conspiracy theorists, being part of the west it makes sense that they should cheer Gaddafi for having pioneered the onslaught and resistance to the NWO. Unfortunately while supporting the Muslim Nazi's they do not realise that the one evil is being replaced with another evil. While the NWO may have big plans and may strive towards total control they do not control the east, whether they want to believe it or not. The east has its own agenda and that agenda has been working so effectively that the NWO and the west lost the plot completely. Today everything you buy in the west is made in the east, the economies of the west are wholly dependent upon the east. The car manufacturers of the west are sinking, because the east have flood the market with good and cheep rubbish, killing the west's vehicle manufacturing industry, for but a few still standing. Italy is sinking because their markets have been flooded by better, cheaper vehicles from the east. Just they made the fatal mistake of choosing Rockefellers above the Rothchilds, an irreversible mistake they could never recover from, so too did they continue to back the wrong horse in every move they made, tagging the conspiracy theorists along with them.
I used the same basic layout for a 5.5 inch square card as I did last week. I added 2 different designer papers in pink and green, and a strip of turquoise over which I added a sheer white ribbon.
So Bobby Petrino, his neck brace and his mangled face are all out at Arkansas. I have to say I’m pretty shocked. It’s more than a little unusual for a college athletics program to fire a cash cow when the cow hasn’t run afoul of the NCAA. And just about the only thing the NCAA doesn’t care about when it comes to college athletics departments is whether or not big name coaches are fooling around.
Elbert Chu is a student at the CUNY Graduate School of Journalism and a SchoolBook intern. Follow him on Twitter @elbertchu.
And yes, keep tuned. My first give away is connected with this quilt. Give away coming up soon. I know I have said that for a while (like months...) but this time it is true. Maybe because a give away makes me all nervous... Why is that? Anyone else feel that way?
Beech Haven once blended into its surroundings. Today, the property remains undeveloped, but clusters of restaurants, hotels and car lots flank the pristine woods. Commercial developers are eager to get their hands on the acreage, which commands an imposing real estate price—and tax rate.
“How could you do this to me?” I cried.
Absolutely. Tell us more, Manish.
It was so much easier to see when I detached myself from the chaos and entanglement of daily living. And things started to fit into their natural place smoothly - the focusses of A to Z were crisp and clean, harmonising deeply into a beautiful state. It is these moments that I live for. When I am magically aroused but so peaceful. It is the point in which my soul feels so magnified and the body less of a burden but an instrument in which to express and experience. The point in which I am listening to the voice of the universe and am at one with the whole of creation.
Hurley-"Yeah. Me too."
During his most formative years from birth to 6 years old, Obama, Jr.’s character was essentially shaped and molded within the CIA-MK ULTRA web of his grandparents, Stanley Armour and Madelyn Dunham and HU-EWC. During Obama’s formative period, Ann Dunham had been an anthropology asset at HU-EWC. HU has been confirmed as one of Helms’ secret CIA/MK ULTRA/Cybernetic Research institutions.[66]
After another few minutes, I got down on my knees and crawled down the burrow. I made it about two meters before I got stuck. This scared me like crazy as I couldn’t see a thing and was heading down into the hole at a steep angle. I felt the sand sliding over me as I struggled to get out and to make matters worse, Tofi was right behind me. I couldn’t hear Pumba either. I started crying but then realized that I had to get out to give Pumba the slightest chance of surviving.
I've been listening to the song Please, Please, Please Let Me Get What I Want a lot lately. Well, because there are things that I want in life that seem simple enough, and that I feel I never actually seem to have. That and because the song is wonderful.
So what's happened over the last week? Probably hundreds of interesting things but I heard the new Twilight Sad song so I'm going to talk about that because I always talk about stupid or annoying things so this time round I'm going to talk about something I like.
The spirit of Murillo is indicated by the fact that he never began a religious painting without prayer and penance, and also by the practice of the pupils of the art school which he founded, who met with the salutation: "Praised be the Most Holy Sacrament and the pure Conception of Our Lady!"
Shopping for school supplies at Walmart on a Sunday afternoon may actually be a version of hell. Seriously, when really bad people die, they may have to push a rickety cart through a crowded Walmart on a weekend in August before school starts with 3 different lists for 3 different children and they must find the exact specifications and combinations of supplies for each child. They must find two red, two yellow, one blue, and one purple (purple?!?) folder for one child - all bearing pockets andprongs. They must find marbled composition books. They must find pencil sharpeners with covers for each child and they can't all be pink because two of these children are boys and OMG I CAN'T SHARPEN MY PENCIL WITH A PINK SHARPENER OR I WILL BE THE LAUGHING STOCK OF THE WHOLE SECOND GRADE!!!!
My colors are not coming across very bright. The card is made from a plum colored cardstock. Patterned papers are all from Basic Grey Sweet Threads line (6x6 pad).
Today is Whimsical Wednesday. Jack gave us a fun sketch to use. It looks like it has lots of layers. This month our sponsor is The Greeting Farm. I used the Angel Anya for my card. I am giving it to a friend to let her know we are praying for her.
Hebrews 5:7-10, While he lived on earth, anticipating death, Jesus cried out in pain and wept in sorrow as he offered up priestly prayers to God. Because he honored God, God answered him. Though he was God’s Son, he learned trusting-obedience by what he suffered, just as we do. Then, having arrived at the full stature of his maturity and having been announced by God as high priest in the order of Melchizedek, he became the source of eternal salvation to all who believingly obey him.
Why is this of note? Because James Rondeau is the Frances and Thomas Dittmer Curator of Contemporary Art at the Art Institute of Chicago.
When I meet people sometimes outside of Argentina they often ask me what’s it like in Argentina. After all they often here only of all the chaos here that they hear about on the news and not about the good news. Funny when we are on La Margarita it’s like being in a world of its own - sometimes we don’t know what’s happening in the outside world as in this timeless pampas scenery it leaves us unaffected. Driving through the famous white pillars and the outside world is left behind. Saddle up a horse and go for a gallop across the famous Argentina pampas and you could be in 1912 as it’s a landscape where change comes slowly - if at all. These for me are all good reasons why coming to Argentina (and especially La Margarita of course) can be an exhilarating experience. The people are friendly; the beef taste great and the riding fabulous. And lets not forget the famous malbec wines, which I have to say when I am outside of
What do you know, natural 20.
Now you know how much I love PIBs and I'm not saying that you shouldn't serve a good variety of food but maybe you don't need a pasta, sushi and carving station AND passed items too. Maybe you just do passed items or a few passed items and one station. Or select foods that aren't heavy for the cocktail hour or for the seated meal. You don't have to serve a large steak, you can opt for lighter fare, like fish.
"The nature of the universe," Marcus Antoninus has observed, "delights not in anything so much as to alter all things, and present them under another form. This is her conceit to play one game and begin another. Matter is placed before her like a piece of wax and she shapes it to all forms and figures. Now she makes a bird, then out of the bird a beast--now a flower, then a frog, and she is pleased with her own magical performance as men are with their own fancies."
*ORANGE JUICE
I do not recall seeing "Please read Indian Country Etiquette" on the Quileute Nation website last time I was on there... Clicking on the link (located bottom right of the main page) will take you to a statement, that reads in part:
So grab some lemons.......and Enjoy!
How was your Christmas????
Human is different. We have a soul, spirit, and a free will. Because of that, the “energy” we speak of in this article isn’t really the same understanding of the “normal” energy in physics.
Even though I know nothing about Star Wars, he's been talking about it for months so I got him a bedroom set and a light saber (which he is still calling a life saver). He was pretty pumped and as soon as everyone left he wanted his room transformed.
Bell and Gott said the Chambliss awards validate the quality of WKU’s faculty and students and the high caliber research under way in the department. “These awards bring prestige to WKU and let everyone know that we do have an excellent Department of Physics and Astronomy,” Bell said.
The UN refugee agency said Friday that heavy rains have hit Somali refugee camps in Ethiopia and Kenya, damaging tents, flooding roads and affecting aid delivery. This comes as the refugee population in southern Ethiopia swells to more than 150,000.
For the Board, the question was "whether we can consider the meaning a surname has in a foreign language in our surname analysis." Observing that the TTAB applies the doctrine of foreign equivalents in Section 2(e)(1) mere descriptiveness cases and in Section 2(d) likelihood of confusion cases, the Board held that "whether a term is primarily merely a surname must take into consideration the meaning the term has in a foreign language."
Life is a series of decisions.
All we have to do is to keep winning our games and hope for the “worst” for them.
The head of MI5 strongly defended the work of the Security Service tonight in the face of damaging accusations that it had sought to cover up its involvement in the torture of detainees.
Anyways lets go to sleep. Warna kalh Shaadi mein we won’t enjoy. Good night.
1. Cincinatti Bengals
I can just imagine thousands of years ago, hard-working people clearing the land, and piling those rocks up.
Much to her shock, Katniss has fueled an unrest she's afraid she cannot stop. And what scares her even more is that she's not entirely convinced she should try. As time draws near for Katniss and Peeta to visit the districts on the Capitol's cruel Victory Tour, the stakes are higher than ever. If they can't prove, without a shadow of a doubt, that they are lost in their love for each other, the consequences will be horrifying.
The bedding – I LOVED the Serena and Lily bedding I found. I would probably also have another set of just navy and maybe white—they say you need plenty of sheets (I’m sure I’ll learn that down the road)
The Zinniker Family Farm, the oldest continually operating biodynamic farm in the country, was shut down in the fall of 2009 by the State of Wisconsin for distributing raw milk through a cow-share program that they had run since the mid-1980s. The State’s actions have put the Zinnikers under severe financial strain. As farmer Mark Zinniker explains, “We’re still trying to figure out how to try and make a living and stay at the same scale, which is very difficult. The milk really gave us the ability to stay on the smaller side. For a small farm like this to be able to survive, it has to have that community support, people who value that small-scale production and are willing to pay the real cost of that production.”
Life is always changing.
The solution? A comfy-chic wardrobe, some great study music, and some easy, quick activities that will help you de-stress and give you the study break you deserve.
Had to be silent in the great tumult, get up at an ungodly hour, the hour when birds fall.
One area I suffered through as a young Ranger that I now refuse to scrimp on is my sleeping comfort. I recognize the importance of being able to function for lengthy periods of time without adequate sleep, have done so, and can still do so. Nevertheless, when the opportunity arises to sleep, especially under tactical conditions, it is imperative to get the highest quality sleep/rest you are capable of, under the circumstances. In the summer months, this means I use the standard "Ranger Taco" bivy system. It is a quilted poncho liner and a poncho, folded and snapped together into an sort of "pseudo" sleeping bag, with a heavy-duty casualty/space blanket in the inside. This will keep the average person comfortably warm in temperatures well down into the single digits, if he/she possesses even a moderately normal metabolism. In a snow cave or snow trench, this system has kept me on the edge of sweating, even when the outside temperature was in the negative double-digits. Outside of the summer months however, these days, I generally pack a sleeping bag system in my rucksack. Again, minimalism is my goal, so rather than a complete GI sleep system, I pack the Gore-Tex bivy sack, and the black, intermediate-weight bag. If the temperatures in my area are going to reach -30F or colder, it means there is at least a couple of feet of snow already on the ground. It doesn't take that much effort or time to build an expedient shelter that, combined with this sleeping bag system, will keep me cozily warm, even in these extreme cold conditions.
This trend to blog less and pin more disturbs me. Blogging is an awesome form of communication. I do not actually "know" the people I blog with regularly but I do know their importance to me. Even those with whom I disagree on key issues, I still want to understand the path to their positions. To quote my Dad, understanding the "why of a thing" is how progress is made.
WALKER DD. Influenza immunisation in industry. Trans Sec Occup Med 1971; 21: 87-92.
1) Choose your size: between 7", regular or 12" known as Phat. In my opinion, 7" is seriously good enough and perhaps even a little more for you. Unless you decide to be a glutton that day.
The disability lobby says that the state-owned Remploy, which offers employment in their factories for people with disabilities, is outdated and disabled people do not want to work in such “segregated employment”. Yet with the unemployment figures growing almost daily, over a million youth unemployed and 13 jobs being lost in the public sector to every one made in the private sector, the stark truth is that most working-class people with disabilities would love a chance for employment, either in a Remploy factory or anywhere else for that matter.
When I was a child, we would return home from church to see thieves running out of our house when they heard the car, their arms full of our belongings! The feeling of invasion in the place you are to feel safest was difficult to get over.
Stay up til all hours or even all night, because I'm that dad.
9. Don’t magnify her imperfections until they drive you crazy.
As cool as that all sounds, you could fertilize every Farmville farm on Facebook with it. The easiest thing to point out is that Fleming never discovered penicillin. Secondly, Churchill did have a pneumonia, but it wasn’t treated with penicillin. It is known that Ernst Duchesne was using penicilium glaucoma in 1897 to cure typhoid in guinea pigs. For whatever reason, he never applied for a patent, but his notes and correspondence with other scientists that clearly thought he was crazy do prove he was using penicillin for medicinal purposes.
2. We will post new challenges the first and third Monday of every month. It will be up to you to create a layout that has been inspired by our challenges!
The reality was somewhat different. In fact, after we got him, Gary and I walked away laughing, and with our tails slightly between our legs. He was clearly no racist - and clearly knew how to put us in our place.
Happy Wednesday guys!
Continued speaking to her..resonating
I end up boiling a few kettles of water and washing in the sink. As I’m doing this, I hear my 18 month old girl wake up by coughing like a sea-lion! Normally, we’re not the panicking type of parents, but my father-in-law was diagnosed with pneumonia on Monday and she had been around him on the weekend. 10.45 we find ourselves at the front door to the work in centre (thought it better than clogging up A&E) only to be told they’re closed…….. So off we go to A&E.
Schindler’s rescues continue when a group of women scheduled to be placed into the safety of his camps are sent into Auschwitz instead. It is more than a mistake,it is a death sentence. However, Schindler somehow pulls off yet another saintly act. In this excerpt taken from the official Oskar Schindler Legacy website, (http://www.oskarschindler.dk/legacy/content1.html) a contributor writes, “A Schindler survivor, Abraham Zuckerman, later recalled: ‘Can you imagine what power it took for him to pull out from Auschwitz 300 people? At Auschwitz, there was only one way you got out, we used to say. Through the chimney! Understand? Nobody ever got out of Auschwitz. But Schindler got out 300 …!’ When the women arrived to the factory in Brunnlitz, weak, hungry, frostbitten, less than human, Oskar Schindler met them in the courtyard. They never forgot the sight of Schindler standing in the doorway. And they never forgot his raspy voice when he – surrounded by SS guards – gave them an unforgettable guarantee: ‘Now you are finally with me, you are safe now. Don’t be afraid of anything. You don’t have to worry anymore.’
My measurements are slightly higher than last time, but the difference is so small that I'm going to say there was no change. A quarter inch here and there makes no difference. I'll be excited or worried when the difference is 1/2 to 1 inch or more. Here they are anyway:
If you're wondering how I could have produced muffins to photograph when I could barely even manage to remember to post about them, the answer is very simple. I always, always have these muffins on hand in my house. Out of all of Ellie Krieger's recipes that I have tried (and I've probably tried over a hundred by now), this one is the hands-down household fave. In fact, my husband eats two every single work day! I freeze single and double batches of these muffins, so that he can easily thaw and tote some to work each and every day. I've even tried varying the basic formula, but he just likes the muffins the way Ellie intended them; no bells and whistles are needed here! It's probably the first recipe I've ever committed to memory; I could crank these puppies out in my sleep by now. One quick note: I can usually get at least 15 muffins per batch, rather than the yield of 12 listed in the book.
But another thing was missing: The trainer didn't show up. ("First time ever," someone from the gym told me.)
English – Caleb learned about words that serve as nouns and as verbs (cut, watch, etc.), he worked on prepositional phrases, and he reviewed using capital letters to start sentences and proper nouns.
At the hight of Apartheid in 1978 Soweto had 115 football fields, 3 Rugby fields, 4 athletic tracks, 11 Cricket fields, 2 Golf courses, 47 Tennis courts, 7 swimming pools built to Olympic standards, 5 Bowling alleys, 81 Netball fields, 39 children play parks, and countless civic halls, movie houses and clubhouses.
That because of us,
Will a time machine ever be invented? Maybe, but I don't think we can count on it, and a photographic house memoir might be the next best thing.
A perfectly crisp winter white tablecloth.
All three of the girls loved the show. Landry said her favorite was of course Elmo. Reese said her favorite was cookie monster and Abby Cadabby. However anytime Cookie Monster wasn't on stage she asked where he was so I think he was the FAV!
Perhaps the most common method of acne control is a regular exfoliation. This simply means the removal of dead skin cells on top layer of the skin, which prevents them from falling into pores, where they join, they can be points and blacks. Peeling as a means to control acne can be done either physically or chemically. PhysicallyPeeling requires the use of abrasive materials, such as acne, “Scrubs”, available in many drugstores, or some sort of soft cloth. They work on a microscopic level to remove skin cells, but often lead to visible skin exfoliation. Moreover, along this same idea of using chemical peels such as salicylic acid and glycolic acid, promote the peeling of the skin. This may continue until dry and scaly skin when acne control productused is too hard. Peeling products are readily available across the counter and are usually relatively inexpensive, especially when using generic brands.
Well, when my BFF and her husband planned a trip down here I got to looking around and decided the apartment needed a little botox. Nothing major, just tighten the place up and make it more appealing.
But I’ll see you in the sky above
Going by straightforward definitions, a mother tongue should be the tongue that your mother uses. Assuming that she uses it to you and so you learn it from her, your mother’s tongue is then your mother tongue too.
The ruined body of my land all still.
In my twenties, often I would not know what my feelings were, however strong, and in the late nineties when I discovered my feelings I found they were anger, frustration, resentment and fear. Resentment is one of the ground bass notes of this blog, obvious in my recent London post. Here, I state it to show that I am not ashamed of it, in the hope that I might pass through the other side.
Shape into loaves and let raise.
OG: 1.080 ABV: 9.3 abv IBUs: 24
Next stop Goodland, KS where their claim to fame is an 80′ tall rendition of Van Gogh’s Sunflower picture. I didn’t see any sunflowers but I’m sure they have their reasons and we read in the brochure that there are only 7 like it in the world. Then it was all flying kites, a quick trip to a museum (because I have to find something educational to subject my family to) and GRANDBABIES!
Finding our way through the tough
Record: 27-7
We arrived at the gate where media could enter the finish line area, and, flashing our badges just like we had practiced, the guards parted the metal barricades and let us walk through the line. As soon as we breached the gate, we were bombarded with runners, family supporters, volunteers, and gust after gust of windswept foil anti-hypothermia blankets.
The perfect first course for a cool brisk autumn day is this golden savory
system of this world will take you up for only a short while. Permanent success
1 cherries
The site also tries to give insights into my writing, whether I’m feeling affectionate or thinking about death or if I use present tense verbs or what sense (read: vision) I’m using for description.
In 1869, at the age of 24, Nietzsche was appointed a professorial position at the University of Basel in Switzerland. There he wrote his first extended study The Birth of Tragedy, concerned with its Greek origins and in broader terms how it applied to modern day culture. The work failed to gain academic praise, conversely because it demonstrated Nietzsche’s beginnings as a truly original thinker, flying “against the wind, not with it”, through sentiments describing Christianity as “life’s nausea and disgust with life, merely concealed behind, masked by, dressed up as, faith in ‘another’ or ‘better’ life.” This, in part because, and contrary to his upbringing, Nietzsche had already determined religion a fallacy, and the promise of another life an even bigger one. Thus he believed in this life and as he says in The Gay Science strived to get the “greatest fruitfulness and greatest enjoyment” from it by living “dangerously” as befits a “free spirit”. There are many fascinating aspects to Nietzsche’s life and his work, but one that has interested me more than any other is his view of women, summarized perfectly in his belief that “they make the highs higher and the lows more frequent.” This is, perhaps, where Nietzsche was truly speaking from experience having had his proposal of marriage rejected by varied love-interests. He tackles his awe and incomprehension of women head on, through means of mocking witticisms and more earnestly in the preface to Beyond Good and Evil by comparing “truth” with a “woman” for after all “philosophers, in so far as they have been dogmatists, have failed to understand women” and often “truth” unable to truimph over either because both truth and woman, “she has never allowed herself to be won; and at present every kind of dogma stands with sad and discouraged mien–IF, indeed, it stands at all!” This is perhaps the highest compliment Nietzsche ever pays the female sex, elsewhere offering somewhat more acerbic snippets, especially when considering the relations between the sexes. In Human, All Too Human he says: “If spouses did not live together, good marriages would be more frequent,” and more scathingly about the female nature: “Woman’s love involves injustice and blindness against everything that she does not love,” before himself concluding that “In sum, one cannot be too kind about women.” He does, however, offer some sound advice at one point by saying: “When entering a marriage, one should ask the question: do you think you will be able to have good conversations with this woman right into old age? Everything else in marriage is transitory, but most of the time in interaction is spent in conversation.” Perhaps prospective spouses should take heed.
I don't know about you, but I'm really tired of this "roller coaster" Christianity. You know what I mean, up one day and down the next...one step forward and two steps back - all based on your circumstances and how you FEEL. Thank goodness God is the same yesterday, today and forever, cause His people are all over the place...and unfortunately, I speak from experience.
Then there are the words of Jesus Christ in Matthew 23:37. “O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not.”
Reverting to childhood speech for plausible deniability.
What if we learned to celebrate those stages with others, instead of hiding them away, waiting until they are complete and deemed ready to be publicly displayed?
Today is the birthday for the Boys and Girls Club where I work, and we wanted to have a dance party. It was ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE to fill up a few CDs of popular, dance worthy music that didn’t reference sex, drugs and alcohol, or use curse words. Apparently, pop musicians these days have decided to wage war against all things family-friendly. I have never been more grateful for J-Beibs, Selena Gomez and T-Swift. As annoying as some of their songs may be, they tend to be positive. Or to at least they don’t promote unhealthy behavior other than moping about your ex (Really Taylor? All we have to do is check the tabloids and we know who you are singing about).
Then today, I spent time with K going to see the Hunger Games, visiting my mom, and taking some batting practice. Needless to say, we aren’t looking forward to school tomorrow, but we have to do what we have to do, and I can smell summer around the corner. Any thought of teaching summer school is out the window if Spring Break was a preview of what is to come! Thank you God!
I spent the majority of my Augusts, in my youth, at my Uncle Bill's house at the shore in Wild Wood Crest NJ. Uncle Bill, actually my dad's uncle (which made him my great uncle and is who I named after) owned an old 5 bedroom, 1 bathroom house a few blocks from the beach. He lived there year round with his brother Bud and their dog Butch. The house was open all summer long to any of his 10 nieces and nephews as well as his 35 great nieces and nephews. From Memorial Day until Labor Day the other 3 bedrooms were occupied by various families vacationing. Most summers there was also 2 to 4 teen aged great nieces/nephews who had the opportunity to live and work down the shore for the summer with free room and board because of Uncle Bill's and Uncle Bud's generosity. During the month of August my family shared the space with Aunt Kathleen's family and on average there were about 20 to 22 people living in that house.
I have very limited Halloweenpapers, just one new and two I've used the last 2-3 years :) So to make this card I had to be creative. I only used small scraps of a "real" Halloweenpaper. The orange one is from basic grey (I can't remember the name of the line though as I bought it years ago and have cut off the namestrip. If anyone knows, leave a comment and I'll write it here) The bats are from a 4x4" quickutz (lifestyle crafts) die. I used spellbinders for the ovals and two shades of distressink for the image edges. The glittery text is a sticker I've had for ages.
and she pays attention to details. Birthdays are to be celebrated and
My legs are weary from this battle, my fight is almost over, I can feel it.
Walt was human, he suffered through many fits of anger and depression through his many trials. Yet he learned from each setback, and continued to take even bigger risks which combined with the wisdom that experiencing failure can provide, led to fabulous financial rewards.
The world of Blackbirds is rather encapsulated and a little vague in the background. The book seems to be set in a contemporary US and other than place names there isn't much description of where the action takes place. It's also kept to the edges of the highways or other places where people are in transit; Miriam – and consequently the narrative – never settles down in one place for long. The same goes for the rest of the cast of characters. There are limited players and other than Miriam, we don't learn too much about the others, or rather, we learn a little about their backgrounds, but never enough to have a complete picture—arguably, the same can be said for Miriam. While this small cast helps keeping the focus tightly on Miriam's race against the clock to save Louis, the fact that so much of their character development seems to be the part of the ice berg below the surface, also serves to keep the reader emotionally disconnected from them. Apart from Louis and Miriam, you don't really care what happens to them, in the sense that if they get hurt, well so be it: "It is what it is." as Miriam would say. At the same time, there are one or two bit players that kept popping back into my mind, making me wonder about what happened to them. To give Wendig credit, of all the main characters, there are only two of whom we really don't know what happens to them, the others are all nicely squared away, some more literally than others. On the whole though, I kept wanting more from these characters, more development, more depth –or rather, a less murky depth – and more purpose. Because, other than Ashley and Ingersoll, our characters don't really seem to have clear motivations for their actions, something that I at least struggled with, perhaps because I'm not used to that in my reading.
JLL issue a commentary with their quarterly report and two weeks ago, it strikingly pointed out that commercial property may suffer an additional 20-30% decline in commercial prices if the Government implements plans to abolish Upward Only Rent Review leases, which would mean all commercial leases would be able to seek market rents.
Belgian driver, D’Ambrosio is scheduled to drive the car on the first day of the Mugello test on May 1, before handing the Lotus over to race drivers Kimi Raikkonen and Romain Grosjean for the second and third days respectively.
… The Gospel is not an adjective that modifies our groups of nouns and verbs, our possessions and actions. Rather, The Gospel comes as a set of “verbs” (of actions, an entire life with Christ, care for the marginalized, love for one another) which form us into a set of “nouns” (children of God, the body of Christ, a temple of the Holy Spirit).
If you're like me and already have a great lady or fella in your life, you can take that lucky person out for a night on the town. Or if you're single, you can get yourself a new outfit to help you feel fabulous on your next date.
NOFX RANCID PENNYWISE COCKNEY REJECTS THE ADICTS GBH ENGLISH BEAT HEPCAT HOT WATER MUSIC Youth Brigade
We also had a meeting on Thursday with his doctor, two primary nurses and a social worker to get all our questions answered, and to talk about the plan to get him home. It was a productive meeting, and while (of course!) we don't have an exact plan or timeline (it's really up to Andrew) we know what needs to happen to get him home. The biggest challenge upcoming is eating. Preemies often have problems with remembering to suck/swallow/breath when they take a bottle and can aspirate (swallow fluid into the lungs), brady (heartrate drop) or other issues. We know he is already dealing with reflux, so of course, that can be a problem too. The doctor was hopeful that he was ready to try feeds again.
The Avengers goes at a brisk pace, and it's almost surprising when it finally clocks at 142 minutes (according to IMDB), but that time is spent just the way it should - in multiple locations, creating fully realized situations in each, propelling the plot forward while subtly building and solidifying a team I did not believe would ever translate on the big screen. All the actors - including ones I had doubts about - deliver flawlessly, and if Mark Ruffalo is not Edward Norton... well, that's not his fault, and he still does a great job. Depending on viewers' knowledge of previous films has allowed Whedon to not only ignore the need for a backstory, but also to build on the characters from where we've last seen them. Those are not people finding themselves. Those are people who've found themselves and now are finding something bigger.
Comment on any post today for a final chance to win a copy of Streams of Living Water, a devotional book that I co-authored with my father, F. Burleigh Willard.
1. The Church started, not in Rome, nor in Germany, England, or Switzerland, but in the East, in Jerusalem, the City of our Lord, and city from which all the Apostles set out. As the Gospel of Luke says, “repentance and remission of sins should be preached in His name to all nations, beginning at Jerusalem” (Lk 24.47); and as it reads in the Acts of the Apostles: “you shall be witnesses to me in Jerusalem, and in Judea and Samaria, and to the ends of the earth” (Acts 1.8). The Orthodox Church of Christ (sometimes called “Eastern Orthodox” or “Greek Orthodox”) is the native Church of the Holy Land, and has owned and operated the most holy sites in Christendom for the past two millennia. The families that are the descendants of those first disciples of Jesus have lived continuously in the Holy Land as devout Orthodox Faithful for the past 2000 years, for the Church of Jerusalem following the Great Schism of 1054, would remain part of the Orthodox Church, not the Roman Catholic Church, although Rome would later establish a presence there.
The major difference in the designs of this and the Otto Cycle engine is that while the Otto needs two complete rotations of the crankshaft to have on power stroke (1/2 power stroke per revolution) the Wankel engine has one power stroke per revolution.
It was an effort for me to speak, but I managed (in my dream, if it was a dream) to say, "I do not recall that we have studied such a thing, Master."
I'm intrigued by the number of bands from the UK listed under "Alt-Country" (6). (Almost as much as Bluegrass from Sweden, but I digress).
I hope you enjoyed the little peep at my powder room...hope to bring you more photos of our renovation in the coming weeks.
Rachel has been doing a few Haiku, with the goal of one a day. So far it hasn’t been going quite that way. Some days she writes none and others she will jot down several she has been collecting in the vast and largely unexplored reservoirs of her mind. O.K, O.K, maybe I am getting a little carried away. They are not anything special; just my way of exercising a tiny bit of creativity and enabling me to do a small bit of writing each day. We can’t all write impressive novels like Kiki (haha!)
Cycle Rotations:
Surprisingly, for all the cooking blogs that abound on the internet, I’ve found very few that deal with the issues of how we eat and why we should (or should not) continue in the same fashion. We (myself and probably 99% of those reading) have been given the ability to make our food choices into an actual statement about what we want for the environment and ourselves. By making decisions like becoming a vegetarian or only eating organic or local food people are thinking before they eat, not eating to survive. It’s a rare and decidedly odd position to be in.
My second stop at Cape Town was going to be much longer than the previous one.
We encourage our readers to cross-post and/or forward Global Research articles, post them on Facebook and Twitter, submit them to internet discussion groups, send them to your friends on your e-mail lists, etc. This will help Global Research in its endeavors.
What is is with these darned fleas!?
i'm thankful for james,
As always we have some great prizes up for grabs and we are also looking for 2 or 3 guest designers for our September challenge.
As the record progresses, the realization of ‘Nectar’s progression sets in. “Ugly” sees a rare display of Drum n Bass, while the “Pennywise Tribute” is an ode to Lorin’s roots and relies on Pennywise’s classic punk-rock anthem “Bro Hymn”. The beautiful part of the Bassnectar family is that the entire crowd, whether well-schooled on punk rock or not, will be screaming “Woah oh oh oh” like they were at Warped Tour 1999. He has an amazing way of crossing genres and allowing one to enjoy a style of music he would not normally find himself listening to. It’s what sets him apart from the rest of this EDM boom.
My long time friend from high school has a little girl who is turning one this weekend. I thought I would make her a card, and when I found out I was a GDT for Wags N' Whiskers and saw their cute little image of the birthday dog I could not resist.
It isn't easy. Mother's Day and Mom's Birthday (she would have been 65) came and went, and I was a mess. Father's Day and my parents' Anniversary (this would have been 40 years) came and went, and I pretended I wasn't a mess. But I was. I still have to face Dad's Birthday (he was going to be 63 this year), and hear all the comments about how I am "too young to face this". I have to think that they died too young, but they had full, rich lives filled with faith, family, and fun. I know people who lost their parents when they were teens... THAT is too young. I don't feel too young at 36. I wasn't ready, but I don't know that anyone can be really ready for this.
Makes 9 x 9 in pan of brownies
This year the Alabama Crimson Tide rose to the top of the college football scene, earning the right to be called the best of the best. Their only regular season loss came at the hands of LSU in overtime; a loss soon forgotten as Alabama crushed LSU 21-0 in the BCS championship game. Along with the title of National Champions, Alabama was also privileged to take home the coveted BCS coaches trophy. This beautiful, crystal trophy is hand-sculpted in Ireland, and is valued at $30,000. Unfortunately for Alabama, their prize for all that hard work and dedication came crashing to the ground last Saturday. One of the player’s fathers accidentally tripped on the rug that sits beneath the trophy, knocking it off its podium during practice. Suddenly the exquisite symbol of their athletic achievement lay shattered on the ground in just a matter of seconds. This fiasco in Alabama reminds us that no matter how spectacular our worldly accomplishments might be, they will not last.
(deep breath)
Yet, when it comes down to brass tacks and bedposts, at its most clinical and reptilian, Carol was a childhood friend. Knowing her has most likely affected and shaped me in ways I'll never be able to fully comprehend. For someone who likes to know and learn and understand things, who finds joy in solving the little riddles and mysteries, I try to make peace with such an observation.
oliver was introduced to "pop-its." he fell in love. he sharpened his begging skills.
Dear Friends and Readers, I know I have been missing from my blog for a really long time. I have been very busy with my toddlers these days that it has been a couple of months since I checked my blog dashboard for new messages or updates. My kids are at the stage where they keep running all over the place to climbing every chair and table to shelf they see and they need me all the time and when they sleep, I take a much-needed nap along with them. Many interesting things have been going on in our life for the past couple of months. We came to India in December for our babies first birthday and right now my babies are I are in India where they are having a good time getting pampered by everybody. There had been some happy moments (had our babies ear piercing ceremony done) and sad moments in our life (I lost my dear grandma a few months ago) since we came here. We are also shifting our base from Virginia to California this month. It feels really good to read the mails from some of my friends enquiring about me or a few mails from new friends giving good feedbacks for my old posts in spite of my absence. There was one particular mail from a friend from Veena (thank you very much dear) from Australia, who said that she found my recipes useful during her pregnancy, so here I am back with a recipe that I did long back. I really hope I continue blogging regularly. This is a recipe that I had published long back at http:/blogcritics.org/tastes/article/spicy-green-lentils-fry . This was a big hit in my family and parents said that this dish tasted almost like prawn fry, so I guess a vegetarian-version of prawn . Spicy Green Lentils Fry
If you really knew me YOU would know that I’m a very sensitive person, anything and everything can bring me to tears.
At the other end of the age spectrum is Dr. Marc Agronin’s How We Age ($25.00, Da Capo Press). A geriatric psychiatrist, the author is currently the medical director for Mental health and Clinical Research at Miami Jewish Health Systems. Out of his experience working with older folks, he has gained interesting insights regarding aging today. The result is that, while aging includes some inevitable decline, it can also be a period of vitality, wisdom, creativity, and hope. For anyone with aging parents or who is aging, this book can provide some comforting information. I personally had parents that both lived into their 90s and, despite some physical problems, remained mentally alert and involved to the end.
minutes ago, the Knicks are ahead fourteen
Obviously, color and costume are very important to this film, from Vienna's color-coded outfits to the black suits of the mourners who comprise the posse. The posse is constantly arranged into densely packed compositions in which they crowd the frame, forming threatening triangles aimed at Vienna, often with Emma at the point. Towards the end of the film, with the threat dissipated, that triangle will reverse, at last pointing away from Vienna, grouped around the dead and the survivors, providing a corridor for Vienna's exit. The awful geometry of sexual repression had closed in on her, but by the end of the film the geometry reconfigures to provide a way out. All of the artifice, the blatantly fake sets that Ray makes no attempt to integrate convincingly with the naturalistic outdoor scenes, contribute to the impression that Vienna, with her melodramatic persona, her expressive eyebrows and bright red lips, is a kind of mythic figure, with Emma as her opposite number. The two seem to be locked in a bigger-than-life combat, like two goddesses who have come to Earth and penetrated the usually masculine realm of the Western as the grounds for their confrontation. Indeed, during the grand finale, the men make a big point of calling off their own battles: all the men stop shooting to allow the two women to have their final showdown and shootout, an almost unheard-of gender reversal of the usual Western climax.
level that can be leveraged across multiple delivery projects.
And, of course, comedians are the best at telling their own stories. Although they may not have had the most fascinating lives, they are all natural story tellers. The way they use their words, well, they can make the most banal situation glitter. Take Russell Brand. Not one autobiography, but two, the second very necessary to give us a glimpse into the world of a transatlantic star.
Space exploration is not just about throwing money at the sky and hoping we hit upon some fanciful wonder of the universe and be mesmerised by its beauty. No matter how enthralling space exploration can be, no matter how amazing the solar system can be, now matter how exciting the prospects of alien life can be, the point is that space missions are very well grounded, metaphorically speaking. Rockets are not launched just on a whim. Satellites are not set into orbit for the pleasure of scientists. There are real, pragmatic and justifiable reasons to send probes to the furthest reaches of the universe. Other than expanding our knowledge, we are faced with very tangible and challenging problems way before even considering putting such a mission together.
I think I should have just skipped the line and renewed online, keeping my 18-year-old-me photo, which was semi-decent.
Option 1:
It did not help that we ended up adding three new stray dogs to our family, which has been a whole different issue in itself. Maybe it is because of the new stress that this year seems to be worse then usual and my depression is really starting to take a toll on my life. Usually mid-January I am looking towards the spring and a happier time but this year I can not see anything more than tomorrow.
- add peppermint essential oil and tea tree oil for a rejuvenating foot balm
So, what are you waiting for. Time to get started. I will be sharing the different months that Helen has created over time so you will have the entire set! And if you want to check out all the calendar products that SRM has to offer, here is the link: http://tinyurl.com/2fcs86f Happy crafting! You are going to have yourself some fun!
“In big groups, I’m not very talkative.” I answered.
In any case, the one thing he will know how to answer is how much his parents love him and how good God has been to us as a family for allowing us to stay together no matter what continent we may be in.
And it worries me, because I love tango. And I am a woman.
I really don’t know how I missed him, but I did, and I’m trying to make up for lost time.
Molly Bang and Penny Chisholm. 2009. 40 p. The Blue Sky Press (978-0545044226). Gr 3-5
I can almost see you rolling your eyes and giving me a “huh!” or “Yeah, right.” And for sure you’re thinking, “What? Are you kidding? Let that #@!? off the hook? Are you crazy?” Well, let’s see. No, I’m not kidding. No, I’m not letting the #@!? off the hook, and no, I’m not crazy, well not anymore anyway.
Matthew 3:13-14
There is actually one thing about Manoeuvre that I'm not so fond of, and that are the map boards. The art/design of those are extremely dull. The box, the counters, the cards and the rule book, all have nice and good-looking art. But the map boards, they are really uninspiring and plain boring. I really hope GMT Games invest in a full makeover of those boards for Fury. Nevertheless, Fury will be a great game, I am sure! =)
The adorable Peekers are back in the Brand New Peekers 3 Collection by Elisabeth Bell for SCACD! Susana has made them available for purchase TODAY. Oh my goodness, they are so soooooo ADORABLE! Be sure to check them out!!!
1/4 tsp salt (if making savoury version)
Are you willing to be beaten rather than deny your faith?
The above claims may sound ludicrous. Nevertheless, I am quite certain I have found the influence of Plato’s thought in an indigenous Colombian civilization.
I really wanted to hang something on the wall above our fireplace. I was sitting here yesterday thinking I would love a round timber framed mirror, painted white....but as usual, where would I find one in our town...So I started to think if we had anything around the house that was white and round, when it hit me...! YES indeed we did! A plaster ceiling rose we bought about 14 years ago was sitting covered in dust in our shed!!
Oh my gosh.. its May 3rd already!
Glock will be hoping for a dry track to successfully complete the tests the Marussia require.
The unwavering hedges are sparse and brittle - made of twigs and dried curled up brown leaves.
Instantly full of energy - well, in my head anyway - I leapt out of bed with a huge list of things to do in mind.
And why are they living in places that a normal person who is WORKING can’t afford?
The stretch of North and South arous'd - sea-board and inland - Texas to Maine - the Prairie States - Vermont, Virginia, California,
She is a wonderful baby, and is well loved, especially by her big brother W!
nature, ability, and powers – “nothing will be impossible for you” (Matthew 17:20). We can rely on money to meet our needs, or we can rely on God. In the world’s system, we work to earn money to buy stuff. In God’s kingdom, we work to bring God’s kingdom and righteousness to the earth and trust that he will supply our needs. What’s the difference? In God’s kingdom, we don’t worry if we lack money because money is not what supplies our needs. We are responsible with the wealth entrusted to us, but we don’t rely on it.
Exercise regularly: Make an exercise schedule and follow it diligently. Exercises help the amount of oxygen that’s pumped to your brain – thus enhancing the effects of helpful brain chemicals and protecting the brain cells. A regular exercise schedule is also known to reduce the risk of disorders like diabetes and cardiovascular diseases – which may lead to memory loss. Even something as simple as walking can help as new research results indicate walking six to nine miles each week can put off brain shrinkage and memory loss.
In the end, for all that the GRINCH is delivering an anti-commercialization message, reminding people what’s important about Christmas isn’t the objects but the people you spend that time with, it’s also about opening yourself up to the possibilities of happiness and accepting a place in a larger community.
So children....have patience and bear with your parents when you think they make mistakes, embarrass you, annoy you or make you mad. You are only a child for a short time and have the rest of your life to be grown. Mom and dad will not always be around.
Do not get me wrong. I certainly did not hate "Inception", nor was I ever bored during its two and a half hour running time. As a James Bond movie with a team played by very good actors, there is an undeniable entertainment value in watching an action movie built around the idea of entering another's dreams. Despite the many accusations leveled at Nolan's directing ability and his relentless pacing, with a few obvious exceptions, I do not usually have that difficult time following his movies nor do I mind the editing choices. I do think he is lacking a bit in conceiving action sequences, but I find the claims about his technical expertise a bit odd when there have been so many more obvious examples of completely sub-standard filmmaking technique that generally gets let off the hook like J.J. Abrams' atrocious "Star Trek", Michael Bay's entire oeuvre or George Lucas' green screen addictions in the Star Wars prequels or the last Indiana Jones film.
I love the look of each slice; the speckles of banana make it look so pretty and appealing. As if the cake itself wasn’t delicious enough, it is also topped with a drizzle of maple glaze to add just that extra touch of sweetness. I’m not usually a fan of maple flavoured things, but it really complimented the banana flavour well.
Over the years, my stash of River Silks Ribbons has grown. One might even say... has grown out of control. This week, I decided it was time to find a better way to store and organize my ribbons. After all, they needed... deserved... better respect than to be jumbled up into the same bag.
Because you love your children.
As I mentioned above the timeline, the lengthiness is not to be taken as an indication that the lack of communication was very severe (they did reply and apologise at some points), nor a personal recommendation from me to stay away from Mexy Shop completely.
Name: Nkateko Female (Nkateko means “lucky” in Shangaan). She has also been mistakingly referred to as Rulani female in the south (before the guides realised that Rulani and Nkateko were the same leopard!), and presently is also mistaking referred to as Young Clara Female on the property where she now resides – she has absolutely no relation to the Clara Female that used to roam on that property.
For these current essays, the best practice may be another kind of flipped classroom. You are writing a policy argument about grading in Brewster, and you’ve begun with both a free-written exploration of grades and a timed response; now you will draft a full argument, revise it, and deliver it to a real audience—your superintendent and principal.
25 And there was a great famine in Samaria: and, behold, they besieged it, until an ass’s head was sold for fourscore pieces of silver, and the fourth part of a cab of dove’s dung for five pieces of silver.
4. Hell's Session (Christiansen, Oberg) 4:51
Amazon’s new participation in US Airways’ Shopping Mall and Hawaiian’s eMarket portals is exciting news in general. For members of HawaiianMiles, US Airways’ Dividend Miles, or Hilton HHonors benefits could be great. But even if you aren’t a member of any of these programs, if you shop a lot on Amazon, there are probably still gains to be had by going through one of the two portals. And if you’re still not convinced, you could also sit back and wait: maybe Amazon’s participation in these two portals is a sign of even better times to come, when Amazon is giving miles, points, or cash back on every shopping portal out there.
I hear the sounds of crows gathering overhead. I look up to see a swarm of the feathered creatures swooping towards a nearby oak tree. It’s true nature in all its glory, all the beauty and colour of life silhouetted in the blue, September sky above me. I put my holdall down onto the path which runs alongside the canal, and pull back the zip.
It’s not a happy song, but “Born Losers” by Matthew Good always makes me think of Mac. Especially the following lines:
If you are following this blog in your reader, you may have noticed that I published 125 posts today. In case that piqued your curiosity, it happened because I merged my family blog into this, my craft blog. When I started writing back in 2006, this is where it all began. Then, when I started stamping and working on design teams, I decided to split the two. After much consideration, I've decided that life is just easier if everything is in one place, so I'm back where I began. Everything comes full circle, doesn't it?
But I wanted to go....probably more than I could ever explain without sounding pathetic.
in the currach of thought
This is so elegant, but the inspiration behind is simple to use. Black and white in large glass jars. Befitting treat and a beautiful way to decorate any corner. Use the candies for kids who come knocking too. ;)
180g granulated sugar
I’m deformed. (OK you hardly know me so you want to be spared the details, please try to read on, it’s not horrific).
Like many a suburbanite,
-”Our essence doesn’t stem only from helping others by being a doctor or an engineer , but also from helping the people we love; family for that will implant care in them for others .Only people who are filled with love and care and compassion ,want to share and it’s the wife and mother and housewife who teach that,to spread genuine feelings outside the frontiers of house.Without a caring house and devoting mother the world will be full of empty souls.God bless mothers .He lifted her hand and kissed her tenderly.
I started taking notice of the pain I was having and called my doctor. I asked for a refill of the Percocet I had after giving birth. He said no, they don't refill that. The pain I was having was what I thought just pain in my abdomen from cramping from after giving birth, but after learning more about HELLP Syndrome, I now know it as epigastric pain. I had this pain starting on Christmas Eve and did not go to the ER until December 26.
I am so excited to bring you the first Style Talk Interview of 2010! I had the pleasure of connecting with New York interior designer Elaine Griffin. Last year I gave away a copy of Elaine’s new book, Design Rules: The Professional’s Guide To Do-It-Yourself Home Style. And today, Elaine has been kind enough to share with us her journey to interior design and some of her best kept secrets for creating the perfect space.
Markets
During the holidays Delight also went down to Durban. On our first night in Durban, we attended the Durban leg of the City Slickers exhibitions. On the following day we set up shop at the world's greatest market, the 'I Heart Market'. We had a wonderful time, and made so many super cool new friends. We would like to thank the organisers of the market, Anne and Saki for being such wonderful hosts! We are also happy to say that you are now able to find some of our T's at the Coast Store in Balito, and that we will hopefully have some T's available at Mooi store in Durban too!
like long rows of devoted ants
1. Best bet is most generally consumption. This means you are paying for exactly what was served. Which by the way, you can limit what is offered at the bar. You can set it up to be just beer, wine, and sodas.
In the past few days I have been getting a wee bit
Finally, we are having a logo contest! If you want to submit a design entry for Infringement Brooklyn 2012‘s logo contest, please email us your high-res submission in jpg or png format. The winner will receive the distinct honor of having won the contest! Not much of a budget here. Sorry about that. We’re working on it. Seriously though, if you have an idea for a logo, send it to us!
Trade publishers defend their model by pointing out that publishing is a collaboration. I don’t deny that, and I have assembled a formidable team.
FNC: Live broadcast of speech (01/17/10) – @4:15 p.m. ET
19. The lifespan of a human hair is 3 to 7 years on average.
Clement: It will be tricky, but I think I can do it. After all, these evil decisions that voided all the sodomy laws have violated the religious freedoms of the Christian community. I think I have a very dear friend in Colorado who could get legal standing to petition a case.
Directed by one of France most eclectic and prolific filmmakers, ROMAN DE GARE weaves a carefully constructed web of deceit where nothing and no one is what appears to be.
I was very depressed on the way home. I decided to have 1,276 glasses of wine. And some Xanax.
but not to make trouble.
A/N: Need your comment guys^^
According to a new global study by MIT Sloan Management Review and The Boston Consulting group, two-thirds of companies see sustainability as necessary to being competitive in today’s marketplace, 31% say it is contributing to their profits and 70% have placed it permanently on their management agenda. Once bamboo is planted it will continue to grow for 80 years without replanting, without pesticides, without fertilizer, and very little water requirements. Bamboo’s technology transfer includes over 2,000 applications including but not limited to the following: water filtration, biomass, health, beauty, cosmetics, beverages, sustainable packaging, prevention of soil erosion, water desalinization, and more. “Bamboo’s sustainability and technology transfer is unmatched by any other plant on the planet”, says CEO, Ed Johnson.
Short stories accepted for publication will receive $20. Accepted flash fiction pieces received will receive $5.
Silky Bread Stew that followed was a sophisticated take on a local peasant dish. A bowlful of soothing clean flavours, the mild garlic soup was infused with Pink Geranium Leaves and crowned with beautiful soft strands of freshly-picked Crab meat. It would have been even better without the chunks of soggy bread, but I guess those are integral to the original dish.
Which is why to me the increasing calls for authors to get out there on the hustings with their work, and the opportunities that brings, are like a cleansing balsam restoring what I love to its proper place, reconnecting me with history.
Then the Priest venerates the altar as usual with a kiss, as at the beginning. After this he is joined by the other ministers in front of the altar, and after a brief moment they all bow toward the altar. While this is happening the congregation sings the final hymn. The ministers of the liturgy, minus the Book of the Gospels, now exit the church. The congregation should remain in their places until the end of the closing hymn.
Blood of the Beasts
Madness frontman Suggs has confirmed the U.K. ska/pop institution plan to release a new studio album in 2012! The new record will be the band’s first since 2009′s ‘The Liberty of Norton Folgate‘, which broke into the UK Top 5. The band showcased songs from their brand new, as yet untitled, tenth studio album, in all its glory during their 'rehearsal set' as part of the House of Fun Weekender in the U.K. this past fall. As with ‘The Liberty of Norton Folgate’ which the band performed live a full year before its release, Madness gave the new album tracks an early airing in their embryonic state for their most hardcore fans who attended the show. Quite a few of the songs have been played live during the band's summer tour, but it was the live debut for more than half the songs on the set list.
$10.00 spectators
So what have I been working on this October? What else but halloween costumes.
OHMYGRANNY. I'm totally smitten, and not just a little bit addicted. And the comments and responses on Facebook often fascinate and tickle me almost as much as Brandon's original photos and words.
Sorry, was that sexist?
With truth for your sweet flame. Your breath moves through
Democrats have not been interested in taxing the genuinely rich and aren’t today. John Kerry made $5,072,000 in 2003 and had a total federal tax burden of 12.34%. The very wealthy enjoy a 16,000 page tax code that is filled with exceptions. Much of the income those like John and Teresa Kerry receive is defined as “unearned income” or earnings that are not taxable at the wage earner rate so even if the regular income tax rate was increased to 50% the percentage the Kerry’s would pay would only go up by a couple of points, if that.
I have made these apple brownies numerous times and they've never disappointed me.
And after 13 years in this house we are finally doing something to the kitchen. Paint, some new cabinets and counter tops and a new floor. The old floor is from about 1950. It sucks
The executives for this company are mostly men and the inspiration was a masculine lodge blended with mid century modern influences.
His first job was at the Folies Bergeres cabaret, helping the showgirls backstage – and it was this scene that has provided him with so much inspiration over the years.
J)Justice
I sit there for a moment thinking ..... will the lorry stop or am I on my own with this.
The other trekking routes of Ladakh include the Indus and the Nubra Valley Trek. The Indus and the Nubra Valley are two valleys and are located between India in the regions of Tibet and Central Asia. The beautiful valleys have a milder temperature and hence allow farming here. The Total trek tour is for 15 days. You need to climb up 5400 meters starting from Hundar in the Indus Valley as you trek you pass by Skarchen, Thanglesgo, Morubuk, Phyang, Taru, Taru La, Nyemo and Nie. As you pass by different destinations you enjoy the scenic view of each place along with the traditions and villages of Ladakh.
It has been scrubbed from stem to stern.
1 egg (large)
- Joy Roy Choudhury
We will work out ….and that means running every day and i am going to do hip hop abs for 30 mins a day.
Sigmund Freud
I take it as a bitter line; we jokingly say that people after a relationship has ended (or before one starts) are "free", but free from what? Free from responsibility, sure. Free from the demands that one person makes on another's time, energy, personal space. But as the singer says, if your freedom means there's nothing left to lose - what good is freedom? Sure, he's free to find another love, to behave badly, to do whatever he wants - no longer enslaved to another's seemingly insistent urges to travel the southern United States on an assortment of traffic - but in the process, he's lost everything that mattered.
Scott was scheduled to fly out of Chicago on the 27th at 7am, so he was going to have to leave the house at 3am, so we decided that driving to the city (instead of taking the train and having to heed to its schedule) would save us time and frustration. Scott told me that I was in charge of getting driving directions and parking information. Not a problem, says I! I'm your girl! I have been the 'navigator' our entire marriage, so this shouldn't be a problem, I thought.
I’m not a linguist but I sometimes wish I was. I often feel like the word police and really must restrain myself from correcting people, lest I be ostracized and ignored by those around me. I hear a siren in my head when I hear certain words used and abused. I’m not saying I know all the rules of grammar however some faux pas just really irritate me. I am fascinated by etymology and where clichés and phrases come from as well and try to broaden my vocabulary if I can.
who gets picked on a lot at school because he is smaller, quieter and more “artistic” than the other kids. His dad and his teachers think the other kids wouldn’t tease him if he just “fit in” more. Their advice is for him to hide, or he’s bringing it on himself. Faced with all this, Shannon has created a super-powered alter ego that he can escape into whenever he’s in a bad situation. Pretending he’s a powerful hero helps him stand up for himself. But will the power within be enough to save him?
Thanks again for visiting, and I hope you'll stay around for a little while and follow along. Enjoy, and if you'd like, give me a buzz! I'd love to hear from you. nataliekilgore@gmail.com
‘“One moment’s time might I presume to beg?”
A Sampler Box of 8 cost me $18 in total (incl. postage). Wonderful value.
Things came to head later in the autumn when three weeks of strong easterly winds saw me having to ride the homeward journey into the wind (I usually had the prevailing wind behind me) and burning out on the way into work with the same big winds behind me.
In relation to worldwide relationship, whether you are moving or have just lately moved you can even have a glance at what that country’s online relationship companies has to offer. They work the identical in most international locations and the one factor which is prone to be completely different is the cost option. If there’s a cost then it often doesn’t price a lot of money, normally round twenty dollars per lively month however the charges might be different.
Congratulations, Hilde and Laura! Email us at info@lawnfawn.com with your shipping address and we will send them right along!
Many thanks to hipstone who posted this at demonoid. There was no original text document in the fileset.
And he didn't eat my fat weiner dog.
while balcony flower boxes are stacked
1 makers
Well, it turns out they look beautiful and not at all turd-like! A deep golden brown, with pockets of gooey cheese and a sprinkling of cracked black pepper on each. This is my way of cooking for St. Patrick's Day.
A couple of weeks ago, we discovered that Lowe's has these awesome horseshoe magnets for $1.70 a piece. Today we bought three more of them (one for each kid, because I was attempting to minimize fights). We decided to learn some things about magnetism. So I pulled out one of our science experiment books, and a piece of poster board, and we got to it. We decided to record our findings on the poster, then as we learn more, we can add on.
Ah, the long cruel winter of the one hit wonder (this did actually make the top 30, just, but do you remember it?) Doing away with his trusty piano he seems really quite unsure what to do, opening with some jigging-cum-jogging on the spot. It doesn't help that the orchestra have interpreted the recorded version's mixed down wah-wah rhythm guitar as a prominent chicken-squawk and removed most of the jug band bits copied off In The Summertime and The Pushbike Song, but Dundas could have done his bit by singing in the same octave as usual rather than a slightly deeper timbre. His backdrop reminds us that The Sky At Night was on last week.
I am totally in love with the colour (Elm in Bendigo Rustic 12 ply) and because it's knit in a 12 ply is super snuggly and a little bit rugged for the next addition to our family. I know there are some old school knitters who don't like to use 10 or 12 ply for babies but I think it makes for a quick and easy little knit and great for winter!
"I'm a tree in a story about a forest."
One thing greater than my strifeIs His grasp
A similar situation happened to Arjuna. Lord Krishna went step by step to deal with Arjuna’s emotions, ego, mindsets and concepts. He finally touched on the nature of his spiritual being; revealing him the highest knowledge and making him realize his eternal nature. This brought him enormous strength and then propelled him to perform his worldly duties. A doctor cannot be taken as a dacoit just because he opens up the stomach of the patient.
Publishers must also learn to better embrace the most important part of publishing and selling books—the reader—and they must start to dispense with models of publishing which focus much of their marketing budgets on a fraction of their authors. In the new models of publishing for the future, the guideline will be strategic decisions based on building an identity with the consumer and connecting with physical and online communities. Less will be more. For the first time we will need to see large publishing houses focus on brand development and that may mean carving up some of their list into much smaller imprints with dedicated teams.
-Yes, in an old-type car.
I stole a taste at the two week mark and didn't have enough of the flavors that I wanted, so I let it go longer. It went 3 1/2 weeks. I was getting a nice promising aroma. My production line is a bit behind though. I need to get some kegs empty and swap the picnic taps so I can taste and measure final gravity too.
Jill Marie Campbell, 31, New York, N.Y.
Q: What’s brown and often found in a baby’s diaper?
then we are in fact under the control of others.
I was glad to get home.
“Yes.” I say, fighting to keep my voice even.
Now, after five months at the Skye View Wellness Center, it was summer. A time for parties and friends, but that’s the last thing I want to do. So when my best friend Erin convinces me to attend a bonfire at Eagle Point, I can’t handle the crowd full of sympathetic stares or drunken class clowns who would use my tragedy as a way into my heart – or my pants. The solitude of the woods offers an escape, until I stumble upon a boy, unconscious and bleeding, his pockets stuffed not with identification but with poetry illustrating the beauty of dying. I’ve seen enough death. I will not leave this boy’s side.
The book is written from the perspective of a five-year-old boy, Jack, whose whole life is “Room”. He’s never known any other world except the small room he was born in, where his mother has been kept in captivity for 7 years.
So you see my friends, there is truly is a life of the liturgy!"
“I don’t know whether you ever see or know about what a master do to his slave or not, but I tell you Park Yoochun-shi, what you do to me is not what it should work.”
When ready to serve, run a knife around the perimeter of the pan to loosen each cake. Carefully remove cakes from the pan.
230 CE – The first writing of a Greek cheesecake recipe was done by Athenaeus in 230 CE. It was as simple as it had been thousands of years ago: pound the cheese until it was smooth and pasty, mix the cheese with honey and wheat flour, heat the entire thing as one mass, cool, and serve.
The Book Blogger’s Cookbook has 50 different book reviewers from every corner of the blogosphere. It bridges the gap between author and reader—putting you in touch with book reviewers who can separate the 5 star books from the mediocre.
They were magic together.......
“ ‘For I know the plans that I have for you,’ declares the LORD, ‘plans for welfare and not for calamity to give you a future and a hope. ‘Then you will call upon Me and come and pray to Me, and I will listen to you. ‘And you will seek Me and find Me, when you search for Me with all your heart. ‘And I will be found by you,’ declares the LORD,..” (Jer. 29:11-14)
WHEREAS, on or about the night of 24 December, at a specific improved parcel of real property (hereinafter referred to as "the House"), there did occur a general lack of stirring by all creatures therein, including, but not limited to, any of the various species of small rodents commonly classified as mice.
Let’s jump to the other end of the street for a moment.
Glow brown and blood-red down the vast decline
The end result is gorgeous and will look even better when I get my bathroom wall painted. LOL
and simply choose your fav!
This post was written by Paul Magrath, Development Editor at the Incorporated Council of Law Reporting for England & Wales and is republished here with ICLR’s kind permission. To read this post in its original context on the ICLR website, click here. Carrefax
since I cannot link to the piece, I will reproduce it here so you have an opportunity to comment.
If your a dj and you use Serato and can downlaod a copy of this track at Serato Whitelabel free
2012-01-23 20:36
One of my sweet brothers and his wife
The Pro from Dover!
How many hours would spend per week crafting:
I don't think that is going to happen, JCK.
We pulled into the parking lot of Lucky Magee’s and made our way to the front door. Never in my life have I seen so many cigarette butts! People, huddled outside, in the sub zero temperatures, having a smoke. I was about to enter…the Twilight Zone. Clearly, I live under a rock, because I’ve never been to OTD, otherwise known as Off Track Betting.
On top of that, I have an organization I direct that has taken some direct hits this year. I lost my information techie to cancer two months ago. I watched him go through a truly agonizing two year treatment program that left him sick and in pain for much of the time. We would talk and discuss outcomes and I visited him in the hospital the day he passed. He was 37 and left a wife and two kids ages 1 and 6.
Darryl, Angela + Bill
Level 6: MP Cost: 26, jumps for a certain distance.
sheds or homes or barns in a previous life.
You will be amazed by what is packed into the wall to his left!
plants and water are different around the whirled
have a great week
Obligatory: Notes to out-of-towners and calls or notes to close friends are obligatory as soon as the patient feels well enough to do them.
So since then I've been hoping to have another descent furniture find. I found two at a garage/estate sale in my home town. They aren't as awesome as the Brasilia but they aren't bad either. The dresser is fairly small, which I like. Actually I'd like it even better if it was night stand sized but it's working out well in my bedroom. It was made by Harmony House. Price - $20.
The sad fact, that very little coverage is being given to the plight of Christians worldwide. According to latest polls, Obama gets favorable ratings for his foreign policy, yet this is what we have going on in Africa. I still have not gotten my head around what is going on down there. We are supporting who knows who, and it looks like the Christians are not the ones, according to the statements from one of Obama’s minions.
“Bar’s closed.”
Monday, October 19, 8-10pm
All joking aside, I haven't been in a chocolate mood lately, so I searched for a lemon-flavored bundt. I ended up using Ina Garten's lemon yogurt cake. It has triple-whammy lemony goodness with lemon zest and lemon oil in the cake, lemon syrup drizzled over the hot cake, and a creamy, lemon glaze to finish it off.
What the procedure for the hearing will be?
We are the Story Tellers of the tribe. All tribes have one. We have been called as if it were in our genes. Those who have gone before cry out to us . . "tell our story." So we do. In finding them, we somehow find ourselves.
Now the funny thing about the Grand Union is that it was almost identical to the Foodtown before they did the renovation.
02. Antony talks
2nd Prize - $15 Gift Certficate
It is limited only by your resources!
This seemed like a good time to sit down, have lunch and decide if we really wanted to go out for the weekend after all. Because it sort of seemed like maybe we weren’t meant to. But then Maia mentioned the Easter Bunny and we rallied. Evan completed a repair on the windlass sans helpful tools and changed the fuel
Add sun-dried tomatoes, artichokes and spices. Mix well and let cook about 3 minutes. There should be juices in the pan from the mushrooms and vegetables. If the pan is dry, add more oil or vegetable broth. Stir in the Worcestershire sauce, liquid smoke and nutritional yeast and let cook about 3 minutes.
trying to keep warm.
Ah…serenity! During my career as a teacher, I seldom experienced serenity. But when opportunities were presented, I took advantage of them. In Iowa, when citizens are going to face ice or snow that make road travel perilous…Voila! A snow day! Having a day off from school is as welcome to teachers as to students.
Forget Deir Yassin: Its Victims Were “Unworthy”! The Holocaust of Palestinians by Zionist ’666′ Israel ! Peter Schiff Radio: Marc Faber – Inflation Will Kick In Big Time Because of More Money Printing! Japan to Raise Fukushima Crisis Level to Worst! Japan Nuclear Radiation In Hawaii Milk At LEAST 600% Above Federal Drinking Water Limits! PIMCO Goes Short US Government Debt, Raises Cash Holdings!
This was sent to me as FLAC files, and the files burned fine, but I checked before preparing this torrent and found SBE's, which were fixed using Trader's Little Helper. I then made new ffp files, and re-verified everything.
This, therefore, is simply to echo all that is being written today across the globe: Levon – for all the music, over the years… thanks.
And this is all before the book was even available for purchase and download! To say I'm both humbled and overwhelmed would be a Texas-sized understatment, if such an oxymoron is even possible. But this is simply another indication of how tight the gun-owner community is. We take care of our own--as A Girl And Her Gun point out in her post--and we take care of those who take care of us and who do not demean us.
1011 **D-III/2(B)/1988. “Liberal Education, the Books We Read, and How We Read Them.” The University of Wisconsin, Eau Claire, Wisconsin. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(12), above, pp. 254-61.)
It was HILARIOUS. I’m so glad I didn’t miss that! He was refreshingly up front in the stories he told and I think there were quite a few minds blown wide open by the stories he was telling. There were a few rude people in the audience who kept shouting names out to him, hoping for stories about these people and other than veering off the story he was currently telling, he handled that pretty well. If he were to release an autobiography, I’d most likely pick it up. Considering I have no interest in wrestling, I think that says a lot.
Let’s start with this statement from Dr JP Dadhich, National Coordinator, Breastfeeding Promotion Network of India, “Breastfeeding plays a key role not only in infancy but also in shaping the future of the child. Exposure to infant formula during this vital period may in fact increase chances of obesity later in childhood. The risk increases as the beneficial effects of breastmilk that prevent obesity are replaced with the detrimental effects of infant formula.”
conventional, always controversial and forever sizzling. Reading this series is a commitment because each book is long and detailed. I do take a break from them once in a while but I always look forward to the continuation of Claire and Jamie’s love story.
5. Season beef with salt and pepper.
Good comes with the bad. So just take it easy! When I feel frustration is so overwhelming. I look at the ultrasound pictures, talk to my baby, keeping things light and positive to avoid depression!
I recently put a great deal of thought into buying a book for a friend, one I thought she would love. She gave it a cursory glance, showing little interest (how rude!), then less than a month later gifted the same book back to me for my birthday. She said, utterly straight faced, that she’d heard it was an excellent book, albeit she hadn’t actually read it yet herself. A half smile played around the corners of my mouth as she said it. I mean, the book still had my inscription on it, which kinda worked since her name is Kate and so’s mine. You know, “To Kate, with love. Kate.” I laughed out loud, thinking it was a joke. It wasn’t.
I left the South West of France at the age of 18 to study in United States (Boston), a country that has fascinated me to the point that I am now a US citizen. But I will always love PARIS. I believe if there is a "place one must see before you die", please make it Paris.
1 nomenclature_
2. Abolishes the income tax
It is said that when Draupadi was once praying for a husband, she asked that her husband be:
I'm going to make use of what's left of the weekend now and think of lots of interesting things to tell you about. I think I'm going to enjoy keeping you all updated.
BLEAMY'S CORNER is a work of YA historical fiction, complete at 72,000-words.
Last weekend I had to move furniture around while getting ready to install some equipment that will aid my marathon training. There it was: Watch.
“Forget about growing the workforce from three million to five million to four million. Forget about that, because that will not lead us to a better world. Let us accept that we do need to slow down, contain the growth of the workforce, especially foreign manpower.”
Scrape it out into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Dust the top with some of the remaining cornstarch mixture. Cover the pan and allow the marshmallows to set for approximately 6 hours. To cut, slip an offset spatula between the marshmallow and the sides of the pan. Invert the slab onto a cutting board dusted with the cornstarch mixture. Using a lightly oiled knife, cut the marshmallows into 1 1/2 inch squares. Dust the cut edges with the cornstarch mixture and store in an airtight container or bag for up to 5 days.
“I was amazed that he even had the opportunity to kick, and then when he did it, I thought woo-hoo! And then watching the kids react, they carried him off the field; it was just one of the best moments,” recalls Eric’s mother, Jill Dompierre.
But before Defoe wrote his novel there was a real Robinson Crusoe by the name of Alexander Selkirk, an Scottish seaman. In 1704, he was serving on the ship Cinque Ports when it dropped anchor at the uninhabited islands of Juan Fernandez to re-stocking fresh water and supplies.
Well, maybe it is because the Law of Conquest only applies to those who have applied it to the last bloody letter. For to really conquer a physical territory means to physically kill all those who oppose you until your safety/survival is guaranteed by sheer numbers. This never happened in South Africa…..despite Desmond Tutu's Nobel Peace Prize for claiming so. Roughly equal in number to the white population (1million) in 1910, the black population literally exploded to reach 40 million a century later (courtesy of 'evil' Western health-care, nutrition, education, etc). The white population only increased to 5 million during the same period.
I have a friend of Indian (‘proper’ Indian, not Red Indian) origin who finds it ridiculous that she can sometimes be classified as black. She quite rightly insists she is not black, she is a brown colour – and a very lovely brown colour. Or, as Americans would claim, color. Very few of even the directly-African-origined people classified as ‘black’ in the US and UK are actually ‘black’. They are variations on brown.
I’m known to tell people that life is messy. Truth is, my life is messy and it’s because of this that I feel I can say the words from a place of knowing, at least about messes. Messiness is a relative thing really, a preference for how to be in the world. I like it this way. I must because I am.
Pendleton snapped a photo with his cellphone camera, then summoned the waiter. He covered the dish with his hand and described his find.
I went to see this film for one big reason, it stars Courtney Davis. I went to college with Courtney and we worked at the campus radio station KVRX together (there's that interconnectedness again). She's funny and talented and it's very cool that she's the lead in a feature film.
The interdimensional beings will be able to come closer through the portal and bring another perspective on our learning.
Well it's been a while ! I am not dead :)
Jordin Sparks
I don't know about you but those numbers make my head hurt. We've only looked at two English owned reservoirs in Wales yet they can provide up to 110 billion litres of water for England. Let's try and put those numbers into some perspective without resorting to Olympic sized clichés.
5. Additional information about newspapers’ digital readership is available in the Audience-FAX columns.
Enough vegetable or canola oil for deep frying
Drums - Kevin Fennel
The HTC One X and Samsung Galaxy S III are nearly identical as far as physical dimensions go. They’re not that hard to tell apart but share the same design philosophy. In short, bigger is better.
Protection of public health
A couple of weeks ago my friends Scott & Steph hosted a taco party for friends. Everybody brought something to eat on or with tacos, and we had a great time. Also I ate waaaaay too much. I made crispy mushrooms with lime (as a vegetarian filling), fried plantains, and a roasted tomatillo salsa. Find the recipes after the jump.
Anyway, the bad news is that Marissa will no longer be giving DC the humorous finger on her awesome blog, anymore. A blog that was (and could possibly again be) a Blog of Note. I guess. Because, you never really know, do you?
Coming to the recipe for today, Paneer Payasam came into picture when I was making Andhra Breakfast Thali. I asked Amma if she remembers sweets to be served during breakfast. She said we normally on regular occasion don't serve it. That usually happens when we have relatives or guests coming over. So I said let's assume we have guests and work on creating a thali that would suit that situation. The other payasams she had suggested were all already blogged. She suddenly remembered this Paneer Payasam. And you know I am game for Paneer anytime anyway.
Try not to find too much fault with the umpires. You cannot expect them to be as perfect as you are.
Tidbit #2 - “Stop and smell the roses, blow out the candles.”
For instance... earlier today I told Farmmom I was going on thirty six hours without a cigarette. Only problem with that is that yesterday I was at forty eight hours. Somehow my brain added twenty four to forty eight and came up thirty six, and I didn't even think about it until I started to write this post.
She performed alongside DJ, bass guitarist, piano player and 2 back vocals. Her concert started as scheduled. Right in the beggining of the night, she make shure that one visitor will remember her concert for a long time. He was invited on stage, and she performed a little show for him. They were singing and were making 2- step dance toghether on a Bob Marley song – Is this love.
After reading the Old testament book of Daniel I got to thinking about priorities. Does the church today have their priorities in order? Do I? I know that a lot of people think of the book of Daniel and get caught up in the prophesies, and they are interesting, no doubt. But from the beginning of the book you see 4 guys who know God and have their priorities in order.
Hi folks! Kelly here. This is my first meme in such a long time, I've almost forgotten how to do them. So here we are with a Teaser Tuesday. In case you've forgotten like me, here's what its all about.
for any such activities, and appropriate measures shall be taken to
It's the next installment of my visit to Japan.
Victims of paedophile priests in Co Donegal will also tell how the church failed to deal with complaints which allowed one cleric to continue to abuse more victims.
Some collateral damage needs to be noted, to quote one of the former PM’s notable phrases. Contrary to his statement to the Senate which is cited here, UDeCOTT did not publish its accounts since 2006, which is a breach of both the Companies Act and the Ministry of Finance guidelines. A total breach of the elementary norms of good corporate governance, which is the protection the private sector structure was supposed to give us taxpayers as a safeguard. Because of the political element in the operation, we can see clearly that UDeCOTT was carrying-out the instructions of the Cabinet and those Directors have not been punished or censured in any way, apart from their public dismissal. The consequence of those breaches being condoned at the largest State Enterprises – UDeCOTT and HDC – how does one get the smaller and less-visible State Enterprises to conform to good governance?
I said I was wrong about how long it took... I started it at 8pm, retired about 1 a.m. and got up early to finish it. Cliché time? Let's avoid them and let the record stand - I really got extremely involved with it and couldn't leave it alone!
Other than this name fiasco, business has been great. I've got so much work that I've had to hire some part-time help for the summer, which has been working out wonderfully. My father has made even more wonderful sewing equipment for me (pictures to come) and I am so thankful for his enthusiasm and support. Jim has also been a wonderful shoulder to lean on through all this nonsense. I feel terrible that my tossing and turning keeps him up at night :(
2/skull – The hero loses 2 health points, and is trapped in the web for two full rounds (which includes ending the current round, and then two full rounds of the other players) and then is placed back on the space in front of the trap.
Eastern Orthodox theology puts this great hope into the maxim: God became a human being in order that human beings may become divine. I love this way of expressing God’s purpose in both creation and redemption. We human beings—bodies, mind, spirits, and social units—are destined by God to be one with God’s own life. No wonder we are encouraged to pray constantly: Thy kingdom come!
How do you create good habits, and make them stick fast?
In 2007, a small group of visionary college and university presidents gathered to form the American College & University Presidents’ Climate Commitment (ACUPCC). Five years later they have achieved some remarkable results.
So, as I stated above that a believer’s fruitfulness is part of their nature, so is the unfruitfulness part of the nature of the unbeliever, especially those who think they are Christians, but are only deceived. These are the ones who wreak havoc in the visible church with their unfruitful works of darkness. This unfruitfulness is natural behavior for the unregenerate. This is why our Lord was so positive about that statement in Matthew 7:20.
So with that said, today, Labor Day I fear we will be laboring with clean up. I am still hurting enough that I probably be much help but I'll do what I can. Township is suppose to come and help with the clean up.....here it is 1:30 and no sign of them yet.
The indoctrination was aimed at undermining senses of patriotism and national identity essential to preserving a culture and it took many forms such as the debasing and re-writing of European history, the debasing and trivialising of our culture.
To thine own self be true ~ remove the masques for my own perspective and for all of those around me, because if they are interacting with a masqued me, the self is lost in shadow and the interaction is skewed.
What gives a person, no matter how accomplished, talented, or famous, the license to be so rude? I don't care what you've done, who you know, or how many awards you've accumulated. Nothing will excuse such unconscionable behavior and such immaturity.
Our mark will not be made by being the best at something everyone else does. Our mark will be made by being unafraid to be ourselves, acknowledging that crazy, different drummer in our heads, and putting his ass to work.
They found the Synod just inside the entrance, well a member of the Synod lying on the floor dying. He was whispering words as the blood bubbled from his lips. ‘Reach the Oculary…Parauts…’ he managed before he choked on his own blood. His robes were singed and a wicked, deep gash had almost cleaved his chest in two. Whatever had done this to him must have been fierce indeed. Mzulft, it seemed was not going to be without its dangers.
Every Legitimate Scientist not on the Payroll of Exxon-Mobil
Ouroussoff clarified, "It's not a superblock, first of all. There are two parts of the project... there's a part at Flatbush and Atlantic, which is the arena, which is surrounded by a grouping of either three or four towers. Then if you go back from there, there's a series of apartment buildings along Atlantic. Those are broken up into a series of different masses, different pieces--as opposed to a superblock that would be either 'here are the towers at the center of the project,' or it would be a long continuous building."
1970's Vogue Paris Original 2627 Molyneux, Misses Dress
My friend's comment sent me on a quest to see if the Podengo was that mystery dog we kept seeing all over Portugal. It is. The Podengo comes in smooth coat and wire coat in three sizes: Small (Pequeno), Medium (Medio) and Large (Grande). And it's not just any dog breed from Portugal...it's the national dog breed of Portugal. I guess that explains why they were everywhere. And when I say everywhere, I mean everywhere. Rural Portugal doesn't seem to have any sort of enforced leash laws, so these scruffy dogs were running around the countryside, wandering through the city streets and begging for food at restaurants, without their owners anywhere to be found.
But simply that the work gets done
As a quick fun novel readers will love to read Karina Bliss’s What the Librarian Did.
listen to my voice
I found the strength this past week to say “NO!” and realize that I won’t continue down the same path agian. I’ve found the strength to look at myself in the mirror and say “You’re beautiful…and you can do this, Elysia.” I’ve found the strength to let go of all those negative comments I had heard my entire life, and remember the good things I have heard. Just on Valentine’s Day, one of my friends texted me and said “I wanted to tell you that you’re beautiful, and one of my best friends.” What I positive, amazing thing to hear. Ultimately, I’ve found the strength to love myself, and to heal myself of my insecurities and illnesses by restarting this weightloss journey with my mom.
Mahlab is the seed of the St Lucie Cherry, and is used quite extensively in sweetish breads around Easter time. It has a very nice nutty, tart cherry flavor that is very almond-like. Strangely though it took some looking to find it, none of the little Middle-Eastern markets around me carry it year round. Apparently they only have it around Easter, luckily though a Penzey's just recently opened in the area and I was able to pick some up from there, albeit a tad expensive.
2) Beer glasses are a must
Bluegrass Brewing Company Kick In The Baltic Porter
I will definitely make this again, if only for Jay.
Both assumptions are called into question by Robert Hirsch's study of oil depletion curves in various countries across the globe. Hirsch's study indicates that any world peak is likely to have a sharp crest followed by a swift decline in oil production--anywhere from 3 percent to 13 percent per year if the historical record can be relied upon. Hirsch also notes that "in all cases, it was not obvious that production was about to peak a year prior to the event." This would help explain why the second assumption listed above is likely to turn out to be wrong as well. Market participants are unlikely to see the peak coming. This means that prices will only start to signal that alternatives are needed for oil long after it is too late to prevent tremendous disruptions.
Anyway, in the morning we went to breakfast at the hotel. With Corinne, she would make me peel her grapes, try to hide food by dropping it under the table and acting like she was asleep...heck, she still does those things. Not Maggie. She seems to get a little pep in her step when it's time to eat. At least meal time isn't an issue. Like father, like daughter, I guess.
AdAge reports that sales of "bottom-shelf" beer brands are climbing: Miller High Life is up 6.5% over the past four weeks, Keystone is up 11.2% in the same period, and both Busch and Natural Light are up as well. (Sad to see the writer of the story say that High Life was "ironically dubbed the 'Champagne of Beers'"; it sure as hell wasn't ironic when that slogan was coined.)
I love super easy recipes and this is one! You can put a cup of grated cheese in between the rice and cornbread, and it holds together a bit better, but I leave it out to eliminate pts.
In staff writer Melissa Dribben's words:
The Invisible Ones by Stef Penny
Congratulations to our Top Mouse winners. If you don't already have a Top Mouse Award blinkie, please send me an e-mail at lmercurio@sbcglobal.net and I will provide you with the HTML code. We hope you will display it proudly. Thank you for your participation and support of the challenge.
Kind of fun to think about.
"I promise to send an original creation to the (1st) 5 people who leave a comment here. They must, in turn, post this on there blog, and send something they make to the 1st 5 people who comment on their status."
I made this layout with Teresa Collin's Chic and Scary. I embossed the circles (cut at 1.25 inches) with a halloween embossing folder and rubbed them on a watermarking embossing ink pad. Isn't she the cutest cat you've ever seen?
Though the sentimental part of me doesn't want to see either go away -- I worked at the Adweek Group for most of two decades -- the issue that's far more concerning is the overall editorial direction of what remains. I've said in this space before that it would have made sense years ago to roll the magazines into one -- partly to save a few trees and money, sure, but also because the lines that separate marketing, media and advertising have been blurring for at least a decade. Today, people who work in those industries need to know each other's business like never before. Additionally, from a practical standpoint, for the last few years, the magazines have shared a lot of content and staff. Publishing one publication, instead of three, is the most practical move imaginable.
I started by giving it a good coat of Gesso, then a coat of brown acrylic paint then a coat of black acrylic paint. Then I sanded it, mainly along the edges so that the brown acrylic paint showed through the black (I rather liked it just like that!)
Following the flawed in-for-a-penny-in-for-a-pound principle I stumbled on: ‘une chausette.’
This is a unique opportunity for your child to take the preliminary steps in bringing his or her future career goals into fruition. There is no cost to participate in the program, trips, and activities; however, there is an optional lunch fee of $175 for the duration of the program, which is payable by check or money order to New York University. If you are interested in the Career Exploration Program, please complete and fax the application to (212) 995-4193. All applications and supporting documents are due no later than orientation on Thursday, July 1, 2010 at 5:30pm– 7pm. Feel free to contact (212) 992-9463 with any questions that you may have.
The sun goes through a cycle lasting approximately 11 years. It starts at a solar minimum when there are very few sunspots and builds to a solar maximum when hundreds of sunspots are present on the surface of the sun and then returns back to a solar quiet minimum. This cycle is called a solar cycle. We are currently in a solar minimum leading up to Solar Cycle 24, so named because it is the 24th consecutive cycle that astronomers have observed and listed. The first cycle began in March 1755.
"Oh my God, he's never done this before. I checked everywhere and yelled for him. I can't believe he was sleeping in there the whole time.", mom cried.
Ps I know my creative space is having a break till next year for the links but I thought I would do my own little one today :))
Like I said, good conversation. And now I feel free to leave without all this guilt hanging over me for promising to work for them for two years. :) And I can get on with my life and find something I enjoy. Or at least, try something new I might enjoy.
-The DIRECTV exclusive NFL Sunday Ticket is comes first for NFL fans, of course. With the NFL Sunday Ticket, you can watch every game, every Sunday in crystal-clear HD.
This card was inspired by one I saw on the internet a while ago but I can't remember where I saw it to give them credit. Sorry!
The notion that the things that make poems excellent can’t be defined is at least as old as the seventeenth century. It was then that the French poet Nicolas Boileau-Despréaux put forth the idea that what distinguishes truly sublime work from lesser poetry was “a
fit only to receive the boss’ dirty boot as he cascaded managements’
In the audience that Saturday evening was a man named John. The next day at Sunday services he came up to me where I was seated with my mom and six kids, knelt down on one knee in front of me and told me how my talk had inspired him, and how he thought that he was having problems, but now knew that there were others with much bigger ones. I politely thanked him, saying that all I had hoped to do by giving my talk was to inspire someone, then turned back to my children, assuming he was a married man and that further talk would be inappropriate. At this point, he continued to speak with my mother, and when he left, she said, "Jen, he's from _______ (the Mexican town where her mother grew up and where she spent her summers) and he's single!
Prof. Somin responds by pointing out that by the same economic measures prof. Buckley relies on to demonstrate Canada’s superiority, the United States was doing better until not so long ago. And its current problems, in particular the massive increase in public spending under presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama, are not due to gridlock. He also observes that bad laws create interest groups attached to their continued existence, so that ease of repeal might be a theoretical rather than a practical advantage. Better to learn from the experience of other countries, and screen out bad laws before they are enacted. Finally, parliamentary systems – not least Canada’s – are also prone to pork-barrel spending and unequal distribution of public benefits. Parliamentarism might be preferable on other grounds, but good economic governance favours separation of powers.
Polychronic cultures, on the other hand, like to multi-task and are generally less stringent when it comes to establishing or following an agenda. In this setting, the concept of time is more fluid, and the pace of life is more relaxed.
But we had believed in the hope of paribartan. I think we, the sceptical West Bengali millions, were hoping that you would lead a better, cleaner, fairer government than the disgraced, departing Left Front. In the euphoria of the election results it was impossible to imagine that you could do worse than Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee’s government.
Kate worked her magic with a series of three Billy bookcases from Ikea. Love the “Green Lane” paint by Glidden she selected for the back of the bookcases. They look custom don’t you think? Here are the details on how she did it.
from the moment the gate rolled back we were swarmed by little hands, hugs, tugs, smiles, looks of yearning for love and affection. it was breathtaking, literally. i was glad to have on sunglasses so i didn't have to pretend i wasn't crying. i had at least 4-5 girls holding my hands, arms, waist pretty much the entire visit. if i could have just stayed there all week i am pretty sure that would have suited me just fine. looking around at their little faces full of hope and love, recognizing the little smiles from families at church who sponsor them, i was beside myself.
Deception and Deceptive Measures
02. Kingston Caribe
But what does the hat say about the cowboy? There are so many types. Do they reflect personality?
207) a carved stone heart...a gift from my other sister, reminding me of precious memories spent on the farm with her and her beautiful family
Daniel Deronda
are two sides of one line
From the deepest parts of our hearts
2- Wash the rice well and strain it, place it in a bowl with the mixture and stir till they mix well together (without cooking).
Best Lip Gloss
A Popular Misconception
The news came by way of that dreaded late night phone call. The shock and disbelief that my dear friend, Donna, was gone left me sleepless and in tears.
CJ and I had a big fight on Saturday night. It was over something really stupid & what didn't help matters was that I was stone cold sober and he was not. Also the fact that boys will be boys and girls have limits of toleration. When everything simmered down and the realization that we do care about each other & love each other too much to fight over nonsense so we eventually went to bed in each other's arms.
I have this thing for stainless steel and aluminum vases. I found two of these little dudes for $1.00 each..
I hope you are all well... I am settling into motherhood well. I just love it lol!!!!
1 peeks
Thank you, God, for Nate. And for perspective.
I had tweaked my ankle a bit on the walk to Elaphonisi, and I’m hiking Samaria Gorge tomorrow so I wanted to keep it a bit light. (The naysayers freaked me out a little, damn them) So I took a boat to Soughia and walked part of the walk to the ancient port city of Lissos. I ran into something like 20 middle-aged Germans, all of them coming all the way from Paleohora. One couple had camped in the city of Lissos (again! Tent!) overnight, had a midnight swim in the ocean. So a little pissed off at myself for chickening out, but the day was still lovely.
Member of numerous Government committees including privacy steering committees, OCIO Security Focus Group, OCIO Project Coordination Team, IM Management Team, Internal Security Review Board, and the Risk Assessment and Mitigation Project; had authority to make key decisions and act on behalf of the IM Branch
If you arrived here from Patty's blog then you are on the right track! If you just popped in - Hello and Good Day! - welcome to our hop! You may want to start at the beginning so you don't miss a luscious thing!
Advanced ticket orders can be placed for this event until Thursday, September 29, 2011 @ 12pm. After that time, all tickets must be purchased at the event.
Saturday morning we got up and headed to Golden Corral for a birthday brunch buffet with the Maddexes. One of the things I love is a breakfast buffet. I hate having to decide what to eat for breakfast. Buffets allow me to have a taste of everything, which is what I love. It was Laurie's idea, so thanks for thinking of me and knowing me so well! :)
So today is my baby's first birthday. One year ago today, at 2:25 pm, they pulled this little angel from my tummy. As I lay there on the operating table, arms stretched out to the sides, with my view obstructed by the sterile hospital greens hung in front of my face, they pulled her out, and then up into the air, so I could see her. Finally. The little girl who, just moments earlier, was performing more of her daily pirouettes inside of my tummy.
the hottest rating, the hottest masculine-pumped sports in the World,
I have digressed quite a bit here! Todays article is about What Harry Potter Can Teach You About Time Management. So here are a few things that I have gleaned from the movie:
Thansk for stopping by.
I had to take her to the hospital again the other day, and she was so afraid. So tiny and afraid, even when they put the IV, into her little arms, and she asked, “are you coming with me?” when they wheeled her down the hallway, to get her xrays. “Yes, of course, mom.” I wouldn’t think of letting her go alone. She’s so afraid, and to watch as they let her stand by the machine, I saw how small she was. I wondered in amazement at how this frail women raised all of us against all the odds. The things she’s been through in her life. Just what did she do to my brother and sister, that they are so hateful? I cannot understand them.
And I guess that’s the point; a wedding ceremony isn’t something you do every day (hopefully) so it stands to reason that something should make it extraordinary. So why not infuse rings with meaning and symbolism, and why not insist that people are facing each other at the correct time, and why not delve into Old English when necessary?
Except that unlike Wallace, Sullivan’s personality doesn’t take over the story; for example, in Wallace’s cruise ship piece (the title essay of A Supposedly Fun Thing I’ll Never Do Again) he not only goes to eat at the ship’s buffet but eats so much it makes him sick, and even though it’s of course about barfing on greed and excess, we can’t help but focus mainly on the guy who would do such a thing. When Sullivan goes to the Christian rock concert, he limits himself to some pan-fried frogs’ legs and tries to blend in.
Still there is pride.
Keep yourself updated through the Club group See you there!
Love it? then buy it!
What's the worst thing you've done, had to do, or had happen to you as a writer? Did you kill off a favorite character? Did you delete your unfinished novel in a fit of despair -- or worse, did you delete it by accident? Were you laid off from your writing job? Did you get really drunk one night and write an orgy scene in the middle of your children's novel? Violate Godwin's Law when raging at the publishing industry? Offend someone critical to your career or cite incorrect facts? Yell "FIRE" in a crowded library just to get some peace and quiet? Make horrendous grammar mistakes, misspell your own name in a query letter, or make a really embarrassing typo involving the name "Denis"?
For the syrup, combine water and sugar in a small saucepan and bring to simmer, stirring to dissolve sugar. Once dissolved, remove from heat and cool. Add coffee and alcohol.
The whole video started out pretty good. My camera work was steady, the "actors" voices unslurred, but pitcher after pitcher of beer is not conducive to academic pursuits and though we didn't really realize it we were all inebriated long before we departed Holiday Inn. We then traveled over to a guy named Jaime's house for the big climactic fight scene of the husband coming home and getting physical with his wife.
Goal time: Boston Marathon Qualifying time = 3 hrs 10 mins 59 sec/ 7:17 pace!!!!
Date auction for charity - We’ve also rounded up 5 amazing singles; a few friends, a few staff… who are willing to put up with the creepy of the creepy (or even make a connection) with one of YOU.
Today I bought my favorite scotch
The troubles circling me now has been present for the longest time, perhaps from the time I decided to get more serious in music and pay for a private teacher.
The clean team "I have a cleaning service come in once every two weeks. What those three ladies do in 90 minutes takes me three days! Now, I can spend weekends with my son instead of dusting, vacuuming, and scrubbing floors."— Shawn Gisi, mother of Jack Anthony, 11 months, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
While this plan has been developed in secrecy, it also explains why Stanford was so quick to exit the earlier competition for a place on Roosevelt Island. The law school will cost literally billions less to build than the research center. And it also turns out that the three universities will achieve an economy of scale, developing a single student center, and athletic complex on the island.
How's the routine working for you?﻿
My oldest daughter recently celebrated her Fourth Birthday! I cannot believe my baby has gotten so big. It breaks my heart just a little bit that time is flying by so quickly. I like making cupcakes for Birthday parties. I like decorating them but I don't usually have the patience to do anything too elaborate. I saw this picture on Pinterest and knew I had found a winner. My daughter has loved "Despicable Me" since she first saw it. She especially loves the Minions. These were a huge party hit! All the kids thought they were cool and couldn't wait to eat a Minion.
One additional note: I added a highlighter test at the request of a few readers. The G-1 did very well in that regard, hardly smudging at all. I barely gave it any time to dry either - I wrote the line, and then came right back over it with the highlighter. I'll try to do this on other reviews from time to time, and I'll try to photograph it better as well.
She was much worse than this though, and actually used to run away every time she saw the brush. To encourage her, I gave her some cuddles first and then showed her the brush. I kept doing this, and at the same time as stroking her, I brushed. I was extra careful because she was still a baby! I used, and still use, a kitten grooming set.
US, European and African anti-drug and counter-terrorism officials fear that Islamist cooperation with groups like the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) could significantly fill the coffers of rebels operating across a crucial swathe of land that includes Algeria, Morocco, Mauretania, Mali, Chad and Niger, rich in uranium as well as oil and gas. Enhanced cash flow could enable the rebels to further undermine already weak, authoritarian regimes that face widespread discontent, restive nomadic populations, extreme poverty and an influx of Islamist thinking via satellite television and militant missionaries.
So how did this quiet, unassuming man get involved in one of the biggest demonstrations the country has seen?
Santa was last years project
1p0- Person Of Interest
Once sliced I decided it was worth waiting for. I zapped it in the microwave just to warm it up a tad, and the hubby had his with whipped cream on it. It was moist, chocolate-y, nutty and very satisfying. I love nuts in my baked goods and having three different ones, each with it's own texture was great. Along with the chocolate chips with was one rich and yummy loaf. I am not sure how much better it would have been with hazelnuts. Maybe, if I ever find any, I will try this again. But, it was just fine like I made it this time.
Damn, that’s awesome advice. I think I’ll take it. I’m putting too much work into this endeavor not too.
All the relatives and friends who don't walk the planet anymore.
The Co-Op did open a coffee shop in the tire/auto parts store annex. I’m assured the food is great, and I don’t doubt it.
Put cut veggies into one layer in a roasting dish and sprinkle the spices in an even manner along the top. Drizzle the olive oil over all the vegetables and then lightly toss to coat all the vegetables evenly.
In another step, you can find more shapes, equally distinctive. Here is a piece of lichen, like a branch of pale coral.
New players don’t read the story; they look at the gameplay. So while emphasizing, funding, and giving power to gameplay design departments is good in hooking in new players, ignoring the story department punishes loyal players who are in it for the story. A constantly evolving story keeps things just as fresh as a new champion. Good game design and good story are complementary in this way.
Two female reporters, Samiya Al Eissa and Nesreen Najm Al Deen, wrote about Shaima’s case in a local newspaper. As a result, the two reporters were referred to the Ministry of Information’s press violation committee — not for reporting an untruth, but for reporting a truth that the Ministry views as threatening to national unity. The Ministry’s accusatory letter was leaked and a scanned copy made the rounds on social media, where many pointed out that the two reporters were not the only ones to report Shaima’s case. A similar report by a male reporter was published in Al Hayat newspaper, no reports have surfaced that he was reprimanded or accused of causing national discord.
The propensity to fill all their empty, to prevent any possibility of failing...
The 7th is finally here which means a whole lot of fun things happening today!
Dennis Michael Cook, 33, Colts Neck, N.J.
I leave you with scripture.
Quartile rankings compare funds within a category and list them according to a series of calculations, including performance. While no one is suggesting one should chase short-term performance, we highlight the following to demonstrate how proud we are, and you can be, of the funds we offer Canadians.
After this he was effectively hounded out of the U.S.A, by political persecution and paranoia, being accused of 'moral depravity', he was known for his fondness of women, and had numerous affairs. His imprints were removed from the Hollywood walk of fame, such were the authorities disdain for him and were subsequently lost to the mists of time. Because of being pilloried by the right-wing press and reactionary institutions like the American legion and all the subsequent propoganda unleashed against him he began to lose favour with the American public. Ironically in 1952 saw the release of Limelight , which could be seen as a semi-autobiographical story concerning a story about a once famous comedian who has lost his ability to command his audience, basing his performance on Frank Tinney (1877-1940) an American Black film comedian and the Spanish clown Marceline (1873 - 1927) for me personally a film of great pathos.
No matter how long I wait
So you have these governments whose actions are a function of their interests. You have the Human Rights Council of the United Nations – excuse me, but if people don’t think this is all about politics, just look at this body, which was chaired by Libya and 80 percent of whose decisions are against us. Everyone’s talking differently about Libya today, but this Libya they’re all attacking now is the same Libya that acted against us all the time.
1.THE JAM - In The City
Maternity Clothes: are very comfy
Or is it a Dream?
girls and the business!!! I am getting into a
back story (cause I'm a talker--)
- What could be easier than buying a Pop Tart? It turns out making great-tasting copies at home is simple and cheaper.
Some days we do not have to look far nor hard to find much magic in our life. This past week was such an experience. I received word from my youngest son that he had been promoted to manager of the Bunge facility, formerly Central Soya, in Decatur! He graduated from Tri State with a mechanical engineering degree after serving 8 years in the army, three of them in Germany, where I had the privilege of visiting him. Just before graduation they purchased a home in Decatur. We wanted to question the advisability of this because it would limit his choices of employment. Fortunately our theory of keeping our noses out of our kids lives was the right one. We were available for advice and support but not control. He accepted a position at this facility that was about three blocks from their new home! It is a fantastic feeling when as Sam Levinson, an author who had his own television show years ago, said, ”It is great when others say nice things about your kids.” Success is usually the combination of the co-operation and support of family members. So here is my thanks to Mari, his wife and his four kids.
XL: “It’s difficult for me to mention a specific festival due to the style of music that I play. Perhaps the Download Festival? I’d like to prepare a show for that event.”
In my family we are pretty close all of us , even with the extended family of aunts uncles, cousins grandoarents and everything as well as the nucleur family therefore we have always spent a lot of time together and even still see my cousins and aunts and stuff on the weekends and one of my sisters but i miss seeing my mum and all my sisters and brothers every day and spending time with them ever since i moved i miss them :P- so yes spending time with my family makes me happy.
Today was the princess field trip to the zoo. Not having to appear in public until 9:30am, left me the morning to conquer the world. So I went back to the elliptical. I don’t think I like it as much as doing it outdoors but it is convenient for those times I need it. My plan was to use it again when I returned from the zoo, but after walking the entire zoo thought I had sufficient exercise for the day and spent the night unwinding.
I didn't even know a skateboard could go faster than a bike but I guess if you have no fear....they do.
How about being over already? I’d like silence and darkness right now.
Dusk - Gems from Michael's
I have a lot of books in my apartment, most of which I am very fond of, and would hate to loose, but I suppose I could live without should the need arise. But by far the most precious ones are the lot sitting on the two top shelves of the bookshelf just to the left of my desk. These are all my old notebooks, chronicling my sightings of birds, insects, snakes, plants and sundry other organisms since I was about 14 years old. In case of fire they would be the first I would save after wife and kids.
Thanks to my hearty peasant blood, I never suffer from allergies. But this season, after an incredibly mild winter followed by an incredibly hot spring, my aristocratic sensitive blood has taken over.
These teens have big secrets they are keeping from each other. There's deception after deception, backstabbing, jealousy, and devious plots ending up in what can only be described as a hot mess for all of them.
Today, Wednesday, is my first day at the clinic so I am back over at The Churchill. I also needed magnesium (3 hours!) so visited the DTU (Day Treatment Unit). It's given me a chance to get some more sleep, the hospital transport arrived at 09:30 this morning which meant it's been a very tiring day already.
-Sleep in a little bit, get ready
My today’s post i would like to dedicate to Guba trip with WeBlog team,organized by Ireli PU (14.08.2011)
He is paraded about by the IRA as their link to a legitimate early republic, that he fought for in 1916-22. He's a "holy relic," an "ancient activist," a "talisman," and a "living saint." Those few familiar with not only Gerry Adams but also Tom Maguire will recognize characters "inspired" by diehard republicans. Their bearded leader tells Henry, as the end seems near for the 1990s IRA: "We've battered all other definitions" of Irishness "into submission."
Doors open at 1:00 pm.
I’ve known no time
As brassy as she was, the move took a lot of pluck, even if it was an evil sort of pluck right out of the right out of the pages of Neitszche. She carried with her a modest purse and the names and address of people to look up given to her by Willie Howard, and that was it. (It’s all Willy Howard’s fault!). She saw some of Howard’s friends, including popular songwriter Harry Von Tilzer, but nothing came of it. In an effort to save money, she immediately set about doing what she knew best: singing for her supper in restaurants. Because she was on the lam, on her first hiring she gave an alias: Sophie Tuck…er.
It’s very much a story of layers – examining how the events of the past have reflected and shaped the present, exploring how ripples of loss and love flow on to the next generation. Ultimately though, Taylor and her friends are their own persons, with their own questions and insecurities and mistakes to make as they build their future.
I know there are those who will say it’s because they interfere at work and sure, if you work construction or plumbing or as an electrician it might not be convenient to wear a wedding ring but my dad did those jobs and he always wore his ring. If for some reason it’s simply not possible to wear a ring then fine, don’t wear it at work but that’s no excuse to not wear it at all. How does not being able to wear it at work prevent a man from wearing it at home? Or out with friends? Or out with his wife? Or anywhere basically that isn’t work.
STAMP: Belles n Whistles "Pen Friend"
You can't class something as left or right based on racism alone, although I find left wing groups, or what get labeled as left wing to be more abundantly racist that those on the right. White supremacist groups are very few in number and have little support. They are usually labeled right wing.
Parents most of all just want to be there for our children!
Back in the era of sending things via the post office, I think Valentines meant more...
Obamacare vastly expands Medicaid, but it should also be noted that Medicaid has been expanded over the years without evoking this kind of organized resistance. Over a million Americans descended on Washington, D.C. on March 20, 2010 to demand that it not be passed. They were dismissed by the White House that bribed and pressured members of Congress who, it turns out, never even read the law before voting on it.
‘More than $52,000,000: Lobbying for the first three years of the Obama presidency, 50 percent more than in the Bush Administration’.
Dear reader, it is what it is.
Administrative Assistant
Not even gonna lie…shunning processed foods is going to be tough, especially since many of the things I make from “scratch” have ingredients from boxes and bottles! This is going to be a learning experience unlike when I decided to become an herbivore.
Or we could have 2 and 2.5 against 5,3 and 4.
Breakfast consisted of chocolate balls and hot chocolate drink for the youngest, eldest still in bed until lunch I will expect and I had a small butterfly shaped, home-made cookie. So we watched F.R.I.E.N.D.S for about two hours, daughter did mummy’s hair with a few clips, then lunch, then finger nail painting, a real pamper session courtesy of the 6 year old.
How did it die?
Having a blog has been a great discipline and experience, and it has helped me meet so many interesting people who have given me so much. Someday I want to be able to do what these people have done for me: to help other beginners find their way, deal with the frustration of endless rejections, and generally learn all the things you have to learn to be a good writer. One of the things I have learned is that there is no pinnacle, no end point. Even if you publish something big and manage to become a bestselling author, you just keep going, keep writing, keep trying to get even better.
* Photo entries must be sent to us at: contests@littledivatutus.com ONLY. Please do not post your entries on our Facebook Fan Page. We will do that when all the entries have been received.
And I think Anna Della Russo is awesome. Always fearless in her fashion choices she looks amazing, confident and happy in her own skin. Don’t wear designer head to toe, don’t wear short, sheer or feathers if you aren’t young, the list of don’ts tossed by the wayside is endless. She ignores it all.
Last night at around ten o’clock, I collected a friend from Greenwich. I parked in a small street behind and just a few yards away from the Up The Creek comedy club.
Formed in 2010 the band of vocalist Vassilis, guitarist Alex “Ad Ventus”, bassist Stergios, drummer Eli, and Vassilis “Q-Snc” on keyboards and orchestration, from a core black metal vein encompass symphonic and in some ways progressive metal with a wise and wizened touch that creates music which consumes and takes the senses into ventures that are intimidating, challenging, and impressively rewarding. Based in Greece with some members in the UK and US, Litrosis has created an album which is far reaching and deeply intrusive, the perfect blend.
But I have been spending inordinate amounts of time simply sitting and staring. I can tell my writing isn’t as good as I’m capable of making it. I’m struggling to find the words. I don’t feel connected to them as I usually do when I express myself.
This year winter seems like a friend
Trevor Marriott – Carl Feigenbaum: aka Jack the Ripper New
Tools: Martha Stewart Daisy edge punch, sewing machine, Tim Holtz Tiny Attacher
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush. I keep my toothbrush in the living room now.
We also fully intended to decorate the dang thing after we put it on him. As you can see it's been four weeks and it just hasn't happened. One of these days we'll get around to decorating it. I thought Halloween would be the perfect time to try and decorate it but Amy, Nathan's therapist, informed me that he will be out of the helmet long before Halloween rolls around. Yay!
First choice is the Homespun Chevron in Navy. I don't need the blues to match, but they should be almost identical, or two completely different shades. Hard to tell from the website's image.
Adventures in Czarist Russia, or From Paris to Astrakhan (Impressions de voyage: En Russie; De Paris à Astrakan: Nouvelles impressions de voyage (1858), 1859–1862
3 becoming
Breathe. Breathe.
What’s more there is no need to leap before you look as Noah’s Ark Zoo Farm makes lesson planning so much easier thanks to free familiarisation visits. That means that teachers can take a tour of the site and see all the facilities on offer, whilst discussing their personal requirements with Education Officers.
The kids had so much fun with this. Way more than I ever expected. They were giggling themselves silly and they didn't even realise they were learning. Granted the 'educational component' of this was more for Fairy Princess, it was fun for Lego Lover to brush up a little too.
Mastered by Roddenberry on a dual processor 2-GHz Macintosh G5 with Sound Studio OS-X2.1.1
The last part is a collection of short stories each with Bertie in a bigger soup than before and he is saved from each mess by the quick thinking and enterprise of Jeeves who rises to each challenge.
of winter stars.
Meanwhile Serafina hatches various plans to escape and not all of them are successful. After one failed attempt, she is almost lured into abandoning her plans for escape by the abbess, the novice mistress and another saintly nun. But Zuana intervenes. Not having many acquaintances outside the convent walls, Zuana takes on a motherly role to the young novice. She seems to be constantly asking herself what is truly best for the girl and then encourages her to try for that.
07 - Dimmu Borgir - The Maelstrom Mephisto
And if the betrayal of her principles made her unhappy, the solution seemed simple: to redefine her principles. Allow for this exception.
Holland is the captain of the Gekko State, and rules it with an iron fist. He had a pretty spiffy job in the military before he said "screw it," and high tailed it out of there, becoming an awesome lifter (basically, you ride a skateboard on AIR) and an outlaw. When Renton, the new kid on board joins and starts throwing around his opinions everywhere, Holland just throws him in the brig. Take that, brat. That'll teach you to try to make my crew into an actual functioning group.
Even Teddy Bo is just printed out like that - I haven't added any shading. Which makes it a great image to use if you want to make a quick card.
Instead of taking every effective measure to cull information from terrorists, the current administration threatens CIA agents with prosecution for keeping us safe.
Spring forth germination.
Easter Retreat in Ilorin,
I watched a video on the internet about eating healthy. It promoted eating foods with only one ingredient and avoiding processed foods, even if the package says that it’s good for you. I think they’re right about that.
I wrote for the Gloss today about my number one list item: getting published. I've been questioning the wisdom of giving myself an arbitrary deadline for such a big life goal; what is the purpose of it? If it was to make myself write? Done. If it was to make myself pursue publication? Done. All done. TWICE! It's in the hands of fate now, deadlines be damned.
I’ve added a “Shows” page to this site, where I will put invites and posters to do with the shows that I’m in. Pretty self-explanatory I know.
There are 10 million gazillion taxis here in town and one of them will screech to a halt in front of you if you just raise your arm half way out .. as if you are pointing to the spot where you want that black and yellow car to stop.
Ironically, the thick head hides some of the aroma by blocking it from escaping. What little I am able to extract from it nasally is that of a trademark spicy Belgian yeast and malt. There is a tad of chlorine in the aroma, but I'll pretend I didn't smell it.
Title: Best Forgotten
The DMCA take-down system is often declared "useless" by those pushing for ever shinier new laws. But does this claim by a (self-promoting, far from uninvolved) takedown agent suggest that just possibly it may not be so ineffective after all?"I must confess that, till I received this email, I had not heard of Takedown Piracy, and wonder whether readers have any experiences of its operations within and outside the United States.
(I need to fix the code, so the "read more" leads you nowhere...sorry).
So, no eyes. Did he at least still have a body?
It is true that only God can forgive sin (on His own authority). But, God has chosen to delegate that authority. When a priest with faculties to absolve sin says the words of absolution during Confession, he forgives the penitent’s sins by the power and authority of Christ conferred to that priest through Holy Orders. The priest thus acts in the person of Christ (in persona Christi).
I comment that the price of copper declined, as credit tightened; and as the price of copper declined, China Financials, CHIX, declined. Copper is used as collateral in both the recognized banking system and in the shadow banking system. The fall in the price of copper is partially attributable to the fall in China bank stocks.
Once you click Restore you will be prompted to make sure you want to do this, click the next button to start the restoration.
Both are interlinked. I can't do the romance without my Higher Power, for courage. I haven't really dated since ummmm the very early 70's ... I'm a little wobbly in this regard, having been out of the race for so long. (MAJOR understatement)
I’m stopping me. Like most people (or so I imagine), I am deep-down a gaudy, bright basket filled with insecurity, apathy, indifference, and self-absorption. It also doesn’t help that my degree of sanity when I wake up is approximately Charlie Sheen level. My hope for waking up early was contingent on a meteor impact propeling me out of my room, or my roommate injecting some sort of adrenal stimulus into my heart.
Anyway, I was exhausted after that. No more energy. I just kinda sat around for the rest of the evening. After the little kids went to bed, Eme and I used the rest of the rotten bananas and made some mini loaves of Banana bread. And I blogged while they were cooking. It's now 8:41pm. CPT and Jake are working on hanging a clothes rod in his room. The two of them are REALLY getting along good these past 2 days. (not to jinx it, you know!)
I do love them, though, and they fit perfectly! I can't wait to wear them more with bare legs come summer! Thank you, Megan, for such a wonderful gift! I am always on the lookout for things for you!
¤Since the cars where homemade they didnt work so well so most of the time they filmed it in pitched speed to give the illusion that the cars where fast. Sometimes the cars didnt work at all but since it was a lowbudget film they fixed that by pushing the cars downhill to give it some speed.
When Italy kicked our team out in the semifinals, they changed the text over night into '54 '74 '90 2010 and sang about the next oportunity in South Africa. With this song they also welcomed our team in Berlin.
Pilsner Urquell;
‘No, nothing is wrong with you. There’s been an earthquake,’ we repeated to him, and gesticulated it till he understood.
* Previous entrants and winners of the Prize are eligible to enter in subsequent years.
The kids on the train at the zoo. Justin loves trains so he was fulfilling one of his life long dreams here.
25Have I not been weeping for the crushed? and was not my soul sad for him who was in need?
– Majestic “Cooperstown” neck label
I’ll be eating my burger with delight and I’m totally at someone else’s table. It’s like I’m sitting there, but I’m not. I’m sitting at my table. The last time this happened, I was privy to a conversation about purple purses. I couldn’t turn away, because then I would be in a conversation about fish. What’s a girl to do?
After a moment Brie says, "All I can say is, if I were that fat, I'd kill myself."' (p36)
And results have not helped. In fact, they are the root cause in particular the stunning ability that the squad has acquired to drop points when you least expect them to. Not that this is particularly new since many an Arsenal side prior to the arrival of Arsène Wenger was adept at this as well. The squads from 1971 – 73 could pull that trick off quite well but were pale by comparison to Don Howe’s squad of 1984 – 86. Ultimately the manager is responsible for the season’s results with a snideness creeping into comments about him being overpaid regardless of the fact that Arsenal managers since the early 1900s have been well paid by comparison to their peers.
Velvet Underground I’m waiting for my man US
Enter our new client... "The Chinese People". It was a disaster from the beginning. It was our practice to tell clients when we were selling our service that we only did, "Skeleton" cleaning. Our prices were cheap and we were quickly in and out. We requested that the house be empty when we cleaned because it was faster and more comfortable for everyone. If a regular client needed us to do something special, every once in a while, we would do a "Special Request".
So first off, what kind of guy takes a girl out on a blind date when in less than 24 hours she will be set apart as a missionary? Yeah, I don't know either. But that is happening to me, in t minus 30 minutes. Plant a seed? I guess. It should be quite enjoyable! :)
When the Spaniards were exploring around these parts, they brought a lot of their talents with them, painters, silversmiths, etc. The silversmiths taught the indigenous folks how to make jewelry and other functional work and when the churches were going up, they painted these religious figures on wooden tablets, ya know, kind of like St. Francis of Assisi did...most people in the proto-Renaissance didn't read so he figured out a way for the village people to learn their Bible studies, by painting frescoes on the interior walls of churches. Anyway, the retablos have a very specific style...Google them and you can see what I mean and take a look at what the present day New Mexican artists are doing...many have maintained the old style, even making their own pigments out of the local flora and fauna and minerals. However, I love what the contemporary religious artists are doing and therefore, I set my course and veered into that direction.
TLDR Watch This: female space pirates
* Abdullah bin Laden, nephew of the al-Qaida kingpin whose name appears on the federal terrorist watchlist.
Guldberg argues that it is impossible for any sense of community to exist without trust. If all other adults – particularly men – are perceived as a potential risk to children, then we reach a situation where only the parent is responsible for a child, and other adults shy away from intervening, even where a child is in danger.
How are you? How are final exams? I bet you can't wait to be done! Anyways, I just wanted to share with you all an OOTD of a few days ago.
You can also click as you follow the line to force points to be created on the path. Close the selection by pressing the Enter key or clicking at a point near the beginning of the selection. The Magnetic Lasso Tool is not available in ImageRead
They thought the clay was the coolest and wanted to "play" with it afterwards. This kid created a little alien man from his clay sample. I probably could have bagged it and sold it in my classroom store!!(: Silly kids!
I graduated from nursing school in December. I found a subleased at the perfect time (a few days before graduation) and I was moved out to my parents house within 3 days. I had everything in place in terms of my license paperwork and was just waiting on everyone else (school, board, etc) to receive my letter to test. I fell into quite a routine for the next two and a half months. I would sleep in until about 10 something. Wait until I could no longer hold out for food, about 10:30 or 11. Eat my new found delicious, vegan, healthy, protein packed breakfast of whole grain oats, protein powder and strawberries. Washed down by an enormous glass of water. Wait a few hours while relaxing and watching tv (I hadn’t slept in what felt like decades throughout nursing school). I’d eat an extremely light lunch of a banana with peanut butter and maybe some veggies and 2 tbsp of hummus. I’d apply for a few jobs then start in on studying for the NCLEX for a few hours. I’d eat a fairly light dinner with my parents of a greek salad, a medditeranean style dinner of lentil soup and hummus/tabouli and pita.. or something like that. I always was able to eat somewhere between 1300-1600 calories of food a day, 10-12 glasses of water, barely any crap including diet coke. I went from 154 lbs to 146 lbs. My body thinned out an incredible amount for that seemingly small amount of 8 lbs. No bloat, less cellulite and visual fat, etc. I would often start my day with doing an entire round of every song on just dance 2 or 3 for 45 minutes. My dinner would never be eaten later than 6′ish, and I would not eat anything after that, maybe a 20 calorie cup of hot cocoa. I would cook delicious meals when we wouldn’t eat out such as risotto, chicken noodle soup, black bean chili, etc.
The Memory Never Dies
My little buba is turning 2 in May, and I wanted to make her party invitations. She is having a Teddy Bears picnic party this year. I used one of her fav Bears (Big Bob), and her play house (which was a presnet from her Grandma) as inspiration.
The match is on, and also tonight….a Final Face-Off between CM Punk and HHH.
We both go quiet. She starts to cry because she can sense the worst is over and her tears are of release and relief. I watch her cry these big gloppy tears that begin to stain her little face, and in that moment I imagine viewing her first ever set of school photo’s in a couple of weeks . They will probably capture this sad little orphan Annie face with the red rimmed eyes and immortalize for the next 50 years a special piece of mothers guilt labelled the ‘blue stocking saga of 2012’ just for me. Perfect.
What do you mean by self-discipline? Do you mean the ability to stick with a plan? Do you mean the ability to do something unpleasant that just has to get done? Do you mean taking care of hygiene every day? All of those?
Main characters Mike and Donna were easy to relate to, though I often wished more was said in the earlier stages of their professional relationship. Sullivan makes up for this little lapse as the story goes on, with both Mike and Donna showing their true intelligence in their confrontations with the Triple E CEO. Mike and Donna’s relationship unfolds similar to those formed out of stressful, life or death situations, but the main emphasis of the story is not eclipsed by their relationship. Other characters, including the main antagonist, were portrayed with a certain realism that is easily identified with, and that can already be seen with the questionable ethical/moral practices we see from big business present day.
I do remember that Rob at his 40th birthday party mentioned he didn’t want to see 50. He had a really hard time dealing with 40, was very badly behaved in the time leading up to the party and even though he ended up having a good time, he did make that comment about not making 50. I recall thinking it was a very strange thing to say at the time, but he was right unfortunately.
Narrow minded. “Lacking in flexibility or breadth of vision”. We refuse to expand our vision to include junk food thoughts. Junk food wreaks havoc with your body and the same is true of your mind. Allowing ourselves to lose focus by giving precedence to those things which are not productive to our vision just screws everything up and slows us down. Who needs that? Not me. I have some very big goals in mind. A big goal take a big vision with no room for spots.
Lately, I like the water that contains oxygen. That, and green tea. Japanese tea is delicious.
And so on and so forth.
2 imagined
Simply Red Holding back the years UK
Regardless if you believe in the three wars going on, these men and women risk their lives everyday in order to keep the USA the “land of the free and the home of the brave.”
Address: Brought to an agreement Paulista 1578, San Paolo of the Brasile
The tube lasts quite a while because it takes very little color to cover the eye lids. Mercier also has a Eye Bright color that is great for that extra boost for evening colors. I have a few very blonde friends who love it because they are so pale that this gives them more control over what colors they wear without losing the desired look when they leave the house in the morning.
You always wanted me to write you a letter, but I couldn’t do it.
Muffy is fixated on making tea, and brings Kit every flavor she could find. Kit busies herself with the tea. hoping to snap Muffy out of her weird phase, and discovers that there's a problem with the water not flowing through the pipes. Muffy explains that when the pipes aren't working, they use a well on the property.
"Wishing you Hope" was CASEd from a pin I saw today on Pinterest. The pic came from stampyblock.blogspot.com . She makes beautiful cards!
Next, place some smallish Pyrex dishes (or other ramekin-type dishes) in the water bath. No need for them all to be the same size. You can see here that I used three small ones, a medium one, and three clean baby food jars. Why the baby food jars, you ask? I'm experimenting with them as a way to send custard with my three-year-old to preschool in the fall, when I'll be packing her lunch three days each week. (They turned out perfectly baked in these jars, by the way! I poured the excess off the full ones into the big Pyrex dish so that there would be about 1/2 inch to expand during the baking.)
If any of you ladies are in need of a creative shower/wedding/birthday gift for someone, I highly recommend checking out this Etsy shop. For less than $50, I got Caitlin this personalized cutting board. It was so adorable and such high quality, I am thinking about ordering one for myself.
Well I have been having some funky stuff going on with my minivan and in our family I do the house stuff and Mr. Genius does all of the car stuff. Seriously if any light on my car turns on I call him in a panic. And for the past 2 months I have had two lights on that won't go away.
- Mormon Transhumanist Association president and Orem resident Lincoln Cannon gave a positive review
This month Creative Mamas is welcoming some wonderful guests to our congo. We have Alei-Noodle Knits as well as Corrine's Treasure Hunts. Both ladies make some wonderful items. One make lovely knits, as well as a knitting pattern for woolies for those already experienced with knitting. The other makes I-Spy bags which can provide hours of entertainment for children and adults alike.
I cranked up two space heaters, and the garage reached a balmy 60 degrees F, at one point. It was a decently sunny day, and my dog (Fester) enjoyed laying in the sun and watching for any scraps of food to drop.
Oh hey, who am I kidding, though? People can’t even be bothered to get their knee all the way to the ground when they genuflect (in front of the Tabernacle, you know, wherein reposes Christ, their Saviour), so why would they bother about knowing the word “consubstantial”?
Tonight I should be doing things, but I just want to sit here. Mom is coming over tomorrow to play with the kids while I make soap, so I really need to make sure I've got all my ingredients and gear in one place, but man, when do I get a day off? I just want to rest for a while!
Never mind that the black dress being mentioned here is an official dress that I wear to work!
As for the Black Caps, I have several thoughts. Bracewell needs to be replaced before his time is up, the damage he is doing to the team is almost a crime. Well, I say Bracewell, for me, it’s whoever has the final say as far as team selection and batting positions go. I fail to understand why McCullum was selected as a batsman only. Sure he scored a half decent 70 odd, but in all reality, if those 70 odd had come further down the order, with potentially a batsman ahead of him scoring some runs, the outcome of the last test could possibly been quite a bit different.
Adjusting to these new roles is not easy. I really want to be submissive, I want to give my husband the respect he deserves, but I'm just not good at it and old habits die hard. This is hard. I'm not trying to disobey him, I'm not trying to disrespect him, I'm not trying to test him to see if he's serious and will punish me. I just am hot tempered and sometimes short sighted. I think over time and through perseverance from both of us, we'll figure out this whole new dynamic for our marriage, but right now, I think we're both struggling.
Yes, taking Mohammed’s or the Koran’s words ‘out of context’. That old chestnut! That which current non-Muslims, or current critical non-Muslims, always seem to do. That is, to take this or that negative-sounding passage ‘out of context’. So this cliché actually began with Mohamed himself.
“You’d do it again wouldn’t you?”
as they see fit.
The blood of the city up—arm’d! arm’d! the cry everywhere,
I found a set of cutout bugs on colored card stock at the craft store. The kids had fun being creative and making them unique. :) They used glitter, markers, pipe cleaners, pom poms and googly eyes to decorate them.
during the tidy-up you took the eth or the the out of methodology
Meanwhile, Obama remained sharply critical of what he called “the religious absolutism of the Christian right.”
*Wild Flower jewellery
- Down to Berowa Waters, my top speed on a bike ever down the hill, but as with all hills you ride down ...
4 medium carrots, chopped
One reviewer called it a “witty script.” Yes! And another “modern” reviewer said: “It’s great entertainment and after all these years remains fresh and a joy to watch.”
Rules (laws and constitution) which are undemocratic or reduce Human Rights are meant to be broken (or legally challenged), and those amendments to bad and oft abused by-laws have not been implemented by DAP while DAP uses the same bad laws to abuse the people with. And not a word on apartheid? “It is time to stop racial and religious division,” is far too oblique for any racist to hear. Foolish and petty minded nepotist. At 66.6% quorums LGE would never have been CM. This man’s presence is an insult to democracy and the voters, who had no choice in deciding who should be CM.
to a decrepit warehouse. Parks. Beggar gets out.
The middle of the 19th century saw introduction of new variation of poker games such as Stud, a cowboy invention from Ohio and Indiana, 5 Card Draw, which began during the Civil War period Although winning poker hands were not as we know them today. The 1864 edition of The American Hoyle gives the following winning hands rank “one pair, two pairs, straight sequence or rotation, triplets, flush, full house, fours.” It adds “When a straight and a flush come together in one hand, it outranks a full” but not fours.
So what has a gum tree got to do with me? Well my tree (as I like to call it) was stubborn, it held on. I am stubborn, I am holding on. I may be down, but I'm not out. I'm not finished, I've got some growing to do even though growing can hurt. Kids will often complain about growing pains in the legs, it's a bit like that. I do my growing by persisting and not giving in when really it would be so much easier just to stay in bed, hide under the covers and go back to sleep. I persist by incorporating things in my life on a daily basis, the things I love to do. I have to create, it's not an optional extra for me. It's how I connect to who and what I am and when I make connections it seems to go a little easier for me. I might crochet, sew or paint in oils or create by tending my garden. I need a relationship with the ground and I'm sure that has a lot to do with growing up on a farm. And I suppose winter is such a struggle for me because I can't be outside with my hands in the ground.
It will drive you mad
I will admit that I much rather face a terrorist threat than to have my freedoms taken from me. Why? Because the terrorist threat to me, as an individual, is less likely to occur than the threat that I face from my very own government, a government I gave an oath to protect from enemies, foreign and domestic, an oath I believe I am still bound by, despite the fact that I’m no longer in the US Air Force.
Ran a couple races, nothing too extraordinary. Here’s
lovely flowers surrounding steps leading up to a beautiful, ornate painted veranda - I would love to have a house with a veranda! Just imagine sitting here watching the world go by and enjoying the garden, or entertaining with family or friends.
The lovely Bernie had made a beautiful card, covering both Rudolph Day and the Snippets Playground - to see it go here. As always, Bernie has produced a really lovely card, very soft and gentle - for a lady threatening to hammer the snow plough driver with her snow shovel a few weeks ago she does show her inner softness when crafting :) Bernie's husband is undergoing some hospital tests so it would be kind if you keep him in your thoughts right now. Fingers crossed from all of your playmates Bernie!
So today is the first day we've gotten to stay home since Christmas Eve! The kids have been trying out all their new toys. Pretty soon though, we need to pack up and I have to go into the scrapbook store for a few hours. My boss isn't feeling good so the kids and I are going in for a few hours LOL Luckily, my good friend Stacey is going to pick up Noah after she gets off work. I don't think he'd last long at the store. Although he loves to greet customers! :)
Someone might say, “Oh, I never would have gotten tired of manna!” No, but you complain about your apartment, job, spouse, etc. When we cease being grateful and thankful for the things we have and begin to complain about them, we have moved out of a state of contentment and gratitude, and we are on dangerous ground. Whether it is over the job we have or this or that, we need to cultivate contentment. Yes, trust God for more. Yes, you should develop the gifts and the skills God put in you and take them to their highest usability in your life. Be the greatest blessing you can be, but learn to be content where you are and grateful for what you have.
Kelly & Joanna (who at that time was the assistant DP) took me into the living room, they called it "the lobby." I was told to sit on the floor while they emptied my purse in front of me. Any and all make up I had in my bag was taken away, the pack of pills (birth control- what? Like it's that shocking for a 16 yr old to be on them?) was taken away. The pack of gum? Taken. My wallet was opened, and everything was taken out of it, including my drivers license and money, as little as there was. I had 2 cassette tapes as well; Metallica "And Justice For All", & Black Sabbath "Paranoid"... both taken. We weren't allowed to have music. (?!?!?!?!?!!!!!!)
It was a cold Saturday morning. Well, more afternoon I guess, but a whiskey hangover and inclement weather distorted my sense of it being well into the day. After desperately failed attempts to preserve the yolks of my fried eggs and a couple sloppy egg and cheeses later, I decided the best course of action to impose some reason on this ridiculous affair of a day was to go for a bike ride.
Music majors.
So I was hopping through the blogosphere, dealing with some technical blog-post issues when I realized it might do many well —including myself—to sing the praises of WordPress: my blogging software of choice (WP, from here on in).
Is this an opportunity that Visa should further invest media spend in beyond their worldwide sponsorship, specifically within the U.S. market?
(2) Rama was working with very tough colors, yet she still managed to execute the table in a sophisticated way (In particular, blues are not easy to execute with desserts)
蒼い残り火
This new little family is living in the apartment over my garage.
I now have my Olympics ID card, and an Oyster Card reserved just for Olympic participants. We all felt pretty special.
I will post pictures of the Amazing Awesome Oslo Flat tomorrow. Because I was there today.
What do you do when you have hurt someone and cant change things?
So yeah running, and really exercise in general, can be pretty boring. If you are working out at a level that you are pushing yourself all the time it is hard to take that mental break during the activity and actually enjoy what you are doing. Making a change in the routine or stripping away the ability to constantly measure what is happening can really help keep one energized and excited about the whole thing.
In this respect, and despite McBride’s implication, the broader context of Murphy’s remarks was even more damning than the myriad factual inaccuracies taken alone. Beyond factually inaccurate descriptions of North Carolina legal procedures or some defense motions, each time in such a way to reinforce the ultimately-disbarred Mike Nifong’s position, Murphy’s serial fabrications tended to fall into one of three general categories:
The happy lil' goat
Fear: “an unpleasant feeling or anxiety or apprehension caused by the presence or anticipation of danger”
Did you not know about all the people who cared?
This puts them under his control and makes them dependent for more handouts in order to live a life that far exceeds the level of luxury of a normal politician.
Nor have I landed in a chortling heap
Bullying and harassment can make life miserable no matter how old or young you are. When another person deliberately and repeatedly tries to be hurtful or to cross boundaries, children, teens, and adults everywhere often feel frustrated and hopeless about the problem.
From our examples last Friday, Dr. Abortion and Ms. Right-to-Life clash over a lumpy good, human life. There is no compromise position here. Either you ban abortion and let the fetuses live or you prioritize a woman's right to choose. No middle ground.
“I’ve had a breakthrough! I’m so excited!” proclaimed a friend of mine who just began to pastor a congregation in Pennsylvania. He was referring to John, a young man with Down syndrome who attends church regularly with his parents.
(Yes, I was easily entertained.)
to lose but
I think I've pretty much declared every Sunday Ben and Jerry's ice cream day. So i'll pick one, eat it and post a review. This week i decided to try the s'mores one. It says it's a "chocolate ice cream with fudge chunks, toasted marshmallow & a graham cracker swirl". And for once, that's actually what it tasted like. There was a distinct marshmallow, graham cracker, and chocolate taste. The weird part was, some of the graham cracker swirls were liquid and some were almost like cookie dough. But that was the great part about it! I kind of wished there was more graham cracker cookie dough pieces but that also might have ruined it. When there was, it almost tasted salty. Not really salty but almost like a good, sweet kind of salty.
Maybe this head wants to be somewhere away from this demobilized body I suppose? Maybe this mind needs a divorce, a trial separation? My heart is starting to beat like a manic Indian drum!
Najib says ready to declare Jalan Sultan shoplots as heritage sites UPDATED @ 05:17:51 PM 22-03-2012 – by Shazwan Mustafa Kamal – March 22, 2012
What has been said here about the nature and history of Fascism is of course only a quick summary. For those who wish to explore the subject in greater depth, a useful recent resource would be a book by an expert on Italian Fascism: The Faces of Janus: Marxism and Fascism in the Twentieth Century, by A. James Gregor, whose earlier book has been referred to several times above. There are two good short reviews of it here and here. Gregor shows that Fascism and Nazism modelled their methods on Lenin and Stalin and that the Fascist idea of adding nationalism to socialism was later taken up by Stalin and Mao -- so that in the end Fascism and Communism were two very similar Leftist sects. So during the era of their big confrontation, Soviet Russia and Maoist China were therefore perfectly correct in accusing one-another of being Fascists! So the idea that Nazism and Fascism were Rightist is an old Soviet lie that Left-leaning intellectuals in the West have perpetuated in flagrant denial of historical reality.
Xanax.
And then this verse:
On Monday, British newspaper The Sun ran the headline “God is in control” in bold on the front page of both their print and online editions, quoting Muamba’s fiancé. The following day the London free paper Metro ran with “Your prayers are working“. That evening entire Sunderland and Blackburn teams displayed similar messages on t-shirts during their warm-up. Prayer and god was in the headlines in ways not usually seen in the UK.
White Christmas ... AMC ... 8 PM
By that logic, government could create full employment tomorrow by outlawing machines. Think of all the work there’d be to do then!
Stand Out Dream Sequence: Sarah Connor can only thinks about the dreaded Doomsday; the day when humanity is going to be blown to smithereens by a nuclear holocaust. It’s not easy living with the knowledge of the exact day in which humanity is going to be eradicated. Her nightmares are a thing of horror! One of her nightmares begins with children playing in a park on the out skirts of the city when suddenly, the sky lights up and a nuclear blast turns them into ashes! We see how the blast burns Sarahs flesh clean off and turns her into a skeleton.
Van Cleef opened his mouth to continue, but was knocked down by a blow to the head. He crumpled out of site behind the parapet’s wall.
I have to honestly say that I wouldn't send poop to any of my penpals. Possibly my husband, but that's because he has a twisted sense of humour and would understand it as a gag.
In our fight
For nearly 25 years, researchers from the University of Michigan have followed the lifestyle habits of a group of 3,000 Generation X adults — men and women born between the years 1961 and 1981. The data collected as part of the Longitudinal Study of American Youth found that Generation X adults spend more time shopping and cooking food, watching cooking shows on TV and talking to their friends about food or cooking. On average, Generation X young adults cooked roughly 42 meals per month and went grocery shopping roughly 6 times per month.
My friend who sees joy within me knows that I have messed up, sometimes pretty badly, but also knows that Christ's grace is more powerful than any of my sins. If I go around feeling guilty when I have already been forgiven, then I am listening to Satan, the accuser, rather than Christ, our advocate. I do not always feel joyful but when this is the case, it is perhaps a reminder that I need to change in some way. When I do change, then the joy is greater than it was before.
Nancy Stewart is the bestselling and award winning author of the four Bella and Britt Series books for children. Her newest book, Katrina and Winter: Partners in Courage, is the biography of Katrina Simpkins with Winter, the dolphin. All are published by Guardian Angel Publishing. She is a frequent speaker and presenter at writing conferences throughout the United States. A blogger with a worldwide audience, she writes of all things pertaining to writing for children.
Look for fecal pellets and the shed skins of the larva. Also look for holes in fabrics. Carpet beetles tend to feed in dark, secluded areas such as closets, drawers, basements, in between walls and insulation, attics and storage boxes. You may want to check under carpets and rugs, pick up couches and large pieces of furniture and inspect those thoroughly as well. If you’ve seen one of the carpet beetles shown above, search your home up and down until you find the source of the infestation.
She had a certain radiance that captured the winkie prince Fiyero's heart, which the pretty Glinda herself couldn't.
- Friday, June 22nd: Los Angeles, CA
I’ve now worked 52 hours this week, slept about 25 (that is NOT nearly enough), I had to take the cat to the vet early one morning, worked out zero times, and am just exhausted.
Although Kylie and Scather (and certainly AFGNCAAP, who loves nothing better than to go to town with red pen on a poorly written book) may not have that in common, it appears that Kylie and Scather do share something very important - a love and indeed respect for books. When asked for "the number one thing you can't stand to see people doing to books", Kylie was unable to restrict herself to just one, instead, providing Scather with "2 things kind of related". They are: "Breaking the spine of a book (bending it so it stays open easier)" and "folding the cover on a paperback so that it sits against the back cover." "Does that make sense?" Kylie asked. Fear not, Kylie, it certainly does. These two book-atrocities* actually made it to spots #7 and #8 on my top 10 things I can't stand people doing to books list.
Distraction is the perfect summer coral shade. It applies quite smoothly and is nicely opaque after 2 coats.
Hiked to the 7-11 with one of my workshop mates, Tonya, and picked up some wine and crackers. The walk to and fro was all it took to rub some SERIOUSLY massive blisters on my heels. They are sort of killing me. Had a bit of wine before and after dinner, then went to tonight's faculty readings. Not bad, but not nearly as terrific as last night's--just a totally different kind of energy. Tomorrow night's lineup is seriously fantastic, however.
I suppose Mississippi acts as my power word. Maybe if you’re running you could try repeating a power word, or any mantra, to yourself to hush that voice of insecurity lurking in the back of all our minds.
6)Reciting the first page of surah Al-Ghafir
Having cellulite or belly fat doesn’t make you less of a person. Now, more than ever, I believe that. I know when you look in that mirror, there will be times all you could see are the areas that could use a little liposuction or botox.
In Sicily, “Pane di San Giuseppe”, rich sweet breads are centerpieces for the feast. A symbolic dish of uncooked fava beans is set on tables to represent the legendary famine’s only available food.
Classic Film / New Blu
7 rue des Abbesses
Denita Stevens, 35, is rape survivor, volunteer firefighter, a member of the Lake Whitney Rescue Association and of the Waco P.D.'s Citizen Police Academy Alumni Association, and a former CASA (Court-Appointed Special Advocate) for foster children, who writes in her spare time.
I love yellow and how it makes me feel when I see it :) I love it so much that four rooms of the eight rooms in my house are yellow ;) It's my feel good go-to color so I had to use it in this challenge :)
-artistic
branches represent your body. If you are like a tree planted by rivers
Have it hot.
It did not take long to see that I needed to call my hubby and share the beauty of the golf course with him.
3 raised
- Annual penalties on individuals who do not have health insurance (up to a maximum of $695/person)
"Lie on your side and stop bloody snoring."
It all starts in childhood.
Over 25,000 transgender American citizens may face stiff barriers to voting in the November 2012 election, according to the report “The Potential Impact of Voter Identification Laws on Transgender Voters,” released last week by the Williams Institute at UCLA’s law school. This is, by any measure, the portion of the electorate that is among the most marginalized and stigmatized, and hence probably most in need of the right to have a say in who governs their lives. But discussions on both sides of voter ID laws tend to leave out transgender citizens in discussions about who would be most adversely impacted.
But wait a minute! What about as shit? It has complications of its own. I said above that it has been completely grammaticalized into an intensifier, but I lied. It still has some of its original meaning–not in the shit part, but in the part that compares some property of the modified noun with that of shit. Sure, to be dumb as shit means to be really dumb, but if we’re talking even dumber than that, we don’t just say *dumber as shit; it has to be dumber than shit.
Nervous, me?
Meghan (4 years 9 months): Spotting two large, antlered Whitetail deer standing along the Grant’s Farm fence, Abuela slowed and then stopped the car to allow Meghan to get a better look. For a full minute or two the deer absolutely did not move or even twitch. Finally, Meghan said, “They’re fakes. Let’s go.” (#496)
I rescheduled an EMG from last Wednesday to today. When we (meaning me and the phone girl on the other end at the Doctor’s office) agreed to “next Friday at 8 am.” She never said the date. I am not superstitious in any way, but still… well it was creepy.
See ya tomorrow for the Aurifil winner... i'm off for a Yam night!!
Literally, not even 1 minute later
a few sprigs of fresh thyme
Put the sugarcube on a paper napkin or bit of kitchen roll before dropping the Bitters onto it - I find that if you lob the sugar in the glass first, it's all too easy to end up with a great, overpowering lug of Angostura. Drop it into a champagne flute and add 2 teaspoons of Remy Martin and one of Grand Marnier. Top up with Laurent Perrier (Claridges house champagne), and then pare a slice of orange peel over the glass so the oil adds a tiny hint of citrus.
Twice I came upon eastern cottontails that shot off into the brush when they saw me....so I knew I was pretty well downwind of everything to my north with that breeze coming in. Finally, I reached the edge of the woodland and the beginning of the old field/meadow in the northern portion of the site. The breeze was a bit stronger here, as I made my way down the small incline along the trail and through the grass below. I always try to keep my eyes open for turkeys, red-tailed hawks, etc. when I'm out in the open there, but saw none of the usual suspects.
So, since my last rant, 16 days have past (bad blogger!), and that makes 24 days since I started my quest to lose the muffin top.
How do you deal with a secret?
terrorist like Bill Ayers would have lasted a single day. But because
Adult men should have their weight and blood pressure checked regularly. Men age 35 and older should have their cholesterol levels checked regularly. Beginning at age 50 and continuing until age 75, men should be tested for colorectal cancer. Certain people may need to continue being tested for colorectal cancer until age 85. If your doctor orders this test, it does not mean he or she thinks you have cancer. This is a routine test that everyone should have. Your doctor will also make sure you have all the shots you need.
Jimmy Köppen, Free University of Brussels
That is why the prayer form that Jesus taught His disciples (cf., Matt.6:7-13) begins with the acknowledgement that God is “Our Father” and that we, as His Children, are totally dependent on Him and His Glory and power. A recognition that, although His Name, that is His Character and Person, is Holy and beyond the reach of any human rapprochement, He, through His Son, has breached the gap of holiness that separated us, so that we enter into a full and true relationship with him through His Son!
When it comes to gaming, the Nvidia Tegra 2 has no trouble keeping animations and gameplay on simple games like Angry Birds and Draw Something smooth and accessible.
would probably say that it is to leave no space untouched.
You may or may not know what I am about to say, but I have this weird interest in the paranormal. Scary movies? Love them. Based on a true story, you say? Even better! One of my favorite television shows is Fact or Faked: Paranormal Files on SyFy. New episodes are returning next month and I am anxiously awaiting the first new episode on April 17th :)
Without light the world around us does not make much sense. The Bible tells us in 1John 1:5, God is light, and in him is no darkness at all. And what physical light is to our physical eyes, that it allows us to understand the world around us and make our way in the world, so is God to our spiritual eyes.
Arnold Adoff, Jaime Adoff, Kathi Appelt, Jeannine Atkins, Jen Bryant, Margarita Engle, Betsy Franco, Helen Frost, Lorie Ann Grover, David L. Harrison, Stephanie Hemphill, Sara Holbrook, Lee Bennett Hopkins, Paul B. Janeczko, Michele Krueger, Julie Larios, JonArno Lawson, J. Patrick Lewis, Kimberly Marcus, Heidi Mordhorst, Naomi Shihab Nye, Michael Salinger, Joyce Sidman, Marilyn Singer, Sonya Sones, Charles Waters, April Halprin Wayland, Steven Withrow, Allan Wolf, Janet Wong, and Tracie Vaughn Zimmer. And photographs by Sylvia Vardell.
What does the rustic table/modern chairs combo look like? Well like this…
In 1923, he debuted as a single at the Alhambra. His act consisted of comic Jewish monologues (which were to be the mainstay of his reputation for the next fifteen years), a tap dance, and a trombone solo. The Jewish routine brought him great popularity, although less so among sensitive Jews. His character was a broad (and to many, offensive) stereotype. A photo of one of his characters tells it all: greasepaint van dyke and skull cap, accentuating his prominent proboscis and too-close-together eyes. He looks several notches more heinous than Shylock. But he was popular.
Helen loses it. She starts to bawl for that butterfly. Complete meltdown.
And now back to Nana,
“Stop!”
Sales on site Monday May 7th.
“And now, behold, the hand of the Lord is upon thee, and thou shalt be blind, not seeing the sun for a season. And immediately there fell on him a mist and a darkness; and he went about seeking some to lead him by the hand.”
I admit that I've been somewhat guilty of this one myself: The ZenHusband and I did Batgirl/Penguin one year (tight); Peter Pan/Cap'n Hook another year (sorta skimpy) and Pirate/Wench (cleavage-y) yet another year. (We're still planning to do a Red Riding Hood/Big Bad Wolf combo one year, too. But we're looking for just the right wolf costume.) So, yeah, I've worn costumes that were a leeettle bit on the risque side. But, I think, still within a certain level of decorum.
During the evenings, Bianca leaves the girls and walks down a forest path lit by lamps. Iris wonders where she goes, and follows her, discovering little other than Mademoiselle Eva getting an injection of some sort from a man. Up to here, the film's point of view has mostly stuck with Iris or people close to Iris, making it seem that she is the protagonist, but the focus begins to broaden, bringing in the perspectives and actions of other girls as well as the two teachers.
It entrenched his dictatorship for 20 years.
I would also ask yourself what is it about walking down the aisle you don’t like or want to avoid. If it’s the attention then skip the wedding and elope because as the bride (and groom) all eyes will be on you all night long.
There's tough guys, and then there's Charlie Bronson. Johnny Cochran fought the law and the law won, but Bronson has fought the law for three decades and it seems to be a bloody tie. All the bulls can do is keep him locked down - the minute he's free, he starts a ruckus. And it's a bleedin' true story! He wanted to be famous and he is, but the whys go unanswered.
With no wife, this answer should be obvious, but I understand these Peruvian womens’ round-about ways. They want to know exactly how many brothers, sisters, cousins, and nephews I have; my parents’ occupations without bringing up the sore subject of death, if indeed they are deceased; whether my grandparents have a respected last name; whether wedding bells are on the horizon after this ludicrous adventure. When it comes to family, bigger is better, and the details should support this hypothesis. Nothing brings them more sadness than hearing I only have only one older brother. Their cosmovision includes a house, shaking at the foundation with baby shrieks, toddlers grabbing at ankles, and a table full of fertile sons, daughters, and grandchildren eating hefty potato portions to energize their collective procreational purpose of expanding the family name. They suggest I have many little cyclists when the time is right.
#76. coconut water
A shrill scream echoed in the morgue as she saw a naked man lying next to her in dark cold vault like room.
I also mentioned to her that within the last few weeks I’ve been noticing my heart racing / beating hard / palipatating while at rest / etc… So, she wanted me to call my PCP and see if they could fit me for a holter monitor or refer me to a cardiologist who could. Apparently it’s common to have a heart murmur develop when pregnant – due to the 50% increased blood flow, it makes what may have been the slightest murmur that otherwise wouldn’t have been detected show up.
It's just her and I
Letting her power
For example, if we are in the education business, what are the cultural symbols associated with education in a specific culture? If this is in India, we look at certain age old symbols that go hand in hand with education.
For those of you that live in our great state of Delaware, you know that spring time in our state is not just a time for planting, it is also a time for the dozens of festivals that are held across the state. April and May are filled with great events stretching all the way from Wilmington down to Dewey Beach. It is a time of celebration prior to summer stretching our its arms and embracing us with that beach going weather.
No matter the case though, time permitted,
Here are a couple of the more interesting cards:
Los Angeles, California – The DEA last week announced that two former and two current Transportation Security Administration (TSA) screeners at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) have been arrested on federal narcotics trafficking and bribery charges for allegedly taking cash payments to allow large shipments of cocaine, methamphetamine and marijuana to pass through the X-ray machines at TSA security checkpoints.
The few short days you have been gone feel like weeks. You are missed so so much Dave. You were and always will be greatly loved.
Paloma Faith
35"x52"
Jim came and picked me up and it was such an incredible feeling to feel the sunshine on my face and the wind in my hair. I admit that I totally teared up when we pulled up to my apartment building and don't even get me started on my reunion with the puppies. It was wonderful and I am SO HAPPY to be back home.
It offered more or less the same findings contained in reports of preceding years , which is bizzarre overpricing, negligence, incompetency and officious arrogance.
At the institution of Communion by our Lord, nothing is said of the frequency with which it was to be observed. Had nothing more been said or written, every congregation of believers would have been left to its own judgment as to the frequency of its observance. Most Christians claim to be silent where the Bible is silent and speak where it speaks. The Holy Spirit is not silent on this matter of when or how often. He did guide the apostles, and what they canonized in Scripture is our example to follow. That example is the first day of the week and nothing is said of any other day, only on “the first day of the week.” (Acts20:7)
Thanks, Steve. And Mark. I'm deeply grateful to both of you. And that's not just the Nyquil talking.
You want sparkling floors, and hospital corners????
We have been using Ambleside Online for a few years now. I love the whole concept, but little by little we have been whittling away at the AO books. We first eliminated the religious stuff. Then a few books that were just dreadfully boring. Now we're paring back even more due to W's glazed-over look when we read them. Soon we'll have hardly anything left.
Dream 1
And just like that another school year is over.
Throughout this day take the moments of waiting
Ce matin nous avons découvert le (la) coupable....
That's it above my king-sized bed. The painting is 6 feet x 4 feet. It's like Chickdeezilla, really.
Peter Craig Alderman, 25, New York, N.Y.
we thank you for yourself
Consider the following: how likely are Japan or Germany to attack us now?
What an interesting pattern, huh? Kade demonstrates less enthusiasm that I would wish for something that excites me, and Kai demonstrates more enthusiasm than I would wish for something that repels me. It made for a lovely little self-pity "where did I go wrong and what about me" party last night as I struggled to get to sleep. But the reality hit me square between the eyes, both in a conversation with Ginger and in finding the time to relax enough to think about it rationally. Ginger said it best: "So what, would you rather have them do everything you want them to do, and then wake up miserable some day in the future, with no tools to help them deal with it? They need to experiment and experience and develop those tools for themselves."
Today is a new day... I whipped out 5 Halloween cards and hopping around the various sites checking out everyones creations... so fun.. Here is a recent card I made
“That’s not what I mean. I mean gay, as in homosexual, a lover of men, not women.”
*This recipe makes a good amount of barbecue. We had plenty for dinner, then I put a pound in the fridge to eat as leftovers and I froze about 3 pounds in two packages for later. It freezes well!
The most likely scenario in my view is that the upstart right-wing parties, inevitably characterised as “far right”, eventually take over from the current right-wing parties of the establishment, becoming the new dominant party of the right, or the two merge together with the new party stiffening the backbone of the old.
Mayall: It’s our stock and trade. There’s other ways of doing things, I thought the nutcrackers was really masterpiece, but also the pencil up the arse isn’t bad.
So I stood my 5'5 1/2 frame and tried to shove the ticket and the coins into the top semi slot. "%$#@ I can't reach it!" I had a choice.
And here is Phil and I at the annual Bridge School Benefit! I love this concert and don't know why we don't try and go every year. I used a sketch from my good friend Heather who keeps coming up with the most amazing design ideas. Lots of older Basic Grey papers and a few Prima embellishments.
I allowed Poppy's death to become a crutch for me to feel sorry for myself - to withdraw from some of my friends, and then mope around and feel even more pathetic/sad/sorry for myself -- and that is the exact opposite of what he would want for me. That realization didn't all of a sudden make everything better, but it gave me strength, gave me motivation, and helped open me up to look for the positives.
Despite Borris Johnson being reelected for Mayor of London, Labour dominated the entire day of voting and even had Ed Milliband saying “Labour are back.” But will this quick fix of confidence last for the next 2 years? And will the Labour voters stay loyal? Only time will tell.
Then there is the printed Preen ones, I could not even dream of having a digital print placed so beautifully on a leather shoe without looking the tiniest bit tacky. Not exactly a shoe you would expect to see on the high-street but then again none of these really are. These have been going ME ME ME lately when I’ve been deciding shoes for my all white outfits. I listen and obey, you should know by now that my shoes are my best friends.
It was May 1 yesterday, so shops and museums were unfortunately closed.
Two Hearts on the top: Love Struck Cricut Cartridge
Row 5: Sc dec over first two sc. Sc next 6 sc. Sc dec over last two sc. Ch 1, turn.
Police arrested 144 people, including 54 women who were staying in four of the bungalows. They were from Taiwan and China.
Mare51089: but that's good... i think....
- Versatile seat angles add comfort for different age babies, from infants to toddlers!
We could be having different questions on these things against God. All these things in different situations could give us bitterness, shame, guilt, loneliness, insecurity, constant anger, fear, rebellions, lack of passion and lack of joy, trying to please men or even God, wanting people’s attention, being harsh, depression, feeling inferior when not measured up, feeling superior when measured up to the world, viewing God as an impersonal God, not able to relate to God easily, not able to feel the presence of God, needs of performances before God either by the need to praying loudly, need to raise hands because of performance, cannot imagine God as God is really near and is always with us, viewing God as harsh and punisher, viewing God as far away God, viewing God as if He didn’t give attention to us because of viewing one self so small or being hurt in life in some ways, viewing God as if He is far away somewhere, no really concern about our lives, viewing God as an angry frustrated God, viewing God as if He never expresses His affections, love and emotions upon His children each one of us constantly, all these things might have happen to our lives and the way we even judge God, we actually are judging God as well, needing his forgiveness.
- Heat up wok. Add 1 table spoon of vegetable oil and 1 teaspoon of sesame oil
1 week
Notia rallied too quickly, though. "What the hell do you think you're playing at, Pevan? You had no right to strand me here!"
I came back feeling relaxed in a way that I haven't in a long time. Of course, I also came back to the realization that Quilt Market is 3 weeks away, and I'm nowhere close to ready, so I'm trying to hold on to a little shred of that relaxation while I get caught up and start sample sewing like a madwoman!
The universe is changed.
Mitt Romney says he wants to build a fence on the entire border and make E-Verify a national law. His adviser is none other than Kris Kobach, the man who wrote most of the state-level bills that crack down on illegal immigration. In fact, the issue has cropped up again and again in the Republican primary, even though border apprehensions are down to 1970s levels, as the number of Border Patrol agents on the ground has doubled since 2004. America’s faltering economy is also credited with the drop in attempted illegal crossings.
One reason this entry is barely coming out now is because I’ve been scouring the net for photo galleries of the event, and it takes time for photographers to upload. It’s hard to catch every cosplay in person at a big con, so I rely on the internet and generous folks to fill in the gaps. I put a lot of thought into this list. My judging rubric is as follows:
“It’s a circle. A mean cycle.” – Paramore
Matt Belisle - 2.7 WAR = 1 point
When I last left you, I was sitting in the conference room at my new office and listening to the head honcho guy (HHG) tell me that my new position had just been eliminated. Before I get into what happened next, here's an outfit and a few words about that outfit.
Products used on this card
First up Roscoe's is having their monthly Beer Summit today April 29th, beginning a 4 pm. This month will feature 14 different Oregon made Belgian-Style beers. Some of the breweries featured will be: Oakshire Brewing (Frederic's Lost Arm), Hopworks Urban Brewery (Muscles from Brussels), Boneyard Brewing (Whitshack Wit), Upright Brewing (Rose City Seven), Laurelwood Brewing,
I'm going to share a truth with you. If it makes you uncomfortable, upset, or defensive, take a moment to ask yourself "What am I afraid of?"
I could've handled my break-up with the jewel-eyed girl better. Even shortly after the fact, I realized that, but I was much younger and not nearly as clever as I solopsticly gave myself credit for. The first time I saw her in a vampire den, Madam Lung took me aside and implored me to not sleep with her.
In the back of my mind, I keep thinking that the first 5K I ever ran is one that I want to run again this year. And I'd love to run it better than the first time and better than the second time.
After 20 reviews we feel we need to be upfront with you: we are caucasian. Shocking, we know. We come from a cultures with largely unoriginal, bland, undistinguishable culinary backgrounds that lay claim to tater tots, hot dogs and grilled cheese sandwiches (all delicious in their own right, BTW). With that said, we need to level with you on another thing: we love eating non-caucasian food, especially Asian food. This is how we ended up at Korean Tofu House with empty bellies, wide eyes and a craving for ordering off a menu with pictures of each dish.
So here we are, at the business end of the season with the majority of clubs having just 8 games left to play. This will be make or break for a few clubs, especially those at the foot of the table.
You turned and said “What the hell?”
I think that bowel detoxification is also key when treating acne and I ask about this to all of my acne clients. This must be paired with a proper diet - but again, diet must be tailored to the cause of the acne, and different people with different acne types with have different food recommendations (based on Ayurveda).
I knew that she would be coming home with me
The Antique Trove in Roseville, California is a large collective of antique dealers which is housed in a building of over 45,000 square feet. Can you imagine how much time I could spend wandering through these isles?
Continuing on the random city posts (I swear, I'll get back to normal topics once I've pulled my brain out of Draft 2!), I'd like to introduce you to a wonderful thing: a food-map of the London Underground. Every station has been changed into a sort-of similar sounding food... brilliant. (Click to link below to enlarge.)
Synopsis: Athletic Jamie isn't sure about spending the summer in the city with her romance–novel–writing mum. But when she meets irresistible Josh, Jamie realizes she could probably use all the romance advice she can get!
Blessed Holy Spirit! I thank You for granting me utterance as I spend quality time praying in other tongues, speaking forth mysteries and unleashing divine energy. I declare that supernatural promotions and the greater blessings of the Spirit are manifested in my life, as I effectively harness the wonderful benefits of praying in other tongues consistently, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
I think between the 4 cameras that came along on the trip, we took probably close to 1000 pictures. We rented a wagon from the zoo people and hauled around our cooler full of pops, waters and frozen sandwiches for a picnic. Sometimes if someone got tired of walking, they got to sit on top of the cooler as we went along.
Press TV in Tehran contacted me today for a phone interview on the Treyvon Martin case.
He looked at me and said, “There seem to be two other signers on this account?” We affirmed that the business had two other owners. He proceeded to ask if we had any paperwork to show that I was indeed one of the new owners. I said I did not. He then asked if we could have the other two signers present to authorize this. One is in Seattle and the other in California; so naturally we said that this would not be possible now or in the near future. He started to mumble and begin stating the bank’s policy clearly being dictated by his computer screen; and I started to see red.
Of course, some tiny fascist groups that claimed their inspiration from Islam did emerge. But there have been just as well fascist movements claiming inspiration from the West and from Christ the King. That never prevented a single Islamophobic intellectual from bragging endlessly about our superior "western" identity, nor from sticking our admirable "Christian roots" inside the worship of secularism. Marine Le Pen, who became one of the most committed practitioners of this cult, finally exposes the political wood that warms the altar of this secularism.
Bong is such a cute name, don’t you agree?
1 1/2 Tablespoon cinnamon
10) Wal-Mart.com USA, LLC
The rest of the first chapter contains additional flourishes, including some outstanding sound design and lighting effects, a couple predictable but effective "thing goes bump in the dark" scares, and a few nifty claustrophobic tunnel-crawling sequences. There's also some fun environmental storytelling to come across, like the interrogation video of another prisoner or the Marker made out of toothpicks in the arts & crafts room. The jury's still out for me on the newly-speech-capable Isaac—mostly because the things he's said so far are pretty generically action-movie dopey—but I am intrigued to see what happens with the "dementia" mechanic, if managing Isaac's growing insanity will become an Amnesia-like challenge.
“What will you be wearing today?” Elise asked her daughter.
Other elements are by Rucola Designs, Just Something I made, Ellie Lash, Finecrafted DesignsSkeletal Mess,and Kim Klassen.
Add cake flour to batter, alternating with sour cream. Once combined, stop mixer. Add in cup of boiling water and stir by hand to combine. Fill cupcake liners 3/4 way full and bake at 350 degrees for about 20 minutes. Cupcakes are done when they spring back to the touch. Set aside to cool.
28 Feb 2012: Shops and buildings in Boutilimit destroyed by a gas canister explosion and fire, and continued to burn for several hours, while waiting for a fire truck from Nouakchott, which broke down en route.
His passion for starting TYSA comes from the struggles he had trying to gain access to education while growing up. He learned from his father at an early age that education unlocked opportunities, and wants the same for the youth in his home community. After his first year of high school, he approached the local priest teaching there to let him know that he would probably not be attending next year for lack of money. His father had a choice of selling off some of their land to pay for his school, or having him drop out. Eventually Gichuki was able to arrange a compromise – a lease of the family’s land to pay for his high school. As the 6th of 9 kids, few families would have prioritized education this way. But on account of his families financial efforts, Gichuki was able to find other scholarships and continue through university. All this is backstory to why Gichuki is able to manage so many local programs in a flexible and effective way.
I know I've been absent from the blogsphere for a little bit and my apologies if you've missed me. I was busy with last minute wedding preparations and then my honeymoon (we just got back on Tuesday) and I haven't been feeling too well since we got back.
I'm a thinker by nature, and a brain-dumper by nature as well, and I cannot tell you how many "blog posts" I write in my head throughout the weeks.... But can't manage to sit down and finish them... actually WRITE them.
Chin issued an indirect warning to the dissenting elected representatives who have been absent from CWC meetings since December last year. The group had boycotted the triennial delegates’ conference which they alleged was conducted with irregularities.
While the milk is heating, separate the eggs and place the yolks into a large measuring cup. Whisk them slightly.
90% of the brides I talk to say they wish they had hired a wedding planner sooner. Couples can save alot of money and countless hours of research by hiring an experienced planner to guide them every step of the way.
And now...on to our next challenge. Well, it wouldn't be spring if we didn't have an Easter Challenge. So put on your thinking caps, get out your pastel papers and easter bunnies because it's time to start working on your Easter Project! In the meantime, the design team cooked up a little inspiration for you. Please visit their individual blogs for more details on products and techniques used. We hope you enjoy!
I can't drink much when I play - you wouldn't want to hear the results. But during my second break, when there was only about 35 minutes left to play, I did sneak into the tasting room.
Then walk away and say,
Anyway, I've got a date with my kids, and they generally don't care if I look like a scarecrow or a ragamuffin. My husband's usually asleep, so I have no one to impress as we head out on the street with our parade of bikes and a red wagon in which my youngest sits with his stuffed tiger like a little prince. We're out to be outside, a place too little explored by human beings nowadays, out to get our exercise at the possible expense of our neighbor's sleep as the wagon rattles over each seam in the sidewalk.
Well guess what, Gram: I’m a sweater. Not the variety sporting gaudy patterns that you wear on holidays, but the kind small children follow around because they love to splash in the trail of puddles that undoubtedly would appear beneath me in these aforementioned steamy locales.
Vintage Remix is my favorite since it is purple. I had a lot of fun playing with this and I think it's the most versatile of the collection.
Also, Cusack portrayed an accurate depiction of Poe (in my eyes–based on what I have read about Poe’s life). The movie allowed me to view Poe in a different light. After you read about his biography, you think he is a bit disturbed and crazy. I mean, who wouldn’t? It’s Poe! After viewing “The Raven” I sorta had a new found respect for Poe. I empathized with him on a whole new level and saw a romantic side of him that I was unable to see before.
Drop by and visit my co-host Andrea! I think you'll love her as much as I do. If you haven't seen the vlog her husband did - you NEED to watch it. It is sooo funny!
3. then i mixed the apples with maple syrup because i had no brown sugar, but a lot of maple syrup brought from Canada. (?) also mix in flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, lemon zest and juice, vanilla, and sugar. toss it all together with a spoon.
I have been in love with this patterned fabric for ages, but thought that it might be a little much for the entire front of my pillow cover. So, I decided to go with stripes on the front and then a solid green square for the reverse side. There was no complicated math involved here. I simply decided how many stripes I wanted, adjusted for the 1/4″ seam on each side, and sliced up the fabric. All you need is the calculator app on your phone for these calculations. Promise.
Mandeep Kumar’s directorial debut in Bollywood TERE NAAL LOVE HO GAYA (TNLHG) not only has its heart in the right place, but also has the right heart! Made on a low budget with most of the movie being shot in rural locales, the movie’s biggest plus point is that its makers have no pretensions or ambitions of this being a classic.
This holiday season was hugely successful for us. I can honestly say we were totally unprepared, and have learned the hard lessons to be better prepared next year. When Cyber Monday came with an abundance of orders, we realized we had more than we could handle to fulfill orders in time for Christmas. One month out, we could no longer promise Christmas delivery. That was a hard pill to swallow, but we never want to make promises we can’t keep. We aren’t a Best Buy or a Macy’s where we can afford to take your order and then send an email two weeks later saying “sorry, can’t fulfill your order.” We are small and every promise counts. We hope those of you that had wanted to order with us, but were unable to because of our Christmas cutoff, will come back for future gift purchases.
But of course, now the Russians have bought him off and let him run Chechnya as his own personal fiefdom, it's all different. If he loves Russia so much, then why is he so eager to impose sharia law and medieval Islamic customs in Chechnya?
As you might imagine, my strongest advice to you as parents of young children is "Don't send your kids to school." Any school, public or private, can lead to the kind of damage we've seen in our kids. We thought trying school would be a harmless experiment, something we could change our minds about if needed, but we did lasting harm to our kids' curiosity and natural joy in learning.
To be visible, to be reachable, to be seen, to be contacted exhibitions are still the most direct way. No matter if it is B2B and/or B2C people still want to talk to you, touch your hand and have the feeling only they get the best deal. Catching these emotions gives you and your client a special relationship. No platform can replace eye contact.
I was looking around on Facebook and found this quote and I had to share.
Mississippi was represented on the fields of Gettysburg by infantry brigades of Davis of Heth's division, Hill's corps, consisting of the Second, Eleventh, and Forty-second Mississippi regiments ad the Fifty-fifth North Carolina regiment, which was temporarily assigned to it; Barksdale's brigade of McLaw's division, Longstreet's corps, consisting of the Thirteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth and Twenty-first regiments; Posey's brigade of Anderson's division, Hill's corps, consisting of the Twelfth, Sixteenth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-first regiments; Ward's Mississippi battery (the Madison Light Artillery) of Poague's battalion, which was attached to Pender's division.
1/2 pound butter, softened
The Pelican Pub & Brewery opened in May of 1996. From the start Pelican's brewmaster, Darron Welch's goal was to create beers that were stylistically distinctive from anything else around.
I went out to get her and she was hot, sweaty and blowing. The horses have been kept in their pens because of the huge amount of snow we got in 2 different storms. Pretty much everything is, or was, muddy, slick and icy. We didn't need the horses out running like wild jungle animals, slipping and injuring themselves or tearing up the pasture.
I was driving the kids to school the other day, and we passed by a car that was pulled over by a couple police officers. My daughter said that the police were helping the person whose car was broken or out of gas. I went ahead and told her that they had actually stopped the car because the person in the car had done something they shouldn't have.
Friday, April 6: Over the past five years, my life has taken a detour on a journey I never anticipated. I’ve taken countless mini-journeys in the larger journey that is my overall life, traveling all over the world, especially in the Middle East and Asia. In this journey, I’ve learned much about myself, both positive and negative. I’ve experienced amazing and disturbing things. I’ve been shocked and awed, I’ve felt peace and unease.
was 33 years old. From the book, EMPHATICALLY
Here’s Standford University’s Policy & Guidelines about HIPAA PHI and trash bins.
Find examples and inspiration. Street style sites, fashion blogs, fashion magazines, phtography books, and diy sites and books are all great places for inspiration. I really like Wardrobe Remix, street style blogs, and fashion blogs from around the world for inspiration. I also love looking at costumes and antigue clothing. Etsy, craftster.org, and Threadbanger are places where crafty people gather and share (or sell) and thus are rich beds of inspiration. Stores, the runways, and art can all inspire you and help you know what you want to do.
Diphtheria Therapeutics under Investigation by Universities/Institutes 13
I also find that I do better when eating every few hours to help maintain my energy level and weight. I try to get protein in every little meal, but it’s hard to do when you are stuck and all you can think of is peanut butter and cheese as protein sources. Yes, there’s a whole world out there of protein sources, like a hard-boiled egg, hummus, yogurt, etc. But I also need something to go with it.
I've also been very carefully tracking my intake of various nutrients, carbs and calories, to figure out how to bring my weight down a bit, while keeping up optimum levels of protein and whatnots and cutting out the really damaging stuff, grains and sugar that play havok with my blood sugar. So heavy on the green veg, meat, fish, chicken, cheese, plain yogurt, slightly less fruit... more or less the way I've been eating all my life, but without the sugar. At the moment, I'm not worried too much about fats.
JUSTIN: In Basket Case 2 and Basket Case 3, your face is featured in the Belial character. Was that a difficult process to undergo?
One of the many luxuries that more people are experiencing in their homes is the addition of an electric towel warmer. Learn more about the benefits of adding an electric towel warmer to your home.
After a dinner of burgers and fries, Mackenzie stands up, holding Miguel. “It’s been fun, but someone I know needs to get to bed.” Dom pushes away from the table, but she puts her hand on his shoulder. “You stay here with everyone. It’s important that you spend time like this with your Guardians that doesn’t involve killing Darkbloods.”
I will never complain about any job that I have held or any future cubicle-dwelling employment I will have the pleasure of attending.
When a man has to choose over or under, as in belt and navel - Gary.
But, if you know Europe, February is about as unromantic a month as can exist, so Paris is going to be cold and grey, judging by the forecast, with chance of snow. (Though, it sure won't be colder than here, that I know.) We are flying into Charles de Gaulle, the armpit of the universe, so I don't have much hope of a nice travel experience. Every time I have gone through that airport I have ended up pissed off, confused and sans luggage. I am hoping, however that it will be of short duration so that upon arrival and for the rest of the weekend I can:
yes, and that Abraham Lincoln was one of his biggest critics until he did basically the same thing, x 1000, about 15 years later. I don’t really know how I feel about Polk, either. Quite frankly, I don’t remember learning anything about him in history class. And really, we learned much more about other people in this chapter than about Polk, anyway! I wonder if American history books try to keep quiet about him
As before, I do wish it had been possible to engage you and/or Kathy earlier in the semester, when it did appear that (as your behavior suggests) there is actually a great deal of extracurricular content influencing the progress of matters. It appears that some preexisting hostility may have been the reason for your resistance to any such engagement from the outset; though where that hostility originated and why you are unwilling to take positive steps in response to it, I do not know.
Foott feels he is indebted to the club that he loves for the lessons, experiences, memories and friendships that it has given him. Foott says there is nothing that compares to pulling on the maroon and white jumper next to his teammates every week. His premiership as coach at the club was the ultimate achievement and was a way for him to thank the club and its members for being such a great part of his life. The archrivals in Tyntynder however will not allow it to come easily this year, or in years to come. Simon Bunyan is Tyntynder’s hard nut captain/coach, who moved to Swan Hill from Albury after developing his leadership skills in the high quality Ovens and Murray Football League. He has quickly become accustomed to the well-known rivalry and is surrounded by a good mix of club greats, gun recruits, and fast and enthusiastic youngsters.
I often think of this in terms of what my children do, first thing in the morning, and again right after school: Each one wakes up and makes their way downstairs to the kitchen, and although I’d like to report that the first words out of their mouths are “Good morning Daddy! I’m so happy to see you! I have a Morning Hug and Kiss for you!”…in actuality the first thing they say is “I’m hungry–what’s for breakfast?”
Breakfast was finished, and her mother would soon call from downstairs for help. Her cousins were coming to visit this evening, and there was a lot of work to do.
Jintan: You’re always trying to care about other people too much!
After spending a blissful day at Bidford-on-Avon last week in glorious sunshine, it would have been nice to have experienced something similar, but fat chance of that though with the UK having a bank holiday approaching.
While Ryan was waiting for a spot in the addiction program, in May 2010, he died of a drug overdose. It was listed as an accidental death, but family and friends are convinced it was suicide.
TEACHING NEED NOT BE A CHORE
Gina Bloom — Associate Professor and Director of Graduate Studies, English, Co-Director of the Mellon Research Initiative in Early Modern Studies
Still - you should have a look at the previous entry to see the watch photograph that we mention on this episode.
Sadly, I just found that Michael Cox died in March of 2009. It is a shame that we will not have any new material from him. But, thank goodness he finished these two books. I think The Meaning of Night was a fufillment of a life long dream. When he found out that he was ill, he decided to to write the book he had always wantd to write.
Jake Waldron's creatures....
They are waiting to take us into
Granger’s playing of that first scene on the train is a marvel. Walker leans in, his words pleasant and flattering, as the lines of his mouth and the glitter in his eyes imply all sorts of interest in the good-looking man across the table. Granger keeps his legs crossed and his body closed off. Guy's responses to Bruno's come-ons have the polite perfunctory quality he might use for a bore droning on about Eisenhower’s budget proposals, but the intensity of Granger's eye contact with Walker suggests a response that Guy may not even be admitting to himself. Later, confronted with incontrovertible proof that Bruno meant it all, Guy's disbelief seems ever more hollow.
I have a compressed nerve in my left arm that is causing the index finger on that hand to tingle and periodically go numb.
Yes, New Yorkers, David Lynch has an exhibit of his recent artwork on display at the Jack Tilton Gallery! It's a pretty good collection too, I think. For all the usual Lynchian darkness on display, these works are always grounded in something that feels emotionally real, for all their surrealistic flights of fancy. For me, that's the way Lynch's best films function: they're weird but rarely just for the sake of being weird; they express something definite, if not always easily describable. Anyway, this exhibit ranges from oil paintings to photographs to a 42-second video, encompassing a variety of different subjects and moods. It's worth checking out—and hey, it's free!
What first seems like a dense, tortured tale that would only appeal to gamers turns out to be an enjoyably accessible adventure with plenty of visual and dramatic appeal. I've already come across some more hardcore fan reviews comparing it unfavorably with this or that, or pointing out ways in which the animation, voice acting, etc. fall short of the norm, but as for me DRAGON AGE: DAWN OF THE SEEKER is just plain fun.
Lawcast 198: Catherine Bailey on Marketing The Bar
So those who say that the PSNI has a right to rummage through Boston College’s files for the names of the killers of Jean McConville must also justify the denial of that same right to Pat Finucane’s family to scour the files of MI5 and the RUC Special Branch for the names of those who colluded with his killers?
Why you may ask; what’s with being made into a masterpiece?
to my accredited opinion.
Sunday morning I was almost finished dressing and just had to do my hair when I walked out into the kitchen. I was so surprised to catch my son-in-law walking in the door loaded with bunches of flowers and candies. I think I gasped when he approached me and handed me a beautiful bouquet of 2 dozen roses in the most beautiful colors of orange and cream. He wished me a Happy Valentine's Day and said they were for me and I was caught off guard as I never expected such a lovely, thoughtful and generous gift.
Moving on from the up coming months, I’ve done something quite awful to my hand, making it a bit painful to write. My thumb, in particular, I’ve smashed with a sewing machine…I’ve always been told I fight with objects, but I never thought they’d fight back! It’s a bit bruised and swollen, so I’m writing slower than I care too but it will go away soon, I hope. What is your plans for October and so on? I’ve been itching to travel! I found my notebook with all of these stamps from different countries on it. It’s a travelers book, and I plan to fill it with all the places I’ve been by this time next year!
02 - Bounty Hunter 03:05
So let me see....obligation and image...hmmmmm
I have to apologize to all four of you who read this blog... I have been terribly neglectful, but I have to admit I am only a little bit sorry. A lot has happened since I last posted... new job for me, finishing up the remodel, the holidays, but most of all, a lot of time with the family. And that is why I'm not beating myself up too much. I had hoped this blog would help chronicle our lives, and I think a brief pause from the blog is telling of what has been going on with us.
2. The rain
So this recipe is probably more advanced to start with. Only because it isn’t a recipe you can knock out in one evening. But these beer pretzels where tasty and worth the wait. They taste awesome right out of the oven when they are still warm and soft. For this recipe we will start off making a sourdough starter. This is a mixture of warm water , honey, dry yeast and all-purpose flour. And because we all know yeast is a living thing you will have to “feed” your new pet. (Don’t worry it lives in the fridge and doesn’t make a mess!) Once you make the starter you can use it to make other breads as well. Lets get started!
Now heat the griddle on medium low and grease with butter. Now pour a small ladle full batter and place the sliced bananas on top of the pancake. Wait for a few seconds and flip the pancake and let it cook on the other side with the banana slices.
(e) The yeast plants are killed.
Nugent
“Yah, but he hated white people.”
The hoopla this week includes getting the house cleaned, packing, going with Rick to the desert because he wants to get hulls for his gun (don't even ask), going to Idaho early Tues. to see my mom, going to the doctor in Idaho for my yearly subscription renewal exam, getting hair dyed here Thurs., leaving Friday to go to LV for the twins' birthday celebrations.
My kids seem get more learning done and they seem to be ejoying the extra attention they get when I'm more available to them due to being less busy on the Internet discussing homeschooling.
A shipwreck on a deserted island, a pair of magic shoes, an encounter with Father Time and his twelve sons, the water of wisdom, a fierce dragon…all the elements of a classic hero tale unfold in this wondrous tale, and you won’t be surprised to learn that all’s well that end’s well. The lost half hour is found, but to learn how it’s used you’ll have to go to the source. And having gone there, you may be left with a rather obvious question.
MYLUNE: Ohhhh aren’t wyverns just that most wonderful, flappytastical creatures?!
Here we have a long sought-after LP from Germany. It contains the well-circulated track "Der Staat" and, not surprisingly, a few other gems. Unfortunately this isn't the best rip, but I tweaked it as well as I could... so it'll have to do for now. Other faves from this one would be "Où", "To Je Pravda", "Je Suis Seule", and "Masse Mensch". I've gotta run for now, have a nice Sunday, everyone. Enjoy!
But here’s the thing. Wherever qadr and choice lead us, we are bound to have some regrets.
life He wants for me. I'm sure that I tested His patience when I kept
My friend Jeffery got a bike for his sixth birthday. Soon afterward, he learned how to ride without his training wheels and became the coolest kid at school. Sometimes I went to Jeffery's house when my mom was at work. Jeffery never wanted to draw pictures with me or play tag. Instead, he would ride his bike really fast up and down his driveway and make motorcycle noises while I stood in front of his house and watched him.
Since a year has passed, I'm thinking about changing the look of my blog a bit. I would love to hear any feedback (negative or positive) about what you think would look good. Same goes for my posts - what were your favorites or least favorites from the last year or what other types of things would you like to see me write about? Other than that, I feel like it's been a pretty successful year, and I plan to make the next one even better! :)
I really had a great time making this mini album...
Now understand that nobody’s seen a Georgia player throw a punch or engage in consistently dirty play. And there hasn’t been a hand gun in sight (although we seem to have been overrun with scooters). Nope, the hand wringing and teeth gnashing are all about celebrating.
To all my much, much loved blog buddies out there, email me if you feel like it, and I want to say thank you, I love all of you, and if I am ever in your part of the world, or you mine, lets meet up and "do lunch".
Our Challenge this week is 'Out Like A Lamb': make a project using a gentle animal.....lamb, kitten, puppy etc....
Back at the Kit Kat Klub, the fight continues until Stiletta finally knocks down Bertha, grabs a huge knife and buries it in the middle of Bertha's back, killing her. Just then Jonah busts into the club and attempts to get Stiletta out of the ring, but he is beaten senseless by the club bouncers and tossed into a dumpster.
See by Chloé is the diffusion line of Chloé, the iconic French fashion house. Although the price points can be a little obscene at full retail, with patience and savvy you can score major deals through ebay, with stackable coupons on Bloomingdales.com, or by being a swift sale shopping at Saks, Neiman Marcus, Shopbop, or Outnet. Yoox also is another great spot to score past season pieces at more manageable prices, especially during their end of season clearance. And all of the above (save for ebay) have relatively favorable return policies too. I tend not to buy SbC from flash sale sites because so many of them only offer site credit if something doesn't fit. I don't like feeling limited in that way and frankly I don't find the SbC prices on Gilt, RueLaLa, Ideeli, etc. to be as low as other venues.
Good day all,
Just wishing I could do the job for you, sir. I'd give her a HA! And a HI-YA! And then a OUU-WA! And I'd kick her, sir.
Q: Normally I ask my fiction authors for a soundtrack for their book, songs they were listening to while they were writing. Since your book is a bit different, can you share with us 5 of your favorite songs about infidelity or healing from it or hell, maybe even about love and healthy relationships and tell us what you like about them?
I’ve created a short list of Travel Essentials every family must plan for.
again. Then I see a blink of
There is clearly something adrift with my camera and honestly, I have not shot all this in soft focus! The large dark dog-poop looking thing in the middle is two aubergines. The jar of garlic and ginger I can commend to the house - we use it in everything. Please don't look at the colour of the chili. Just let's say that the expiry date was in Roman numerals.
After years of fighting court battles and gag orders, Sibel Edmonds has finally published “Classified Woman” in which she tells the story our government has fought to keep secret.
As Noel Gallagher finished his surprisingly strong 90-minute set at the Warner Theatre on Wednesday, one oafish man began to boo loudly as the house lights went up.
Place a circular wire rack on top of the smoking ingredients
Selection none.
Turkey has never been one of my favorite proteins. I find the meat is often unremarkable and rather bland. I like things like pork and lamb and duck. Turkey sandwiches have never topped my list of favorites (although I have often favored them for health reasons). I like my meatballs and burgers made out of beef and my sausages made out of pork. (Does that sound slightly off color?)
Arya and Gendry continue to have the most compelling plot, going from peril to peril. Now they’re imprisoned in the ruins of Harrenhal, which looks appropriately huge and terrifying. The scenes of torture make you really worry about the fate of these two beloved characters in a show where plot armour is often shown to be asreliable as a shield made of rice pudding. We get to see Arya’s first nightly revenge-prayer, which is something I think that non-book readers will latch onto and really enjoy, especially as her kill list continues to grow.
We even tried hooking up the charger to the batteries and the display flashed.
Forgive me while I just murder someone.
There is an old saying: “When in a hole, stop digging”
SHANGHAI - Hundreds of people were injured yesterday when a subway train slammed into the rear of another train in a sprawling transit line that opened just last year. The accident cast new scrutiny on the safety record of China’s rapidly modernizing mass transit rail systems.
I had to spend New Years Day this year at the emergency room with my wife at Methodist Hospital in Park Slope. After about twelve hours they finally discharged her. On the way out we passed by the Chapel in the hospital. There’s a plaque on the wall outside the Chapel that’s dedicated to the memory of a little boy that initially survived that Jet crash. Only to die a day later of severe burns. They bronzed all the change the kid had in his pocket, and attached it to the plaque. His name was Stephen Baltz.
Unsurprisingly the main concern of our politicians is not the innate degenerative processes of authoritarian systems, but how to restore public FAITH in those systems… and, more importantly, how to restore FAITH in the mouthpieces of those systems.
The dupatta and burkha find mention in the novel, a controversial issue all over the world. The resentment of many young Muslim girls towards this piece of garment is brought out well especially when Mehnaz wonders about the acceptance of it by the house maid Aasia:
View from the dining room of the hotel. In the distance, on the side of the hill, you see an old coal mine. Coal mining used to be the main industry in Svalbard, now replaced by research and tourism.
*reads Lord Of The Rings*
While I was still teaching, I had many streams of income coming in from all different directions. This made my transition to staying-at-home much easier.
So You Think You Can Dance
Love is big.
As the sky turns
1/4 cup sour cream
We recommend that you start monitoring social media well in advance of any initial attempts to use it. Once you start listening, you may be surprised at what people are saying, both negative and positive.
In other news, it is time for Le Grande Book Club Nominations. Although I already have far too many ideas (I have a list of 7 possibles, limit per person is 2) I would like to humbly ask you to suggest others or give feedback on my choices so far. The list is:
We all gathered around the unconscious jobseeker and had photos
Councilmember Daniels-Cohen’s remarks were simple and brief: she had come to listen, and commended the discussion thus far as “incredibly interesting, and profound.”
Well, that simply wouldn’t do.
The idea is for British bloggers to read 12 titles by 12 British authors over 2011 and to review one of the books each month. I will be an International Friend what with not living in Blighty any more and I choose to take part in the Royal Family challenge (the other option was Winston Churchill and 6 books, but that doesn't strike me as much of a challenge). There is also a chance to earn a crown if you read 50 books, but where I think I can do 12 easily, I think I may have to resort to cheating to achieve 50 (e.g. picture books of the sort: Is that Bunny Blue Ears? NO! Is that Bunny Blue Ears? NO!)
