On the remote dusty plains of windswept North Texas, late in the year of our Lord 2011, there lived two tribes of Idiots.
...and 19 others.
11:45 am – 1 pm Lunch
*I never claimed to be a good photographer so please excuse the poor pics and poor lighting.
What were you doing 10 years ago?
Ciella- this was actually a combination of your lolo and lola's names Ciel from Graciel & La from Lai.
2. Support the European Financial Transaction Tax
I remember when I was taking my driver’s test. I missed one question on my written test. I remember the answer to this day. On the road test, I made one mistake. And I remember that mistake. I think, I’m a better driver because of those two mistakes I made.
Me: It’s my dads.
The knob was warm. So warm I recoiled.
R - Exactamundo!
YOU CAN DO IT... anything that you want... and feel GOOD doing it!
There in the midst of the absurdity of the office, love blossomed and bloomed. There in the midst of every sort of dysfunction and sin, a pure love became. There in the midst of every sort of suffering and turmoil and trial and misery and uncertainty, love reached out its hands and took hold of two hearts and bound them together as one. There in the midst of friendship, surrounded by idiots, suffering, pain, and the every day tedium of mindless work: two people found each other and love won. There in the midst of the 6 billion inhabitants of this planet, two people looked across their desks, their eyes met, and they saw the person they wanted to spend the rest of their lives with. There in the midst of the murkiness and drudgery that is life, love was revealed and exposed and confessed and announced and bound and consummated.
Sayid-"I didn't see the point of killing them when I had what I came for."
A few weeks ago I posted a small picture of my mother that I found---I had the picture enlarged and changed to a sepia tone and printed on canvas---I framed it in an antique walnut frame---I just love that ir has a paisley background. I think that she was about 17 in this photograph...she was the youngest of 11 and unfortunately died when she was only 38 of Hodgkins lymphoma---my youngest daughter Sarah has my mother's name, Pauline, as her middle name. Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there---enjoy your special day. I wish that I could be with my daughters on Sunday but I know that they will be thinking of me---or they better!!!! My daughter Chelsea will be going to see her Mother in Law on Sunday---fortunately for her they live closer than I do.
All good Horror has to have an Equivocal Ending -- the nature of the universe is such that Evil can not be conquered by Good, nor can Good ever permanently be separated from Evil. All happiness is "just for now" -- and Evil Will Rise Again. Virtue, Honor, Good Deeds, etc do not exempt anyone from being wontonly destroyed by Evil. Horror lurks in the basement of reality. You can't win.
She was beside herself with excitement!
How long have you been writing poetry? I first wrote poetry in tender teen years, then found it again when I returned to college as a “mature adult” eight years ago. I wish there had not been word-less years between, but such is life, and I’m immersed in poetry now.
Then she had to put the damn pictures on Facebook. Oban (at least from the pictures) turns out to be a beautiful little town. It has all the things that you would expect from a Scottish town in the Highlands, including a distillery (it is Scotland after all).
But the funniest thing happened. Instead of flying away as the car got closer, they attempted to out run it.
“I’m not pointing fingers.”
I have also had a chance to interview Shannen Camp and I hope you enjoy getting to know her better!
“It describes (Arminianism or Arminian theology) not so much a movement as an outlook on salvation (and other theological subjects) shared by people who differ on other matters…It… connotes that form of Protestant theology that rejects unconditional election (and especially unconditional reprobation), limited atonement, and irresistible grace because it affirms the character of God as compassionate, having universal love for the whole world and everyone in it, and extending grace-restored free will to accept or resist the grace of God, which leads to either eternal life or spiritual destruction. (Non liberal) Arminians do not deny total depravity (even if they prefer another term to denote human spiritual helplessness) or the absolute necessity of supernatural grace for even the first excercise of a good will toward God.”
Sure enough Elizabeth took a revenge on get back at Amy for the class going on a Spring field trip (not going to tell you what Elizabeth did to Amy) that makes Amy cannot go to the class field trip with her boyfriend Scott.
Serani - When It's Cold
But I don't give a lick of what others say,
4 – 7 p.m. Brooklyn Brewery, Sampling in the Beer Department
Scott also helped give Mitt Romney (R-MA) a boost.
But as I am a political anorak, and this blog is mainly read by political anoraks, I'll deal with the politics. She is portrayed as firm, resolute and courageous, which will piss lefties off. The miner's strike (which is along with unemployment, represents the sum total of her time in office according the the Labour view of history) is glossed over, as were the preparations (stockpiling coal, undersea cables to France etc...) which were not mentioned. The Falklands conflict gets a more thorough treatment. Her dismissal of the 'Haig Shuttle' was believable. The controversy over the sinking of the General Belgrano was avoided, by the rare cinematographic technique of being factually correct.
1 Samuel 11:1–15
Is there anyone else out there who thinks that the last thing we need to give these computers is access to our brains? No? Just me, then?
Even if a mistake is well and truly solely my own fault, I figure it's better not to call my partner's attention to it, if he might not have noticed, and better still just to stay in the moment rather than dwelling on something that, by the time I can even say "Sorry," is already past. Just move on, trying to do better for the rest of the dance. Such is the Zen of tango.
If we have problems with garbage dumped in parks now, once these bins are in play, that will steadily worsen.
Fine finishes in Pearson.
There are some other differences worth noting as well. Romney Care is solely a health insurance mandate requiring every citizen in Massachusetts to purchase a minimal required amount of health care insurance or pay a fine in order to receive some minimal coverage through the State. Obama Care does the same basic thing except it also places the burden on employers who meet the minimal number of employees to either provide insurance coverage which meets the Federal guidelines or pay fines on a per employee basis. Those not covered by employer provided health insurance are required to purchase their own coverage which meets the Federal requirements or pay a fine in order to be granted minimal allowed amount of coverage by the Federal Government. One interesting item I found, providing I understand the mechanisms accurately, an employer actually faces a larger fine should they provide their employees insurance found not to meet the minimal Federal requirements than if they simply opted not to provide insurance and just paid the penalty up front. This would place employers in the position of possibly paying a higher penalty for attempting to provide insurance and being found not in compliance than if they simply refused to even try and comply. This sounds like a plan to force employers to simply choose the monetarily safer route and simply refuse from the start to even play the game. As the super-computer in War Games, the WOPR, stated at the end, “The only winning move is not to play.” Hopefully the Supreme Court is half as intelligent as the computer in an old sci-fi movie.
So, maybe this book deserves a second read. At any rate, as one of the characters says: “…You can’t find a straight line because there isn’t one. There’s more than one and they don’t meet. They’re parallel….” Life isn’t always wrapped up in neat packages, clean lines, tied off bows. Life is messy. Sallis knows this. And that’s what he’s given the reader.
I can already tell you that this is not going a blog about how I erase six figures (yes, SIX figures) of debt in some ridiculously short time frame, a la No More Harvard Debt. It won’t even be gone in four years. It’s going to be a long process that will require me to balance my debt aversion, having a life, and preparing for the future.
I have two particular memories of early concerts. The first concert was a Bach Brandenburg Concerto by Bach and I was taken by my first crush and blonde nanny "Debbys", always clad in her perfect mini skirt. The hippies with which she surrounded herself were a bit too loud for my taste during the Brandenburg Concerto and since it was Bach which I loved, and since I knew the proper etiquette of theater attendance, I turned and gave her boyfriends (yes, plural) an angry "SHHHHHH". The rest of the concert I was able to enjoy in peace.
The warmth of a summer sun,
I made a piece of word art in the style of the old New York Subway Signage.
Also, I am passionate about history, which a lot of people -- young and old, think of as boring. But, of course, it’s not. And it seems to me that young readers may not even realize that when they are reading about Titanic they are studying history and doing research. So it’s a fantastic topic to help students discover historical thinking.
I mentioned these before. The vintage chenille cat, flocked rabbit and the two wooden "puppet" cats. I made them this special box long ago to store them in safely. Now they have come out to play again. I adored "littles" like these, as I used to call them.
Blame didn’t stop the blight or crime. Handouts didn’t help anyone develop skills and poverty had grown into a generational problem.
Daily there are people out there to tell you, no, a boss, friends, parents, spouses, girlfriends. That is just part of life, disappointment and hurt is as much a part of living as joy, happiness and love. Hurt is the same for an addict or non-addict. The difference I observe in our reactions to all of our emotions, good or bad is our coping methods. I don’t know what drugs do for an addict to help with coping of disappointment. I don’t know how drugs heighten the joy of happiness. But I do know that my life would be very monochromatic without the peaks and valleys.
We just got back from another London Bridge session- it seems to be coming a Sunday/ lazy day regular. A good selection in the Market Porter ( Loddon's Firsty the Snowman and Bradfield's Farmers were the best of the bunch) were accompanied by the permanent problem of insufficient seating and a debate over stealing the beer mats (we have a very good but very secret reason for wanting to do so). We then ambled round to the Wheatsheaf, which despite having a sign outside advertising Sunday night jazz, was shut. With a padlock. So yet again, the Horniman got our custom, and we got to try two Lancaster ales, their blonde and their amber. I never thought I'd say this, but just this once, blonde was better.
Was it sheer “luck” that you got to that place or were your eyes wide open and were you merely paying attention to your life? Don’t forget, you have to be looking for a four-leaf clover to find one!
Cost of Alternative: $20-$30 per gallon
Pictures below.
I am continuously amazed & saddened by how many parents have no idea of their children’s rights at school.
Health Care Model National Health Insurance
But perhaps it will give us something that is very valuable while it is here and that is time to spend with our families, time to fix all those things which are broken, time to cut the grass and empty out the garage. In short it is now time to tackle the jobs which have been waiting to be done and take back your life.
for me today. She seriously needs some TLC but on the
Christmas cards (I have to be honest I know it is best to give than to receive but this is one of those that I just LOVE to receive, if we are being honest!),
The question of who was doing whose dirty work is not so easily answered, however Israel was nobody’s sidekick when it invaded Lebanon. The film does not show us the Israeli shelling of Beirut that led to 18,000 deaths and 30,000 wounded, the violations committed against civilians, the destruction of Palestinian and Lebanese resistance. And what about the fact that the Palestine Liberation Organization and armed resistors had been evacuated more than two weeks before the massacres, and that it was the day after multinational forces left Beirut that Israeli Defense Minister Ariel Sharon made it known that 2,000 “terrorists” remained in the camps? The focus of Folman’s quest for responsibility in Waltz with Bashir hones in on lighting the flares as the Phalangists “mopped up” the camps. That two months before the massacres Sharon had announced his objective to send Phalangist forces into the camps, that the Israeli army surrounded and sealed the camps, that they shelled the camps, that snipers shot at camp dwellers in the days before the massacres, and then having given the green light to the Phalangists to enter Sabra and Shatila, the Israeli army prevented people from fleeing the camps — all of this is absent in Waltz with Bashir.
There is an internet station, which costs a bit of $$, but I'm sure I'll check in a couple of times, but I'm not taking my own computer. It's a scary thought to leave my computer behind, but I can do it :)
Tamara Johnson ... Dottie
Here’s some inspiration from the DT
A few days ago I asked readers to submit their ideas for our theme for the 2012 Book Battle. The ideas are in and now it's time for everyone to vote on their favorites. Thank you to everyone who submitted ideas!
This is the first time I've met a blog friend in real life- it is so interesting "meeting" someone, yet knowing all these things about them like you were there when they happened! I couldn't have asked for it to have gone any smoother. :) It was nice to just skip all the "get to know you" business and launch right into conversations of what we already knew we could talk about!
We’ll understand it all by and by.
Colton- 6lbs14oz at birth, now 24lbs
We need to search and seek, yet we also need to wait. “Actively waiting,” I call it, which is like looking for cars crossing the border and moving when the time is right.
(1) Kettle chips = 1.99
I have been at it over two years now,
Imagine what must be going through the mind of a 4 year old kid, who is left all alone tonight, with nobody to take care of him or her? None of these orphaned kids asked to be here, so imagine how a child has to try and make sense of all of this?
Given the large number of impacts the study was forced to look at, she asked the developers: “Why don’t you consider somewhere else?”
though Muslim foster parents were available, including Ahmed’s
Speaking of the Midwest, here is a fairy crotch which has been accented by tastefully arranged insects and arachnid silk ornamentation.
So conventional wisdom is right. If you subtract 35 years and forget that it’s a different superman (Shaw had Don Juan in mind). By the time Jerry Siegel attached it to his hero, the word was everywhere. Type it into The New York Times archives, and you’ll find hundreds of listings.
A covey of doves resides on this barren tree. They come and go, vacating when blackbirds fly overhead, knowing better than to stick around where they might be attacked. They are almost the same size as the blackbirds, but they come and go in a mild way, resting between foraging trips down in the garden, and know precisely what to do when they see blackbirds advance toward them.
Next morning the lodgers had returned, merrily chirruping away as they commenced the re- build. A very disgruntled and frustrated farmer went back on the roof with chicken wire in hand only to find those birds had been extremely busy and there was another completed nest in situ.
And then he runs, runs, runs, runs away
To my astonishment, he doesn't run away or fall asleep on the spot, but rolls up his sleeves and says, "you deserve this after all you did for me tonight."
Her gorgeous card featuring beautiful handmade flowers won our last Weekend Warm-Up, and this is her chance to showcase some of her work and allow you to get to know her better. She has quite an amazing story...
Tending bar at the safari guesthouse, I serve a drink to a young American man who resembles the actor Robert Downey Junior. After exchanging a few pleasantries, he confides that he is a compulsive womaniser. We gorillas are used to hearing such confessions from humans, who often confuse us with their shrinks.
Jelavic (23)
All the stuff I think is ugly like kids plastic dishes and pots and pans are on the bottom.
His fingers were swollen, the palms too. His hands looked terrible, puffed like sausage, but he wanted to go up the rink and play hockey.
III. Jesus‘ death was terrible but necessary.
*This should be performed as one continuous effort. MAKE SURE to read the notes below.
“Visitors most frequently reach BrandYourself profiles through Google, but the feature works the same way if visitors reach a user’s profile from another search engine or website.”
His latest, The Sovereignties of Invention, is a collection of short stories that seem to be suspended just beyond the reach of time and place. Steeped in the uncanny and impossible, Battles stretches our imagination with stories like Time Capsule in which two men attempt to best each other in a never ending game of chess aided by pills that, when swallowed, move you back through time in one minute increments. Or the title story, The Sovereignties of Invention, which tells the tale of the man who purchased a machine that, once inserted into your auditory canals, can record your every subconscious thought.
5). New project 1: 28mm Greek Mythology
WOOOOOO! SHINY YANK GOALIE!!! I'll bet I get more trade offers for this than my Strasburg Chrome. WELL YA CAIN'T HAVE IT. This goes directly into the kickass binder. Tim plays for Everton which is now on the short list of Premier League teams I will consider rooting for.
Her response? To love him more. To buy him gifts. To do little special things for him in order to “love” him back into being someone he’s not – that is, a nice person.
16.07.08 CA Montreal, La Sala Rossa
I don't know quite where I where I went wrong.
They have a farmer’s market on the ground floor, and we were there primarily to pick up food to make dinner and lunch for the next day (we wanted food for the girls when they arrive, so they don’t starve before training!). We found the most AMAZING produce there:
Fennel salmon salad
For all those who died that day, may they never be forgotten. For all those who lost someone that day, may they find peace in their hearts and comfort in their memories. And for all of us who remember the horrific events of that day, may we always stand united as one nation, defiant to those who seek to destroy us, and may we never forget what the stars and stripes of our flag represent.
I hope this Bible Verse from Luke 19 where Zacchaeus is called by Jesus helps you draw closer to God and live according to His Will for your life.
Have a non-deteriorating day!
Morgen: It would be nice to have more time to do what we love best, to write, isn’t it? Although equally it’s great getting to chat to the readers directly. What advice would you give aspiring writers?
If you would like a surprise, let me know that too.
Salt + pepper
PENNINGTON: Jeanette Moore fights back and escaped black attacker.
HuskyJobs – 61020
Double Dragon: The Movie
new (1 yr old) tv in family room running but.....
Practicing midwifery in the state of Indiana without being a licensed nurse is currently illegal, which makes it extremely difficult not only for midwives like Keeslar to practice, but also for women who prefer a more personalized and natural form of childbirth to receive the proper care of their choice. Even certified practical midwifery and direct-entry midwifery are illegal in the Hoosier State, which greatly limits women’s birthing options there.
The shop will host 5 local artisians who will have handcrafted merchandise available for sale. For Hedy Regal Designs, I am whipping up monogramed pillows, token necklaces, and more to adorn your home and your body . . . other artists feature jewelry, lamps, forced bulbs, and bags.
Funny expression. A lot like “let’s dig a little deeper”. Very apt metaphor. What it implies is that things are buried, or hidden, from our conscious awareness. Now for those of us who’ve had any degree of waking up, this is a fundamental tenet. Humanity is being manipulated via false information and withheld truths.
Millennia pass, awareness of the hidden danger fades to legend, and both song and veil weaken. And the most remote cities are laid waste by fell, nightmarish troops escaped from the Bourne. Some people dismiss the attacks as mere rumor. Instead of standing against the real threat, they persecute those with the knowledge, magic and power to fight these abominations, denying the inevitability of war and annihilation. And the evil from the Bourne swells….
A foreboding grew on me; I sensed that if I did not reply, some tragedy would occur. At last I began weakly, "Anarchy..."
That is, that one needs to be converted and baptized in water in order to have a revived spirit and then you need to be baptized in the Holy Spirit to be empowered to share in Jesus’ ministry in this world. Jesus himself, although He was sinless, models this pathway for us in His baptism with water by John and His subsequent empowerment by the Holy Spirit. For our benefit, John the Baptist tells the seekers of his day that, “I baptize you with water for repentance, but one who is more powerful than I is coming after me; I am not worthy to carry his sandals. He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and fire” (Matt:3:11)
30 Rock
I stamped the shoreline in London Fog and went over all the lines with white pen. Here is a book mark I made out of the first one that I messed up on!! Hey it work's!
I kind of have an idea, but I just can’t tell for sure. Maybe you know. Maybe you think you know something for certain.
Rainwater is collected from the downspout near the western end of the porch (left in this rendering). Here, a "stream" is designed to direct overflow to the rain garden. This would be planted with native shrubs, ferns, and wildflowers.
Mr. Christo Mouton (54), an accountant, who was working for Child Welfare for Vereeniging was shot in the heart.
If so, you suffer from paraskevidekatriaphobia — fear of Friday the 13th. The word is a concatenation of the Greek words Paraskevi (Παρασκευή, meaning “Friday”), dekatreis (δεκατρείς, meaning “thirteen”), and phobia (φοβία, meaning “fear”).
The moon rises
Art therapy is a mental health profession that uses the creative process of art making to improve and enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of individuals of all ages. It is based on the belief that the creative process involved in artistic self-expression helps people to resolve conflicts and problems, develop interpersonal skills, manage behaviour, reduce stress, increase self-esteem and self-awareness, and achieve insight. Art therapy integrates the fields of human development, visual art (drawing, painting, sculpture, and other art forms), and the creative process with models of counseling and psychotherapy.
She had a project today to work on her Valentine's Day Box. I remember doing this as a kid, but don't remember mine every being all that special....so when Jovie asked if we could make hers more than a box, I agreed. In all honesty, anything that will keep her busy and entertained right now I am all for!
But Miranda battled back and Viloria showed some swelling above the right eye in the eighth. Viloria excited the crowd by landing three solid rights in the ninth, but Miranda kept coming and both survived the 12th to send the decision to the judges with Viloria, bloodied but standing, winning on all three cards.
Lots of that inside
15) The most loathed piece of canon in the history of fandom is______
Gruessi ali lueti! as the good citizens of Zürich would say. To ye English speaking I bid hello!
2 trouble
-Extends the wear of a foundation
I slipped and fell crossing to the mall entrance. I was worried that the oncoming plow operator might not see me. Apparently he did. He stopped and waited for me to get up. I think I hurt my tail bone, and I hope the dirty slush doesn’t stain the elbows of my coat.
1999 The death of Sir Alfred Ernest “Alf” Ramsey, manager of the English national football team from 1963 to 1974. His greatest achievement was winning the 1966 World Cup with England on 30th July 1966.
The Brazilian real has been trading in a narrow band in recent weeks around BRL1.80 to BRL1.83 to the U.S. dollar. According to Delfim Netto, that level means the real is “overvalued by 25% to 30%, putting our industry at a great disadvantage against competitors.”
Welcome to the Lady Bloggers Society Tea Party Social!
"No" I said. Quite quietly.
“We will be taking the strongest possible action against this individual, who has received a football banning order along with a lifetime ban from Chelsea Football Club.
15% Brittle Oils - oils that are solid at room temp with a firm, brittle consistency
Now a little cold or rain
room.
Also, I want to apologize for promising to have my Beach Literacy Pack up by last week... obviously that didn't happen! the past two weeks have been filled with housework, training puppies (...really just one - I'm not THAT insane to try to take on two yellow lab puppies at once!), unexpected funerals, and taking care of my Aunt while my Uncle was out of town. ...Not to mention WORK!!
Use a forex mini account for about a year if you are a new trader and if you wnat to be a good trader. Doing this helps you learn the difference between good trades and bad trades.
Of emeralds, and of flowers
Agenda Rights Management can get in the way of how you can use what you accept accurately purchased. You can't usually share, copy, or accommodation your media if it's DRM-protected. For example, if I bought 'Splosion Man on XBLA, it is affronted to both my Gamertag and my arrangement ID number, so I can't accommodation it to my acquaintance like I did with my Ghostbusters disc. Aloft goes with Bedrock Bandage DLC. I can't go over to my friend's abode with a anamnesis agenda loaded with songs and play them on his system. Lame.
I apologize if I’ve hurt anyone’s feelings, but I have a right to defend myself, and to point out the hypocrisy of people who justify anti-gay bigotry by pointing to the bible and insisting we must live by the code of Leviticus on this one issue and no other.
Note: Occasionally a rally will only have 15 or 20-amp electrical hookups. You will need a 15-amp male to 30-amp female adapter in order to connect your 30-amp power cord to the 15-amp outlet. Keep in mind that you will have to keep your RV’s total amperage draw to 15 amps or less. It is a good idea to switch both your refrigerator and water heater to propane operation before connecting your rig to a 15-amp outlet. An RV’s absorption refrigerator can draw in the neighborhood of 5 amps of power and the water heater 12 or more amps while operating on a 120-volt electrical connection..
Then, a month after the RWB, I was asked to resign my position as Barking and Dagenham Organiser. The excuse given to me by the Chairman was that I needed a rest!! Of course, I refused- and so I was sacked! This was my third sacking! The position was given to one of the 2004 Barking and Dagenham candidates who after only two months stated that he could not do the job and asked me to take over from him. So I did, but without the authority or knowledge of Head Office. Because I couldn’t just stand back and watch things stagnate.
She had always had a great sense of humour - as a teenager, no matter what mood I was in, she always had the ability to make me smile. We used laugh and joke all the time and I just loved coming home from college to see her. When I was away she used to write me letters and she would make the most mundane things funny. Her letters would just brighten anyones day!
Armor saves cannot be made in close combat.
Are special to me.
Next I simply take my first little pile and sew each block together to form my first row. Once I have sewn all my rows together I like to lay them all out on my design wall again, to make doubly sure I have sewn them all in the correct order. I usually lay them back onto my design wall, but I had fun pinning them to my back fence...
CoreLogic says a significant factor causing recent home loans to slide under water has been the availability of government-insured mortgages that require only a small down payment. These loans, insured by the FHA, require a down payment of as little as 3.5 percent of the purchase price, providing only a small cushion of protection against a drop in home prices that could drive a borrower into negative equity.
21. Hey, my lips can dance just as good as me! let’s kiss! +
many tears were shed.
Rulebook.
I can't imagine being married for 50 years! We have only just reached our 10 year anniversary, although we have actually been together for 22 years....
Except ice cream.
And so I've turned to my work. Revamping my coaching programs... Reflecting on my own process that got me to this point... Tinkering with ideas to spread this indescribable peace.
Giveaway #11
you commenting my comment? I hope it’s the former
I haven’t posted anything about Joseph and myself in a little while because I’ve been busy. As of today (Thursday) we have 40 days until the wedding. That’s not much time at all, and we’re finalizing things. Even though much of the wedding planning is complete, there are still things we need to get done, and when you couple that with full-time jobs, and training for a half-marathon, life becomes a bit much. However, we’re managing, and I will still find time to be thankful…
One of the strongest points brought up by the comments on Bob Miller's piece for PublishingPerspectives.com is the analogy that publishers and authors do not approach the imminent launch of a book in the way a new film might be promoted. Certainly there is a strong argument that a film has a greater 'wow' factor due to its inherent visual medium, but then, that is the imagined vision, as, like all expectations and Christmas presents, we will only have been indulged in the snippets and teases of what is beneath the wrapping. The reading public is on a par with the cinematic-going public, and given so many crossovers, it is hard to see why publishers do not explore this kind of pre-publication promotion a lot more. When a forthcoming film is promoted, we are indulged in directors, producers, screen writers as well as actors doing their all in partnership for the good of the 'product'. How might this work with a book? Can we see the day, when, in partnership, author, publisher, book designer, hell, even the editor and literary agent get to herald their stamp on the book project? What is so alien about this to us?
In everyone’s lives, there are periods of sadness, discouragement, or difficulty in adjusting to new situations. It’s not unusual to experience these feelings, but they can become a concern if they are frequent or prolonged or if
Few tears were shed, I'm sure, when Sierra Nevada's execrable Wheat Ale went out of production, to be replaced by the superior Kellerweis. And I was not overly distraught when I read the news that the spring bock Glissade was being retired after only a couple of years to be replaced by the new Ruthless Rye IPA. Yes, another hop-forward beer from Sierra Nevada might seem a little boring, but it's a medium in which they work pretty consistently well. Rye, on the other hand, isn't usually my bag, beerwise. I'm slightly dismayed by the current fashion for it. Still, hop-confident I bought four bottles of the untasted newbie to bring home.
And… we had signals for the fire department they were almost like a big bugle, ‘Waaaa-Waaaa-Waaaa!’ And, they were all ringing.
Thanks to Rose Quartz for tipping me off to this amazing track by North Carolinian producer Dreams West. I enjoyed it at first, but it wasn't until I found myself humming the main synth line to myself constantly throughout the day that I decided it was definitely time to post it up on here. Full credit goes to Dreams West if it ends up getting stuck in your head as well, I'm just the aggregator.
UNFORTUNATELY, Brooklyn’s collective face has been a bit reddened ever since Churchill’s 1953 visit. For it is generally believed we led him to the wrong house.
I just love all the beautiful colors on the trees right now, but not sure I am ready for cooler temperatures.
Smooches!
How are you affected by sound?
‘Last week he said a lot of people were pitchy but then he said it doesn’t matter,’ she added.
And, that's the way I see it!
This last weekend we asked the doctor what the "rules" were if Levi was able to come home. It sounds like he will be under pretty much the same restrictions here at home as he is in the hospital. We will only be able to have a limited number of visitors, no playing outside in the dirt, no playgrounds, stores, church, or daycare, and stay away from anyone who is sick. So we probably won't be very social when they come home, but I'm sure you'll understand. I can't wait to tuck both of my kids in at night and sneak away for a date night with my beautiful wife. A gift given to us by a couple of our friends came with this condition, so I will make sure it happens. And maybe, just maybe, there will be a motorcycle ride involved. But we'll have to wait and see.
Level 15: MP Cost: 21, 80% chance to cancel the enemy’s buffs, Time between skills: 16 seconds.
Canvases were half price at the craft store. And I bought this T-square with a coupon.
Able to give a different slant
It’s just so redundant! They really seem to think it necessary to keep showing the flashbacks interspliced into every kill scene, like otherwise we wouldn’t get that it’s all revenge for what the cops did to the homeless guy a year ago. It treats the viewers like idiots, and that alone makes this movie completely indefensible. Why would I ever want to watch something that doesn’t think I’m smart enough to understand its ludicrous plot?
The people are still unable to feel the vigorous economic momentum of the Year of the Tiger. After all, the high-growth economic data will only play some effects after a period of at least six months.
9/19/2008 - Borders Books & Music - 7:00 PM
Ressentiment is not to be considered interchangeable with the normal English word “resentment”, or even the French “ressentiment”. While the normal words both speak to a feeling of frustration directed at a perceived source, neither speaks to the special relationship between a sense of inferiority and the creation of morality.
Image via OSU Special Collections & Archives
crisis.
Expand the key above.
So my apology this time centres around the truth and that is I cannot type when my head is flat against my keyboard. All that ever produces is hundreds of pages of this:
Now were going to do the little casings for the ribbon. Cut out two pieces of muslin 5"x1". Do a zigzag stitch around all 4 sides on both pieces. Again, keep the zigzag stitches as close to the edge as you can.
My previous Biguine Legende Blush was the gorgeous Sissi which is pink with gold veining. This time round I was quite glad that they had Ira – a peachy one available.
I had my own room and the room, an entire room just to myself. The room down the hall from me belonged to my brothers. We had plenty of space for our dogs inside our living room which led out to screened in porch.
What you get: Access to a limited circle of the 24 Hour Fitness Classes,Cardio Machines, weight machines, classes
is not a lot of use
But back to what the parents are thinking on this massive house decorating project: they're thinking: family together/fun/togetherness/grandkids, too. So there's that. 16 grandkids, and counting. SIXTEEN.
This is not a review, just sharing an app that I think is actually worth downloading.
One of my favorite things is when he works out with me. For starters, it makes me feel like I'm doing a REAL workout. I mean, I always am, but it adds a bit more...what's the word I want? Validity. To the workout.
P.S. Within my own, slightly oval sphere of logic, I can justify buying two pairs of shoes at once, because I also bought a book of sheet music this week for Chopin's nocturnes, and once I learn to play them all, my soul will be repaired and I will be a worthy individual again.
Arrange the fried chicken in a shallow baking dish and sprinkle with brown sugar then cover with the chicken stock and lemon zest. Lay lemon slices over chicken.
On this remarkably sunny and pleasant morning I travelled to the Mermaid conference centre near Blackfriars station for the LGfL Schools Conference. It’s been interesting so far, and I’ll try and post throughout the day.
Accessories: Chills & Thrills Rub-ons and Orange Ribbon
I know it is hard to believe, but I only used 4 colors and a blender on these leaves.
our music came from a different place
Wednesday marks 26 weeks, I can't believe it! But I am so grateful for this time, for my wonderful husband, for quirky Molly girl, for our little man, for health, happiness, love, and above all, God. He is the one who has made all this possible. He is amazing.
Chairman: "Never creep up on a man who is trained to kill."
Very fab if I do say so myself!
Patricia Levesque, a Bush staffer speaking at the summit and the former governor’s right hand when it comes to education reform, does not draw a direct salary from Bush’s nonprofit despite the fact that she is listed as its executive director, and tax disclosures show that she spends about fifty hours a week at the organization. Instead, her lobbying firm, Meridian Strategies, supplies her income. The Foundation for Florida’s Future, another Bush nonprofit, contracts with Meridian, as do online technology companies like IQ-ity Innovation, which paid her up to $20,000 for lobbying services at the beginning of this year. The unorthodox arrangement allows donors to Bush’s group to avoid registering actual lobbyists while using operatives like Levesque to influence legislators and governors on education technology.
It then dawned upon me why he did the whole exchange charade first and then quoted an obnoxious amount for the fare – because he wanted get away quickly, before I realised what had happened.
Captain: Edward John Smith (deceased – went down with the ship)
“A friend of mine told a story about a date with a guy she was really excited about: He stood her up. He then called her, begging her forgiveness and giving some excuse. She told him to get lost, telling him that he only gets one shot with her, and he blew it.”
“Oh, God,” the Soul answered. “It was awful. I was so bored. I didn’t have anything to do because everything was done for me! It wasn’t any fun at all!” God sent it back.
"Colonel Yates" takes off his glasses, removes the subtle disguise from his face, rearranges his hair, and shows Sir James his badge: Inspector Burke of Scotland Yard. I have what I want from you, he says. I've spent the last three days carefully breaking down your defenses, creating a mental strain that would make you susceptible to hypnotic influence. My theory that a criminal in hypnosis, faced with the circumstances of his crime, will repeat that crime exactly -- my theory has been proven correct.
The Reserve is part of The Paradisus Palma Real, but when you book a room in The Reserve, you have access to additional bars and restaurants that not everyone at the resort can use. You also have use of a private pool and beach. Ummmm, YES. PLEASE.
Kaki Lima. I think it sounds so cute. All the kaki limas build the character of the city. I have been in Jakarta only for about 4 and a half months, but when I talk about the city, I cannot talk about it without mentioning kaki lima and bajaj.
Maybe this place is more like Pyrrus than I thought.
But calmly and quietly, at the same time, something else is happening underground
Aubrey
hello, hello! hope you all had a wonderful holiday! ours was nice and there was a blizzard here monday in case you hadn't heard ;). we had just under two feet of snow and for reasons yet to be determined, it was chaos and still challenging for many.
If the woman is unmarried, the resultant child will be illegitimate and would be regarded to be that of the surrogate mother.
The in-train communication takes the audience through an engaging interactive experience with a range of multimedia devices to induce self risk perception, persuade in favour of counseling and testing and creates a positive social environment for care and support to people living with HIV.
Ready to take on a challenge? Try to make the majority of your meal: VEGGIES! This means you’ll be eating less carbohydrates and less fat. But, you’ll be getting more low-calorie, antioxidant and fiber-rich veggies. So you’ll fill up on fewer calories. In a month you could lose 3-8 pounds just by eating more vegetables!
Canseco seems intent on making a comeback in more ways than one. On the ball field, he's just recently joined the Worcester Tornadoes and has started a write-in campaign on Twitter to get himself to play in this year's All Star game. Then there's the reality show route. Canseco had bombed famously on "Celebrity Apprentice" and "The Surreal Life" and his ex wife, Jessica Canseco is set to be in the VH1 reality show, "Hollywood Exes". Canseco, says for now he's focusing on his game. He knows this is his swan song. "No body's making a million dollars or getting rich off this. I do it because I enjoy playing."
And then, it was my husbands birthday. The day before his birthday and the official celebration with his family we decided to go run some errands and get ready for the celebration. While we were out we had planned to go to Chick Fil A for lunch, but when we got there the parking lot was packed and we couldn't even get into the area to see how busy it was. So, on the spur of the moment we decided to go to our favorite sushi place instead. Sushi= yummy and healthy right? I mean, it's fish. Fish is good right? Well, yes fish is good, but the mountain of white rice it is served on is not such a great thing for Ashley.
This morning it was minus 16 with the wind chill. OK, that just isn't right!
With my soul's fine ear I listen and hear
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Stir the yeast into a cup of warm water. Add the agave nectar and allow the yeast to sit for about 10 mintues until it gets frothy.
Here is what you need to do for Joan's Gardens Weekly Challenge #6
Time and References to Time
The correlation between Islamic ideology and this disparity in criminal propensities is open to dispute. However, the statistics are telling: rape is an overwhelmingly Muslim crime in Western Europe. Its most brutal and barbaric form, gang rape, is almost entirely a Muslim phenomenon.
7. The capital of Scotland, Edinburgh, is only its second largest city, after Glasgow.
Some toe-tapping goodness was rife in “Better Than,” a hit performed on the banjo that proved to be a feel-good number despite the lyrics touching on the grass-is-always-greener syndrome. Like many of the songs performed tonight, it boasted music that had a rustic cool and homespun, country charm that was so pure and wonderful. “Good As Gone” – a loved but easily forgotten B-side – was an old, blues-fuelled track you could imagine Jack White performing.
REPO! THE GENETIC OPERA is an admirable piece of sh*t.
It's a place where my family has shared many nice meals.
Perhaps the most striking example of the bands new found obsession with synthesisers is saved for closing track and album highlight Kill It In The Morning. A pulsing dance floor influenced beat meshes with swirling guitars, synthesisers and James Graham’s menacing vocals to tremendous effect for a kind of grand industrial dance rock sound that is as brutal as it is exciting. There will be few more captivating sounds heard this year than Graham’s closing acapella line “What more do you need to know? It’s staying here well down below.” It makes for a fitting postscript on a thrillingly captivating album.
One of the things that was discussed is how women have become more accepted as characters in the fantasy genre and action/adventure genre books, which traditionally featured male characters. A social demand grew for strong female characters – characters who weren’t afraid to get out there and fight alongside men. It is socially acceptable to have a woman character who is a fighter, and it is gratifying to women to read these stories, that show strong women who aren’t afraid to stand up for what they believe in.
Hooray!
It had to happen eventually. Today Jamie Ford is not on the New York Times bestseller list--ending our phenomenal run of 130 consecutive weeks on the list. That is two and half years without dropping off.
While sequestered in contemplation that evening, Brother Vang began to feel a disturbing itch and tingling manifest itself upon his chest–soon afterward, the crusader felt a presence impress upon his mind, only narrowly able to rebuke it. Much to the crusader’s dismay, it seemed that at long last an element from his childhood had come to haunt him: gathering his fellow compatriots, Brother Vang revealed the strange and mysterious scar he bore from when he was but a babe.
It hasn't always been easy this past year, but you have had an excellent tool on hand to help you stay on track going forward: Winning Outcomes, goals that boost your motivation and bring your vision to life. Remember winning outcomes are positive, specific, within your control. and a good fit with your lifestyle.
Can you believe it’s that time again?! Summer Session is about to begin at Stage Left Dance in Middletown, CT. Get ready for the beach with Dance and Fitness classes designed to give you a workout!
Lastly, has anyone seen the new Harry Potter movie? If you’re planning to go, a word of advice. Take Kleenex. Especially if you’ve read the books, because you’ll be able to appreciate what’s happening on a deeper level. Yes, there are changes and differences, but it’s still a wonderful ending to the series. I want to go back.
Larry and I finally have a shop up and running (well, Larry has it running) in Salt Lake, and a new boat is now underway. I can't wait to get my hands dirty again.
Honey's work schedule. I know that nobody can help it.. it's what Shipyard does to a crew, but it's sucked something fierce.
I tried to let it go.
Telephone: + 55 46 12 1755
1 devotion
If you are ready, we have another fun sketch to share with you this week, created by our Mischief Maker, Kelly Schirmer.
As ‘smartphones’ get smarter and are able to do more and more tasks for us at the press of a button, or in some cases, at the pleading of a voice command, many are losing sight literally of the world around them in favor of the virtual world their smart gadgets provide.
because of its new paint
Don't get me wrong; I love the sun. A shining sun sustains my mood. A sun that stays behind the clouds saps my energy. In the winter, when it hangs so low in the sky that it can't warm anything, I suffer from Seasonal Affect Disorder, the initials of which are no coincidence. But that's a topic for another post.
Esmatullah Sharifi, 30, was told by Judge Mark Dean in Melbourne that his background as a traumatised Muslim refugee was no excuse for the rape of a drunken and vulnerable teenager.
Cartel bosses emulate Malverde by fleecing the rich – especially American druggies – and giving to the poorest of Mexico’s poor by providing food, clothing, shelter, jobs and favors.
sandwich there is a gauntlet to run and the one thing you should never
· November 23, 2011 9:00 PM
So this has lead me to ask, who’s caring for the elderly?
Palate: White Pepper, pears, honeydew melon, blueberries, honey.
And art is a passion that springs from the heart, colours speak through musical lines
Medium Size Fits Standard Shelves
My 5 year old decided to be uncooperative and would not allow his brother to hug or kiss him. He held out his arm, winced, moaned and tried in every way to ruin the photo session. I finally got the ONE shot of my 2 year old sneaking a kiss, but I had a mess of all the other photos.
This is a photo of my Mom and I in December. Our smiles are genuine and Mom was having a terrific day.
1 flatten
IMDb Rating: 5.4
Other: Stickles- stardust,
Having seen a large number of other entries, many of them being metaphorical in nature and using simple (yet no less effective I should add) graphic imagery, I decided that I wanted my entry to be somewhat more literal, with an image that plays on the very nature of this famous story and is easily understood, especially once completing the book. I am quite pleased with the final result, the decision to create the inked background came quite late on and I think it gives the image more depth an emotion. If I was to be picky, I’d say that my hand drawn type could of been executed slightly better, but in general I think it fits well with an image that has been both fun to produce and beneficial to my professional practice.
I answered them. "I'm not going to tell you. It's a surprise. You guys just need to prepare yourselves."
We can see the classification of Goldings is based around hops propagated from Canterbury Whitebines and Mr Golding’s famous hop, which was itself propagated from a Canterbury Whitebine. It’s clear that there’s something anachronistic going on grouping these hops under the name of ‘Goldings’. Percival notes that Canterbury Whitebine and Goldings were considered quite separate hops initially and it was not until after the middle of the 19th century that they were merged into one group. In 1901 he said it’s “customary to apply the term ‘Goldings’ to the best class of hops, such as the Canterbury and Farnham Whitebines, the Bramling and Mathon hops, with Cobb’s and the Rodmersham varieties, and stretched occasionally to include others of less repute.” This practice was continued by the Hop Marketing Board and carries on to this day.
This version of the show is definitely for mature audiences only. The show tells the story in true hip-hop fashion with lots of sexual innuendo, drug references, and physical violence. Although, I’m sure much of that could probably have been said of the original script back in the 1500s. AJ admitted to me after the show that it was weird to experience this show while sitting next to his Dad. And truth be told, it was a little awkward for me as well. But the show was so funny that it wasn’t difficult to quickly set aside our uneasiness.
In a sense, Laughton was ahead of his time--a character actor able to headline a film. Nobody bats an eye nowadays to see guys like Robert DeNiro, Dustin Hoffman and Jack Nicholson--who are essentially character actors--headlining their own movies, but in the age of the handsome leading man, it was far more unusual. Only Laughton, one of the most underrated film actors who ever lived, could have pulled off Quasimodo, Capt. Bligh and Sir Wilfrid Robarts. And despite the presence of Power in Witness for the Prosecution, there is never any doubt that this is Laughton's movie. His performance truly makes this one of cinema's most satisfying experiences.
Next came my parents. Over Sunday lunch the conversation went quiet. I took my chance. “Mum, Dad, I have something to say” They looked at me quizzical as I continued, “I have been living a lie. I can live it no longer. I need to leave the closet” My father’s eyes expanded in surprise “I am a beer geek, I like to drink pongy dark beer, pongy light beer, and the pongier the better. Whether cask, bottle, can or craft. Whether macro or micro, if it reeks I love it. I like to comment on the cascade hops and talk about resinous quality in the after taste. I’M STLL YOUR SON; GODDAMMIT” I put my head in my hands and my father put his arm around me “You’ll always be our son, and we’ll always love you. Even if you’re a beer geek. Have you considered homosexuality? That’s quiet fashionable and may even be healthier than heavy drinking.”- “Beer geekery is fashionable dad. It’s all the rage. Have you not read the cask report? And beer geekery isn’t about getting pissed. We neck pong for the taste, not to get pissed. We are quite boring that way” I replied.
Meanwhile, Mr. Clark is running rampant through the hospital, shooting more and more doctors. He gets on an elevator and runs into Cristina, and he asks her for directions to Derek's office. She directs him, and he quietly thanks her and gets off the elevator. Mer runs into Cristina, and they both think the page was a drill, so they are wandering around the eerily quiet hospital unprotected. They eventually run into Der, who tells them to hide in a supply closet and be quiet because there is a shooter in the hospital. Mer fears for his safety, but stays in the closet as he asked. But when they look out the window and see the shooter enter their wing, Cristina realizes that the person she gave directions to is in fact the shooter and he is after Derek!! So they both freak out and after the coast is clear, they sneak out and see Mr. Clark pointing a gun at Derek. Mer practically has a conniption fit but she knows to stay quiet. Der tries to reason with Mr. Clark, but to no avail. He shoots Der right in the chest!!!! (This is where I freak out and start hyperventilating because I am in love with Derek Shepherd - fyi Patrick Dempsey - and I of course don't want him to die!!)
Silly is acceptable, being an idiot is not.
How about you...any silly childhood wishes and did any one's wish come true??
Additional Links:
In 1834 the French explorer Eugene de Sartiges, along with the Peruvians Jose Maria Tejada and Marcelino Leon, visited the ruins of Choqquequirau. His route started at the village of Mollepata before passing between Mount Soray and Mount Salancay and ended up at the hamlet of Huadquina in the Santa Teresa valley, only a few miles of Machu Picchu, then still unknown to the outside world.
He wouldn’t waste his time catching every dummy reporter that falls off a roof; he’d use his super-speed to selfishly help his favorite sports team.
Oh, I also want to post on this blog more consistently. We'll see how that goes. And to some this might sound like a lot, but keep in mind that I won't be doing it all at once. The hoop dancing and running probably won't happen until the summer. I won't be working on being in tip top shape all year long. Pretty much the only things I will be doing the entire year are #1 and #5. Completely doable. I think if you're making a resolution to eat healthier/exercise/lose weight that it's great but make sure you make small goals and figure out how exactly you're going to achieve them. And if you're already rather healthy, then do like me and make it your goal to get better at new things. Let's all get healthier and more fit in 2011!
Uses over, chagrin
Some way through the early hours, coming down from the e’s, this bitch took a fancy to Party Time and ended up giving me a blowjob in the toilets while she had her finger up his hole caressing his prostate. Suffice to say, result were messy.
Why aren't you eating your vegetables?
Some would argue that there is no real consensus on what unschooling is, but I'd say that's not really true, because if you look at the main unschooling websites, the Wikipedia article on unschooling, and if you go to workshops at any unschooling conference or read any of the books out there on unschooling, you will find a definite consensus.
Tomorrow morning, Sofie and I have an appointment in Glendale to begin work on several large sculptures for a home owner - it's good to be busy. We'll take photos, make a few stick drawings, and most like chase Sofie around the yard. Hopefully, we'll make it close to San Antonio tomorrow night.
We've had a bit of snow here recently in the PACNORWEST, and I've been itching to get out and use the snowshoes I got for Christmas. On the holiday last Monday, a bunch of guys from my wardroom and I planned to go to Mount Rainier to do some snowshoeing and sledding. Unfortunately, there was too much snow and they road up to Paradise remained closed that day. Instead, we decided to go to The Summit at Snoqualmie, commonly referred to as simply "Snoqualmie."
As for the food, I told you yesterday that I would go for the low key wine and cheese vibe. It worked out fabulously...
There is so much advice I could give ... but the best piece would be to figure out who you are as a writer and live up to that genuinely.
- Pumpkin & Pecan pie
Summer is filled with that kind of music to me. It’s the music of the breezes as I type outside on my deck; the screams of thrills as little children put their toes in the water at the beach; the sound of the overloaded camper backing up out of the driveway as we leave for vacation, and the children querying, “are we there yet?” It’s the campfire crackling as my daughters and I sing in a round, and my husband sits back to enjoy the melody, rather than joining in and wrecking it. It’s woodpeckers and splashes and even the buzzing of mosquitoes.
Here we all are during various stages of the creative process. Wonder was painting a eggy hobbit riddle that went something like "A box without hinges, keys or lid yet golden treasure inside is hid?"
There are 5 possible ways to win.
Phthalo Blue (Green Shade)
Those are the times where I’ve failed the test. I’ve failed it because I forgot what the bigger picture is. And the bigger picture, no matter how many chips are in a poker jackpot, is that no matter how loud we yell – we are lucky because we have someone who is always looking out for us and will love us and will help us survive.
An enemy’s sails of navy
I had met the owner, Rudy Van Thiel, last market at a party hosted by Ralph Lauren Home but wasn't able to find their space like many others I always miss in the maze that makes up market. Don't you just love this perfect wood & brass umbrella stand?
and I have been LOVING IT!!!
If sending liquid or food products, place them in a snap lock bag 1st in case of leakage. When sending items please mark all items " AUSSIE TROOPS PROPERTY " in permanent marker on everything to avoid theft.
basically…everything in the boutique is 25% off…so…if you have been eyeing something for a while…now is your chance to get it…at 25% off…and it doesn’t stop there…you can do this as many times as you would like…up until sunday january 8…
Over here, you can see sturdy old men clad from head to foot in their thick homespun, their heavy whaling knives at their belts. These are men who grew up at the oar, and trod out the mountain paths. For them, all journeys were long journeys and risky ones. They are all keyed up to meet any problems, and they take life very seriously. These men stride onwards with ponderous footsteps - strong men of few words.
I don't have anything else to blog about
Interesting how she worked conversation into that poem, don't you think?
The podcast jumps straight into Ricky quizzing Karl about what doesn't annoy him. When he says he's a happy-go-lucky guy, this stuns Ricky and Steve and starts their laughing at Karl. Karl starts to talk about his girlfriend Suzanne and how she manages to break things he fixes in the house through her being heavy handed, which amuses Ricky and Steve so much so to the point where they choose to talk through Karl's typical day at home.
Planning to put up the fence around the pond this First Day, with the gate. The animals should really like the new area, they haven’t been in there since last summer. Grass is high, should take them a few weeks to eat that down.
We are far from Negative
¼ cup dry white wine (optional)
I would have forgiven Taylor for neglecting Jake’s problems had she given him a decent romance in exchange, but unfortunately a formerly three-cup book went downhill with the introduction of Samantha. Jake assures readers that he has been in love with Samantha for years due to her innate goodness and kindness, yet all Taylor shows us is an abusive girlfriend on the brink of a breakdown. She lambasts Jake for being self-absorbed and failing to look on the bright side just a few weeks after his accident, despite the commendable attitude he has shown thus far. While I realize that the plight of many children faced with losing a parent and entering the foster system is a very real concern, it’s not the issue I wanted to explore in this novel, yet before the midway point all the focus shifts to Sam’s troubles. What’s more, Taylor approaches this topic in the most clichéd manner possible: teenagers keeping the situation secret, a drunken father magically reappearing in the picture, a vindictive girl blowing the Sam’s cover. These things might often happen, but they don’t make for a good story.
More to the point, is it actually believable that NotW would not hack Sheridan’s phone?
Being my only sibling,
An Overview of Pipeline Products for Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) 8
19Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,
public transportation. They are called Song-taus and they are really
Changes in solar output together with the absence of large volcanoes (that tend to cool the climate) are likely to have been causes for the rise in temperature between 1900 and 1940. However, the much more complete observations of the sun from space instruments over the past 40 years demonstrate that such influences cannot have contributed significantly to the temperature increase over this period. Other possibilities such as cosmic rays affecting cloud formation have been very carefully considered by the IPCC (see the 3rd Assessment Report on www.ipcc.ch) and there is no evidence that they are significant compared with the much larger and well understood effects of increased greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide.
1. Anti-social behaviour laws
The Hunt County Sheriff’s Department, the Texas Rangers, the Bureau of Indians Affairs and other agencies are investigating the deaths.
Color and Colorful
**Tangentially, sometimes I wish I had come to some of this before Keith and I split. I could have simply considered him my "familiar turf" and gone with him anywhere and still been on my home turf. He would've been supportive--he was when we went to his favorite bar. Then I realize that by doing that, I would have been 100% dependent upon him and that's not healthy either. So, while doing it then might have been easier in some ways, perhaps it's better that I'm doing it alone. It's harder--much, much harder--but it means that I am able to be independent in a way I would not have been otherwise. Now...when I get a handle on the fear thing, perhaps I can work a bit on the obsessive need for independence that I have.
Along with the shorter flap other aspects of the wings design have changed, the slots on the endplate have been made even more shapely and the endplate merged into the flap. These slots have been a feature on F1 rear wings for nearly ten years. They aim to take some of the high pressure air above the wing and direct it out through the endplate at the wing tip. This reduces the pressure differences that create the vortices at the wing tip, these vortices often seen in damps condition create a large amount of drag, reducing them further aids top speed.
Dash has the perfect life until the Super Sweeper 5000 shows up. Sweeper runs all over the house sucking up the left over food scraps, and he even gets his own room! But Dash won't give up his place as the favorite dog without a fight.
HB and I knew we had to get them a 'real' pet sooner or later, and just recently the opportunity arose to purchase a puppy, relatively cheaply, from some neighbours down the street. So, let me introduce Tiffany the little Maltese X.
This blog was originally created as a learning experiment. My journalism school wanted us to learn about finding information on a particular topic and then re-posting it, seeing how readers reacted and how we could develop our analytical skills.
I started working on another program at work because mine is sooo slooowww. It was initially met with apprehension, but I think things are going well and I am enjoying it.
I don't know about you, but I am glad it's Friday. This week has been a long one filled with all things baby! My little girl is almost 16 months (how the time flies). We have been having so much fun exploring in the garden, going to the park and smelling flowers (she also tries to eat them!).
What about ends? You may choose any ends. But you must realize that ends only become realized by walking the path that leads to them, and that path is made up of the stepping stones of each and every means that is employed in their achievement.
We had a lot of fun in school today. The Teaching Your Children Joy activity today introduced Beck to charting. I was a little nervous that he wouldn't understand the concept, but he caught on quick and even put his own spin on it.
Deregistration on demand is an incredibly important law for home educators and any tinkering will produce problems. It’s a very slippery slope. It is parents who are legally responsible, so when we deregister it should not be up to the government to say: "No, no … you have to wait 20 days." That’s not in accordance with section 7, for one thing.
This book simply says, "If you want to be a writer, you must write."
4. Give yourself some extra support. If your stylish, interesting shoes lack the arch support you need, or if your feet slip around a lot and rub blisters on your toes, consider adding some insoles. The ones I really love are Superfeet insoles, which come in all sorts of different thicknesses and for different purposes. If you find that adding the insole makes your shoes too tight, just rip out the one that's already in the shoe. Superfeet aren't cheap, but they can easily be swapped between different pairs of shoes for maximum usage, and they last at least a year or more. They can make the difference between a pair of shoes that just looks great and a pair that you really look forward to wearing all day.
The Market
Since then, I have dreamed the weirdest dreams. They have been incredibly intense. Two nights ago I awoke at 4AM and thought, "I can remember this dream. I don't have to write it down." I, of course, could not remember the dream the next day. I wrote what little I could remember in my journal and asked God to help me improve at waking up to write it down.
Because humans have a strong will to survive, I can only imagine some will do what ever it takes to get their basic necessities such as food, water and medicine. People are going to have to protect their goods even by lethal force if necessary. In many way's it will be like the old wild west. People will have to take the law into their own hands in order to protect themselves and their family.
Then I spent the rest of the afternoon vowing to never eat again.
Today was Ella's 1st day of school. This was the start of her second year at this preschool and it is just precious! We couldn't love it any more.
I do not want to take any legal drugs.
The three agonisers really add a lot to this mini, and so I wanted to give them all the attention they deserved. They were all painted before I put the palanquin on top of them, and so they’re all fully painted, even on the sides facing inwards. I really like the way they came out in the end; they just look absolutely horrible, as though they’ve been given the shortest end of the stick that anyone’s ever been given.
Place an order with me for $25.00+ during the month of May.
- Anger
“He was not that light, but was sent to bear witness of that light. That was the true light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world.”
What examples of deus ex machina work for you, and which ones don't?
Not jumping because they thought they could fly. They knew
I believe that television functions in this way regardless of the genre of the show: be it comedy, tragedy, or anything in between, the opinions that are most popular on television will affect the opinions of the real people watching. This idea would start to get in my head as I was watching shows like “Modern Family,” which, though a step ahead most shows by including a queer couple, points out their difference and uses it as the butt of so many jokes that at times I feel uncomfortable watching it, wondering what effect it might be having on my psyche, or that of those around me. With all this in mind, I hoped to use my archive project as an opportunity to explore how couples are portrayed in mainstream television. By collecting information that the most traditionally important networks have made easy to obtain—the idea behind this being that most people could come across this on their own even if they weren’t actively looking to tie it all together into larger themes—with some extra research I suspected that I could find insight into why it was that gender and sexuality seem so pointedly limited to stereotypes on television, and what that may mean about American culture as a whole.
SCREENPLAY
Wonderful Blog Givaway!
Startled, she whirled around and in a move I have seen guilty teenagers and drug users employ when caught red-handed with the goods, stared straight at me and quickly threw the branch behind her and back into the crushed flowers as if nothing had ever happened.
My favorite toy is...ZOO!! (He proceeded to draw a map of the zoo and placed each animal, including dinos, in cages.)
It took me everything in my power not to cry as I listened. Maeve was in my arms staring at the little girl and her pillow pet. I turned and said to her, "She likes your pillow pet, as she has the same one at home." Her mom responded "Yeah, we love those pillow pets. We have a bunch, right? and we always bring them with us here". The little girl smiled a small weak smile and nodded in agreement.
This all started back in June, when I was watching and admiring the creativity and artistry in some of my favorite music videos. After viewing them quite a bit, I realized that a few of these unique videos were actually not quite videos– but rather– composed of hundreds of pictures put together very quickly to the songs. Of course, after this discovery, I had to give it a try.
had a rough night last night, so I'm waking up (very slowly) to some very chilled out ambient music from Cork based musician Letter From Belgium. This is just what I need when my head feels like it's about to fall off, and the extensive use of synthesized sounds creates a very warm, comforting feel to the tracks.
Buy 3, Receive $4.50 Catalina ($1.50 savings per item)
I'm increasing my life expectancy
This passage does not negate the possibility that trade mark registration confers no positive right of use, but nor does it provide support for it. Moreover, Their Honours also observe that over the last century “the species of trade marks themselves have developed from one statute to the next”. Accordingly, a proposition that may have held true in 1907 will not necessarily be held applicable to the Trade Marks Act 1995 (Cth).
variable light off the input
XIII
That is, unless we mentally start cataloging other beers in similar categories, perhaps ranking the one we're currently enjoying against any number of historical drinks, measuring all relevant data points against BCJP standards and deciding how this one stacks up against the competition. At this point, "session" beer is just another meaningless beer geek term, where everything is analysis, consideration, and contemplation. Welcome to my world. So...regardless of their broader definitions, especially for this blog, a beer is still a beer in need of review.
Waking up in the morning freezing...crisp clean air. Oh I love it!!
Here’s the recipe (my version):
･LYNX 3D
brumsky
Senior Sabah Umno lawmaker Datuk Bung Mokhtar Radin, who is also the BN backbenchers’ deputy chief, added that the ruling party is “ready enough” to follow Najib who will lead BN into polls for the first time.
Slightly more grounded, I came to the conclusion that it wasn’t just for me now; it was for the coffeehouse, and I couldn’t let it down any more than those cheering people in my head. The coffeehouse needed me as much as I needed a bigger audience to encourage me, and the amphitheater, in all its glory, awaited. This was just the first step. I had to start somewhere.
At least that's what I keep telling myself:)
Sorry. I’m just being silly.
Winning awards, accolades, praise and no less than two sequels of diminishing qualities (other reviews for other times), RoboCop became a rarity in Hollywood - a variation on a theme that didn't feel like a variation on a theme. Instead, this felt more like... dare I say it?... an original. Oh, it was far from original, but when it comes to the world of entertainment, originality is measured in terms of entertainment value. And if that be the grading curve, this is a movie that delivers on all counts.
"Therefore submit to God, resist the devil and he will flee from you." James 4:7
Late morning, my Mum and sister came over to help get lunch on and open more presents and then Paul’s Mum joined us for our lunchtime meal. We kept things simple with turkey, ham, salad and potato bake followed by the most delicious lime cheesecake which my sister made. I was very grateful to my Mum, mother-in-law and sister for organising all the food for me.
My sister calls me a gypsy because of my days as a performer. This stems back to a time when I regularly worked fairs and festivals, including a brief engagement with a circus. I did this for nearly ten years with my two young boys in tow. How I miss it.
I miss you so much, but I know you don't miss us. You're part of the grandest celebration ever. You are whole, full, well, and joyful. You sing and dance and play on streets of gold, at the feet of Jesus. You are blessed. And you have the amazing joy of growing up in the presence of the Lord. You lack nothing, feel no pain, experience no sorrow. For all of this I am grateful.
"A classmate," my mother says. It was too expensive for her to fly down for the festivities, she explains a little sadly. "No one from his family went either -- too far to travel from Hong Kong." This latter excuse, we both know, is only half true; my father's parents rarely made much of personal achievements. These were to be expected rather than praised or celebrated, as he'd learned early on in his childhood.
“swasti prajAbhyah paripAlayantAm, nyAyEna mArgENa mahI mahIs’Ah : “Let there be good for the people and those who rule them, may the earth and its rulers walk in the path of justice”
But it was also a productive month, design-wise. Here are a few selections from last month’s work:
If you've read down this far, cool and thanks! There are things you could do to change the way X views school and ways in which you could make it easier for him to get through. There are always options! I mentioned this before and I stand by it, if you really want X to get through school you need to let him own the experience for himself and stop trying to make him perform to your standards. Whether he does well or not, it will be his choice, something he does for himself, not for you or anybody else. That is ultimately how all humans behave.
1 een
Dan shared that he has drawn everyday since when he was even younger than them and encouraged the children to create their own superheros (because they wanted to know how to draw Superman and Spiderman). Overall, this was a super-duper experience for all of us.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 13 by 9-inch glass baking dish with 2 teaspoons of the butter.
“You have these scientists taking ice-core measurements and reconstructing temperatures based upon tree-ring data,” said the Opposition leader, “But have they considered that the Son himself was alive at that time, and can tell us all about how hot it was?”
The reason I am sharing this is that this conversation came up again with some friends. We talked about how important it is to have your I.C.E. numbers in your phone directory, because you never know when you will not be able to tell someone who your husband or son is… that’s scary. They certainly would not know that Mike or Kevin in my list of contacts are related to me.
It's not all bad news for less-crowded states or cities. More-established technology fields still offer the chance to innovate without the need for such infrastructure.
The Pley Club, where the agents and prostitutes may have met.
Akari Shinohara: Hey… They say it’s five centimeters per second.
The song itself doesn't seem to follow in the same tone of the video. Just looking at the lyrics alone, it seems she is talking about a relationship in the song. However, with the video, the song takes on a whole new meaning about finding or trying to fit in or be accepted and then deciding not to fit in and do your own thing.
The letter concludes: "Therefore we suggest to let you solve first the real problems of the region, and then come back and share with us your experience. Have a nice flight."
10:55: Maryetta Ables begins to speak.
Possess the air
Bottom right ... 'Wedding Band'.
It smells like gangrene starting in a mildewed silo, it tastes like the wrath to come, and you absorb a deep swig of it you have all the sensations of having swallowed a lighted kerosene lamp. A sudden, violent jolt, of it has been known to stop the victim’s watch, snap his suspenders, and crack his glass eye right across — all in the same motion.If you’ve read my book and previous writing on the subject, you know that I champion good moonshine and those who make it — in truth, I dote on the stuff — but actual moonshine may not be purchased at liquor stores, through websites, or in other legal venues. Yet here we are: “moonshine” is on offer in stores across the country.
The IABF event was well-attended, and the format of alternating Royles reading from their work made for a lively opening half. They then had an informal chat, and took questions before signing their (own) books. Despite the frequently rather dark materials of the respective writers' work, the evening was light-hearted and very enjoyable. As always at the IABF, a good few friends and acquaintances were present as well.
No worries, I'll try turning on another light to see if the electricity catches....
Another cool discovery was the Traif Bike Geshefton on the Williamburg side of bridge. Their address is 99 South 6th Street between Bedford and Berry Street. Please note that they are open on Tue-Sun 10am-12am and only accept cash as a form of payment. If you happen to get a flat they have a pump for you to use BUT they also have a outside vending machine where you can buy a pump, tire repair kits,small u-locks etc Although they no longer rent bikes, if you were to catch a flat, this is the place to go for a repair. For Directions to Traif Bike Gesheft located at 99 South 6th Street click this link
They state that with Kallenbach, Gandhi shared a “rare intimacy.”
purposes)
Grayson and Doyle turned as one person to stare at the man standing beside their table. He was a grizzled, unkempt man clad in weather-worn, dirty buckskins and a hat that was battered and sweat-stained. He carried a faded military haversack slung over one shoulder and a rifle with muzzle pointed down in the crook of his arm. Grayson’s initial impression was mountain man then he thought again. The stranger more closely resembled the descriptions Grayson had read of Indian scouts who rode with the cavalry. Although the man was starkly out of place in the swank surroundings, he didn’t seem to notice, or more importantly, care.
KUALA LUMPUR: The PKR party election saga has taken a new twist with Padang Serai MP N. Gobalakrishan threatening to quit the party unless election irregularities are addressed.
JeffJew: Will you?
They are really fast and easy to make. And while you can certainly have them for dessert, they are perfect for breakfast or brunch as well. Bananas are so versatile!
Dean Koontz
"Of course he will," I said confidently. All false bravado on the outside, but inside, from my brain to my heart to my very soul, the wall I had so carefully constructed between my sanity and the word AUTISM came tumbling down. The rocks and bricks etched with denial fell and fell, leaving me bruised and battered.
Whoopee!
Well anyway, on to the winner! Congratulations entry number 977! :-)
In this case, the thoughts needed to go. And as in the song lyric I wrote above “I walked out that door, on my own”, it’s really saying that it has to be done that way. No one wants to be forced to leave a feeling they love. Whether it be good or bad, familiarly with love and those experiences are sometimes all we have to relate to that connection and what it was, or how it made us feel. Waking and leaving that, because of now it being ‘what you want’ – is a leap into an unknown room. A room that we never understand to always bring to us the next best thing.
In my youth I had an experience that has become a hallowed memory. Yes, my meeting and conversation with him was a touchstone to other writers I admired, but it was the man William Alfred himself, with his gentle, unassuming manner, his love of humanity, and his generosity of spirit, who has loomed large in my memory, for I had the privilege that day of being in the presence of a remarkable human being. He was a devout Catholic who lived his faith. He gave to the poor and he opened his home and heart to students. I would meet Alfred one last time, outside St. Paul. It was summer and he was wearing a seersucker suit and a straw hat that looked as if it had been run over by a truck. Twice. He smiled, shook my hand and asked whether I was well. I answered.
"I never expected them to because they have never run a business."
cutting board. With sharp serrated knife, slice logs 3/4-inch thick. Transfer cookies back to
The tide during a storm
Buttons & Baubles
Aside from that most food is safe. The difficult part is putting the red protein and blood into the diet, including when your child is at school.
16. i never eat anything for breakfast but fruit.
Stay the same weight, get heavier, lose weight, watch Final Destination III, and guess what? You're still going to die. Everyone dies in the long jog, no news there.
The Cathedral in Peterborough is a fascinating place, untouched by the 1970s developers (although I did learn from the wonderfully-named Mansell Duckett, who took me round, that Starbucks now occupy the building where ancient relics from Canterbury once lay, raising a farthing a head from passers-by to pay for the rebuilding of the Cathedral – not sure whether to say hats-off to Starbucks for getting another prime location; or bad marks to the council for letting the building go…).
I didn't start this blog in January 2010 with the end goal of being a nomadic blogger. I started it because I wanted change in my life. My dreary corporate job was sucking the life out of me. And all the time I wasn't working was spent recovering from working. It was a vicious cycle.
the Raven and the First Men
Now, surely the reason that Macy’s is so damn expensive is that this chain store is as old as the history of department stores themselves. I mean, the store that is able to put on the all-American Macy’s Day Parade each year that is so cherished by America, must be because they are selling higher cost, well made American products instead of importing from sweatshops overseas… Right?
Eyes: Tick: Tock Infinity base in Milky Way. Evil Shades The Naughty List used in outer crease and under outside portion of lower lid. ES The Arena used on lid and also used to blend crease color and up to brow. Black pencil liner on upper lid and water line, one coat black mascara.
So, merry Christmas. Everyone is settled all snug in their bed, at least one cat is happy that we're home and is rubbing himself all over us, and I'm drinking a little vino and Pod is enjoying some Anchor Steam holiday brew. It's kind of nice to be home.
Thomas A. Gardner, 39, Oceanside, N.Y.
The Khmer Rouge forced Muslims to eat pork, which they regard as forbidden (ḥarām). Many of those who refused were killed. (A similar policy was enacted in Maoist China, where Muslims were forced to breed pigs.)
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UPI) -- A 10-year research plan outlined by the White House will focus on how human economic activity influences climate change, the administration said.
Once we were little, then we grew and we grew -
tongue over lips,
Now the fate of all the submissions is known, as all the competitions have announced their results and the places that aren't competitions have responded. Sadly the Challenge came to a bit of an abrupt and disappointing end at the start of this week, as the last few outstanding stories were either rejected, or failed to place in their respective competitions. I'm usually fine with rejections but these came in a cluster that knocked the wind out of my sails a bit. After a couple of days of moping I have dusted myself off and taken stock of what the results of the Challenge actually were.
2) The X-transposed region is a relativly inert section that was transposed from the X to the Y.
have to queue for 48 hours to get a gallon of gas. They had a
My orders have been taking up my time over the last week or so no time for blogging. I'm up to date now with my orders now so I can make a serious start with my Christmas cards!!!! I'm starting with The Snowman. This year I'm going to use more stamped images and colouring them in using the Speccie pens. I've never had the confidence before but I'm getting more confident in using them now. I used two of the images from The Snowman stamps and decided to use the plate and stand card. The backing papers are off The Snowman CD Rom.
I think Steinbeck might be on target with the comment, "an outpouring of everything good in you...."
The other one is worse, the “I understand.”
In the last photo, I really couldn’t actually think of a title, so I just entitled it as “State of Oblivion.” The state of oblivion is something when you really couldn’t think of something, or you just forget everything.
Mistake #2. Noh Omar, Muhyiddin Yassin and Khairy Jamaluddin all rushed to her defence, but not one of them addressed the question above.
"Apparently, it's some sort of fish, called escolar but people also call it white tuna or butterfish. It has some thing in it similar to that shit that used to be chips. You know, that olestra crap?" he rambles.
Me: May 23 – May 29 and then back again June 13-17. I really tried to get out of going. I said I wasn’t going to the graduation. Didn’t matter. What I say doesn’t matter. No doesn’t mean no… never has, never will.
When I ran out of things to throw (I thought about throwing the hard plastic back scrubber, but at least had the sense not to do so) I went and got a fishing pole we had downstairs, and I got the wasp spray. (Why do we have a fishing pole and wasp spray downstairs? Wouldn't you like to know? Okay... Thing One won it in fishing tournament a few weeks ago. Thing Two won one too. The spray was outside.) I stood as close to the door as possible -good thing the door is right across from the window, and pushed the pole up under the blinds. The wasp peeked out. He peered at me. He was planning his attack. "Just a little closer, sucker!" I could hear him saying... Or so I thought. But "not-uh" was my answer! I poked a little more, and, it finally came out. It was then that I realized that I must've broken it's wings when I hit it. And of course I felt bad. Not bad enough to stop going after it though!
Editors know how much text there is on a double-spaced page. And yes, the gaps still give the editor space to write notes or comments for other staff to action.
We also wanted to acknowledge the Ring Master (Andie the birthday boy) so we created these Ring Master face mustache sucker holders. We placed a chocolate mustache in the center for the favor.... "The sensational CIRCUS Spectacular presents Andie's Birthday!"
Over the last 18 years of ministry I have seen the need for the church’s ministry to men. And I’ve seen a lot of versions of what’s called, “men’s ministry” as an effort to meet those needs. Among these efforts are activities such as…
Fifty Shades of Fame
Jonah quickly undoes the chains on his boots and throws one end to Batman and then pulls Batman to safety. Batman states that they need to talk a few things over.
Ava talks a bit about the Calusa's and then says:
Winners will be anounce by August 5th and the giftcard will be mailed by August 10th.
At SUNY Oswego, Quest is our annual celebration of research and creative activity, where classes are canceled for the day and hundreds of sessions (mostly student-run) showcase the academic core of our college. For some, it means a day off to party (and/or to do so the night before), but for our serious student scholars, it’s a day they work very hard toward. It’s not as easy to cover as, say, a hockey game, but it represents the lifeblood of learning. So giving it big social media coverage — even if some would say it’s not “sexy” — is worth doing.
It's a recipe he's worked on steadily, tweaking things here and there. The secret is in the chilli oil, slowly infused with bay leaves, onions and spices. The mussels are a revelation too, radiant with natural flavour and still soft and supple in the mouth.
We just got in a few hours ago, and I'm pretty beat. But just wanted to say that this last week spent traipsing across the western portions of the Caribbean was a blast! Lisa and I had tons of fun, tons of sun . . . and tons of FOOD! Oink, oink!
It’s a mythical made up being very much like our new God-SNIP! (Better stop there before I get some fundamental Christians hunting me down via my IP address).
1.) (August 7) “How about the defense attorneys shutting up.”
Any collection that comes out after the release of this notecard is also acceptable.
You’re the Prince Charming I’ve always dreamed about. You’re the Boricua in my cup of tea. You’re my tamale, my chorizo, my empanada. Together we’ll build a home on Long Island or Staten Island. I’ll stay home and make the babies. I’ll pour your coffee in the morning, clip your toenails in the afternoon, and watch you belch after dinner.
13 found
January O’Neil: The question is what’s not happening. We are going to three days instead of two—Friday, Saturday, Sunday-- April 20 to 22. Salem is a great city and they are experienced hosts—they have been a tourist attraction for many years, and can handle this event easily. We will also have events Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights—as well as the day—of course. We will probably do a kickoff event at Salem State University, and the Peabody Essex Museum is even getting more involved this year. We will have quite a few events and exhibits happening there and we are glad they are letting us use their space. They have a really wonderful Native American art exhibit and we have a Native American poet feature: Joy Harjo I expect we will have 1500 people attend the festival over the three days.
One place to get it already compiled is here:
I recently asked her how her Bible got so battered. She just shrugged. French said: “Tell him your system Rose.” She just shrugged again. Rose is so shy. French said: “Rose reads the Old Testament once a year, and the New Testament twice, she also reads all of Proverbs once a month”. Turns out that this has been her system for over twenty years. That certainly accounts for the state of her Bible.
He jumps back, and looks at me like I was holding a body part in my hand.
Memories are funny. At first it is photographic, then it becomes nuanced and filtered through the person you have become. I remember being choked up but have no memory if any tears left my eyes. And for once I wasn’t acting like a hellion on the diamond. I was humbled, went 2 for 3 with 2 doubles and threw a guy out trying to stretch a double into a triple. I sat the final inning.
1 generous pound chicken breasts, chopped to 1/2-inch pieces
Shoulder to shoulder
But it seems the one area everyone is drawn to this year is the reptiles house - which, this month, is the home of the world's most unusual snake, Mince.
After two days, I had to high-tail it out.
This recipe is Scandinavian with spicier approach. I swear it is the best recipe for Cinnamon rolls, and so far it has been a secret one…. But I’ve decided to finally share it and spread some cinnamon love… Hope you enjoy!
You can get this game for X Box live, PC, or the iphone, but really I'd suggest it for the PC simply because you can have better precision for the minigames, which are almost as addicting as the actual game.
Am Roses is giving away 2 prizes!
“I’m not getting paid as much as I used to, there is just not enough work, and I am never home.” –Lordsburg, NM—Love’s Gas and Travel Center
Little man is still cruising along the furniture. If surgery doesn’t slow him down at all, I still anticipate that he’ll be walking by Christmas. He gets braver every day and works out those muscles constantly. He’s always pushing himself to balance and stand on anything and everything. (Does anyone understand my anxieties about being in the PICU yet?) My mom’s living room is set up perfectly for him. We had to put a baby gate around the Christmas tree, but surprisingly it isn’t obnoxious-looking, and we block off the living area with the couches and ottomans so Skip has a nice big area to play in every day.
But the best part of the day (I’m saving best for last), was (forgive me for not thinking the community service aspect was best, but I guess I’m a tad selfish), the last part of the day. I heard the “Emily” (I won’t use her real name) telling German that I was really helpful and doing a great job. To which he responded, “You hear that? You’re already getting praised. Keep up the good work.” I blushed a bit (hopefully he didn’t see) and thanked him. Yes, I was praised. Fresh, clean, warm, welcoming praise. On my third day at my first experience in the administrative world. For now, I’ll give myself a pat on the back and continue working hard because I don’t want to get ahead of myself here, but praise never feels bad. That’s the way I see it.
He is clothed with a robe dipped in blood, and His name is called The Word of God.
I was a little nervous Tinkerbell wouldn't cut very well, since I've heard the Disney images are sometimes difficult to work with, buy my Imagine did really well. The only thing I had a hard time with was the blue in her eyes, which was impossibly small, so I just substituted paper with stickles. This week over at Birthday Sundaes the challenge was to make a birthday card, so I'm going to enter this as my entry!!! Thanks for stopping in!!
London's beer world is at my feet. Better get dressed then. Ideas welcome. It's still a while until opening time.
“Polar bears live in Greenland,” replied Tybalt.
I must stand on a chair
Wang’s works are always popular in foreign countries, especially in France, because of his artistic approach.
It’s been said it only takes 6 seconds for someone to make a first impression of you. Why waste the first 6 seconds of your speech apologizing? To create a strong introduction, the first words out of your mouth should be your hook. Use a story, an unexpected quote or statistic, a multimedia clip, or an interactive game to encourage audience participation. Never EVER start with an apology.
Plantronics GameCom 777 Surround Sound Gaming Headset: Your Online Gaming Ally!
HHS-CDC NEWS: Influenza Vaccination of Healthcare Personnel: Recommendations of the Healthcare Infection Control Practices Advisory Committee and the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices. Ann Pharmacother 2006 Mar; 40: 587.
This cyclical ritual of bloodletting always prompts two questions: "Who started it?" and "Whose is bigger?" It's as if both questions were straight from some preschool playground. The response to the first question is always mired in uncertainty, while the answer to the second is always razor-sharp.
The British left is, of course, not a homogenous unit in any way shape or form, and much of the British left were and still are very critical of the undemocratic and totalitarian nature of the Stalinist regimes. Whilst at the same time explaining that the economic system, the planned economy, was something worth defending. In such an anti-historical move Laporte chooses to omit this, as well as omitting the human rights abuses of capitalist states, including those of the British government at the time and the violence dished out to the miners.
VIVIENNE: I’m allergic to animals too, but I grew up with dogs.
14 within
Flowers : Coventry Rose Printery, Coventry Rose Alla Prima - All by Prima Marketing
Weyermann Cara Munich III 12 oz.
*build vocabulary related to animals
3. Take a picture and post it with your review and the directions, recipe, etc.
Row 2- ch1, (working BLO), sc in each dc, do not join.
There was no sleeping last night, and I will stumble around today with Uncle-Fester-esque circles under my eyes. I will also most likely be a bit ill-tempered with sleep deprivation. But as I write this, my elderly Golden Retriever is wrapped around my feet, not seeming to mind the awkward orthopedic boot under her head, not seeming to mind that I wouldn’t let her on the couch with me last night. She is sleeping, not a worry in the world.
…Media propaganda has laid the ground for what may well be Obama’s next war. On December 14, researchers at the University of West England published first findings of a 10-year study of the BBC’s reporting of Venezuela. Of 304 BBC reports, only three mentioned any of the historic reforms of the Chávez government, while the majority denigrated Chávez’s extraordinary democratic record, at one point comparing him to Hitler.
The McManus Club had questioned whether these large luxury high rises—particularly Manhattan Plaza would be able to attract tenants in these locations. However, to protect the rest of Hell’s Kitchen from wholesale development of the type that had wiped out lower middle class neighborhoods on the East Side of Manhattan, the representatives of the community acting through the Clinton Planning Council (on which McManus Club representatives were significantly in evidence) sought to have the City enact a Clinton Special District in which no building of more than seven stories could be built. 7 Deputy Mayor John Zucotti agreed, once he could assure the Mayor that McManus supported the plan.
Comment in:
4 tbsp. unsalted butter, softened
If your childhood was anything like mine, it included that biscuit-coated choc-dipped caramel ice cream, the Golden Gaytime. Back then, a Gaytime was an innocent iced confection, said without today's requisite eyebrow raise.
She noted that the prince was rarely seen in the banks of cove these days, in place of him the cove banks were frequented by loveliest maidens.
I messed up on my diet for the whole week pretty much. Grabbing crappy cafeteria food and junk to fill my belly up . I felt bloated and so gross the whole time. Hubby is home now and I'm get back on track with making menus and sticking with them. Look for them on Sunday again.
“Not promising the earth and failing to deliver, but practical changes that could happen now.
To me, this novel reads like ‘serious’ chick-lit. If you like chick-lit and an easy read then this is just one step up from that. It’s certainly not a literary novel so if that’s what you like then stay away from this. I disliked most of the characters – I found Sarah especially unlikeable for several reasons – she has an affair throughout her marriage, she has no remorse for the death of her husband, the way she talks is highly irritating and she seems to have no ability whatsoever to make a decision for herself, and the ones she does have are completely ridiculous i.e taking her son to Nigeria after all the trouble she had there last time! The dialogue throughout the novel is dreadful and wooden and there were just so many unbelievable and unrealistic parts to the plot that I just got somewhat frustrated with it. For example; this gang of men who murdered an entire village for the sake of oil are not going to keep one or two of them alive if one man cuts of his finger – they are often ruthless and have no empathy for anyone’s life – all it take’s is one girl’s word to bring them down and expose what they did to her village. It just wouldn’t happen.
Very few Christians of the 21st century would see such matters in the same terms that they were seen by Christians in the Middle Ages or in the first century AD.
Seems to me now
The dedication of the Cole’s current crew is impressive:
Whether you are planning to visit the City of Light or just want to take a little cyber-eander through the gastronomical landscape of Pareeee, this little guide has been compiled to ensure you side-step the nasty touristy restaurants and eat where the locals eat.
I guess what I've learned from this is 'never say never'. You can even be published a year or two after you've submitted something.
God blesses tose who are hungry and thirsty for justice,
But maybe we can find something in the middle? We're definitely going to want to compromise so we're both happy with and proud of the end result, but it's a small kitchen, so finding the balance between open and closed cabinetry could be tricky. Here's one idea I've noticed recently, with a pair of cabinets flanking an open shelf over a sink or range. That gets me a little openness and display area and him a few closed uppers.
But the stuff they have is not the point and this is why.
The Brain is logic and rational on its left side, intuitive and creative on its right side; emotional and sensitive in its limbic system; and coordinates the automatic reactions and vibratory patterns from the stem located at the top of the spine. The Brain is one of the most complex organs ever created by nature, not only in human beings but in every being.
Love the amount of 3M loot. Really did NOT like the shirt, though... you can probably guess why. Not something I plan to wear around town as it could be easily misinterpreted.
For social moms who prefer paper to texting or emailing (that’s me!), here’s a little calling card humor. You can get a set 25 fully customizable cards for $30, so be creative and have fun! Complete collection on Minted.
- Shampoo
Remember to follow up. At the end of every conversation, make sure you get a business card from those who you talked to and even those who you weren’t able to. This will be a good way to follow-up with them if you wanted to have a conversation but there wasn’t enough time. Ask them what the best way to contact them would be. Some people like phone, email or even social media, such as LinkedIn. Get in touch within 48 hours to ensure they remember who you were and remind them of the conversation you had.
So here're part one, at C. M. Brown's and part two, at Lara Schiffbauer's, of Paper Canvas Tapestries Collaborations, in which our two heroines find themselves in a frightening hallway in the middle of a windstorm, and one has just been attacked by a sunflower. Or so it seems...
Dr. Graves official website www.boydgraves.com will continue on-line as a resource for readers posting news about the continuing legal work, his legacy and as a method to allow others affected by HIV/AIDS communicate, network and contribute to Dr. Graves' legal fund/endowment dedicated to continuing his life's work and legacy.
Round 19: Knit 1 knit 2 tog, knit 2 tog, knit 1. (4 stitches)
The pace of our current lives, in which we are experiencing escalating change in the world and in systems around us, appears to dictate that we act in opposition to our inner process and higher principles. A crisis of purpose emerges, in which many feel unready to effect the necessary changes, in the face of evermore evident and unsustainable contradictions.
The surviving animals have been held at the Columbus Zoo.
The practice is perfectly legal, state and federal education officials say. But some critics say this allows existing schools to collect extra money instead of promoting new start-ups.
Bruce Wilson – My father was an appliance wholesaler and would bring me home refrigerator boxes out of which I would make houses. I would fashion doors, windows and window boxes and fill them with flowers from the garden. By the time I was 11 or 12, mother entrusted me to decorating the house choosing carpet, wall colours, furniture & fabric art and accessories.
Thanks for all you taught me.
“This is called Passage to Hell. It’s an addictive smell, very spicy and womanly. I usually wear it at night. And I guess I wear it pretty often, because it’s totally empty.”
I also made this desert which was so incredible. Unfortunately it has lots of butter and brown sugar. Not something I need to eat much of. However they are really good! Since I am not much of a cook I believe if I can do these recipes most anyone sure can too! Here is a picture of mine.
You are 20 months and 4 days old today. TWENTY months. I'm shocked by the sound of that. You're well on your way to being two. Two! My baby! TWO!
“There's a lot of difference” Daniel said. He was going to continue but instead he just sighed and sat down himself. He leaned back in his chair before sitting forward again, leaning against his desk. “So what are you here for anyway?”
For what’s it worth, I have experienced some adversity and believe me, it isn’t that fun when you’re in the middle of it..
Once again New Mexico’s Best Ghost Towns: A Practical Guide by Philip Varney (1981, Northland Press) provided not just information but inspiration, as well. LEGENDS OF AMERICA has a pretty in-depth piece on Elizabethtown and some great historic photos, as well. I tried my best to separate fact from fiction based on the accounts I read, but things get hazy down through the ages. If anyone has anything to add, please do.
And no matter what it's like there,
I had a slight rash, but it disappeared by the time I got to work. My mornings are always a bit frenzied, but I really need to start reading the labels on household items -- especially when I'm in a rush. There was also that time I accidentally doused a jacket with Lysol, thinking it was Febreeze. A good laugh, but at this rate, it's only a matter of time before I start a fire.
Writers, be aware of the issues that can arise if you agree to a commission.
Libyan immigration authorities would grant a visa on arrival, and there would be no need for translation to Arabic of their passports.
Terrorists are cowards. Whenever terror has struck in any part of the world, we have heard people say that it is an act of cowardice. A coward runs away from action but harbors all negative feelings and does it surreptitiously.
feel good about what you can accomplish,
- Scouting pinterest
The godfather of Drum and Bass, Andy C is confirmed to headline The Kane FM presents Funky End Dance Tent on Saturday 14th July. Regarded as one of the greatest DJs ever to touch a turntable, Andy C has been instrumental in the development of the Drum and Bass genre across the globe, since first playing out at events at almost two decades ago.
One REALLY GREAT silver lining is we have an AH-MAZING behavior consultant!! Before we "knew" about Joe, and before we got Jacks extension on his hours (which was ALL done by her!!! And btw almost unheard of!!!), she offered her services for free. At least until he went to Kindergarten. And I would like to add that he is going to mainstream Kindergarten this next year!! Thanks to her! And then she reminded me she would ALWAYS be a phone call away, if I needed her advice! These kinds of services are about $100 an hour or more!! Which of course insurance wants nothing to do with!! And Jack got 30 hours a week when he first started, but now that he's 5 it's 20 hours a week. And as of tomorrow, he is no longer receiving HER services. The extension only went to the end of April. But now we get to keep her cause we are starting with Joe!
Yes and no. If it was just about God being the creator, self-organization (putting necessity into evolution) would be an widely accepted long ago as an alternative that would be discussed and reported by secular media outlets and secular science journals. But according to militants, the public is not smart enough for them and fear it might sway public opinion even further away from evolution.
And for me, the best and most beneficial part of the book is the first half where he talks about the mental blocks to weight loss. He talks about how weight loss is 80% mental and 20% physical and for me, and I know many others, the hardest part is getting past those mental barriers we have created. He has chapters talking about being honest with where you really are with your weight and how you got there, setting realistic goals, motivations, temptations, positive attitudes, eating right and rewarding yourself. There are actually questions you answer in the journal you keep for each of these chapters. It is actually very revealing as even though I knew all these things, just writing them down made me think about all the issues with weight, self-image, and motivation that I have. I know that the ONLY thing stopping me from losing weight is myself and I really need to get past some of these issues I have to move forward.
Outside of writing, and touring and promotional commitments, what do you really like to do, leisure and activity-wise?
And, as if there is need of another reason to do this, of course there is this from Crosby, Stills and Nash:
Have these so-called representatives of the people no shame or has BN become so utterly and helplessly corrupt, that these YB’s have lost sight between what is right and wrong and no longer bother to hide their misdeeds?
A man came into my shop on August 8th, introduced himself as Peter, said his son had bought a vehicle from my brother-in-law that my shop had done a safety for. His son had paid my brother-in-law $2500 and the car had died less than one week after he bought it. He explained it had come back, my brother-in-law had taken forever to do the repairs, wasn’t returning phone calls, etc. but that his son got the car back and then it totally died a second time and now it was the engine was completely seized.
So just to remind you, if you spend over £100 on Wooden Raised Beds before Midnight on Monday 26th March, we’ll send you a FREE 3.5 ltr tub of Slug Gone with our compliments.
A cut made by the router.
Notable among these was Eva Tanguay, whose Salome has eclipsed Hoffman’s in the popular memory, due to the fact that she stripped down to almost nothing and made love to John the Baptists’ severed head. Another notable one was the female impersonator Julian Eltinge. And not too long ago, the Countess and I watched Alla Nazimova’s 1923 silent film version. The latter is a spectacle both beautiful and bizarre, with designs by Natacha Rambova evoking Aubrey Beardsley original sketches. The theoretical centerpiece, however, the Dance of the Seven Veils, is curiously boring and anti-erotic. The film tanked at the box office, though Nazimova was one of the great actresses of her age.
He won’t be denied
Joseph Breham, the French lawyer who is representing Suaram, has allegedly uncovered kickbacks to Malaysian politicians for the purchase of two Scorpene class submarines. He has said that “the money trail will lead to the culprits”.
“That could have been an act,” Brian stressed. “And even if it wasn’t, it doesn’t mean anything in the end.”
Finally, after weeks of boredom I went to the video store alone and rented ILSA: SHE WOLF OF THE S.S. (1975). Getting home, and putting it in my VCR quickly, I couldn’t wait to see what this movie was all about. By the time the film was over, my jaw slapped against the floor, my body convulsed in a ‘oh my god’ discovery and my eyes exploded out of my head in pure exploitation astonishment. ILSA: SHE WOLF OF THE S.S. provided me a cinematic self combustion that I still haven’t recovered from all these years later. Today, I still consider the film to be the most bizarre and important over the top exploitation film ever released in the United States. It’s a filthy, raw extremely exaggerated sadistic story with comic book nuances and sexual escapism and I love every damn bit of it all these years later.
Back when my dad worked at the National Labs, many of his coworkers came from all over the globe. Highly educated engineers, physicists, and scientists from Germany, Poland, China, India, or Russia all found important work to do in their fields alongside Americans from across the country. No matter their religion, when December came around in the '70s, there was an office Christmas Party, complete with Santas everywhere, angels and reindeer, and songs about glorifying the savior's birth. Christianity was assumed, but if you were Jewish, Hindu, Buddhist, or Muslim you came to the party anyway, because you were expected to or just to celebrate the spirit of the season (and there was free food!). In the time before political correctness, expecting a nod toward any non-Christian religion at a mainstream office party was too much to hope for.
And finally, in our master bedroom we created artwork made from our children's birth dates. Also extremely inexpensive and yet priceless. I simply printed out the dates on the computer.
They drank from the shooting stars of the milky-way and hymned
Who gives a rat's tiny, hairy ass about what this guy says about anyone?! Is the military so invested in the opinion of some rapper who is looking to sell a song that, (from what I gathered reading the lyrics) has NOTHING to do with the actual military? The song is presumably about how he is living his own life, and it's awesome, and he makes his own choices. The line might even only serve to make the rhyme work. Is he a powerful social or political figure? I think we'd all be a little more upset if, oh, I don't know, Leon Panetta (the Secretary of Defense) said something like "fuck the military." Google and read any of Soulja Boy's other lyrics, and tell me if you are willing to give a crap about the statements of someone who has a song called "Booty Meat."
Explore these wine tasting hot-spots on one of our personalized travel itineraries. Call our travel specialists for more information!
Please understand that the same things don't work for each person and there is much trial and error. I will do my best to remember what we've tried, what's worked, and what hasn't. Again, I am not an expert, but rather I'm a mom to three daughters, two of whom have SPD.
to scan the heavens at last.
The picture that is actually on the site doesn't seem to reflect reality much. It looks more gray than blue and you can tell that the colors are wrong because they obviously used the same mannequin for the sax version and for the brown version but the mannequin with the sax version is kind of a way darker reddish gray than all of the other ones. It seems like the colors haven't been adjusted properly for this one only and I wonder if it has to do with the fact that they are all sold out right now except for the sax and red ones.
Use only the very tender heart leaves of either the wild or cultivated dandelions and shred by cutting with a very sharp scissors. Cabbage is best shredded by using a very sharp, thin bladed knife. Combine all ingredients and toss lightly with horseradish dressing. 4 servings.
I recently read again ‘The Time Traveler’s Wife’ and fell in love with the impeccable story telling style of Audrey Niffenegger. This book appeals to the hopeless romantic in me and it is such a beautiful love story though presented as a complicated fiction too, and how I wish I had met my DH when I was 5 years and hold on, I like that part but do not want the time traveling boy friend part though, in my real life. I just can’t believe how patiently she stays behind and waits for him to come back every time. It is a LOVELY tale and my brief summary can do no justice to the story. I cant wait for S to grow old enough to read this book!
“These people evacuated a man from the burning car, two bodies are laying there now and three or four other victims were evacuated from the school,” said Ahmad Zia, a resident who saw the explosion.
Before moving on to the second round, the four contestants sang in a group of two. After their awkward duet last week, Phillip and Joshua were paired again to sing “This Love” by Maroon 5.
Dogfish Head Craft Brewery Red & White
Thank you very much for visiting this blog. It has been close to a year since I last post ...
“The Tourist Board gave him the address of our guest house and he arrived clutching the original hand-written diary and about 15 entries he had already translated into English himself.
That would almost match
These last few weeks have been pretty crazy! I had finals, so I haven’t been able to update this blog lately. This week I am staying in Tokyo, so I am going to catch up on my blog at night.
The article gives us a full curriculum on the amazing blessings of social media, including all the usual stuff -- "cultural curation", "lines of conversation","avenues of authenticity." (Strangely, however, nothing about congressmen tweeting pictures of their weenies.)
If you are new here, or if you have found these posts interesting, I would love to hear from you! Please do say 'hi' in the comments. I will upload a PDF of this post soon.
Why, yesterday's white man was nothing less than the flag-waving Christ of Western civilization — our gallant, pink-cheeked warrior who, in the steel-cage tournament for world domination, bodyslammed all five hundred pounds of Japan, made Mother Russia submit to his figure-four leglock, and put Germany down for the count with an elbow off the top turnbuckle. Now, he can't even wear the pants in the family on a shitty sitcom. Now, his only ticket to racial redemption is falling in love with Halle Berry or taking dance lessons from Will Smith. Now, he's little more than the vampire in the mirror of twenty-first century pop culture — with the once-resonant boom of his decades of musical sophistication and cinematic innovations reduced to a mere fart in a multicultural windstorm.
Eczema (and/or psoriasis?) – This is something I’ve had since before I can remember. I think there was a brief reprieve in like my Junior year of high school (I think it was then) but basically my neck, my arms and legs have always had this. As of right now, I think because of the detox I’m still going through, it’s at an all time high and people are questioning if it’s really eczema or if it’s psoriasis or something worse. It’s on my legs, arms, hands, neck, face and torso and it’s really painful! I’m having to resist scratching nearly every minute and sometimes scratch without realizing that I am scratching. My next appointment with my nutritionist is the Monday after next (April 2nd) so I’m going to try and hold out until then, maybe it will have started to clear up. I have no idea how long my body needs to detox but if it continues to get worse, I may call them and see if I can be seen sooner. I’ve been told my entire life that my eczema is an immunodeficiency problem and that it’s hereditary. I have a difficult time believing that as, as best as I can tell, it’s not appeared in our family before. The only ancestor with a known skin issue was my paternal grandmother’s paternal grandfather, who died of pellagra in the 1920s (a time when death from pellagra, caused by a deficiency in Niacin, B3 vitamin, was rampant among poor Southerners). My theory, and most people I know reject this idea, is that eczema is a sign of a functional immune system (not a deficient one) and that it’s pushing toxins out. I think the reason that me, and a sibling, were the first to experience it in our families was because of the new generation of vaccines given to kids in the late 1970s and since then. I’m not confident in the safety of vaccines anymore because of the number of junk items, like mercury, they put in them. I’ve seen eczema in all three of my kids and am working hard to ensure they don’t end up with it for their entire lives as well. Another probable cause is the types of foods we were eating back then until now. Highly processed, white grain products and lots and lots of sugar and HFCS (high fructose corn syrup). We also grew up in a house of smokers and I also smoked from about the age of 17 until 23 (with a couple of relapses since, last one being 2008). If my theory is correct, then once my detox is done, I shouldn’t have any more eczema issues again…. ever…. (my first exposure to that alternative theory about eczema was: http://eczemacure.info/ – I don’t necessarily recommend everything there, though I am slowly but surely headed towards paleo diet but it was the first time I considered that it was not a genetic disease). I currently take Benadryl some nights to help me be able to sleep without scratching myself excessively, but that’s not ideal either, obviously.
In case you missed these videos, here they are:
Like many places in the U.S, this whole township was founded, by my terms, approximately yesterday, it rings to the sound of saws and hammers, crews of hispanic workers were eating their lunch in whatever shade they could find as I wandered by with my camera. For some reason, I didn't take many photographs, though I was fascinated by the mish-mash of styles. One moment you're wandering past a New-England sea-captain's house, full, I'm sure of sea-chests, carved narwhal tusks, and paintings of whale ships hunting Moby Dick.
Hope you all had a lovely Valentine's Day with your loved ones and feel free to remind your guys from me 'just because you say you're not getting me anything, in advance, doesn't mean that when you don't get me anything that you won't be in trouble'!
He looks down on me, as if I am just now a ghostly memory
Instead, the group moved itself in, wrecked the place, and made a hard situation even worse for a single father who actually owned the East New York home and was trying to save it from foreclosure.
Cops are hunting the abusive motorist after a cadet noted down his registration plate details.
Wal-Mart and Costco have shifted their private-label eggs to 100 percent cage-free. Unilever, which uses 350 million eggs a year in its Hellmann’s mayonnaise brand, is switching to 100 percent cage-free. Others, such as chain restaurants Sonic, Subway and Ruby Tuesday and manufacturers such as Kraft Food and ConAgra Foods, are incorporating some percentage of cage-free eggs in their products.
‘Mandatory retirement is not a policy I endorse. As long as someone is healthy and interested in working, he or she should stay on the job. The intelligence and experience of older people can be a tremendous asset.’
Overall, I highly recommend Real Mermaids Don't Wear Toe Rings. It's a great MG book and will appeal to some YA readers as well. ​
It's been a great time so far, and I've met so many wonderful and patriotic volunteers who have given their time and effort to this cause. We've met veterans, teachers, laborers, nurses... so many people, each of them with their own reasons for getting involved and putting their sweat behind this campaign. These people make me so proud to be an American, and so grateful for our freedom and our Constitution.
The Milagro Beanfield War
Hoping to give you more happy posts,
In the month of April we acquired a new property in Portland, and I put together fifty paperwhite bulbs for our clients to go with the tag-line come grow with us. (you can see a version of the project that I bootlegged for the blog here). It turns out the flowers sprout pretty fast, so in addition to writing contracts and answering phones, I was tending a little garden everyday. My office has no windows - since those are needed for hotel rooms - and the plants started to get wiltey from lack of sunlight. Taking care of them obviously made me form an attachment and I couldn't just let my plant babies die! So, our chief of engineering let me set up a little habitat for them in the grand suite which was being renovated.
3:53pm Race Finishes after last rider Begin awards ceremony
On some Saturdays, I love to lay around and be lazy. I like to stay in my pjs and not shower or put make up on or do my hair. I get up a minimum of five days a week and do my hour and a half morning routine and I get tired of doing it. So I should be able to take a day off from that and just be myself, yes?
11And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became wormwood; and many men died of the waters, because they were made bitter.
Things have gotten done though, slowly and piecemeal, sometimes not to the expectation I had hoped but I’m (still) learning that in parenthood “OK” can be okay.
Urban Governorates = Cairo, Alexandria, Port Said, and Suez (no rural population)
Did you ever fall “UP” the stairs…well Sunday I took one of those stupid tumbles…needless to say it ended with a few days in bed with my legs up (my knees didn’t like the fall at all…actually these screamed with pain…but a few ( a lot) of pain killers and I am doing better !)
If we hadn't been being quiet for sleeping people, I probably would have had music on, but we were being quiet.
So we’d want to give more power and control to people even without these political scandals. We’d want to reduce the power of the executive and increase the power of Parliament even if politics hadn’t fallen into disrepute.”
In one way, I must have been relieved, (as it could obviously not be an intruder), because I grabbed the handle of the door, yanked it open, and then proceeded to stare in shock and surprise at a tiny mouse. He/she and I stared at each other for what seemed like minutes, and as if it was choreographed, both of us started running into door, walls etc... I don't know who was more alarmed. I am pathetic! This is a girl who can take a proper bruise without too much fuss, and I freak out at a mouse!!!!! Should I ever be questioned about this, I shall swear it was a large hairy rat...
storms: Yes- told she whines during storms. Also that she barks during thunder, rain, or other loud noises
I feel that way right now; I have a goal, a plan to get there but I also have a wish that I do ACTUALLY get there. Good thing, too. I have 7 months until my goal race and I have a goal time for it that is faster than my projected finish time, not by much but it is faster.
"Oh yes." He says seriously , "In fact i tripped you."
Here's the deets peeps....you'd better try it...you'll thank me.
Hop over to FOR THE LOVE today to enter for a chance to win a copy of Geared for Guys! Lou is AMAZING. Take a moment to scroll through some of her work and be sure to check out her patterns.
Just something i was thinking about
SH: Yep.
it felt like an eternity.
‘British’ Bread and Butter Pickles.
**I subbed in honey for agave because I didn’t have agave, skipped the garam masala, and used coconut oil in place of vegetable oil. I also kept the dried fruit out completely as I thought it would make the granola soft. I add raisins or apricots when I eat it.
The fourth season of Funimation's orange bricks, this sports wide screen format from the original full screen presentation. If you can't handle that, you may want to pass on this one. It also has the infamous blurred line that appears during some rumbling and flashing scenes. Doesn't happen often but when it does, it sticks out like a sore thumb. You can watch with the Japanese score with the Japanese dialogue subtitled, though it isn't the best audio quality. There's also the option to view it with English voices and the Japanese soundtrack or with English voices and the American score. Some very nice options to have.
A series of powerful earthquakes rattled Indonesia on Wednesday, killing three people, triggering landslides and demolishing dozens of homes. A tsunami warning sent panicked residents fleeing buildings to high ground. The 7.0 magnitude quake was centered 18 miles beneath the ocean floor and 125 miles off the northern coast of Papua province, the U.S. Geological Survey said. It was accompanied by a series of strong aftershocks, the highest measuring 6.4.
Tina spends much of the picture pining away for the love she lost, though she never really had it. Her efforts to help the stricken Gretchen eventually collide with Dennis’ romantic overtures, though whether it is her, Gretchen, or the combination of her looks and Gretchen’s wealth he’s really interested in, is unclear, at least to Tina. Much is unclear to Tina. What’s clear to us is that Tina’s dilemma—easily solved if even one character chose to be candid—seemed boring even to Goodrich and Marion.
That's only partly true - I worked on it for a week, and got so frustrated that this project has been lying on my bench, absolutely untouched, for over a week now.
The director and actors really nail their roles and depict their failings without over dramatics and which make their connection actually quite sweet. Really a charming little film.
But some deus ex machina works, in my opinion:
There are so many more options, this is just a tiny sample of shrubs which flower between February and May, but as with any new planting it’s important to understand your site conditions to make sure you get the right plant for the job. If you would like any help designing a planting scheme to include spring flowering trees and shrubs for next year, we’d love to help.
Artist: Harold Ousley
11. I prefer movies about space travel – False – In fact I avoid movies with the word “Star” in the title. I don’t know an Ewok from a Tribble, and I’m fine with that.
Yet the media continue to report progress as a fact.
On the Island, the legs are freestanding, so the caps needed to be all the way around the legs. In this case, there was a seam along one side. We glued around the bottom of the leg, then opened the caps up enough to get them around the leg, then pressed into place...
Sort & Paste - I use shape punches to cut out a variety of shapes in different colors. The kids sort and glue them onto a sorting mat. They can choose to sort by shape or color. Here is my Sorting Mat.
Her father did not lift his head, heavy, it seemed, and his shoulders slacked with burden. His eyes seemed almost vacant, filled only with a gray twinge of despair. Only his continued silence answered her.
Gopal, her best friend from class five and when at 17 he expressed his feeling to her couple of times, and every time she changed the topic (Girl’s are obviously the best topic changer). On other hand Gopal always lived with a lots of expectations and one day he comes to know she said yes to their school time friend Raghav. He couldn’t accept this turmoil and failed miserably in next exams and screws his career.
Obama is again following Bush Jr. policy, and one wonders if the LEFTISTS will cry foul.
More posts to come soon! I’ve been in and out of town a lot these past few weeks so I have everything from photos and even a video from my Pop’s 70th birthday, photos from Port Rexton, Ellison, Bonavista, Bonaventure, and St. John’s to go up as well! I actually think I’ve taken more photos in these past few weeks than I have since I’ve gotten my camera. SO nice to be out of school and shoot for fun : )
The truth is that unless you are some really cool exception, your release day is pretty darned quiet. Most launch parties and tours happen after the fact, and most people won't read your book until after it's out. So while there may be a little bit of hype on that huge release day (special thanks to anyone who helps spread news about the book today!), I've found that any time a book of mine is officially out there, it always feels a bit anticlimactic. This is silly since I don't expect much anyway, but I think it feels that way because it is a HUGE FREAKING DEAL in my head. So big that fireworks should be going off. A novel is a deeply personal, blood-sweat-and-tears project. It should feel like a huge deal. It is a huge deal!
And there are millions more potential foreclosures ahead. Nearly 7.4 million borrowers, or 12 percent of all households with a mortgage, had missed at least one month of payments or were in foreclosure as of March, according to Lender Processing Services Inc., a mortgage data research firm.
Each time he came on the stage, he promised the world something “new”, “magical” or “awesome”. Each time he delivered: the Mac, iPod, iPhone, iTunes and the iPad, products we craved to touch, own and experience, until he told us it was time for something ‘newer’. Yet, nothing that Steve Jobs (and therefore Apple) unveiled was a first. IBM gave the world the computer, Sanyo a portable MP3 player, BlackBerry invented the smartphone and Microsoft came up with the tablet. That was before Jobs prefixed them all with an ‘i’.
Peeved: I’m okay, thanks.
I hope we will soon be able to enjoy our outbuilding!
Jamie smirks, “Is that is?” He asks, “Well Amber is intelligent, proactive and will fit into the team. Plus she will look great representing it.”
I don't have to go to the clinic tomorrow. We all got two take home doses for xmas. Same goes for New Year's Eve two take homes. One New Year's Eve there is a Big Bang Theory marathon on TBS. I know I have no life, and TV repeats get me excited. I love the show.
Cheryl Cole’s third studio album A Million Lights drops June 18th! Definitely worth a listen.
What do you have to do to win?
Rushmore (Produced by John Cameron, Barry Mandell and Paul Schiff)
Tane is a Charon, a rogue vampire hunter, who this time is tracking a half-human, half-demon creature to bring her before the Commission for elimination. Seems now in the Guardian world, half-breeds are considered undesirable because some simply can’t control their powers. And that’s Laylah, the Jinn on the run who has a secret that Tane is just dying to figure out before he turns her in.
2. The open evangelical
Some of you may have noticed that I have been off the grid for the past week or so. No net, no writing, no work. Of course, it all resumes as normal next week.
Have special needs? We can help meet those needs! Your presentation will be adapted to the age of your students so that appropriate fire safety educational messages will be shared. If multiple classes are grouped together for a presentation, it is suggested that the students are close in age.
Don’t you just hate it when someone “steals your thunder”? Over the last month, we’d lost our internet connection 3 times. It would go out … and our router would revert back to the factory settings (with no assigned password, even though it required one). I’d have to call our ISP, who would always get us back up and running. It happened again Sunday night, and to say that I was frustrated was an understatement. I called our ISP and was determined that this would be the last time that I’d have to make this call. I was determined to be polite … but insistent that they do something to fix this permanently. After I explained the problem … but before I could insist on a permanent solution, the tech said that this was unacceptable and that they’d have a tech out on Monday to get this resolved. While it seems to be a popular thing to badmouth our ISP, we’ve had nothing but very positive experiences.
“Her maiden name?” I guessed.
If you’re anything like me you forget to take your vitamins. You say you’ll start tomorrow, but let’s face it- tomorrow never comes. Who gets excited over taking vitamins anyways? My little Macaron case has since then changed my mindset. I’m always so excited to pull this Parisian raspberry trinket out. It makes me see vitamins in another light.
The Norway mass murderer testified that he trained on video games, specifically ‘Call of Duty: Modern Warfare.’ If he had stuck to ‘Frogger’ he may have gotten run over before getting this far
The information she quotes from is factual. GSUSA did perform a study several years ago about the benefits of an all girl organization. Their findings are every bit as true for a transgirl as they are for any other. Perhaps, even more true. Being around other girls as she attempts to form her own identity as a girl can only be beneficial for that 7-year-old. Her fellow scouts will benefit as well.
Marcus's comment after my last post, "it is interesting that you mostly talked about her tantrums". It made me feel really bad because that was not my intention. I did realize after the post that I left out a huge thing ...I have the most girly-girl daughter EVER. She is so stinkin' cute, she loves to "dress-up" and carry her own purse around. She is in love with purses, she zones in on them as soon as she sees someone's. Her other favorite thing to do is put on make-up with me when I am getting ready. I think it is so funny that she is such a girly-girl because I really am not(as if I need to tell anyone that). Anyway, I wish I had a camera to take a picture of her with her purse, she is so cute how she wears it over her arm. Hopefully soon!
There’s more collateral damage to be counted in wartime than the civilian corpses on the ground. That’s why they call it a fate worse than death.
Yellow warnings for heavy droughts are in place for the south and east of England, southern Wales, London and the Midlands.
She went on to, because she saw all these ethical challenges there, so she went on and got a law degree so she could — she could deal with those in the — in the legal world.
002.208 YUSUFALI: O ye who believe! Enter into Islam whole-heartedly; and follow not the footsteps of the evil one; for he is to you an avowed enemy.
7. Lean On Me
1 cup meat (slice thinly)
Wynne is pretty lame, but Dierk and Rolf have something hot about them. And Master Zane, of course, is made out to be hotter than hell. (What is it about the name Zane?) The problem is that at no time did I really care who she went with. She's supposed to be a shy thing, but she strips down in a dungeon the first time she's told to. Now that's submissive! But it's not terribly interesting. And then when she should keep her mouth shut and be a bit submissive around Dierk's king (remember, they're vampires), her big mouth is yapping and bitching all over the place.
(This entry was originally uploaded in August 2008, and somewhat unexpectedly got an enthusiastic response from many readers. Rather more worryingly, one of the band got in touch to correct me on the Genesis critique a friend of mine (who actually drummed in a band with me) originally raised with these pointed words: "Let me make this clear. Foreheads in a Fishtank were an anti establishment band ten years before the invention of the Internet. They had nothing to do with ‘Genesis’ though they may have agreed with ‘keep those mowing blades sharp’
I’ve realised that perception and reality are two very different things and in the world of parenthood, you have to be willing to do anything!
pluck each shaped stone of life
Today another kind of 'fragging' exists, though very different from the killings described above. The fraggings I write of are not executed in far away places with high-tech weapons, are not collective decisions, and the death is neither a quick nor painless one. It also doesn't involve grunts killing seniors officers but rather scar-tissued addicts killing their foot soldiers. I suppose the only real similarity between the wartime fraggings is that someone is killed in very ambiguous circumstances and their death is brought about by fear – albeit a very different kind. These killings of junkie by junkie are also very hard to find any moral argument for. They are silent, secretive, selfish acts of humanity (yes, HUMANITY): a way not to die alone.
Walnut Brewery Devil's Thumb
Bad information tends to get passed around quite easily, especially so when the subject matter is gossipy or fear-inducing. With the subject of Pit Bulls, not only do many urban legends refuse to die (although advocates are slowly but surely beating them down), and get passed back and forth between family, friends, neighbors and beyond, there are some really out of control organizations with dubious agendas that are nothing more than irrational fear mongers when it comes to the breed. Groups like PETA (an extremist animal rights group that actively works to outlaw pet ownership) and another org that concerns itself with dog bites (run by a disgruntled attack victim with an axe to grind), are great for spouting debunked myths, and unscientific "stats" that were simply compiled by scouring newspaper headlines. If the CDC couldn't reliably collect breed-based bite stats, what makes the untrained members of certain agenda-pushing groups think they can do any better?
The trick, Whitten says, is to lure the octopus out of its site of undersea domesticity using nothing but a white handkerchief; after all, "they are addicted to the color white like a bull is to red. They can’t control themselves. Thus, I always keep a white handkerchief tucked into my wetsuit, which I use to seduce them from their lair."
In food processor crumble one head of cauliflower.
According to the New York Observer's quite arbitrary list of the 100 Most Powerful People in New York Real Estate, Bruce Ratner is #8, Frank Gehry is #51, and I am number #77. Among the worthy missing is Charles Bagli of the New York Times, the only reporter who seems to get responses out of Bruce Ratner.
Meanwhile, Australia has opals,
PHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THIS IS ME SHOUTING FROM THE ROOFTOP HOW AMAZING YOUR BOOK IS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I am so blown away. I feel compelled to buy it for everyone I know.
Love it! So versatile that it is suitable from early childhood up to self-publishing adults. It is an ideal resource for schools to create their own iBook libraries and is an App children would find easy to use when publishing their own projects.
Nov 26-27 – Family Services of Central Alberta – Woodmaster Concrete
I personally like the lower lashes with both natural and more dramatic lashes (although I haven't tried them with with super voluminous upper lashes yet). However, if you're going for that "Otona" look, stick to the natural upper lashes (just as Tsu-chan styles them).
I'm not after the perfect body, or to get thin. I just want to eat a little healthier. I've been doing so well at work. I've been taking my lunch, but don't fret I'm still going out to lunch some and having the occasional cheeseburger, fries, or pizza.
JS - Your time’s up…
A couple of us was out of town and now catching up with each other. I decided to make some cards, instead of scrapbooking. I used Digital Images from Bonibleaux Designs, Buga Boo and Digial Two for Tuesdays. I colored with Copic Markers. I used assorted Pattern Papers, Cardstock, ribbon, gems, flowers and pop dots. I used sentiments from TLC, and Martha Stewarts Border Punch. I hope everyone will have a great weekend and be blessed! Thank you for stopping by my blog.
Vancouver, Washington, set along the Columbia River just north of Portland, Oregon, has earned its place as a destination. While this city of 165,000 people has reinvented itself from its beginnings as a military and fur trading post, the history of Vancouver is readily available and celebrated.
Thank you Rain.
“What does that woman have to say about this? She defends the West and sanctions the killing of Muslims in Gaza and elsewhere, claiming that they deserve to be killed.
Card Recipe (card 1)
The Legendary Trainwreck clone meets the Mr Nice Mango Haze. Very similar to the Tw x SSH. Somewhat lanky, extremely resinous and trippy potent high. Will need support when flowering since she kept the thin flexible stems of the mom. Excellent for screening.
Eventually we found the track, completed 13 laps (1 mile for those of you playing along at home) and as a bonus I did some agility exercises on “the ladder.” Around the track were about half of a dozen people working with a personal trainer on a variety of exercises. At another spot in the center of the track was a hefty gentleman “knocking the tar out of” a punching bag, periodically taking breaks to catch his breath between “rounds.”
Dot butter over top of blueberries.
Maby not a great job, I mean, I'm still fucked up, but they did do a good job, because now, at least I can almost breathe again.
Words echoing, paraphrased in my heart...It is in the counting of the gifts that time seems to slow.
His thoughts like a hundred moths
The local community, on the other hand, seems to understand that we are, indeed, refugees and accepts our situation. But, by labeling all foreigners as immigrant workers, I sense that the authorities are trying to set Israelis against us, as a threat to their work places and homes, and I deeply regret that.
How do they inspire you? Can you use that inspiration in poetry? In fiction?
‘And before I sit down I must mention
I'm confuse...
lead me right over to the edge.
“The expo will play host to representatives from major Australian employers and governments from all Australian states and territories. Participants will be able to find out more about possible career pathways down under.”
Also, the map suggests that the Barclays Center arena extends barely halfway between Fifth and Sixth avenues, rather than quite close to Sixth. Similarly, it suggests that the arena extends south from Atlantic Avenue barely past Pacific Street, rather than nearly to Dean Street. (See photo below left of the arena, from the Barclays Center Facebook page.)
II. Feeling like a Princess
Orthodoxy – One searches for truth, but it may be that one pursues instinctively the more extraordinary truths (p. 196).
Farewell Dinner
Get that tree topper on. Many of you probably wait until the very end to top the tree, but I like to put the topper on early in the decorating. Maybe because it gives me a sense of accomplishment? It's kind of a milestone when I know I still have a long way to go.
GRITZ
Had this one out of the bottle, so I'm fairly clueless as to the appearance.
Am I the person I did not want to be?
My Pillow by Roger Miller
Over the weekend I had a very strong urge to make something new, that would be quick to finish and not make me think too much. I had to think way too much making that pouch!
Bad tactics as a pilot: Moving far away from everything. Moving too quickly around everything, not exploiting both gunner by aiming the craft incorrectly so the gunners can’t get around to fire at.
Much of that has been cleaned up to actually serve a purpose. See, as John and I mentioned in our Fly or Die episode with the One S, Android has become a platform that pumps out phones from hundreds of vendors that ultimately look like “just another Android phone.” The skins become critical to manufacturers in terms of differentiation, but they also have to be careful to leave Android alone in many respects. Android fans love Android, not Sense or TouchWiz or whatever else.
Meg gets is done.
Check out the video, if you missed it live, and join us tonight. Our guest will be Dr. JeffriAnne Wilder. She specializes in race and colorism.
Despite the long songs, everyone should own this album. Not just Prince fans. Everyone who loves music must own 1999.
- Finding something you thought was lost
One of the more important aspects to planning a joint trip (like our round-the-world trip we are currently figuring out) is equally dividing the work. Tara and I have always worked well together when attacking problems — we find a way to let each of our strengths shine, which prevents conflict over who is doing the heavy lifting, because we both are.
To answer the question “are organizations the best or most appropriate domain for holistic human development?” I would submit that an organization, whether we like I or not, does nurture us; improving us or diminishing us. In their essay, Chin and Benne qualify their discourse of change in the human system as only the type of change that is accepted by the members of the organization (French, Bell, & Zawacki, 1994, p.40). I found that revealing I the sense that creating that boundary, the anomalies that arise could be discarded, as they would not be classified as the change they seek. I also implied that there are changes that occur beyond the scope of intentionality hence validating that we change within an organizational system regardless of our disposition. As scholars, practitioners and professionals, how do we grow in a nurturing and safe environment?
Magic Hat - Odd Notion Spring 2008
Yeah, I reckon my hero is Grandma Olivia; she had guts enough to stand up the Cobbs. She told me not to worry ‘cause we got God on our side, ‘course the Cobbs got guns and meanness on their side, but Grandma Olivia didn’t seem to let that bother her none.
We talked about talking about boarding schools.
The good news is it the colour really took well to my hair and it was a really even colour from root to tip which is a huge relief. The colour has left my hair really shiny and feeling soft so all in all a great product.
It truly amazes me how every page of Scripture points to Jesus Christ in some way. I hope we continue to see pictures of our Savior as we study the book of Genesis together. All of Scripture really is about him.
hours before office for foreigners opens.
On February 3, 2012, I will be 30 years old.
It's not at work, obviously. And it's certainly not at home, where my children terrorise me.
(aka YOU!)
Gianni is married with an adult daughter who has a slacker boyfriend. He and his wife are on at least friendly terms – you know – she’s still in the workforce, and Gianni does the household stuff. For her, the candle has gone out – at least as far as Gianni and his and her love life. They live equitably in the same apartment – but with separate bedrooms.
It’s worth remembering that Israel has faced far worst and survived. In 1948, the British left Palestine, but not before confiscating as many arms in the hands of Jews as they could find and turning over strategic locations to Israel's genocidal enemies. In the year leading up to that conflict, the British armed the Arab nations with modern weapons including aircraft and tanks in spite of their open and explicit threats of jihad against Israel's Jews. In the case of Jordan, the British not only trained the Arab Legion but officered it during the 1948 war and oversaw the ethnic cleansing of Jews from their homes in Judea, Samaria and East Jerusalem, led by a Jew hating British Colonel by the name of John Glubb, AKA Glubb Pasha. And this was a mere three years after the liberation of Auschwitz.
The chance to sample them was rewarding; the actual taste, not so much. I knew from reading about them that Azores tea was not quality. The only tea grown as a commodity crop in Europe, it's cranked out for high production. The cha verde, green tea, from Gorreana, is pretty awful. The dry cut/shredded leaf is dusty and dirty, though it smells lovely and grassy; the brew looks dreadful, murky, like dishwater; the murky brownish tea has little flavor to speak of. Bummer.
"Winning in beer requires testing the bounds of the market with innovation," a company official wrote earlier this week in an e-mail to MillerCoors distributors. "With that commitment, however, comes a recognition that not every innovation will succeed. That is the case with MGD 64 Lemonade, so we have decided to discontinue this line extension."
Exhibition proposals can be submitted by individual artists or groups and should include an outreach opportunity. All medium will be considered however precedence will be giving to work that is digital based or technology driven.
Over the past few days I have been sleeping like crap. I have been up all night thinking about a ton of things as it relates to my little podcast. I wanted to take it to the next level and I knew I couldn't do it all on my own.
The jewelry is just for me and maybe some gifts; I’m still a rank beginner at metal jewelry so I don’t feel ready to sell any of it. However, I do have one of the best instructors around. I wish she would get her website going so I could point you all over there. I am having fun doing it and may end up doing some wall pieces using the metal – fabric combination.
Spring.
Your voice to hear
~ A balanced approach to the other side of an issue that I may be having.
Last week, it was hurting quite a bit, but I still went to Curves Tuesday and Wednesday. It did not hurt when I was actually on the machines, so I figured why not. Thursday afternoon, it started to really hurt. I have to walk 4 blocks from work to my bus stop and I was in agony.
The Professor to Bam-Bam, the finicky-eater (In a bad British accent.):
As for the pastures of literature, it doesn't contain a lot of ideal dads. Nor does popular culture. The reality is that being a parent is an incredibly private, day-to-day business. It's a million little moments and decisions, not some calibrated Hollywood plot. The person I admire the most, and try to emulate, is my wife.
Slit by slit, memory by memory
Ferdinand has responded well to his manager’s assertion that he had to change his style to survive. But he will have his hands full with Aguero, whose 29 goals this season represent an outstanding return for a debut season in English football.
* She has decided to get her life sponsored ...
While gathering charcoal from forest fires to fire his forge, Laws collects materials he comes across, recycling these to create sculptures and wonder from our waste.
“Cheryl?” I asked.
I love reading pieces written by Dr. Atul Gawande as it gives me insight into how doctors/surgeons think. Understanding a different perspective allows one to ask better questions about their own health care and in my case, also helps me view science in a different way. What I did not expect, but was pleased to read, was the Malcolm Gladwellian/Freakonomics spin out in this piece about coaching.
North West farms are lately targetted more than other regions by organised, armed black gangs. There is-- because there is a fierce battle for control of the land: mainly sparked by the large deposits of a variety of highly valuable minerals such as platinum. Members of the Mekgareng tribe – more specifically the Makuwe-clan, have submitted claims to the Land Claims Court to large portions of North West land. http://www.broederstroomlandclaim.co.za/Court-order-22-02-2010.PDF
Conductor: Washington Street!
I’m calling this series “Thriving Faith in an Antagonistic World,” and really the title should say it all. I want your faith—your trust in God—to thrive—to grow, live, and reproduce—in a world that is antagonistic to your faith. I say that the world is antagonistic because it is. The world is the enemy of your faith. It doesn’t want you to succeed in loving and serving Jesus. It wants to cripple you.
Julie is a dear friend of my bonus daughter, Marla, and it was Marla who first brought Julie’s superbly crafted items to my attention. I was so intrigued by her talent that I wanted to not only learn more about her, but to share her items with all of you!
Light up your face with gladness
“every greedy businessman in America would hire only women, save 25% and be hugely profitable.”
I was going to do a post like that one Amber did ages ago, basically complaining about all my various pet peeves. But most of the ones I came up with are things that piss everybody off (tailgaters, children without manners, racists, animal abusers, etc.), so I thought making a post about it might be redundant in the grand scheme of things.
For some reason, the email with the addresses didn’t make it to my inbox and I have been so busy that I forgot to check on it – actually I completely forgot that April is my month. I am late but everything will go in the mail today. In the note I am letting them know that I don’t expect to see the blocks in April – they can take their time since it is my fault they are getting the packages late.
“The cross is a symbol of death – why do you choose to focus on his death, instead of his resurrection? Isn’t his resurrection what you should be celebrating, not his death?”
1/3 cube butter
I took these photos over the weekend. The beautiful, balmy weekend.
Help them win $500,000 and push the research further in order to cure ME!
The esteemed professor Dawkins and his cohort would have us not believe in God. His non-belief is his own rightly held opinion although he can’t have any evidence for it, only lack of it as you can’t prove a negative. But his assertion that such a belief is like believing in an invisible unicorn or a chocolate teapot in orbit around Mars or a spaghetti monster is not the same thing and his weakest argument. No-one believe in those things because there’s no point in believing in those things. There’s a great point to believing in a creator God or a Father God and many people derive great joy and meaning from their beliefs which is why they have them and keep them. (If someone has a belief that is a threat to others then we may well have to step in to challenge their reality but they’re not the people Dawkins et al go after, preferring instead softer targets, which is a shame.)
Sometimes I get sucked into the blog vortex. You know the one, I'm sure you've danced around the edges of it too. The vortex that says followers are good, but more followers are better! Monetize! Advertise! Run a giveaway to boost your page views!
However, we didn't leave Enjoy Life Cookies completely behind after all. Much to our surprise when inquiring about food allergen safe dessert options at a couple locations at Disney World and aboard the Disney Dream Cruise Ship, we were offered two packs of Enjoy Life's soft baked chocolate chip cookies! When visiting Magic Kingdom try the Plaza Restaurant. Aboard the Disney Dream? Just ask room service to send some Enjoy Life Cookies up to your Cabin.
3 Oh Microwave, Oh Galaxy Kill (8:11)
It urged protection of Uranium,
Hi Readers! Ever look at a map of the local sex offenders, the ones with little dots showing where the guys live who prey upon helpless little children? Well, as of this week, there are two dots that won’t come off until the guys die of old age — which could be quite a while.
Now quick, go and check your Facebook pages and plug any information holes!
So I dig out my little black purse. Still perfect, now fits my drivers license, cell phone, passkey to get into my office garage, money, check card, gadget that unlocks my car, business cards, a pack of smokes, and a few other necessary odds and ends. And I'm delighted to be wearing it again, and am even thinking about how I can call it "vintage" I walk from my office to Dog and Duck after work today.
THE SECRETARY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES, THE REGIONAL EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, DENR-REGION VI, REGIONAL TECHNICAL DIRECTOR FOR LANDS, LANDS MANAGEMENT BUREAU, REGION VI PROVINCIAL ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES OFFICER OF KALIBO, AKLAN, REGISTER OF DEEDS, DIRECTOR OF LAND REGISTRATION AUTHORITY, DEPARTMENT OF TOURISM SECRETARY, DIRECTOR OF PHILIPPINE TOURISM AUTHORITY, petitioners,
a handful each of chopped almonds, dried craisins, chopped dates & toasted pecans
Because let's face it. Your sister will be awake soon, and then all this meditation on the wonder of new life flies right out the window because I know we are out of goldfish crackers.
Most importantly, it changes me.
That was the most emotion he had ever expressed to Nico, his best friend from ever since he
‘Over three million households live in privately rented homes, so it’s vital that we take steps to ensure the sector’s continuing growth and affordability.
We talked a bit about how our disease impacts endodontistry and figured out that the anesthetic is what we needed to focus on. Dr. Gettleman not only explained (as I will in a paragraph or so), but showed me the book he based his decision upon and then lent the book to me so I could quote directly from it for this blog.
The brush of this mascara is tiny. I have seen the full-size version, and it looks even smaller on a regular wand. The brush is made of rubber, and it is flexible. There are tiny little spikes on the brush. From what I can see on the Sephora website, this is supposed to be a volumizing mascara. Curiously enough, it is also suggested to be layered over the Diorshow Maximizer or any other Diorshow mascara. Since I don’t own any of those, I put it to test by itself.
03. Sense of Crisis
Why is this person still not talking to me?
All in all - this year has been up and down - stressful, crazy, fun, horrible, and 'normal' for our family. Looking forward to the next year and what it holds. My Resolution for the year is to try to blog at least once a week - and happy things. Funny things. "NORMAL" things. HA!
Besides people coming in counting change, even PENNIES to buy their pint of (insert alcoholic beverage here), they say and do the STRANGEST things in there….I got a guy one day who decided to sing the whole song from Dora The Explorer…”Swiper, No Swiping” when I told him to “swipe” his debit card. LOL. Ok, are they already half blasted when they walk in there, or what?
“Men really get a raw deal with marriage; I do not blame them for avoiding it”
These sliding cork & chalkboards continue to haunt me. I am determined to work this idea into the playroom space if it kills me. My goal is to figure out how to do it without springing for built-ins because if there's one thing I'm learning from this whole room switcheroo I'm about to undertake, it's that our needs as a family are changing too fast to commit to any one room's long term function.
Also missing are any updates on matters brought up the past two weeks and addendum to promises of “more” information, such as continued arrests of banker criminals, upper management resignations en masse, information on what really happened to the one known as Bill Gates and the one known as Timothy Geithner. There is no explanation as to why the promised profoundly important message from the Anonymous Hacker Group never appeared and no update to the great revelation to be revealed March 23. Inserted in the middle of the text is a paragraph out of context that appears to address the contemporary:
The rest of us are winging it.
Point of fact: John Mackey is not a nice guy. The typical zombie story hero is always shown as a morally upstanding, righteous dude without the long train of personal baggage that accompanies most real people. So I said, hey, fuck it, I'll go with the abusive, drug addicted, manipulative sociopath as an archetype-hell, I know how to write from that perspective better than Captain America's whitebread perspective anyway. I don't condone the things he does, but damnit, that doesn't mean that his story can never be told.
"I can't cry!"
The way a crow
If you are writing goals ask yourself what you desire to do and then what you are willing to do to get it. The next step is to ask yourself, what can I do now, today, to start? For example, if you want to learn to golf, you need to find a golf instructor then find out how much it is. The steps progress from there. Simple enough.
With Cinco de Mayo on the horizon, I thought I would devote my postings this week to Mexican fare. Today, I am posting a recipe I found on David Lebovitz's blog Horchata. Horchata is a drink made from rice in Mexico sometimes with vanilla but always with cinnamon. You start with white rice and grind it fine in a blender. Cover it with warm water and refrigerate overnight. The next day add either rice milk or regular milk, sugar and stir. Serve over ice. This is a refreshing drink for hot days or just when you need a quick pick-me-up.
house Friday afternoon for a stitch together. I'll
Here’s why:
Calabrese says that he doesn’t regret skipping out on a business plan because his company has stayed small. He says that for one-person operations, plans have their limitations. Time could be better spent actually digging up clients.
Opp PVR Cinema, Prashant Vihar,
4) I am considered a G.R.I.T.S. (Girls Raised In The South)
What has influenced your eye?
And thank you~
I'm getting a bit bored with my cooking lately so it was nice to do something different for a change. I do love making canapes. One day when we are back in NZ in our own house we will host lots of lovely of cocktail parties with lots of different canapes... (in my dreams). I've ordered some new cookbooks... can't wait for them to arrive!
Eye Drive
Please help pioneer this new market and smart business model. I’m not certain that many companies would buy back their products from consumers when their product is cheaply made or is so trendy, it’s obsolete a month after purchase. You, on the other hand, have the goods to go the distance.
and wriggle my toes in the damp sand, beyond the cafeteria,
I am originally from Kuwait, its small country located between Iraq and Saudi Arabia.Due to our traditions, almost every house in my country has three if not even four generations, due to that big number of people living under one roof, one can imagine how much electricity is consumed, When it comes to consumption resulting from a/c almost nothing can be changed due to the very hot weather and the temperature that can reach up to 52 Celsius/125 Fahrenheit. By talking my house as an example, we are used to washing clothes three times a week, some times the clothes are not that much but still it is washed. Keeping in mind that the washing machine will consume the same amount of electricity no matter how much clothes are there, this needs a re-consideration.
LLL: Many in Africa: the first newborn who died of tetanus, the toddler daughter of a staff member badly burnt by an unattended paraffin lantern she overturned on herself, my own five-year-old daughter’s discovery of an abandoned newborn baby in a ditch next to our house, the disabled kids who could have avoided polio with simple vaccinations, the street kids, the hungry, the whole generation lost to AIDS. But you don’t have to go to Africa for sadness, it’s an integral part of life.
The battery life of an Android device is crap. The Samsung Galaxy ACE that I have was hardly lasting a day in my initial usage. If a call comes and lasts an hour ( my conf calls go on for longer than that) then I need to immidiately plug it in to charge even now.
And so we emerged into the Paris sunshine, devoid of dead skin cells and polished head to toe. Was it relaxing? Mmm, not so much. Entertaining and enlightening? Ah oui, bien sur.
Perfect God and perfect Man, of a reasonable soul and human flesh subsisting.
Slice each half into 10 pieces making sure to dip the knife into the hot water in between slicing to ensure a nice clean cut. Roll each piece of goat cheese into balls approximately 1/2-inch in diameter and put onto a cookie sheet lined with waxed paper.
Only recently I realized the extent of what happened. It was kind of spooky, and it’s a story I don’t particularly like to tell anymore, because of the negative vibe people get from it.
Thanks for sending me The List by Joe Konrath. There's much to like here--particularly the author's savvy prose and the way he ieasily integrates his knowledge of police procedures into the story. As for the plot, I was initially intrigued by the way the protagonist was linked to the murders, but ultimately I had issues with it. I had a hard time believing inthe way he learned about his bizaree adoption taking it so well and regarding it simply as another clue surrounding the murders. I suppose the story twists from that point on were harder to swallow. But this is just my opinion, of course... I'm sure other editors will disagree. - Doubleday
This company is becoming a poster child about how not to report financial information.
CB: Sean Smith; Marcus Brown; Quinten Lawrence
Probation = rehabilitation
Overall this girl has been rather kind, though a bit condescending when we’ve spoken at times, to me for the most part but I’ve come to realize how insane she is. She sits on her laptop trashing ‘lumpy’ models, posting photos of wonderful girls and referring to them as ‘it’ (Missy- betcha you got a crap ton of views though, huh? (; ), saying that certain mental illness/disorders are not real, and calling disordered girls fat. What a wonderful person!!
Doubters – 0. Sleep Lovers – 1.
Those of you from California or familiar with Southern California recognize the word by the city or Arcadia. After reading the definition, I didn't think of the City as how it feels to me.
When the phone rang I almost didn’t answer it. I saw Trooper Bob’s name on the caller i.d. but I knew this time it wouldn’t be one of our normal calls. It was the news that was inevitable but not at all what I wanted to hear.
The arrangements of the songs changed even more than their overly esoteric lyrics. “Truckin’ ” is a good example. Written to memorialize the 1970 drug bust in New Orleans, “Truckin’ ” was the Grateful Dead’s first successful hit. As a simple tune based in key of E blues, there isn’t much to add to it. But with Garcia at the helm, what was originally only five minutes on the American Beauty album became thirteen on Europe ’72. The basic flow of the song didn’t change much through it’s first few years as the people expected it to sound a certain way, however, later in the 1970s, they performed a version which had more of a Spanish flare than blues.
See what you think!
Joan Hader, associate dean of Family and Consumer Services, said the showcase demonstrates how WCTC students make “making a difference” a priority in their educational journey.
and let the world come flooding in
It is hoped the new treatment, which involves heating only the tumours with a highly focused ultrasound, will mean men can be treated without an overnight stay in hospital and avoiding the distressing side effects associated with current therapies.
Welcome to this weeks challenge with Bitten By The Bug 2. This weeks challenge was chosen by our Team Leader Donna who picked any Monogram from any Cricut Cartridge. I have been meaning to create something for my front door so I decided this challenge was a perfect opportunity for me to create something special for my guests who come to my home. I decided to choose the letter "W" for Welcome so that the people who approach my front door always feel comfortable when entering my home.
Like the above mentioned submissive, the forces of irrevocable change cry out their safe word as soon as the heat is turned on them, knowing that, following decades of gradual brainwashing and intimidation, in which they have persuaded the tolerant and decent British public that the crime of racism is as heinous as rape or paedophilia, the very mention of the word will both stop their opponents in their tracks whilst simultaneously placing them in the wrong. The safe “R” word, has as many definitions as Paris Hilton has shoes, and it has been used to enable the so called great and good to get away with what what they have done to us, and to prevent us from doing anything to stop them.
He was part of a team busy finalising a report that, in his own words, was "looking at the future of provinces, whether they will exist or not".
Some Varnish Love:
Written by Suzanne Berman, MD, FAAP
Add in the fact that I'm having some weird thing with my sausage fingers
“Erm. I don’t know. Pavillion, maybe.” Completely random, I don’t know why I said that. I could have named any other spots, even Mid Valley or Changkat or Bukit Bintang. But I froze because it was such a random question. I do not actually spend my life in Pav … well, wait, I used to.
His parents freak out. The thing that’s made them celebrities has vaporized in a big puff of smoke. When your special son is no longer special, who are you? But once Adam starts doing “normal” things and acting like a “normal” little boy, his parents realize they can go on living normal lives, becoming a normal family. In the strangest way, the loss of Adam’s gift ends up saving them. However, there's one last piece of the puzzle that will throw a wrench into everything – a secret that threatens to turn all the events that have transpired upside-down.
²Flavored malt beverages are not considered beer for the Top 50 rankings.
I will sit with you as you cry
“And rust is called ‘oxidation’ and ‘bad for cars’,” replied Tybalt.
Also, since we’re talking about documentary tv shows, the terrorists would also like to thank you for teaching them about American security. And forensice science tv, seriel rapists are so glad they know where to clean up so you can’t find their DNA. Thanks to all this knowledge, you are truly making the world a safer place… for drug peddlers, rapists, and mass murders.
And their parishioners.
DON’T: Get so riled up with online critique comments on your writing. Relax for love of heaven. Read through the sometimes craptastic snark and find the actual valid critique point. It’ll make you a better writer.
Because I'm getting nowhere with accounts vacancies I'm investigating other fields of employment. I completed a government sponsored online skills check and now I've seen a government sponsored careers adviser. The conclusion of the online questionnaire was that I am not at all interested in working with figures, numbers and data. Apparently I should be working in medical technology or medicine and nursing. But of course I'm not trained for these things and I'm nearing fifty.
Examining the extraordinary travel logistics involved and how the wider operation of the event has changed over time, the exhibition compares how pilgrims over the centuries negotiated this often monumental undertaking and how it continues to be experienced by people from all corners of the globe today.
But rap now up i’m a roller, i take a look over my shoulder
2004-finances, homosexuality, restructuring, membership loss. denominational unity.
The local candidates, all nine of them, lined up to have a "debate" which was really just them reading off a set of pre-prepared answers to a series of pre-prepared questions one after another. Where was all the excitement and drama?
Nobody likes reviews that say “ONE STAR: they took too long to arrive;” or “FIVE STARS!! The package was really easy to open!” I wouldn’t dream of rating a product that way, but I will tell you that the postman left this parcel (and of course it was large since the boxes are shipped flat) standing in a mud puddle next to my garage on a rainy day, under a stream of water from the one break in the rain gutter. Six feet from the roofed porch. Hmmm…. it was sheer good luck that I spotted it and that the product, though a bit damp on one end, suffered no damage.
Some people renting houses and flats in earthquake-devastated Christchurch are getting little charity from landlords who want to lock them into leases and contracts.
*Besides pretzels, chocolate chips, and pecans, you will need two glass bowls, a knife, a spatula, a cookie sheet, and some waxed paper. And a microwave and a refrigerator.
Freedom of Expression
i realize i've just been posting photos of things that i like lately - sorry for that, friends. i can't find my camera cord. argh! i have lots of photos of recent projects to share, but can't find the ol' trusty usb cord, so until then, you get inspiration photos (plus, when i drink my coffee every morning, i've pretty much been either rifling through old 'domino' magazines or searching for inspiration home decor-related things, anyway).
The artist’s palette icon offers the five adjusters shown along the bottom – saturation, blue skies, greenery, skin tones, and white balance. Just swipe up or down to increase or decrease each adjustment. Here it’s asking for skin colors, but if you place your finger on sky blue, the option changes to darken or brighten the intensity of the sky. You can choose standard white balance settings like sun, clouds, or flash, but you can also set a custom white balance based on a person’s skin in the photo or a neutral tone in the photo.
I knew exactly what she was talking about because, while so much time has passed, I still remember the great times we had 'back in the day'. We ragged on fellow students and teachers (and confirmed that one of them was a lesbian). It was a lot of fun!
Instead, the president offered a reflexive defense of “diversity” policies as they have been practiced at Duke (and other elite universities) over the past generation. No surprises there. But the stated motivation for his remarks did raise eyebrows. He selected his topic, he claimed, because of three recent events, the first of which was the “controversy over a piece of unpublished faculty research that appeared to disparage the choice of majors by African-American undergraduates.”
“How could she have possibly been kidnapped in this hotel? This is a busy, well supervised, public establishment.”
When we asked Bekki what three gifts she’d wish writers to find under their Christmas tree, she said:
Aztec Camera All I need is everything UK
not particularly a good period,
C: The United States Constitution (1787). . . . .pg. 231
Wither is an imaginative debut novel which suffers a little from repetition and slow pacing. Rhine has to play the long game, getting her husband to trust her enough for her to leave the mansion, albeit escorted, however she spends the best part of a year in the mansion, 25% of her remaining life-span. Rhine begins to tolerate Linden as he is a pawn like her in his father's machinations, but unlike Rhine he is weak and I wanted Rhine to tell him the truth and get him to change things. Love interest Gabriel is kept off-stage for much of the time. Nonetheless, with its well-developed characters, it held my interest and there were some unexpected twists in the plot.
As a footnote to our visit to Vic, one stall holder having learnt of my nationality quickly asked my opinion regarding the prospects for Scottish Independence following the Scottish National Party’s victory in recent Elections. I dually gave him the proud Scot speech, adding the need to consider deeply all of the facts before ‘going it alone’, as it were. Without blinking the same man then asked me of my opinion on the subject of nothing less than crop circles, those geometric forms that appear in the corn fields of Southern England and which are alleged by some to be the result of Extra Terrestrial visits. I swiftly dismissed this idea as mere fantasy and we walked on.
Good morning friends. I hope you have been enjoying your week, the great news is TGIF! Need I say more?
Oct 3 1862... got there at sunset - put up there – got a dirty supper – served up in a dirty manner, on a dirty table, in a dirty house, by a dirty waiter – when bedtime came, we turned in to two dirty little beds, in a dirty little room & slept cold, not having enough bed clothes, & fleas & bedbugs giving us Jesse – waked up an hour or two before daylight from the cold – some ½ doz other travellers there, all in the same uncomfortable fix - all got to shouting to each other and "carrying on" - no more sleep...
A friend told me my writing here had changed, that when I started blogging I was "all over the place".
Tonight our rheumatics will be eased,
195 7. “Freedom of Speech and the Silence of the Law.” Book Review: Frederick Schauer, Free Speech: A Philosophical Inquiry (Cambridge, England, 1982). Texas Law Review, vol. 64, pp. 443-67 (1985).
I've been needing a way to organize all my loose papers on my desk, and when I discovered this brocade wall file online, I thought it was perfect (if you know me and my love for anything white with a cutout pattern). So you can imagine my excitement when I go to order it and discover that it's on sale ($10 off!) making it around $25 shipped. I would still consider that a splurge for something so basic, but it's already paid off in the amount of happiness it brings just looking at it.
HUGE side story:
I screw up my face. "That's . . . ew!"
From the hands that spend their lives creating tension
We all know it, getting a job right now is already hard as it is. Sure, you can always just apply at some random place and get a job but of course it’s not all about that. You need to think of whether you actually would like the job in the first place, if you’re qualified for it, if you think you would enjoy it, and if you think it’s something you can start a career from, etc. Now, things get much more complicated if you’re a part of the LGBT community, especially so in this country. We don’t exactly have the legislative protection from employment discrimination and even then, employers can just say you weren’t qualified for the job in the first place, even if you were.
7:55 Back to Jimmy Carter, Gloria Borger on CNN (I’m bouncing around a lot) is suggesting that Carter wasn’t allowed to speak because of the Jewish vote that is supporting Obama and that Carter runs the risk of alienating them. Interesting factoid: Joe Biden’s net worth is about $200K. Yep, $200K, not $200M. Guess that’s what happens from a lifetime of public service. If the Democrats don’t exploit that, they’re dumb asses. Now you’ve got someone that people can believe when he talks about real Americans and fiscal worries.
These recordings have their moments but I had an orgasm myself when I realized that the record included an actual song about "The Pleasures Of Love" that sounds as if it was created for a 70s spy movie soundtrack.
SOL, who leads Big Bang’s music with his smooth voice, is a talented singer collaborating with various artists.
11th June – Göteborg
If one is not an “expert” on something, don’t comment on it as if one is. Suggestions to where advice can be sought are always nice. However, not learning and not researching and relying is also bad.
You have no control once you sign over your rights to a publisher.
People who work in end-of-life care feel pretty strongly about telling people the truth. If someone is dying and they want to know, then they damn well deserve to be told.
MINUSES -The picture on the back is completely unnecessary and a bit of overkill. The backs are full of info, perhaps too full. It seems to be very crammed in. Quality control issues "2 Jason Hammels anyone?" once again rear their ugly head.
the smell of war and sweat is more palatable.
With a huge house on a lake, expensive German cars sitting in his garage, and a drop-dead gorgeous trophy wife watching over it he did feel he had entered the big leagues of life. Peter felt so certain of his privileged position he had long since begun to allow himself certain benefits that came with playing among the big boys.
But hey, I'm imperfect, so are you!
i know this is going to sound like a bizarre thought, but it’s where my heart is this morning…
As any member of a Greek chapter will tell you, we all hear the phrase “Wear your letters with pride” on an almost daily basis. Yet lately, I feel as though we’ve lost touch with what all of this means.
friends who testified to me about the huge impact Bush's music had
Needless to say, we canceled our bike ride and decided to do the Lincoln Memorial (by night) instead. I brought my ice-pack with us, but it lost it's cold all too soon. I was honestly having delusions of being able to shoot fire balls with just a flick of my fingers.
I knew it would be a hard sell when I began homework this year. My students are all moderately to severely cognitively impaired, and all need some degree of assistance from parents or someone else to complete anything I send home. And I can't require they do anything! I knew going into it that there would be some kids who never do their homework - because no matter how hard I sell it to the kids, the parents have to be involved to get anywhere. And I knew that was a losing battle with some (despite the wonderful, cheerleading letter I sent at the beginning of the year, extolling the benefits and virtues of homework, and reiterating to parents how much little time and effort it actually would require of them).
This creates a three-way interaction. A successful interview will include all three groups in the correct mix.
Pax-on-Board: 150
What can a man do in the face of such festive fanaticism? Such belligerent baking? Such …
And I will change whatever I, whatever I, whatever I can."
once again, rather than improve,
Anwaar: How are you so sure?
Could she be more stunningly beautiful?! Ahem, she's 41. Forty freaking one. I know, she still looks like young 17 year old Kim. COME ON.
The weather was a huge question mark as we did our final race prep. Highs were predicted to be in the 70s. And I knew that the 30+ mile an hour wind gusts that were supposed to show up could be brutal around the halfway point of the course.
After we all heard the National Chief (NC) of the Assembly of First Nations (AFN) Shawn Atleo give his speech at the Crown-First Nations Gathering (CFNG), it became readily apparent that the 2012 election campaign for the AFN NC had officially begun. Up to this point, Atleo had done little but sing the praises of the Harper Conservatives (Cons). It looked like Atleo and the AFN were following in the political footsteps of former President of the Congress of Aboriginal Peoples (CAP) Patrick Brazeau and hedging their bets that sucking up to the bully would yield better results than standing on our inherent rights.
The Number Two Man on the MSG ladder was apposed to the idea Zeke be named GM of the KNICKS.
The car pulled ahead before I could grab the details of what was scrawled below. I knew what had to be done, apart from speeding and catching up this guy (which, frankly, made me nervous. A guy who’d drive with an intentionally adopted blind spot was not someone I wanted to get too close to in any sense of the word.) A friend had recently made a Facebook post asking why so many Teabaggers are spelling-challenged. I picked up my phone and called in a comment to his FB post.
Last week I started a series of posts focusing on everything that makes a wedding, apart from the obvious- The bride & the groom. I started it off with my favorite and most dear to my heart, the children at weddings. So shall we continue...?
11-13 May Nablus
¤ Zinc Capsules.
"Oh, this looks so amazing!" Natalie's nose was pressed against the window of their small floatplane.
Of course this meant that we also had to select a functional rug for the foyer (the large rug in the photo below) as well as the dining room (the banded sisal which you have seen here).
“Cursed is the one who trusts in man,
I ask for a month opt out. ( December) They say yes. They take the money in December anyway and then try to take the next due payments 10 days after that. I phone up to point out we cannot pay 4 fuel payments in less then a fortnight and they agreed to change the direct debit date to the end of January ( only they don't). I phone again when I realise by looking online they haven't and they advise me to cancel the direct debit as they have requested the money and it's too late to stop it, so I do. They take the money from the credit on the account anyway. Only £50 more on both. Why? The computer did it apparently. They had no other answer or any solution. It's is like going in my purse as it was our money. So we have still ending up paying more than 4 lots in a fortnight and the direct debit is still going out on the same day. Moral to this is don't take an opt out even if they say you can. Unbelievable.
Initial contact email from scammer:
Aren’t we getting more gossipy as time goes on? Turn on the Fox Channel or CNN and you will be listening to nothing but gossip! Is news gossip?
Georgia Bragg’s mid-grade book, How They Croaked; The Awful Ends of the Awfully Famous (Walker & Co.) is the perfect example of how a writer can take a common subject and give it a twist. Think you know everything there is to know about icons like Columbus, Mozart and Washington? Think again. Bragg brings you the gruesome, gory, yucky truth about their last days.
But you’re not going to like it. You’re not going to like it at all.
Homily
Huddled round the embers of the love that passed between them,
Arvo offers two kinds of contracts: a royalties-only contract, and a contract offering a licensing fee for the first 1,000 copies plus 8% royalties for additional printings. I've seen licensing fee contract, which is very short--just three wide-spaced pages--and it's an obviously unprofessional document. Among other things, it has been written by someone with a less-than-perfect command of English, which may account for some very confusing and ambiguous language--such as the clause covering the term of the contract, which could be interpreted to mean either that Arvo has the right to produce and sell the book for five years, or that it has five years to bring the book to market. In addition, there are no provisions for rights reversion, no indication as to whether the rights grant is exclusive or non-exclusive, nothing to address copyright, no translation warranty, and although a publication month is established, there is no mention of a publication year.
And live my life how it should be
There are a few differences. Princess Jehnna isn’t blond. She’s still pretty annoying, and she still has a crush on Conan. Zula is described as a warrior, and nearly naked. The nature of Bombatta’s attachment to Jehnna is explicitly stated before we even meet Jehnna, whereas in the movie it was subtle enough that I thought he loved her like a daughter or a younger sister. She does say that she trusts him implicitly because he’s been with her since her babyhood, that made me think of their relationship as more familial, which is what Jehnna thinks.
Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm is asking Congress to extend jobless benefits before they expire.
I-italics or other special fonts (list the words in italics or other special fonts you see)
but this is Six
Many little habits can help you save water. For instance, you can water your plants and garden with the water you use while cooking, whether it is the water you rinsed your vegetables in or the water you cooked them in and that you allowed to cool down.
I consider myself a why-person, therefore cool. I think, when I will stop to ask why, I will accept the way, how things work, and will stop to create those crazy ideas, which could change the world. (Once, during dinner – a brainstorming time with Giorgio – I was trying to solve the problem of buying the ticket on the metro, I suggested to Giorgio, that at the station, where people have to get out, a machine could read their names, which would be fed with the data by reading their ID card, and would know, where they are going to, based on an XML, they compile in the morning (Yes, I was really very innocent some years ago, like those people still believeing in the semantic web), and he only had to ask, so what would happen on the Marienplatz? Would the metro stop for over 5 minutes just to call out everyone’s name? Not to mention all the similar or even identic names).
To introduce them briefly, the ‘Cunning Folk’ were professional or semi-professional practitioners of magic active from at least the fifteenth up until the early twentieth century who practiced folk magic – also known as “low magic” – although often combined this with elements of “high” or ceremonial magic. In earlier times, the witch’s power to harm people, livestock, and crops was greatly feared: for this reason country people consulted with the ‘Cunning Men’ and ‘Wise Women’ who had the power to negate their spells with counter-magic. Cunning-folk practitioners were also consulted for love spells, to find lost property or missing persons, exorcise ghosts and banish evil spirits.
R23- (dec) around (6) sl st tojoin, finish off, weave ends tightening up bottom.
If I can manage to live another 50 years, the story would by then have been in the public domain on Earth – ie, available free to any film-maker here who wants it – for 49,907 years. By that time, it’s also possible the current producers’ interests in the project may have waned.
Drawers where I keep papers for both DDs...
AND they are super low in calories.
Sang Hee agrees to play the part because he’s interested in her and got her paper napkin resignation letter flushed down the toilet where it belongs. But at the last minute, he realizes that the party is at his brother’s hotel and while there, does a disappearing act.
So with that said, My preferred recipe :
Two other people, including Isalgue’s 13-year-old daughter, were in the apartment. The others were not injured.
when you realized they’d passed you by?
THE ENVIRONMENT
Dress: Nine West
within the storm.
This is super important if you have an author that’s branching out into young adult, middle-grade, or children’s and as an agent, you need to manage both sides of the career.
“All Parliamentarians have an interest in the economic prosperity of this country so they should all be familiar with the issues around intellectual property. We need effective IP regulations appropriate for an increasingly knowledge based economy, to help drive the UK recovery forward.”
First up, there is this whole issue of intentionality and intentional states. Most analyses of intentional states — such as Searle’s — assume that there is a mental world and an external world. Indeed, this duality is what makes sense of the directions of fit and directions of causation proposed by Searle. This is not to say that intentional states are impossible unless they connect to an external world — I can imagine, for example, intending to change my beliefs about something — but it’s always difficult to grasp what an intentional state could be about unless at some point it joins up with the external world. This creates problems in our analysis of God’s creative act. Can we meaningfully talk about God’s intentional states as if they were similar to our own? This might also be thought to open up a potential challenge to Schieber’s refined objection since it still relies an analogies with our own intentions. But there’s something for the theist to worry about here too. Indeed, Schieber actually takes advantage of something like this in another argument he makes about God’s existence: we typically have intentions and desires because there are things in the external world that displease us and that we would like to change; but God is supposedly perfect; so when he exists on his own — as he must “prior” to the existence of the universe — he could not possible have desires and intentions like ours. So it’s difficult to understand why he would create a universe at all. (It also seems to me that divine simplicity would pose problems for divine intentionality).
SD: I truly adored Vanessa and Timothy's Central Park Boat House Wedding. The venue was just a dream...so incredibly classic and layered in history. Vanessa's Oscar de la Renta dress was also stunning...the ruffles mirrored her vibrantly-colored cascading bouquet perfectly. Everything about this wedding came across as glamorous but down-to-Earth as the same time...a hard thing to pull off, but done flawlessly here.
think about the love u once had
This is why all these recipes are so moonmaideny and non-specific - because things differ. BUT NOT THAT MUCH.
TEACHER
“God doesn’t command us to get married; he offers it to us as an opportunity. Once we enter the marriage relationship, we cannot love God without loving our spouse as well.”
Just for fun, here is my attempt at Meatloaf cupcakes, they were delicious. I saw the meatloaf muffins and adapted them into cupcakes. Haha. Huge success at my house. My son wants these for his birthday in June. LOL!
Salmon with Roasted Red Pepper Sauce
The second photo is looking across the road from the shop at Newmarket train station.
She can tell the difference between the sound of an airplane, lawn mower, and motorcycle pretty accurately. She is really into letting you know which one just passed. If you don't look at her when she tells you, she marches up, takes your face in her hands, turns it toward her, and tells you again.
1.Preheat the oven to 400. Prep your vegetables, including steaming the spinach. Be sure you press/drain the liquid out of the spinach.
Here’s my last word on the matter: good on you, Favrey – you’re a genuine one in a billion.
“It’s a kitten that some douche tried to drown.”
*I don’t officially know the number..but here are my awesomes of the day..there are loads..so please don’t think because I haven’t added you here you are not..*
The great steady wind from west or west-by-south,
You don’t have to use Wild Orchid Crafts products to enter, but if you do that would be wonderful. You can combine our challenge with any other challenges of your choice and as long as you follow the theme for this challenge and you link back to Wild Orchid Challenge blog you will qualify to be in the draw for the fab prize. NO back linking, new projects/cards only please.
Dash each salt and black pepper, or more to taste
Hey, eight nominated shows! Not bad. And I agree with most of the nominations for those shows. Even better. Some of the nominated shows are still running, so check them out while you still can.
Lu-Ray Pastels place settings and serving pieces
Thus, my Friday—and with two excellent films, delicious risotto for dinner and some honest-to-God socializing done, a deeply satisfying Friday it was. After a rather dismaying end of the work week, I realize that I really need more days like this.
Now, the strategies.
Now I'll show you how to make handmade feathers here on Blue Sky Confections. Today I'll be using embroidery floss but I've made feathers using yarn and bakers twine. Try them all and see which you prefer.
As ever, I want to thank you all for your fabulous support, encouragement and all-round awesomeness. If you have any spare thoughts, prayers (or cash!) we can still use all of it so please join me on my adventure.
As a child, my imagination took me to many places, in my head. Fairytale stories, fantasy books, and Disney movies, they all had an impact on exercising my imagination. As years passed, I found my love for art. This allowed me to transfer my thoughts and turn them into reality, on a piece of paper. I realized it was more than a love, but a natural talent, that put me in a classification with a selected few. Realizing that this just came naturally to me, I didn’t gloat or self-appraise, I merely embraced it as a happy medium. I put my talent onto paper, canvas, people’s faces, my wall, wherever I could, I used my talent.
humping boulders,
So, in case you're wondering, THIS is what a seven year old sparkle goth looks like:
when u carry a delicacy,a goody,a cookie or cakkey , u so love to realize that evrybody else loves it too and has carried the same over.........hahahahahha......
An unusual grape to us, the Rkatsiteli is from Georgia, but was widely used throughout the USSR, including Ukraine and Eastern Europe.
“Minimalism is about living maximally, making the most out of what we got. Minimalism is about de-cluttering and eliminating the things that don’t really add that much value to our lives and then focusing our attention and energy on what REALLY matters to us.
In the pond, there is this large tree trunk that lies on its side, a casualty of Hurricane Fran in 1996 when the wind snapped a large oak tree into three chunks and threw the largest one into the pond. It has remained there since, a gift to the wildlife. Everybody hangs out there, from spiders, fish and ants, to hawks, muskrats (at the same time no less), and ducks. It is the inter-species resting place, the sunning spot for 10 or 12 turtles, and the staging area for birds fishing in the pond.
Enjoy! We love feedback and photos of your project!
Today is my turn for a new weekly post for Skipping Stones Design called "FEATURE FRIDAY"....we Stamp Tramps LOVE all the cool, clever and funny sets Heather has created.....some of the older sets may have been a bit forgotten as she has introduced some of her new fabby sets, so......every Friday we will be highlighting an older set that we want you to be aware is still very fun, wonderful and available.
Still said nothing at all.
She has created numerous cards for the challenges including many magazine publications as well!!
This was great! The point of view of a mother who is driven to push her daughters to excellence and the consequences she must face and accept. This one surprised me. I was expecting something quite different. As a teacher, I see the pressures put on many students, some can handle it, others can't. Naturally, all parents want the best for their children. So did Amy Chua.
A colleague of mine told me I needed to get what's called an "SPS", or as it's commonly known, a "Salesmen Positioning Device." I soon learned that they're a little different from a traditional GPS. When I turned it on, instead of the smooth lovely voice of a woman with a slightly British accent, I was greeted by a gruff, and raspy voice that seemed to belong to a man who lived on coffee, Red Bull energy drinks, and ice-cold showers. As I pulled out of my driveway in route to my first customer, the SPS sounded something like this.
Linning: 100% Polyester
ME: I wore my cover-up dress because it’s the only decent thing I could wear so that I wouldn’t look like a wuss in a t-shirt.
to get out of the wind;
SCROLL ROSE DELIGHT 3381
I'm angry a lot these days. Or more accurately, I vacillate between anger and despair.
The Holidays are around the corner! Once October comes, time just flies on by and the next thing you know, there is snow on the ground and ornaments and lights hanging about...
Times have moved on and now shopping has become the Holy Grail of life in Dubai. Malls which make Manchester's Trafford Centre look pathetic are heaving with consumer excess as people arrive in their hoards to eat and shop, and shop, and shop. While beautifully done (the dancing fountain show at the Dubai Mall next to the ridiculously tall Burj Khalifa tower is certainly not to be missed), and impressively over-the-top, my soul felt empty and saddened that this western obsession has so taken over the eastern parts of our world, seemingly crushing their own identities, customs and religions. If Bangkok had the wealth of Dubai, I am sure it would be going the same way. The seeds of materialism have been sown, though. That is for sure. That is globalism. It is only a question of time till they grow and choke Eastern civilisations like a weed, as they have done our own, all in the name of progress.
I think of this short story as the 99 cent KDP Select experiment before I begin working on the next full length novel. Since it's such a timely piece I thought it would behoove me to take advantage of Amazon's free promotion days around Valentine's Day. I will be curious to see if giving it away free will stir some folks to seek out my other book. The other possibility is what I fear most people do with free books...download them and forget about it. However, my thinking is that if I release a short story maybe they will be more likely to actually read it quickly than have it fall into the cellar of their Kindle.
I’m not just saying that because I am married, I promise.
The UK's Dave TV station may need to think creatively about its brand, following OHIM's decision to reject its trade mark application for its key services on the grounds of earlier unregistered rights.
Ahhhh, my glamourous life. Ha!!!
-Shows that our relationship with God is based upon how well we know Him. Since He is knowable, pursuing knowledge of Him (loving the Lord with all your mind) improves your relationship with Him. It’s foolish to think that anything in the universe can become understood except for God.
I've cried so much for ***.
There is no glamour at all, it is all hard work and we usually arrange to share as much backline as possible when we know other bands. It makes the shows easier to manage and run smoothly and means more space and less fuel consumption. It’s not just good for the environment but also our wallets. There is an after show ritual that if we see a 24 hour drive thru, we have to get milkshakes. No wild parties or chaos with us.
I’ve talked with a couple of women who have been on this journey, and that has been so very helpful to see that we’re not alone and that we WILL get through this, but there is no way to do it on our own. We HAVE to give this to God. Only He is strong enough to bear a load like this. I remember expressing awhile back that I was in a spiritual funk, and I wanted to be out of that. Now I think, “Okay!! Okay!! But did You have to bring THIS, God to get me out off it????” Maybe it was that bad? :/
Target has it on sale for $16.99 (DVD), $24.99 (DVD/Blu-ray), $29.99 (DVD/Blu-ray/Digital - $24.99 after Coupon) PLUS Save $5.00 when you buy a Real Steel action figure ($7.49)
He asked to lick her between her thighs until she cried and begged for him. He wanted to take her to Florida, and New York. Of course, this escalated conversation came toward the updated communications between them, and not at the beginning.
He had the ring tucked in his sock (because I was often going through his pockets, lol) and when we parked and walked around temple square, we stopped at the reflection pool and I dug in his pockets (see) to get some pennies. We did this quite often, so I didn't care I was in my PJ's with puffy face. Until...
It’s so good that I don’t have access to more than one days worth of medications otherwise I know that I’d be doubling dosages now. I’ve already taken 2mg Clonazepam. I don’t know if it even does anything for me, but I took it. The psychiatrist prescribed me 2mg a day according to need, so I’m not meant to be taking it every day but I have been. That’s the last thing I need is some addiction to a Benzo.
Anthony Bourdain said once on his show, “there is nothing more exhilarating than having no idea where you are going.” I couldn’t agree more. For the past few months that is the emotional state I have been in. A feeling of nervous uncertainty that is simultaneously thrilling. The whole world seemed like an option.
1) A character who is based, at least partly, on the author
Good Morning Blogiverse! I hope you all had a lovely Valentine's Day. I did, I got to see a friend, it was a beautiful 70 degrees out here, and I got a ton of errands done which was great! I made my guy a cheesey home made Valentine that mentioned zombies on the inside and got him a small gift then made him fried chicken for dinner. I think I'm slowly learning how to be southern. He has been telling me for weeks he wasn't going to get me anything for Valentine's Day... and he was true to his word. I think he realized the mistake in that when he got home. I wasn't mad, just a little sad. Would have thought he would have wanted to make this Valentine's Day special because its our first year as a married couple (yes we're married, but the wedding isn't for a few more days.) Alas, he did not. Of course I've also magically gained back a pound in one day that it took me 3 days to lose, and I have no idea how so maybe its good he didn't buy me a bag of my favorite Sweet Tart Hearts or that box of Russell Stover Assorted Chocolates I pointed out to him and said 'I want that for Valentine's Day'. And yes, my darling came home and said 'I didn't know anything you wanted!' Oh well. I still love him dearly.
I love 28 Days later, I believe it made my top 20 list. But it’s sequel, 28 Weeks Later, brought me to tears. Yes it’s true. That stupid opening scene when they are in the farmhouse and the zombies get in. They run up into that room and the guy is on one side of the room and the girl is on the other side. That heart-wrenching choice between love and survival, I hate you!! Yes he left. Yes he had no choice. Yes most, if not all of us would have done the same. But it starts me up every time anyways. It’s the fact that I put myself in the situation that makes it so hard for me. Leaving those I love when they are begging for my help. And the depressing, yet terrifying theme music? It leaves such a hopeless feeling behind, I can’t help but get all teary-eyed.
Okay, so I'll sleep, then. Goodbye, everyone, and look out for more updates (and pictures, obviously) in the next 36 days!
Giveaway #27
This is a preschool teacher who gets it. She knows we all appreciate a glimpse into our child’s minds and lives when they are at school.
I reached the familiar door and slipped inside. He lay on his simple pallet beneath the window casement, but his eyes were open in the moonlight. They sparkled like dew on the grass, as did the sweat that dampened his hairline. His hand lay against his cheek, searching for the phantom wound.
Enjoy and happy eating!
The light of future day.
Play resumes at an unforgiving pace that plays to Arsenal’s advantage. With their larger squad, they can substitute nearly an entire line-up at any time.
Head might pop off!
before the battle, slowly moving
“This alternative voice can also provide checks and balances,” he said.
What a fun day! Totally loved meeting the other gals and gettin' all inky!
Shortbread cookies will be baking for afternoon tea, hand sewing the hem of a small linen petticoat for a doll, reading a few pages of a treasured book of Tasha's extraordinary life...
The arrests were made in Warangal district in Telangana region, which was once the stronghold of Maoist movement.
The People’s Temple was a cult disguised as a church started by Jim Jones, a charismatic leader with close political ties in San Francisco. One of the biggest questions people have since the terrible tragedy has been, “how did it even happen in the first place? How did people believe a word this wacko says?”
I heard a 14 year old is the new face of Miu Miu...OKAY? Whats the logic in that? Choosing a female who is still in puberty, how can a young girl relate to women. Miu Miu is disgustingly expensive for normal folk like me, but it doesn't hurt that much looking at the items and wishing so badly I own them :(
wants more media exposure for their product.
The end of April brought the first BBQ of the year for us. Very exciting. Nice to have the longer days and the warmer evenings.
Did I need some treats to make me feel better as I faced this? Absolutely. Was it better to buy a new watch than eat an extra slice of birthday cake? Definitely.
walking around on a set doesn't really hack it, you dig?
Through out the campaign, the one knock on this Juventus team was the claim that they did not possess a match-winner such as Zlatan Ibrahimovic who could beat teams on his own even when the rest were performing poorly. Time and again the Swede has dug Milan out of a hole, scoring more league goals (28) than he has ever before in a single season. And yet this is the first season in which Ibrahimovic has failed to finish top of his domestic league since 2003.
Our first matchup of the Winter Bracket of the 2012 Battle of the Books pits J.M. McDermott's When We Were Executioners against Charles de Lint's Eyes Like Leaves. Per our contest rules, I have read the first 25 pages of both, and the winner will be the book I most want to continue reading.
How can I make happiness when life is minute by minute?
Thirdly, my strawberry-rhubarb crisp was not as fantastic as I imagined it would be. I haven't had anything with rhubarb in it for many years so I thought I would give it a try. The overall product came out alright, but just didn't have either one of us coming back for more. I will include that recipe here for anyone that might be a fan and also the recipe for Lentil soup which did come out as tasty as it always does!
my cat will then pair us all up i mean elfster (thanks Kyle!) and i will send each of you your secret person. you will be paired up by Black Friday (this Friday, the 28th). i can't monitor when you send out your gift, but it would be nice if you could have it arrive by December 21st, in time for the full holiday season. any questions, just comment! thanks.
all things Silhouette.....
* I am thankful for the women in my Bible study and for the opportunity to participate in Bible study (and the childcare provisions that are available) and the freedom to worship God and speak freely about Jesus in our country.
“More than a sentence served,” God says, “I cancel sentences entirely. The forgiveness is immediate and complete. They aren’t ex-convicts.”
Pop quiz:
Cuss words are guy terms of endearment. (What up bleep face!)
Smoking is officially prohibited, but contraband cigs tend to get broken up into four or five small cigarettes and sold for, say, stamps apiece. That means a single street cigarette can fetch $25 . . . with a couple of batteries and a piece of toilet paper serving as a makeshift lighter.
And a life.
Paul Le Blanc (La Roche College, Pittsburgh) stressed the necessary interface of a revolutionary party with a ‘labour radical subculture’, which has been absent in the U.S. in recent decades.
The pursuit of personal gain and glory doesn’t inspire, it threatens. Inspiration occurs when others believe you genuinely put them before yourself.
Nightstand Crusade!
This time, America is learning about the federal government’s plan to collect and aggregate confidential patient records for every one of us.
As of today, Thimerosal is still found in Influenza vaccines, commonly known as the flu shot. Those shots are seasonal, meaning that patients are encouraged to come back every winter to get their yearly vaccine/dose of mercury.
Unschooling.
D - Fish Sticks, Sweet Potato Fries
Average bosses see business as a conflict between companies, departments and groups. They build huge armies of “troops” to order about, demonize competitors as “enemies,” and treat customers as “territory” to be conquered.
As for the new living space, nearly there - painting, painting, painting and I am sure will be for another few weekends.
Mary is the shy one, Lisa the cute one, Linda the funny one and Sandra the sexy one!
This is pretty comprehensive and can get me out of most scrapes.
Cellists are often irksome to non-cellists. It’s not their instrument that’s bad; it’s their cockiness about the instrument, their disregard for the needs of other string players. Their Subaru Outbacks become the targets for many angry looks as they putter around whistling Lalo or Popper etudes. The younger members of this clan are even more exasperating. Here are some easy things to do to annoy a young cellist.
Even though I thought I had prepared myself for something like this, at least after Wednesdays bad colic attac, it still feels unreal that I've lost my horse. I still walk into the stable with a part of me expecting him to stick his head out to greet me. The stable feels empty even though it's full of horses.
I poke fun, but I'm actually on the guy's side. I want him to keep and use the old thing. It's cool that he keeps it in service. And digital scales are kinda nasty. So, repeat after me: No Pepper Games!
5. Help Me
One of my first posts talked about figuring out how to live in this new reality. Waiting for a reality that I want doesn't seem to be working. I need to learn to make the most of the reality while it is the reality, waiting is not going to make it better. Making it better while I'm waiting is in my control and worthy of my energy. (I put that in bold to remind myself and hopefully find a way to put it into action.) Of course I also understand that in order to make the best of the moment, I must understand and accept the moment.
_____There you are !!! We were just talking about you.... well, not about you specifically but about whores and hypocrisy. (funny whore hypocrisy quote)
“The Boy at the End of the World,” Greg van Eekhout (Bloomsbury Children’s Books)
I turn to my old cats for lessons in stillness. Cats are very good at being still … for hours. When I sit in my chair in the evening, recovering from the day’s activities, my little black cat jumps into my lap, curls up and stays there … all evening … only moving if I dare to and then slotting herself back into her warm and rightful place once I have resettled myself.
No magic the Clave can summon can locate either boy, but Jace cannot stay away—not from Clary. When they meet again Clary discovers the horror Lilith’s dying magic has wrought—Jace is no longer the boy she loved. He and Sebastian are now bound to each other, and Jace has become what he most feared: a true servant of Valentine’s evil. The Clave is determined to destroy Sebastian, but there is no way to harm one boy without destroying the other. Will the Shadowhunters hesitate to kill one of their own?
2 tbsp. Grainy Mustard
Some parents have a healthy sense that even as an adult we should be feeding our inner children. We should be allowed and encouraged to let our child-like creative sides run wild. The parents who encourage these leanings in a healthy way will be rewarded. If you let your kid turn the treehouse into a launch pad, you may be grooming a future astronaut. If you help your child write about the imaginary friends that she sees, you may be nurturing a future Suzanne Collins and another Hunger Games trilogy. However, there are some parents who take away parts of a child, Boxing Helena-style. These adults slowly chip away at a child’s independence and self confidence, until the child is 42 and still living at home. The adult-man-child haunts the basement where he does nothing, but post sh*tty comments on Youtube contributing nothing to the world. Maybe there was a point where this could’ve been stopped. Maybe when your boy was a young man and he wanted to go out on that date and he asked you to help him buy some Drakkar Noir…maybe it was a mistake for you to give him this, instead…
He then enjoins on husbands the faithful observance of the reciprocal duties of more abundant attention and respect, which they owe their wives.
Zach: No mama. It is not hot. The sun went down. I show you. (gesturing towards the window)
Cindy Crawford (Fair Game)
So, I get a bountiful basket every week and I love it. Sometimes they sell more than just the regular basket and you can get produce in bulk! Well, I got ambitious and decided I wanted to order 24 lbs. of peaches and can them! I don't have a dishwasher or a big pot so I had to get creative. But I was so proud of myself. Almost all of my cans sealed. I made peach butter that cooked for two days in the crock pot and made my house smell like heaven. I also made peach preserves but I wasn't as mad about that recipe. I took some pictures of the process:
Still images hardly do this scene justice -- it's how Schreck moves across that deck that really conveys his uncanny "undeadness."
after the second year, no one goes there anymore...
I know thee well: a serviceable villain;
or in the privacy of the bathroom.............
Trollip said he had been told by a human rights activist interviewed by the generals that they handed Mbeki a thorough and "hard-hitting" report on state-sponsored violence.
English – This week we worked on pronouns and writing words in cursive.
and my slant on that great song…
Ribbon,Glossy Accents on Moon, White Gel Pen, Yellow and Pink Stickles, Twine From the Twinery
I stared at this man—this stranger—without blinking.
This is going to be another of those posts that I keep coming back to................Adding & deleting as the days progress.
Sport Relief is a UK-wide fundraising weekend when people do something, er, sporty to raise money for charities both here, and abroad.
I was heading out again anyway, so I stopped back at the vet’s office to bring it back and get the right number of pills. They apologized (again) and gave me a new box with 6 pills.
Feeling the Flow
The Washington Post criticized the McCain campaign for calling Raines an adviser to Obama, even though that fact was reported in the Washington Post itself on July 16th. The technicality and the spin here is that Raines is not officially listed as an adviser. But someone who advises is an adviser, whether or not his name appears on a letterhead.
Ma could hold tears on her eyelids longer than anyone; some days she walked around like that for hours, holding them there, not letting them drop. On those days she would trace a finger over the shapes of things or hold the telephone on her lap, silent, and you had to call her name three times before she'd give you her eyes.
