Me: Now, H, remember, chocolate milk isn’t healthy. It isn’t food, it’s a treat. We drink regular milk for lunch.
The Davis 6250 Vantage Vue home weather station has an easy-to-read backlit display that is a large 3 x 4.5 inch LCD monitor. The unit is as close to real-time as you can get with a speedy update of conditions every 2.5 seconds.
Here's a brief summary of Flight:
Just for the record, Ikea has no intention in getting into the electronics industry, so far.
Whisk together the whole egg, yolk, 1/4 cup of the sour cream, and the vanilla, in a medium bowl until just lightly combined.
See him laughing
-Gaines started Gymboree last week. He’s not really into the structured activities but loves to play there.
I was perusing the interwebs out of boredom and happened upon a girl's facebook page that I know. This particular girl dates a friend of the ex-boyfriend. Instead of avoiding the page like the plague (I have done my best not to put myself in situations that would tempt me to seek out information about the ex), I clicked on over and was checking out her pictures. Instead of finding pics of her and her boyfriend that I assumed would be there, I found a pic of the ex with his new girlfriend who just happens to be the girl's younger sister. UGH!
Way too much caffeine being consumed in the form of milk tea with honey. The brown rice wraps are making me sluggish. Realizing too late we could have gone to the first ever home game of the Philadelphia Spinners (our local team of the brand spanking new professional Ultimate league that debuts this weekend) in lieu of the Phillies game (and saved lots of dough).
I learned quickly that there are no right or wrong answers. I had to experiment A LOT and learn what was best for me. In fact, four years later, I am still experimenting and still researching. I don’t expect I will ever stop.
“I…uh….” Was my oh-so-witty observation as I turned to go get help from the manager who’d put my groceries in the cart-from-hell in the first place.
Since then continuous up gradation is being done and more development is being progressed in order to attract gamers.
The dramatic increase in piracy off the East African coast, in particular off the coast of Somalia – and recently the Saudi super-tanker off Kenya’s coast as well as the Chinese and Greek vessels - has led to an increase in naval activity in the area aimed at protecting vessels that may be targeted by the pirates. US and British warships, known as Task Force 150 (the international naval and air effort in the Gulf of Aden), have counter-piracy as part of their mission. But this mission is restricted in its scope as Task Force 150 has more serious matters to contend with. Some PMCs, along with a single independent Russian warship, also find themselves in this area engaged in protection and counter-piracy duties off these dangerous coasts.
The film to me is a marvelous concept but I’m not sure it satisfies beyond its originality. The experience of watching it – at least in the first 28 minutes which lack spoken language, is more for the excellent audio aspects rather than the visuals. In one segment it is early morning. The setting is a mist covered countryside. We hear a sound approaching from a distance. We’re not sure but eventually we see a group of men on their horses approaching. Visually they come from out of the mist – but the highlight is the sound.
They looked great, it was hilarious and just a bit of fun. This country has the best humor in the world, don't like it, don't live here, simples.
I’m sure these games abounded with tactical errors. But I feel I played more strongly for having been exposed to these positional ideas, and by thinking about the imbalances in the position.
Written by Gloria Edwards, Beeld
Everybody has a connection or two that demonstrates the characteristics of a born leader. It could be a family member, a co-worker, a neighbor. There is someone in your life that inspires you to action. Not because you have to, because you want to.
I'm NOT a member of CAMRA, I won't be as long as people like Shirley are in charge.
The studies showed antibodies which may be indicative of a Thyroiditis which can be an auto-immune response or and infection. With the family history of Lupus and Rheumatoid Arthritis, it is most likely and auto immune response.
One site being looked at is land near Twerton Woods at Lower Bristol Road, where 15 transit places could be established.
Dr.: You look great.
“Their fate has been written. Your interference has only delayed what will be.”
Then one of the best Christmas cartoons - A Muppet Christmas Carol. The little narrorator muppets crack me up. (Are you seeing a trend - I like to laugh!)
———, Fourth Ezra: A Commentary on the Book of Fourth Ezra (Minneapolis: Fortress Press, 1990).
03. Poem For Elizabeth Taylor - 1947
We are getting awfully good at the art of compromise.
Justice Minister Ergin responded that such worries were baseless. The Peace and Democracy Party (BDP) has also raised concern that the law could be used to target Kurdish business people and the municipalities it holds in the southeast.
Let me start by saying, I really like our preschool teachers! We've been with most of them through three kids now, and one more will start next year...I tend to agonize over what to give them at the end of every year.
I do like how after the karaoke, her wonderful male co-workers let a drunk girl walk home on her own. Sure, it’s to give our leads some alone time but how ridiculous. Anyway, she chooses to take him home with her (yeah, it sounds a lot naughtier than it was) and shows him the lovely plane ticket he’d sent to her.
Oh, what agony must have filled Mary’s mother-heart that day, probably never realizing the impact of that scene for the thousands of generations yet to come.
As a vision, Turtle Stone goes back about six years. As brewery startup, things started coming together more seriously three to four years ago, with the acquisition of brewing equipment and scouting a location. Ben and his partner, his girlfriend Becky Pedersen, saw the pace quicken last year with federal regulators signing off on the project and brewery construction taking place through the fall and winter. Last week's visit by ABC inspectors was the breaking of the finish-line tape to what had become a bit of a marathon. Despite that, there are still a few more details to get in hand, such as bringing the 15-barrel brewhouse online and adding a tasting room. (Ben hopes to have that taken care of by summer.)
"It'll take you right there," the woman said.
Then we move toward the background images, where someone is looking out the doorway, where his identity has been disputed: some say it’s Lee Oswald, others that it’s Billy Lovelady; but if it’s Lee Oswald, then he can’t be on the 6th floor shooting at JFK:
There’s another thing that points to the author being the rightsholder of out-of-print books, even if one concedes that the precedents above aren’t conclusive. Almost all commercial book contracts include a reversion clause that allows authors to reclaim all of their rights and terminate the contract after the book has gone out of print. Considering that a book such as The Lost Country has been out of print for at least four decades, wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume that a canny author like Mr. Salamanca had reverted his rights?
3. Combine cucumber, shallots, and next 6 ingrediets (thru chile) in a large bowl; toss gently. Cover and set aside.
A little over ten years ago, before nearly everyone in the world was connected by Internet and cell phones, people traveled across continents, to remote islands or even just to a resort in Florida for a week without touching bases with their friends and family beyond an occasional phone call. On long journeys travelers wrote letters and postcards home and could receive mail at any post office in the world via Poste Restante. You can still get mail this way: anyone can address a letter to you at Poste Restante, your local post office.
2. If you are crying about something REALLY serious, you don’t have to go there. We will hold you and talk to you and help you move through your emotions. But, if it’s about missing Nana, or Grammy Brooks, or Grandpappy for the 72nd time that day, then yes, please go to the cry station.
However, I was looking forward to it because I love this old town of mine and I love Vintage, and as a bonus, I was asked to work for the Chap Magazine for the weekend which meant I go to hang out with all my favourite people, and get free passes all weekend.
1/4 tsp. paprika
years to serve till thirty, above five and under ten, till twenty eight, above
They’re shaking hands like strangers – that’s all that either dares:
We are getting rid of our directv within the next month. I will be SO glad! It will cause us to consume less tv time and more time doing things and spending better time together as a family. :)
"Overview The Republic of South Sudan is yet to become a member of WIPO and to ratify any of the treaties administered by it. Copyright Office
“As the Earth rotates, the cloak’s fabric changes in appearance to match the stars we see overhead.” Lady MacKennon’s fingers worked rapidly to tie an ornate closure beneath her daughter’s chin. The hood’s wide, green satin ties flowed in and out of Hannah’s confident hands, while her lips moved in a soft prayer. Panther thought she recognized a cadence used by the great fairy poets of ancient times. The girl’s eyes opened wide with surprise. Hannah was speaking in the Heraldry of Kings! How had her mother mastered this difficult language, when her apprenticeship had been cut short? Hannah must have been an extremely gifted student.
The only thing to note for other budget foodies, is that valet parking at the hotel will run you $12 minimum before tip. If you are very lucky, you might be able to find street parking - but it's simply easier, given the location, to just valet park it.
we reached thai”s car and i immediately explained to him the discreet communication i had with angelo . according to angelo, the other guy established eye contact with him 3x lasting upto 5-8 seconds. thai was laughing and shaking his head. it’s very trivial but the excitement was overflowing for us.
a) the total amount of yarn I had used so far – I could easily measure this by weighing the remaining skein and subtracting from the total
probably most famous for the Bull Ring and Spaghetti Junction, but it has
This was my second year for the A-Z Challenge.
Espresso alcohol ink
There is something that most people don't realize about teaching. Think of your time with your children, doing anything. Now add to that a teachable moment. IF you are an extrovert, as many teachers (most?) are, then you must pull yourself back, make space for the child to learn. You have to ask questions rather than making demands. You have to wait to let their brain work. You must edit any critical or impatient thought (if you have them, usually mine are directed at me). You hold the space.
And your mom would drink until she was no longer speaking
Everyone should prepare their complete character sheet and email it to me or post it on the blog. I will review and revise it as needed and repost the final sheet.
Which ink color is your favorite? and which shade do you want to make of it?
BUT...I am finally taking some blog time
3/sword – Hero removes the Staff.
EMERSON, selected and arranged by Frank Crocitto.
Online Shopping Deals For Consumers
All in all , a very well planned and great metal concert. Thanks to the organizers for bringing in Arch Enemy to Malaysia. Definitely will attend more concerts!
According to a criminal complaint, two motorists were stopped Nov. 18, but the men didn't make contact with either driver, and a third stop was attempted. During one stop, one of the men remarked that, "No matter how many times we do this, this (expletive) never gets old."
3. Male nipples - Nothing more than decorations
in the past few months, i have spent time with friends
As soon as I saw this fabric I knew I had to have this dress.
Last night was a great time and I thoroughly enjoyed feeling special. I marvel at the trouble people sometimes go to in order to let others know they are OK and mean something. Despite anything else that goes on, there is a lot of good in the human race.
Now all you have to do is figure out if you want small pockets, one big pocket etc and you can sew it how you need it. You could also add another pocket to the other side of the runner if you like, but in my case on the other side is the dogs kennel, so for right now this is all I need.
There was no fear and the possibilities were endless, but in the end R settled for taking the watch, thus sticking to M´s plan. It felt heavy in his hand and he wondered if this was due merely to its metallic structure, or if the responsibility, obligations and power that came with it also had mass, also had weight that could be measured.
and as always
In a reign of less than 30 years (706-729) he brought deliverance to his land from Dark Age beliefs, dissolved petty rivalries and united his nation through church, wealth and powerful alliances. He was one of few Pictish royals to die in his bed (732).
We slept late on Saturday due to our late night in Austin. We met Georgia Ockerman, her daughter Emily, and Shirley (her son Jacob's girlfriend) at The Cove. The Cove was featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. It is part laundromat, part restaurant, part car wash. Great experience. Amazing food. Definitely a place you should try.
Ndebele responded by telling Kok “don't you salute the colonel?”. Kok responded by saying that she had 'not seen the colonel' (it was at night), but then Mrs Ndebele snarled at the young Afrikaner police officer: “You think you are special because of your skin colour, because you are white”.
If you want some good experience in doing something that can help you as well, let's make the news with the April Challenge. Go to the A to Z Challenge Blog and read my tips on how to do this. Then if you want more information, follow the links that I've provided to get a quick lesson in promotion. There are also links to some actual A to Z articles that can be found on line.
BBQ Baked Chicken
The FIDS screens now started playing ball and showed at least 10 flights that were to have a delayed departure. Then came the gate change.
Howdy folks. Been a while since I have been able to post. My Masters program has been pretty busy… just finished my first class on Friday! I am so stoked. Once you have the first one under your belt you feel so much better! I also lost a very dear friend to cancer and that has kind of kicked my butt.
The test takes about 10 minutes and is performed in a physician’s office. About 25% of patients with angina have normal electrocardiograms. Another type of electrocardiogram, the exercise stress test, measures response to exertion when the patient is exercising on a treadmill or a stationary bike.
Her mouths to big and her eyes to small.
“You are quite right to speak in that thankful tone. It’s a horrid little paper—all brown-paper patterns and advice to the lovelorn and puzzles. I do a short story for it every week, under various names. A duke or an earl goes with each story. I loathe it intensely.”
Zatter is the next Nile-door paradise of matter
We headed out early to to the Paddle Boats around the monuments. It was such a cool and pretty morning. We were out on the water for at least an hour and didn't want to come back! The view of the monuments from the Tidle Pool is my favorite.
2010.07.30 Iraq Buhriz 4 0 Four members of a family are blasted to death by al-Qaeda bombers.
I roll over and look at the clock
It’s a fairly safe bet the motion will be granted. Judge Richard Allen Griffin, concurring in Lewis, wrote:
Retreated up a pipe of sewage.
I remember so often placing my tiny hand in his big one
Split into two areas, the first thing you notice on entering here is that you aren’t in Euston anymore. Gone are the sticky carpets and basic furniture. Instead you have sofas and booths and an open fire. Very nice. The menu went untried but, in keeping with the area, the quality looked a cut above the Bree. What did go down well were the monster pork scratchings which were a talking point in themselves.
Good to see you again Mac's; I'm pretty happy it's under more favourable living conditions though.
Love and duty become one as Aidan strives to prevent Phoebe from becoming the next victim. But with Phoebe just as determined to protect Aidan and her new home, secrets from her past threaten to tear them apart. Will love give Phoebe the strength to trust Aidan and face her fears, or will her past destroy her future?
It was such a sweet thing to do!
www.eircomphonebook.ie. Just type in the name and the location and you’ll get your number.
1 Samuel 2:1-2–And Hannah prayed and said:
The Jetta TDI is different. With strong torque available from low revs thanks to the turbocharged diesel engine, it really punches through the gears, and even at freeway speeds it has plenty of shove for quick overtaking. It’s also a lot more fun when you get to the corners, so even without considering economy the Jetta TDI has plenty of merits.
In the past few years, Leinster have earned a rightful reputation for being the most free-flowing and clinical team in Europe, developing a strength of character that makes them a force anywhere they play and performing with a ferocious intensity that very few teams can cope with.
The patent community can't very well address a problem that it can't understand.
All told, I spent more money on gas to get to the signing than I did selling books.
Tony is well travelled and has lived in places all over the world. He's an Englishman at heart though and in recent years has moved back to the UK to be with his love, a woman who is also part of Squidoo, debnet .
This weeks Cafe Church, Wednesday 18th April 8:00 pm at The Hurst Kingsley will be looking at the theme of self worth. As part of the evening we will be watching the Nooma video Tomato which is classic Rob Bell. Whilst his content will not stretch a theology student, he is most definitely accessible to the populous. Better that than an accusation of being clever but irrelevant!
In essence, he's John Rambo redux, and Deadly Prey could be seen a low-rent variation on First Blood (1982), even if its good-versus-evil setup places it in more of an uncomplicated Rambo: First Blood, Part II (1985) mindset than in the more intriguingly ambiguous mold of Ted Kotcheff's original. (There's one shot of Danton pointing a machine gun up in the air and firing off a bunch of rounds that recalls a similar shot towards the end of Part II, except without Stallone's howl of testosterone-fueled frustration while he does it.) And just as Rambo's last name reminded Pauline Kael of his "namesake" Arthur Rimbaud, Danton's last name recalls Georges Jacques Danton, the Frenchman who is often credited for being one of the pivotal figures of the French Revolution. You could say that the Danton of Deadly Prey initiates his own revolution against Col. Hogan, Lt. Thornton and the rest of this sadistic band of mercenaries—though this Danton is hardly the more morally ambiguous Danton of French history (Georges Jacques was eventually convicted of financial corruption and killed by guillotine).
Beyonce looked stunning in this Givenchy Haute Couture gown and showed off her post baby curves. I absolutely love how the gown looks on her and the side pulled back hairdo goes well! The purple feathers look pretty nice on her too and the coralesque lips are pretty.
Happy Sunday everyone and
This is the one Craig singles out, but do look at the rest of his argument:
So, too, everyone who points their browser at Wikipedia is already a member, or to use their terminology an “editor” or “contributor.” No one checks your bona fides at the door to make sure that you understand how they do things. In fact, that’s part of the genius of this – it’s recognized to be a good thing to have the input of people who see things differently, who have different expectations, different backgrounds and perspectives, and, thus, different gifts to offer. So everyone who shows up at the door is instantly an editor – or member – and instantly able to participate. To contribute. To make suggestions. To actively change things.
Watch people crowd around to see whose birthday they share. 750 women from U.S. history are named on this oversized poster with day by day listings and a colorful border with images representing their many activities. Alphabetical index included for cross reference. 24″ x 37″ Celebrate Women Poster +Index of Names created by Margaret Zierdt.
Now that you know why you should seriously consider getting PLR articles, here are some ways to get you started on profiting from them.
Once you have massaged the face the muscles will or should be relaxed and loose. Now get the patient to do as many of the following Facial Stretching Exercises – adapted from the Strokehelp blog. Each stretch should be done 3 times working up to at least 5 repetitions.
The Illinois Department of Health and Family Services has released a series of proposed regulations which it will be publishing in the Illinois Register on August 13, 2010. These regulations, in part, implement the federal Deficit Reduction Act provisions passed in February of 2006. For those in the Chicagoland area that are interested, there will be a 45-day public comment period as well as public hearings scheduled for September 13, 2010 at 9:00 a.m. at the Michael A. Bilandic Building, 160 North LaSalle Street, Chicago, Room 500.
Do we ask our way to be,
Yeah, we can now say that I fell off the wagon. This is excellent fatty pastrami, although less heavily spiced than other versions I’ve had, such as from Katz and Liebman’s.
15. Photo Album (prod. by Stijn Beats)
It's not my style to point fingers or run down publishing services. I try to review and analyse with a professional eye as best I can. I have highlighted Raider's freshness and innovation over time as much as I have sincerely underlined the deep concerns I now have about Raider in delivering what they claim to deliver. For me, in December, we reached the endgame. It would take some extraordinary turnaround for Adam Salviani to reignite what was once a top-ten publishing service in my eyes. (Raider is now listed no. 40 as of January 2011 in the Self-Publishing Index)
1500 kegs of VB donated to RSL clubs to sell and raise cash at ‘street level’. (Last year)
The minister added the Board of Censors would consist of eminent persons in various fields and will be similar to the board that scrutinizes films shown in the country
I may even ask a few of my blogging buddies to take us on a "Field Trip" of their favorite stores.
‘Ironstone was a new stoneware product introduced by Charles James Mason in Staffordshire, England in 1813. Mason claimed Ironstone was harder than earthenware and stronger than porcelain. The name suggested strength and durability. It contained none of the mineral ironstone and only naturally occurring trace amounts of iron. Called at various times Mason’s Ironstone China ore Ironstone Porcelain, it is not true porcelain. Many companies quickly copied Mason’s product after his patent expired.’
2.Thank the blogger who gave it to you and include a link to their blog.
Build your vision - make your motivation strong, strong enough to keep you going through all the highs and.... those few rainy days.
Here's how the city would "shrink" under the plan:
This was my first brush with Evil, up close and unrelenting. By the time the program was over, I was (I now know) in a state of shock. I had just been traumatized by the enormity of our human capacity for malevolence. My innocence was a dead, useless skin, quickly molted and left behind. I remember being angry as only idealistic adolescents can be. When my mother returned — she had been at some devotional at church — I was beside myself. In fact, from then on I could understand what that phrase meant.
Rock: Just before reaching the Church Street end, you will encounter two ravines that converge near the trail on the left. The boulders are so plentiful that they resemble the ramparts of a fortress. You may find it hard to resist scrambling up them. If you decide to make the short climb, check out the view from the rocky outcrop nearest the trail and next to a small stream for a fine view of the forest floor and the lake beyond.
The previous owner, Michele Rappa, amassed 16 violations starting in April 2009, officials said.
The class is only $20 and we used the brand new Graphic 45 Old Curiosity Shoppe range and Imaginarium Designs Chipboard! You need to book and pay on the day at the Seriously Scrapbooking stand at the expo and spots are limited!
If you like the filmgoing experience, then odds are you like trailers for motion pictures. There's nothing like the little excitement you get at seeing a peek of some eagerly awaited motion picture. However, watching teasers and trailers, it's easy to forget that they are in some way an art form at once exquisite and kitschy, and for some of us a spark igniting tremendous memories.
Here, stolen directly from Goatboy, are the painted shots:
I digress . . . back to my card! This little darlin' is actually a Sassy Cheryl rubber stamp called "Lovely Lulu." You can find the entire Lovely Lulu set - along with this perfect little sentiment - at Kraftin' Kimmie's HERE!
(I know I’ve been gone a while. Life, it’s gotten hectic. Sorry!)
R - ...and there are a few new spreads to be drawn, as well as some changes to already-drawn artwork. But it's close now. I can feel it, like a giant shift in the force.
If you bear the above paragraph in mind, you’ll realise you do not have to mention every character in the book, but you must include all the important ones. Similarly, you do not need to detail every twist and turn of the plot, but you must show clearly what the book is about, the highs and lows of the story, what is at stake for the main characters, and how the heroes deal with the plot shifts.
A new campus life building has opened to students.
So what is the answer? Do we need to burn our iPads and start wearing knee britches and long gowns and waiting months for letters to arrive while frantically sitting in drafty mansions working at an embroidering of a spaniel?
So here is my tutorial (be sure to read through carefully, and then later ignore...as I would):
Here are a few of their scientifically-backed tips for making healthier food choices. Many of these tips have been put in place in lunchrooms as part of their “Smarter Lunchrooms Initiative,” but I think they can also be adapted for use at home, particularly if you are struggling with a child who has very particular food preferences.
I’ve been lucky to have my work published in several places this year, Autosport.com being the most notable one, but also several magazines including Motorsport, Racecar Engineering and Autosport (Japan).
Only films produced and released between December 2010 and December 2011 were eligible.
Cover Chatter: (As usual, click to embiggen the cover.)
The legislature is back in session now, and the repeal attempt is being made again. A House committee has passed the repeal bill, and it is expected the full House will agree. But it is also expected that the Senate will kill the attempt once more.
And another dose of feelgood came when I saw this picture of Robert Downey Jr in Liverpool with Jude Law last weekend.
The rest of the schedule is as follows:
I’ve got a lot of goodies to find. I have only heard/eaten 4 of these.
Added YTD: 51 yards
have quickly said this solves the problem.
Then one spring, we noticed that Sterling wasn’t around. When he would go missing for a day or two, we wouldn’t worry too much. After all, in the springtime all tomcats go searching for love in all the wrong places. But then a few more days went by, and we could tell that Daisy was worried too. She’d stand in the yard and watch the meadow. A few days later, she had become listless and only wanted to lay beside the napping house. When my beloved went to check on her, that’s when he found Sterling. He’d crawled into the napping house and peacefully died, where his faithful friends would find him. My beloved buried him beside the other fur babies who had passed.
could you write a little bigger please
a source of fluid coupled to said cell delivery barrel for ejecting said cells from said cell delivery barrel under the control of the user.
stage.
Isaiah 44:6
I have made marshmallows before, but these are different. The Epicurious Marshmallows I made before were super soft and had an airy melt-in-your mouth texture. There was no way you could cook those marshmallows over a campfire without having a drippy mess on your hands. But they were wonderful in a cup of hot cocoa, flavored with mint and melting into creamy hot chocolate.
you're in.
First & foremost, you must be able to:
Expressing feelings about anything related to match schedule, team description, spicy issues or any other thing. Cricket forum, as the live cricket online to do his level best not to miss even a single victory. Cricket, countries and international equations. Cricket transcends all boundaries. Howzat for a game of thrills and excitement of a female field cricket may be some that are completely glued to each happening in the international cricket front and one can discuss and find out such cricket fans love disusing about everything that is being played. Podcast is nothing but simply means publishing audio files in the cricket online scorecard a high quality all digital network. As a pioneer and a terminally ill patient watching the live cricket online a cricket enthusiast needs to be heard, once the live cricket game is really no reason to have best possible medium to take pleasure of world cup. There are numerous sites that provide this information will help them to get into the live cricket news and due to ad business. Every player gets a chance to view the live cricket online by your favorite cricketers and you can share your opinion and views on any issues about cricket. Earlier, the live cricket online it will be discussed during a tournament. If you disable an application it will be required to purchase and download the live cricket keeper and storage capability of your favorite tournament, then you need to find out a tiny cause and this becomes so serious that people either stick themselves to cricket and cricketers.
To turn, one’s forced to storm a parapet,
My image this week is from the set "Bloomin' Stitches." This beautiful image was colored using my ProMarkers. I found some beautiful paper in one of my DCWV stacks. I added some bling to finish off this card.
A forest on a spaceship. That is a fun idea. However, I think this idea has less to do with providing the ship with oxygen and more with presenting an image. Amy Pond is wearing a red hoodie and spends much of this episode in a forest. A girl, red hood, forest. Another image designed to remind us of fairy tales. Amy is also counting backwards from ten, counting down as The Angels continue to assert control over her. The countdown is to do nothing more than make Amy afraid as the Angel inside her mind continues to gain control. The only solution is to shut down Amy’s visual centers, practically, to close her eyes. The Weeping Angel dynamic is now completely turned on its head. In order to survive, we can’t blink, we cannot look away from The Angels. In order for Amy to survive, however, she cannot open her eyes. She is surrounded by Angels at one point, but cannot open her eyes. Terrifying.
Jacob, Son of Lehi: The firstborn of Lehi in the wilderness. Noted for quoting at length previously unknown prophet Zenos’ “allegory of the olive tree,” which is interesting mostly because neither Jacob nor his audience would have ever seen an olive tree.
The centerpiece of this spot is a little saddleback climbing structure—the primary reason that my kid chooses this place over others. It was here where my wife and I discovered that our daughter is not afraid of heights, or jumping from them. It was here that she realized that she could climb up and over something—she didn’t have to go back the way she came. Revelatory. And it was here where she had her very first violent encounter.
What has helped me so much more to actually stop fidgety eating has been Lent. Honestly, I wasn’t very faithful in terms of completely abstaining from sweets but it helped me to relearn restraint. More importantly, I’m learning how to live without an addiction. How to calm my cravings, my need for satisfaction, by actually doing something satisfying. As I’ve healed from that relational disaster, and regained a healthy sense of self, I’m learning that my weight isn’t an adequate shield for my internal self. Instead, I need to trust myself and establish appropriate boundaries in all and not just most of my male friendships. I also could use to be pickier about the men I let really close to me, like say not letting myself need exceedingly damaged men. (So far, I’m 13 months sober!)
While researching usability, I hadn’t considered planning for errors and offering the learner an alternative path to recover from the error without becoming frustrated.
Piper Bayard was drugged and kidnapped by a merciless band of Somalian pirates, but they greatly underestimated what can be stored in mini-skirt pockets, and were “blown away” by the AK-47 she kept in her back pocket. After jumping ship and swimming to shore, she realized her wallet fell out in the ocean, and greatly mourned the loss of her signed picture of Johnny Depp she kept in there. Luckily Nemo found the wallet and promptly returned it. Moral of the story: don’t underestimate mini skirts.
34. Luhan was born on April 20, 1990. ± 178cm height. And his blood type is O.
Liberated Woman
send to grandpa and grandma.
The paper first generated outrage from Duke’s Black Student Alliance. The H-S revealed that the organization e-mailed the state NAACP to complain that “the implications and intentions of this research at the hands of our very own prestigious faculty, seemingly without a genuine concern for proactively furthering the well-being of the black community is hurtful and alienating.” Newt couldn’t have handled the faux grievance angle better!
2. You'll save $65.00 on registration which equals two mango mojitos, a nice Cuban dinner, and Cuban dessert at a great South Beach restaurant.
Growing up I was taught that you should carefully choose friends and the people you hang out with. Make sure they have the same standards and goals. Seminary gave me the quote, "If you lie down with dogs, you will get up with fleas" meaning that you might pick up undesirable habits if you surround yourself with people who do undesirable things. Growing up that always meant people who did drugs, went drinking on the weekend, smoked...you know the "bad kids". Now, at work I get to hear all these 'great' stories about drinking or getting high with a girlfriend's mom or fights at a bar and I think, I don't care to be like that. But, it was so hard growing up and being on the outskirts of popularity because I didn't 'party' on the weekend.
I love you, my dearest.
Some of the quotes from the article show how a study like this operates. For instance:Social conservatives were defined as people who agreed with a laundry list of statements such as "Family life suffers if mum is working full-time," and "Schools should teach children to obey authority."I guess smart liberals believe that a mother working outside the home full-time couldn't possibly have any downside for family life, and that their indoctrination of schoolkids in things like environmentalism, global warming, and the essential evilness of America's past don't constitute teaching children to obey their authority.
The few that have loved me, I hope my efforts and my heart reached out to all of you in equals. I may not be good with that kind of love but I believe if you deserved as much as you gave, I never hesitated to make you feel so. Am shying now because love is not my thing and I dont talk of it much though I know it exists. Its a topic I call a no go zone because you can hit or miss and there is no pain known, well I have read, greater than that caused by love. So that side is just flowing in quiet waters right now. Away from that…
He said, “I cannot comprehend the neglect of a family library in such days as these.” (I totally agreed with this idea. I have on more than one occasion said that I could live in a library or a bookstore and never feel the want of anything more than food and water and the occasional ray of sunshine.)
The history of “Sittin’ On Top Of The World” neatly exemplifies the cross-pollination that has occurred between the blues and bluegrass. The Mississippi Sheiks, an African American blues band, first recorded the song in 1930. By 1935, it had been recorded by the king of Texas swing, Bob Wills. I’d be curious to hear proposals as to which musician made the first bluegrass recording— a distinction that I would think is a bit hard to pin down, inasmuch as a number of string bands were playing the tune before bluegrass as such existed. In any case, the song has been a staple of bluegrass for at least six decades.
grossest sort, prevail against our manhood, lest we be dishonoured and
If my first experience with Photoshop would’ve been that it would only work nicely after I had really finetuned it, I would never have given it a chance. I would pick a tool that the producers of would understand what the first impression should be.
For the first time in the council’s history I think, they’re showing a concern about this unevenness and it’s having a special inquiry which will involve, among other things, an internal examination. We’ll be trying to work why it is that the proportion of Queensland applications is so low and what can be done about it.
he makes our family different. & perfect.
Thanks to WorldCat, I now know more about the history of the 48th Highlanders, and more about my husband's great-uncle Jack, who served as bandmaster for 50 years.
I was unable to get out of bed due to the monitors. Everytime the nurse would come in she would go directly to the screen to check my contractions and the heartbeat. I was also not allowed food or water. I told the nurse I had sensative teeth so I couldn't eat ice chips. She said she'd be back and came in with a jug full of ice cubes. They were too big for my mouth. When she left my husband told me to just let them melt and then drink it. That sounded like a great idea, only the nurse took my jug from and put fresh ice cubes in them.
The layered flower started with a piece of cheesecloth, topped with a pink fabric rose from Frogfeathers on Etsy, a tea-stained Hug Snug bow,a pink felt flower made of small die-cut felt hearts, and a couple Prima flowers with a little touch of clear glitter...
“The one thing worth living for, is to keep one’s soul pure.” (Marcus Aurelius)
The bag was thrown by a woman who was reportedly heard muttering something about fur. She was then caught by one of Kim’s reps and taken away by security.
The Hermes Birkin imitation totes show up below this kind of injury in which you'll find diverse patterns, colour, dimensions, and materials obtainable in different kinds of Hermes Birkin imitation totes out there. Each precise object of Hermes Birkin imitation totes delivers diverse type and ambiance for each girl. A variety of them serves as a an event or outside ornament although some people might baggage may be far more associated with office variations. Girls can decide out the envisioned variations on the diverse collection agencies to match their flavour and personal preference.
The reality is that it will take another four years of consistent and high-profile campaigning on issues of race equality for the party to have any chance of making serious in-roads to capturing Labour’s black voters in 2016. That will be the acid test of their real commitment. If the party lapse back into silence on these issues again it will be back to square one.
But one doesn’t recover from Eepistolaphobia in one day. There are still 278 emails left after the first pass. The pressure is mounting. So friends, fans, relatives, Prince of Estonia, sad kittens and cute dogs, I abjectly apologize for ignoring you. As Scarlet O’Hara, the famed philosopher said, “After all, tomorrow is another day!”
A love that consumes me,
Drinking in living water from God's very creation, His whispers to my heart from the life bursting out on our little homestead, I was refreshed that evening. The leak was plugged, my energy renewed.
So you know me, I decided to leave up the 4 foot tree in the Den, which I usually take down after Valentine's Day ,and turn it into a St. Patrick's Day Tree.
The gowden gates o’ Heav’n an’ my ain countrie.
When I was diagnosed in Denmark more than five years ago, it was the doctor who pointed me to a site on the internet with more information about a necessary diet, the necessary supplements, the correct kind of exercise, and other such hoopla. The website was pink in color, but it was doctor recommended, so I read it and have now finally followed.
kind of paintings with it. All types of paper actually, I cut
Riding down the street on Thanksgiving Day will be the Parade’s fantastic lineup of floats that feature landscapes of fantasy. These moving stages transport millions of spectators on unexpected journeys. This year’s fleet includes 27 floats, seven of which are new. The rookies include the holiday quest on board Dora’s Christmas Carol Adventure™; the dance party on Elves Raise the Roof; the scrumptious delights on board the Home Baked Goodness float; the historical significance of Mount Rushmore’s American Pride; the adorable traveling duck family of the On the Roll Again float; the icy beauty of the Snow Queen, and the legendary stage of the Top Hat! float.
Life is such a lottery.
“Daddy...” She says. “Do you think the little boys and girls in my old school miss me?”
Let me digress for a moment, my “warm market” was all dried up and I was wondering if I would even continue with this endeavor. I was searching the internet for a company that could help and MLSP kept popping up everywhere. I decided to try it out and whammo it hit me I was doing it all wrong. Then fear sets in “can I do this?” Well after diving in, setting everything up I am now averaging 10-15 leads per day and now my business is on automatic 24/7!
So I've been bad. I was supposed to write a post but I was once again pulled into playing TF2 again by some of my crew. I don't even know why they started up again, but I guess it's just something to play for the time being. Things are seriously different now that they have the store and trading. I keep getting hounded by people just so they can try to collect hats. One guy offered me 8 weapons for me to give him my Soldiers helm that I got for being the one person to actually buy worms reloaded. Turned him down, if he wanted the hat so bad he could just go buy the dam game himself.
It's mechanical, which I was fine with. Both a local high school and a university use it for their sewing programs, so you know it is durable. It makes decent one-step buttonholes, can handle multiple layers of denim like it was nothing.
I posted on Craigslist... nothing...
Mrs. Obama is on the cover of next month's Essence Magazine wearing a lovely vintage 50's dress from New York Vintage.
A French towel rail I have painted with Farrow & Ball's French Gray. I really don't like the orangey varnish which is sometimes used on these items and think it looks much better having received a make-over.
It was about that point that I realized I was still holding her hand. So I let it go. “Oh. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to do that. I mean. I didn’t mean to…” And I put my hands in my pockets. It was an unwritten rule that I’d broken, and I knew that. And so did she. And she knew too that I had deliberately tossed that rule out the window, and taken her hand anyway.
I end up making myself a couple of pieces of toast. I ask him how his mom is doing. I ask him about his work for the day. He asks me if I want to go out to lunch tomorrow. I ask him what time and he says, lunch time. So I ask again, what time. Then he sets a time. Then there’s nothing left to talk about and it’s only 8 o’clock. I start feeling really sad. And I’m still hungry.
I am not (nor have ever been) a professional decorator, but over the years many people have told me that I have good taste and that our home looks lovely! That's always so nice to hear. Frequently friends or relatives would jokingly ask if I would come and decorate their home. I helped Ratchlet decorate parts of her home and gave her input when she recently re-did their kitchen and baths. Now I have no credentials for doing such a thing, but I do enjoy putting a room together or updating as time goes by. It's fun and it doesn't always cost a fortune either.
When Cayce talks about the glands being the major key of orchestrating all the activities of the physical body, including its manifestations and perceptions, he also mentions as the major centers of this power, the Pineal, Pituitary, Thymus, Thyroid, Adrenals and sexual glands; even knowing that there are other glands inside of the human body.
PATRICK WOLF – SLOW MOTION
When the Kingdom is yet to be established, as is the case until the final point is formulated in Malkuth, strife is inevitable. This is the gradual development of the powers of Chesed and Geburah (Mercy and Severity) above the tree, they represent, “the strife of contending forces.” –spoken of in Liber Librae; thus the work of the magus in Tiphareth, and in all work upon the Middle Pillar, “to seek the light through their reconciliation.” Netzach represents in this struggle the experience of Victory, the reconciliation of opposition through force and passion. Hod represents the role of Strategy, cunning and wile, the overcoming of opposition through keen intellect, quick wit and applied logic. Together Netzach and Hod represent Harmony and Community and also represent the spoils of war, and the luxuries of peace: Love and Poetry, Art and Agriculture on the side of Netzach, Politics and Philosophy, Science and Industry on the side of Hod. These are the building blocks of civilization; once established they form the foundation that will inform and construct their Kingdom.
It could equally be applied to the derision served on Aaron Ramsey who performed admirably under those conditions. Pulis resorted to type by trying to paint Shawcross as the victim rather than the perpetrator. Any ridicule though was delivered to them piercingly and unintentionally, by Gary Lineker. His attempt to ape Stoke humour showed them in all their glory, just how laughable their attempt at humour was.
It seems I know I know eight things about Turkey, which is not very much.
I wonder where you’re reading this—a kitchen, a coffee shop, a prison cell, a military post? Perhaps you’re in a hospital or a courtroom. It may be a room that reflects everything that’s right in your life or a place that represents all that’s wrong. And you might be afraid.
The Prestige records Earland made between 1969 and 1974 remain his finest work. Intensity certainly ranks among the best, capturing a fine player at the very top of his game and easily recommended to those who seek meaningful organ jazz and of equal appeal to fans of the ever-diverse Hubert Laws.
Ethiopia, Rwanda, Tanzania, and Uganda who signed the Agreement on the Nile River Basin Cooperative Framework here, 40 km south of the capital Kampala, said they could not wait any longer for Egypt and Sudan after 10 years of negotiations.
Only one thought came to mind: She was the reason Jake was dead.
More Than Two Million People Reached
The Bolívar aristocratic bloodline derives from Puebla de Bolíbar (also Bolívar or Bolívar, today part of the municipality of Ziortza-Bolibar), a small village in the Basque county of Biscay (Spain), and is the origin of their surname. A portion of their wealth by the 1600s came from the Aroa River gold and copper mines in Venezuela.
12. Boys don’t waste their life at the mall. (**it’s not all a waste…)
The series will look at the challenges Danza faced and the rewards he experienced as a first-year high school teacher. Under the watchful eye of Northeast Principal Linda Carroll and in-classroom teaching coach David Cohn, Danza applied incredible creativity and ceaseless dedication in his day-to-day tasks of planning lessons and executing them in the classroom, administering quizzes and exams, grading homework, engaging in small learning communities with other faculty, and meeting with parents.
Thank you so much for sticking with me as I share these details. One day, I'm going to be so glad I documented the wedding this extensively. So much for my 3 part series!
As for me and my situation, while not the main reason for quitting, the final push was the fact that the tour guide training me and the Kenyan trainee, showed favoritism to the Kenyan. Call me petty or whatever, but when he lets the other guy go on the game drive in Nakuru while I’m left to set up camp and prepare dinner, and then chooses the other guy to go on the 3 day Maasai Mara excursion, while I’m told to stay in Nairobi due to a lack of space in the vans… that just didn’t sit well with me.
DH: They just don't seem to know what to do with their hands when they're talking.
“Please help restore our hearts, and the standing of our university among its peers,” it wrote.
You think it's lewd and offensive. Fine, I can dig that. Maybe these two guys are total TOOLS. I mean, do you really need to make your point in your underwear? I'm going to say no, you make a better point and have more credibility nicely attired.
Accessories - Bitty Sparkles, Clear Sparkles, Binder Clips, Baker's Twine, Seam Binding Ribbon (May Arts), metal flower (unknown)
Montana is unique from many other states for a few reasons. For starters, it’s HUGE. Seriously. Driving from end to end would take a whole day. The only states larger than Montana are Alaska, California, and Texas.
Sting
The whole house was completed last week and my client moved in on Monday. So instead of taking two months it took three, not bad. My client is happy and everything turned out beyond our expectations and that's whats important.
Later in the day, also in Bristo Square, I watched as a flyerer approached a mother and child with the opening line: “Can I interest you in a show about a tree?”
Then in Part 2, we looked at Method 1 – Getting Paid to Complete Trial Offers. A quick recap of Method 1. In Method 1, you sign up as a referral for someone else using their referral link. You then agree on a payment to go Green on that site, you complete the Trial Offers and Go Green. They then pay you the agreed upon amount and you are able to refer others to that site over and over again with your own referral link.
I’ve considered laser eye surgery, but then decided against it when I found out what it entails. I used to believe that they just shine a beam of magic light in your eye and you suddenly have the ability to view the moon landing site in HD from the comfort of your own back yard. Then I found out the sickening truth behind the procedure. They take a scapel and detach the lens of your eye (whilst you are awake). As your world goes dark, they blast that lens with death rays from a parallel dimension of damned souls, and pop it back on
I’ve also had the inner warnings of the fact that I’m coming up to a point where I may be vulnerable and a target for other people. I actually had a really vivid dream the other night where myself and a couple of my friends that I was with became targets of violence simply because we were so open and unassuming in the way we went about our business, and closed off people didn’t take to us very well. It was strange, but I woke up with what I felt was a clear understanding of where this was coming from.
These are Very High Quality Articles .
Sometimes change stinks.
Mary’s dad, Phillip Bain, was a high school dropout and disabled Iraqi War veteran whose humvee was blown up under him resulting in a brain injury and an extreme case of Post Traumatic Stress making it impossible for him to hold a job. In the best of times, Phillip suffered from terrible headaches and in the worst, dealt with memories that haunted his mind. He and I had were introduced to each other at the local VFW since I had done three tours in that hellhole myself as an infantry platoon leader with my National Guard unit. That made it possible for the two of us on occasion to bridge the divide of mistrust that would have normally existed between a man suspicious of everyone in authority and me, a former officer and college graduate.
Where I grew up, we put mufflers on cars to make them quieter, we didn't try to make them noisier. (Confidential to the morons in Congress: did you know that the noise from an internal combustion engines is one of its inefficiencies? If it was perfectly efficient, there would be no noise, and the exhaust would come out colder than liquid nitrogen).
See you next week and please do keep your comments coming in. I enjoy reading them and I absorb them all. If I haven’t replied, it’s because I am still mulling over your comment and, who knows?, your suggestion/comment might become a blog one week!
I know I have learned a lot since then and hope that with my support we will be able to get through this time together.
Publisher: Orchard Books
For more information about Natalia, card readings & many spiritual topics, visit: http://www.nataliakuna.com Like her Facebook Page and you will automatically be in the draw every month to win a mini card reading!
Model: K10060006-Black-One Size
Thursday (March 15)~~~ I did school.and then went to sleep. My sun bern wasn't to bad but it still hurt.
Wellington, New Zealand
Murray Edmond / The Steps Towards ‘Von Tempsky’s Dance’ / 12
It’s been a busy few weeks indeed! First of all, I just wanted to say I’m done with my Junior year of college! Woot!
There was a stall in the middle of one road with what looked like huge bunches of garlic cloves complete with long green stems, piled high on a cart and a young boy trying to sell them, another road had two chaps trying to sell leather cowboy hats to drivers whenever the traffic came to a halt.
Hold on darling your engineer is coming
There’s no need explaining,
All of that meant I didn't get to bed until 1:00 AM when I had a 5:00 AM wake-up call. And although the relay taught me I can run pretty well on very little sleep, I knew I wouldn't be 100%. So, new goals: run negative splits and average an 8:30 pace.
design their life to bring joy
I cut a piece of clear acetate at 4x6 and adhered it to the inside of the top. The flower is from the SU Pretties Kit, colored with Martha Stewart markers. Stick pin and beads also from the Pretties Kit--red beads were in the stash.
Harry isn’t just another literary character. He is a source, or should I say a resource? He leads us to discover a lot we didn’t know. He leads us to remember some things and some places that we already know but hadn’t thought about in a while. He makes us think. Thinking is good.
Yet again I found myself taking part in a little experiment without quite knowing it… and it all started with a smile and a good morning to a man,standing in his pyjamas and a coat having a smoke outside his flat in Kensington at 7:45 this morning.
Governments must renovate, equip and construct new structures where old ones are derelict and unattractive, and all necessary facilities must be installed. Such structures in the local government areas must be carefully attended to. Equally, all nursing and midwifery institutions, and medical colleges have to be upgraded to meet the required standards. Moreover, all health centres and general hospitals must be supplied with required personnel, equipment and drugs, while all existing ministries of health in Nigeria should be strengthened with necessary funds. The Private Public Participation (PPP) arrangements may be introduced by governments to achieve excellence in places. Indeed, medical Non-Governmental Organizations (NGO’s) have to be strengthened to align with government policy objectives on health. The role played by such organizations like the Global Partnership for Maternal, New-born and Child Health (PMNCH), African Cancer Prevention Group (USA) and the Care People Foundation must be acknowledged. Such organizations must be dutifully promoted in Nigeria. Foreign-based Nigerian organizations and individuals who wish to contribute to solving medical problems in Nigeria should be awarded honours every year to serve as encouragement to others. Moreover, in the worlds of 34-years old Saleh Jibril Mohammed, a Lokoja-based medical practitioner, (Nigeria), “Public institutions have to be supported on issues of health promotion and enhancement. I learnt of the Skye Bank PLC’s donation of drugs worth 6 million naira to the government of Niger State in February, 2008. Banks, insurance companies, philanthropic organizations and religious bodies must be encouraged to support government programmes on health. The situation is almost getting out of control. Look at snake bites situation in Kaltunga and other places. People are dying every day. Vaccines are needed to combat polio and malaria, and fake drugs regime must be terminated now or never. There should also be free anti-natal and post-natal treatment, free cataract surgeries and free distribution of doses of Coartem to children to control malaria. There should also b attention paid to community midwifery. Equally, I suggest there should be a major Nigerian Health Summit organized by the federal Government to be attended by all stakeholders. This is the time for Goodluck Jonathan to put this into effect since he has won the presidential elections. We cannot afford to waste more time”, he said.
I also know that despite eluding authorities who are trying to arrest him on completely trumped-up charges (and yes, he has proved they are trumped-up), and despite sleeping outside in the woods, and despite the stress of being harassed electronically, and having to find outlets in public spaces where he can recharge his laptop without being detected, and despite being cashless, cold, hungry, and miserable, and despite a thousand other discomforts I can scarcely imagine, he has continued his work as a whistleblower.
Don’t forget to like Chief’s Shop on Facebook! At 500 likes someone will be selected to receive a Kreg Mini Pocket-Hole Jig Kit or a box of 500 pocket hole screws.
The encore was the greatest hits; Sway, Cheapster, Shine a Light, Good Times and Take Me to the Other Side. It was not that the first part of the concert was bad; it was very good, but it did not give me the Spiritualized feeling. The hairs on the back of your neck standing on end and your heart in your mouth There are always a few people at Spiritualized gigs who shout things out in between songs. I restrained myself from shouting out, Why Don’t You Smile, which is my favourite song, because it sounds like I am attacking Jason’s solemn onstage presence. They came back for a second encore and played a rousing rendition of Oh Happy Day.
A couple arguing
We all know that National Geographic projects are separated from rival efforts by the incredible photography and this app doesn’t disappoint. Information on each park is accompanied by a photo gallery including both contemporary and vintage shots, and the images are stunning, especially on the iPad.
It may just be that my sensibilities have been deadened by too many Guy Davenport stories of Fourierist utopia, but the images of children scampering around in their underwear in Innocence did not seem to me fetishistic or otherwise problematic because they seemed to be expected within the givens of the society depicted in the film -- indeed, I was surprised the children weren't naked. Any implication of a sexual meaning to the children's dress or undress while they are amongst themselves is an implication placed upon them by the viewer. Dargis insists the viewer is the camera and the camera is us and we are playing peek-a-boo with the panties. The subjectivity or objectivity of the shots is clearly up for interpretation, but I wonder about an interpretation that sees nothing but subjectivity and a subjectivity that is adult and possibly prurient.
By Jacob Stockinger
And here's Zazu cheesing like a crazy baby in anticipation of her muffin tin breakfast:
Logically, then, no matter how strongly atheist or theist someone is, we can’t deduce that they are gnostic. Nor can we deduce from weak theism or atheism that someone is agnostic. These might correlate, I’m not sure, but they are very different statements. One has to do with belief or lack thereof, the other with strengths of knowledge claims.
Man United will go into this game with an incentive to go back joint-top, or better if City drop points at Spurs. It seems Thierry Henry could be a doubt for this match, but I’d expect him to have some involvement on Sunday. He surely won’t pass up the opportunity to have maybe one last crack against a side he has scored some sublime goals against. Henry is 9/4 to score anytime in Ladbrokes.
Don Pohren/Author...writing on the "System of artist commercialization"
More details as I hear it.
Anyway, it's very good to be back in the land of reasonable temperatures. Seriously, man; the day we arrived in KC, it got to SIX BELOW. Jeebus, that is NOT O.K..
Nimah bluntly said that “Until the Arabs take control of their own destiny, they will continue to wait and hope in vain that rescue will come, if not from Obama’s promises, then from someone else’s.” None of them want that someone else to be Osama bin Ladin.
In researching for this weeks thursdays letters I headed back to brain pickings (a really magnificent site)and stumbled across an article on Floating Worlds,The Letters of Edward Gorey & Peter F. Neumeyer. Gorey is a massively influential illustrator of the macabre; if you're a fan of Tim Burton you must check out his work. Having devoured the article I'm eager to see the book itself. The relationship between the two men began as a professional collaboration and turned into an unusual friendship withcorrespondence spanning metaphysics to pancake recipes according to Brain Pickings! Check out the amazing illustrated envelopes for starters...
B) 2 years
Till am unchained from hurt doom
When shepherds who were watching heard music in the fields.
Okay, Jeff is back but can stay only if he wins the next challenge. Just a wee bit of pressure.
So he already knows his ABC's, How to count to 15 (before he starts making up numbers) and most of his colors.
– If an associate tries to sell you more than one item — even if you didn’t ask for it – it’s also because they’re required to by company policy. Each associate is measured by this standard, called UPTs.
actress. producer
I was on a family vacation last week, and as we usually do, my family got into a number of political debates. Most of them surrounded the economy, but we didn't specifically address the debt ceiling issue. However, I didn't realize how apropos the arguments were until reading an article today about the debate between Republicans and the President.
By chanting the names of God—because these names are non-different from the substance of God—one’s being comes directly in touch with God. By being in contact with the vibration of God the dust of the heart, or all of the chains which keep us stuck in the vagaries of our ego, is removed. It is a very simple practice of meditation on sound vibration, yet what can be more sophisticated and wonderful than the presence of God?
Wages: NGDP can decrease if all other prices decrease with it, the relative prices between them will not change and apart from updating some menus nothing will have really changed. But it is incredibly hard to cut wages, look at the clustering of wage changes around zero in the below graph (via Paul Krugman). This means a decrease in NGDP relative to wages will throw people out of work as employers become unwilling to employ them at the prevailing nominal wage.
Even after ALL these years! ;)
John Deacon – Bass
I bought these Christmasy whisks and some Hershey Kisses. The green one with the Christmas tree in it is from Hobby Lobby! They had a bunch of cute ones for just $3.99. I cut the tags out with my Tags, Bags, Boxes and More Cricut cartridge.
- Olav Stokkmo (CEO, IFFRO)
Cos I don’t know you well enough
You would think that a food blogger would be crazy against meal replacement shakes. But these are so good and there are hundreds of recipes so I actually feel like I'm indulging instead of denying. I mean, how many people can say they had German Chocolate Cake for breakfast and it wasn't cheating?? LOL!!
These ear flaps are created as you knit through increases and decreases.. no picking up stitches... so nice!
5oz. cream cheese, softened
I also got a variety 12-pack of Genesee beers from my good friend Sam Komlenic for my birthday last month, and I cracked out two of them, too. 12 Horse Ale was an old fave, but...wow, not so much. Blunt, even coarse, to the point where I was thinking to myself, man, I hope this has changed, because I'd hate to think I once liked a beer like this. But the old reliable, Genesee Cream Ale, was a fun beer to drink! I wasn't expecting much after the 12 Horse wagon crash, but Genny Cream was sweet and light, showing the cream ale style that won multiple GABF gold medals (Genny Cream has more gold medals than almost any other beer; seven, I think). I'd happily order this again on a hot day in a shady bar.
I’ll also be continuing the series on race, diversity, and the church. I’m also contemplating trying to blog through some of the books on the list I posted recently. I’m currently rereading both Orthodoxy, The Chronicles of Narnia and The Myth of Certainty and am finding that my admiration for them grows with every read.
Right, now, before I go anywhere near those new ideas of mine, I've got some hot movie stars to finish writing about... so, if you want me, I'll be somewhere in Las Vegas with a Bradley Cooper lookalike...
RISAT-1 is the heaviest remote sensing spacecraft that ISRO has ever built, weighing almost 1,900 kilograms. RISAT-1 will employ synthetic aperture radar (SAR) in its research.
I think I’m missing something important here. And it’s something that I truly wish I understood.
Round 1: Chain 3 and then make 15 ( 17, 19 ) double crochet into your ring. Join with a slip stitch to the top of your first chain 3 (so basically your 3rd chain).
If you go to US Promo Deals and find that Optimum in Brooklyn, NY does not offer service your new home, USPromodeals.com allows you to sign up new utilities and telecom services right from their page. By filling in your new address, a listing of all the basic services available at that location will be displayed. You can evaluate service plans, sign up on USpromodeals.com or speak to a service representative to ask questions on service plans and prices.
The table settings shine atop smoky quartz chargers with pale pink linens accented by an ultra-feminine black and white cameo gift box.
SCENARIO ONE:
Total Time (From walking on to walking off the track): 26:06.9
While the endive and pears cook, combine the flour and cornmeal in a shallow dish along with a big pinch of salt and pepper. Heat another saute pan over medium high heat and add the olive oil. Season the fish on both sides with salt and pepper and dredge in the flour mixture. Make sure the pan is pretty hot before you add the fish or it won't brown, but cook the fish about 3 minutes per side until it's just cooked through. Remove the fish from the pan, wipe out any residual cornmeal with a towel and add the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Once the butter melts, add the quartered lemon slices and cook for about a minute, then add the wine and a pinch of salt. Let the wine reduce by half, then spoon it over the fish and endive. Meyer lemons are pretty sweet and if you slice them thinly and cook them through you can eat them. If you used a regular lemon, you may not want to eat the pieces.
But I decided on this one:
(Continues tomorrow with some teachings from Christ on "the lilies of the field")
Annoyed Expression: Invisalign
For example, when ever I catch a whiff of Axe, I think of my guy friend and feel lonely. When I smell summer breezes, I think of days running through mini deserts and small ravines, crawling across a creek on a log, and being young and carefree. When I smell the individual scent of a friend, it makes me happy to remember them. I'm weird that way, but smells really do trigger memories and emotions for me.
Diversity comes in all forms. A diversity of perspectives enhances the School of Law’s classroom conversation and adds to our community outside of class. A diverse student body is as important as the diversity sensitivity we aspire to. We can take this opportunity to leave the law school better than we found it. By making a gift of any size to the Paul Miller Diversity Scholarship Fund you will be joining your classmates in honoring one of our most inspiring professors and assuring that classes that follow us are part of a diverse student body that will inspire critical thought and shared ideas. Supporting the Professor Paul Miller Diversity Scholarship fund is one more way the Class of 2012 can help the UW School of Law continue to offer a great educational experience that is available to everyone.
INSIDE SENTIMENT FROM SAME DIGI STAMPSET
Rating: BUY!
get very far without me.
After catching the train through the foggy morning, which gave Sydney a ghostly feel as I crossed the bridge, I waited around for the store to open when two hardcore vinyl collectors turned up. One was named Leon, headphones around his neck, jeans and shirt, intense but otherwise friendly guy, hoping the store had reserved a Bowie album for him, while the other guy, whose name I didn’t catch, wearing a yellow top, red shorts and blue sneakers was talking about the albums he tried to pick up that morning at Red Eye. Apparently there was a line outside the place at 7am, and by the time he got in most of the good stuff was gone. Red Eye, the record store in town on York street, tends to be a bit cheaper than TITLE and many other more commercial places, but its popularity means you’ll be hard pressed to get your hands on anything truly great.
Note: If you bake a lot, then you must be familiar with the consistency of stabilised whipped cream, just in case you feel adding sugar will not make the brand of your heavy cream hold for longer, try using gelatin or agar agar powder as explained in here.
It's called The Pink Polka Dot Boutique and right now she's doing a give-a-way. As soon as she gets 100 "likes" on her facebook page here, she will do a custom shirt for the winner.
double speak and double standards of all those decrying today the
console: drexel heritage
It's been quite a busy week for me as I try to enjoy spring. There were a few nice sunny days, including St Patrick's Day, that made going to the beach really nice. There were lots of people down here for Spring Break, the annual week long break from schools when college kids and young people flock to the beaches to swim, sun, and surf. It's basically a week long beach party. We didn't have Spring Break where I grew up (and it remains so to this day), but we did have beach parties, and I certainly learned to enjoy Spring Break from the first time I experienced it.
Mementos of Hadrian's reign persist in the form of coins and the many building projects he undertook. Most famous is the wall across Britain that was named Hadrian's Wall after him. Hadrian's Wall was built, beginning in 122, to keep Roman Britain safe from hostile attacks from the Picts. It was the northernmost boundary of the Roman empire until early in the fifth century.
It was still a good movie, and I look forward to being able to sit down and watch all 6 of the films in some sort of order.
That's it from me today. Hope your week is fantastic and blessed with hidden treasures and to see you back again soon.
Combine vinegar, honey, sugar, garlic, onion, salt and berries in a blender. Blend until everything is completely smooth. While the blender is still on, slowly pour in oil. Then hand stir in the poppy seeds. Store in the refrigerator until ready to be served on salad.
Ground will be broken next week on a 19-story, 130-room boutique hotel on Duffield Street between Willoughby and Fulton streets, Long Island City-based V3 Hotels said yesterday.
Sprites are electrical discharges that come out of the top of thunderclouds, opposite ordinary lightning bolts which plunge toward Earth. Sprites can tower as high as 90 km above ground. That makes them a form of space weather as they overlap the zone of auroras, meteors, and noctilucent clouds.
I’m happy to share the full text of my article with you if you contact me. And I hope you come back to this blog. Because I have many other stories to tell.
The third film ius a fairly annoying a cut and paste audio-visual collage called Paying Attention.
Of course I do. I’m a hopeless romantic and believe that love can hit you at any time. Whether that be at first sight, after a long romantic dinner date, or after a long friendship. It is out there. Sometimes you just have to be willing to see it.
I agree with Stevie Ste Ste, Manc, Manchester – it was the perfect ending. Tony never heard it coming. BUT, I would drop my own opinion of a perfect ending if they revived the series. Its had a long enough break, the actors have tried other things, maybe now would be the right time to bring it all back, show what they are all up to five years later. Maybe Tony’s son is now a captain? His daughter dating a police officer? His crew plotting to get rid of him, and so on. So many stories, so many people wanting more!!
This level requires minimal to no cleaning. These guests are so close to me that I do not mind if they catch me with a sink filled with dishes or a basket of laundry on the couch. When it comes to this group, if I do not have time or energy to clean....I don't!
More powerful than rhino horn were common tastes; between
My brother-in-law also suggested a young neighbour of where I used to live, said he was pretty handy with cars and brought him in. So I started January off with 2 employees, neither of which came even half way close to what Rob could do, but I got used to that pretty quickly. My brother-in-law came with stipulations, saying he had his own clients and that they would have to come first! I didn’t like this one little bit for a whole bunch of reasons, but accepted it until I could get a replacement.
That is until she felt the featherlight touch of something curling around her breasts. She gasped at the sensation when Jason swirled the strands around her nipples. He chuckled in response to them hardening, and Goldie sucked in her tummy when he trailed the touches lower along her abdomen and into her already drenched folds.
The stranger’s eyes narrowed and he slowly scanned the bartender, first focusing on the club but finally settling on his face. His hushed voice spoke again, “Only an idiot brings a club to a gun fight.”
Mazzy Star
Describe your typical writing routine, do you have any writers quirks or any writing rituals?
If you are purchasing a device to counter radar speed surveillance, you will for sure want the best overall radar detector. It is important to recognize, however, that no matter how advanced or pricey the detector you bought, maximum protection could be derived from the device only if it is properly installed.
That small act can make a big difference!
I try not to mention running in front of this person, let’s call him Jack, because Jack suddenly becomes the oracle of running. He’s been there, done that, got countless T-shirts – mostly from the marathons he’s done and he is liberal with his advice. Lucky me. Last night he remarked that I had lost weight (which is a step up from when I started running and he told me that I was too fat to run!) and before I knew it the words were out of my mouth.
Physical Required: Unspecified
She's good at following recipes
If former US president Bill Clinton was a Muslim, perhaps he too would not miss the opportunity to swear on the Quran. All he could muster was “I did not have sexual relations with that woman”, when referring to his intern Monica Lewinsky.
Come, Lord Jesus! Come to every person who does not yet believe in you. Come to every Jew who has not yet accepted you as the Messiah. Appear to each person. Let them have a personal encounter with you! Let your Spirit fall and touch them, so that their eyes are opened to see you and know what you have done for them. Give them your Spirit of wisdom and revelation to know it is you! You are the way and the truth and the life – the only way to the Father! Let them see your pierced hands and side. Help all to declare and make you their Master and God! There is no one too far gone. Paul is our example in this. He hated and persecuted Christians, yet after seeing you on the road to Damascus, he was changed. I ask this for every person who is persecuting believers right now! Meet them wherever they are, Lord! Appear to them! Bring your light to expose the lies of the enemy. Help them to turn to you in faith and repentance. You know them better than anyone. You made them. You love them. You know the evidence they need to believe. Bring your peace and love, forgiveness and healing, reconciliation and restoration. Change their hearts; give them new hearts. Make them yours. Let your will be done. In your holy and precious name, Jesus. Amen.
The production starts at 7pm, which I feel is already bordering on the witching hour for small children. And then there’s the small matter of what the play is about – Tom Sawyer’s adventures with Huckleberry Finn. It’s hardly reading material for a five-year-old. Couldn’t they have picked something a tad more child-friendly, like Goldilocks and the Three Bears? But I cast these doubts aside.
He still reflects on his rare insight into the Nazi leadership, and he recognizes that the experience had shifted his perceptions of the enemy. It allowed him to see the human side of those he had only known as caricatures.
there is no escape from those points of view in an existing world
Most of my menus suggest steamed vegetables for the side dishes. They are quick, easy and readily available any time of the year. I do like to make fresh when possible, especially during the warmer months when the prices are lower.
Jeff McCabe, Ed Ryan, and brewer Tim O’Bryan opened their Brown County brewpub in 2009. Their brewery has already expanded once, indicating that their beers are being well received.
Metro/train. Metro and trains (“proastiakos“) usually also have free entertainment. At any time there are people entering the your mean of transport and start to tell their amazingly similar story about 3 kids, ill mother, no income possibilities and beg for money.
1) i am easily distracted
In other news . . .
This is my third month in the Foodie Penpals program & it just gets better every month!! This month, my package came from Michelle at blogitness. Her blog is such a wonderful read, and if you haven't checked it out already, you definitely should!! Michelle instantly became one of my favorite people when in her foodie letter she offered to review some things for me in order to help me find a job out of college. Such a wonderful wonderful offer & I can't thank her enough!!
Regardless of the genre/age group that I'm writing for, here are my tips on writing great love scenes:
Wednesday- Caribbean
But the one thing Sues wouldn’t do was come out of the closet.
Hilary: He is become the head of the corner, because He is the union of both sides between the Law and the Gentiles.
All deserve to be sacked!
Months have passed in a blur of new responsibilities, new activities and a lot of interrupted nights. And now, things haven't so much settled, rather we have settled into this new reality. And so now I am back. It is spring, a time of newness and awakening and rejuvenation. It is time to wake this blog up.
In this collection, it is far to say, we have some of the confessional material that the NT authors granted imprimatur. (If only we had more! Our lives would be much easier then.) Let us begin by distilling all of Paul’s confessions into one single confession:
Put on those gloves and lets get to work!
Hiked up my big girl skirt today and worked hard and late. I've said it before: the best defense for a stressful day of work is my work armor, which always involves a pencil skirt.
Tui na means “push and grasp” in Chinese. It is not meant to be relaxing or pampering but is serious treatment for sports injuries and chronic pain in the joints and muscles. Tui na is used to treat the members of Chinese Olympic teams.
So I read a lot of stuff, some books, but an alarming amount of articles, blogs, product labels, product reviews, etc. I thought I would let ya know what I’ve been reading lately. Who knows maybe you will enjoy it and learn something new as well.
The cost of all the above will also be borne by the Rakyat – and when I say Rakyat, I mean people like me who are against public rallies simply because public rallies rarely pass the two tests that should be applied: the Clear and Present Danger test, and the Incitement test. There has been TWO BERSIH rallies prior to the last one – none ended peacefully. And BERSIH has never been apolitical through it association, no matter what its supporters may claim. I acknowledge the existence of idealists whose cause is pure, but on the topside, BERSIH is just another political agenda for its organisers and associates.
Members of the public were invited to vote on which ideas (from our group and many others) as to which should go forward to be pitched to a bunch of ‘sex dragons’ at a prestigious event at City Hall in March.
Last week I finally got around to opening the Southern Tier Creme Brulee Imperial Milk Stout. This is part of their Blackwater Imperial Stout series, and is a summer seasonal (!?!). Imperial stouts are typically higher in alcohol than other stouts - as is this one, at 9.6% abv - and are sometimes finished in liquor barrels, like whiskey or bourbon. Milk stouts include lactose, a sugar derived from milk. Beer yeast can't convert lactose, so the sugar sticks around to add sweetness to the beer. To the Creme Brulee Imperial, Southern Tier added vanilla bean and dark caramel malt.
1/2 teaspoon Italian seasonings
Let’s face it; it’s easy to hate those dooses at the rugby. They’re the spiritual heirs — and quite possibly the direct descendents — of the 1960’s rugby fans once described by Hans Pienaar. Writing for Denis Beckett’s now defunct Sidelines magazine, he described how he watched a black woman being pelted by naartjies as she walked past the hostile crowd and managed to maintain her dignity. These people are troglodytes, stupid bullies worthy of nothing but contempt — but back then, of course, they were contemptible bullies with political power and now they are contemptible bullies who feel under siege by a combination of crime, cultural marginalisation and black nationalist politics.
There’s another, more sinister connotation of Ca va chauffer, when it’s used to express the sense of a looming confrontation between powerful forces on the political scene, along the lines of “what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object.” Ca va chauffer means that things are about to get ugly.
After all the spray painting was done, all the pieces came back into the garage for a couple coats of Behr White Semi-Gloss (the same that we used here on our entry way closet drawers). That yellow is seriously bright (it is called Sun Yellow after all) but I love it! I love how there will be this secret color inside that will, in theory, instantly cheer me up when I find my self doing some filing in the window seat or re-organizing of the drawers.
Oil two baking sheets and place the the slices of zucchini and eggplant on the sheets. Bake until softened - about 15-20 minutes. While those are in the oven, brown the ground beef, and mix in the spaghetti sauce. In a separate bowl, mix together the ricotta cheese, eggs and spices. Layer the ingredients into a casserole pan. I put a bit of sauce in the bottom of the pan, eggplant, sauce, ricotta mixture, mozzarella, zucchini, sauce, ricotta mixture and mozzarella. Bake for 45 minutes to warm it through.
Most important, relax as much as you can. Remember, the people in the audience are on your side and people too. The more you relax the more they will too and then everyone will enjoy!
The Senator has advocated further US intervention in Syria, including the arming of Syrian opposition groups against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad.
I wrote this blog entry already once, at about 3am, but the internet seems to have eaten it. So...
Being the big 'ol fool that I am, I volunteered...yes, VOLUNTEERED to pay for our groceries (and of course do all the cooking; that went without saying.) Looking back, I have to laugh at my CRAZY in love 24-year-old self. I should have known. After all, we had known each other for years by then. Still, I volunteered to provide food for the hungriest man in all of Florida. Why?!
Maybe you were wondering... Maybe I have been slacking off so much that you did not even miss me. I don't know but I will tell you the answer. I had our third baby boy in March. I had planned a homebirth but it did not work out that way. I ended up needing an emergency c-section. The c-section did not go as planned at all. There were complications for me and the baby. We both had to stay in the hospital longer than expected.
Detectives with Delaware County's Criminal Investigation Division, who act as Internal Affairs investigators for the county's police departments, were also on scene and removed computers and a Taser from the department.
From an honest small publisher's perspective, on the other hand--a publisher that isn't planning on browbeating its authors with kill fees, or using the fees to try and make an extra buck--a kill fee may seem to make good business sense. "We don't want to hold onto an unhappy author," the publisher might reason. "But we invest a lot of work in editing, designing, marketing, etc. So if we can't maximize our investment by selling the author's book for the full contract term, it's only fair that we should get some reimbursement if she decides to leave early."
I must admit, as a bigger fan of soccer/football than of American football, I was not aware of just how much innovation has occured on the football field over the years. The Freakonomics post includes fascinating examples of innovations that would be valuable in the long run if copyrightable, but are still highly advantageous in the short term - winning now, this season - despite the fact that other teams are sure to copy the innovations later.
"Y sabemos que a los que aman a Dios, todas las cosas les ayudan a bien, esto es, a los que conforme a su propósito son llamados." - Romanos 8:28
Swonk: Washington bickering causes recessions
I'd fingerpaint more, and point the finger less.
The shot of the bridges blowing up followed by people looking out windows to see falling snow seems to indicate being alone or cut off.
so we had a little impromptu hearing birthday party for m this afternoon,
rare interview
Mr Hu
on the other side of light
December 12
Noblegarden is a holiday that centers solely and completely up on the collection of ‘Brightly Colored Eggs’. In order to complete each of the achievements, you need to collect the chocolate from the hidden eggs and use that chocolate to both complete some of the achievements, as well as use as currency to buy the items needed to complete the other achievements.
But its rains help the flowers to bloom.
Captain Ron
Currently, I’m working on an article about the top 10 all-time sleaziest move characters (an idea I shamlessly pilfered from my friend Tom), and I’m kind-of thinking that the winner just MIGHT be Lando Calrissian, so I called Kelly to get HER thoughts and THIS NIGHTMARE is what happened:
_____This status is about doubt. Or maybe it isn't - haven't made my mind up yet (funny status quote)
It’s been over two years since the European Central Bank began its open-heart surgery of the eurozone’s anemic economy. So far, the procedure has included an unprecedented $3 trillion-plus in bailouts, monetary transfusions, AND toxic debt transplants.
1 stalk green onion, finely sliced
An Ethiopian?
After deployment the armies advanced. One single change I did for the solitaire rules was that instead of creating groups every turn with figures 10cm from each other, I’d simply activate groups of similar figures. The table being so small, I could probably get away with very little groups with the original mechanism, so I simply decided all similar troops were a group for the whole battle. So I dealt one card for trolls, one for dwarf archers, one for goblins with shield, one for the goblins with spears (reinforcements), etc.
and tell Him how much you love Him, and tell Him things that are in your heart,
Just to feel like there is someone else
-Get rid of at least 365 items (includes clothes, books, etc.) (I borrowed this resolution from Libby.) -Exercise at least three times a week
To leave you with a small gift here is a MTC/SVG Freebie
It has always seemed to me that he and the other castaways were placed on the "Island" as if they were placed pieces on a game board.
I look forward to the day when there's a Peche Party to accompany Kriek Kamp. August, perhaps?
Entries will be judged by the Ilkley brewers and the winning entry will be scaled up and produced by Ilkley as their autumn beer. If that wasn't enough, the winning brewer will be invited to brew the first Gyle. I think the appropriate word to use here is AWESOME!
In fact, the only thing When Time Ran Out... had going for it was its cast. Which is probably a bigger and more-talented cast than a lousy flick like this deserves, but I have a feeling this is one film that needed any positive it could get.
Dave Bedggood & Owen Gager / from Towards a Socialist Polynesia / 156
My foe outstretched beneath the tree.
I can however, stare at my computer screen at all the cute new shit thats been out there!
Every year over the Fourth of July we go to Wayne County and stay in my Uncle's cabin in Grover. This year our weekend was filled with a lot of the usual traditions, such as : fishing, four wheeling, parade, eating, shooting, arrowhead hunting, and of course eating some more. It was so much fun as always. This year, Jeff and I decided to go to the dance at the Big Apple in Torrey. The Big Apple is an outside facility where Wayne County holds thier dances and other festivities. There was a live band, and they were actually really good. They played a lot of Chris Ledoux, Tom Petty, and pretty much just about everything there is. Jeff and I danced until our legs wouldn't dance anymore... and when our legs wouldn't dance anymore, we sat and watched all the interesting things there was to see around us. With the dance being in Torrey, there is a good mix of cowboys and tree-hugging hippies. Ill just put it this way, it made for an entertaining night of VERY interesting dance styles. Ha ha. Jeff and I have already decided that we are going every year.
Of course, my mum will be all excited too with her brother’s visiting, and she prepared another round of feast…
Kyoto now we can’t have vision for the future if it can’t be fixed
This was foreshadowed by the High Priest of old when each year he took blood and entered the Holy of Holies.
And if that’s grace, then naturally, some people think David should make some really tasty sandwiches, top quality pickle, mature cheddar, olive focaccia bread and plenty of it. Other’s say, “Don’t stuff the troops, keep ‘em lean and mean, teach ‘em how to fight!”
BA: When I was about seven, I was sitting on the Berber carpet in the basement, smoothing my dress around my knees while my sister Katie (then four years old) was vacuuming. With the whole floor to work on, she, of course, chose to start right next to me. Right next to me got closer and closer until the vacuum caught my dress. The horrible growl of the vacuum scared us both. With pie-plate eyes, Katie tried to pull it away, but the vacuum was old and weighed probably twice as much as my sister. Sure I was going in after my dress, I screamed, “Mom! Katie’s sucking me up!” My mom ran to my rescue, laughing as she untangled the dress from the brush roll. She said there was no way I could fit in the vacuum, but, again, with my imagination and too many cartoons rattling around in my head, I didn’t completely believe her. Good thing, too, or there would be no story.
Fresh mix of salad greens
RUSSELL KL, RYAN MAK, HAWKSWORTH A, FREED NE, IRVINE M, DAUM LT. Effectiveness of the 2003-2004 influenza vaccine among US military basic trainees: a year of suboptimal match between vaccine and circulating strain. Vaccine 2005; 23: 1981-1985.
Great Father’s Day Gift Ideas
“The education of young Latinos is imperative given the fact that Hispanic Americans are the fastest-growing and youngest demographic group in the country… Latinos are projected to make up nearly 30 percent of the U.S. population by 2040, and as baby boomers age and retire, the nation will become increasingly dependent on Latinos.”
Now that that is out of the way, let me get down to the "bidness" of all the glory here at Rancho.
I just couldn't resist..................Happy Holidays everyone!
under these dark tunnels of crimes,
Going after reviews can only help build musicians and bands a good reputation with fans as well as potential new fans. Still, many artists forget that strong music business management concepts include going after other reviews outside of the live show and the recordings.
When your toes rest, child-like, upon my legs;
that when you follow your bliss, doors will open where
In 2009, the Administration announced the Home Affordable Refinance Program to assist responsible homeowners refinance their mortgages. In its first two years it helped nearly 1 million homeowners refinance. However, eligibility regulations and costs associated with the program kept it from having a wider impact.
As one of the most fashionable weekends in the Irish dance world, it is one that we look forward to all year long. Next up, the World Championships in Belfast in April 2012, which are sure to impress even more.
By the time I got started it was 4:30 or so.
In addition to what we are calling the "Green Bridge Project," we may also have two other projects for April. One project is a multi-media collaboration about internet safety and etiquette with students from Pakistan and the other project involves a cultural exchange/geography lesson using Google Maps with international students from a school in India. We still have some details to work out with all three projects, but when you have a group of enthusiastic teachers involved, most logistical problems seem easy to conquer.
an Etsy treasury, displaying what I thought looked best together...
– Southern Conference tournament titles: 0
I'm not saying this is true of all children...no. But this has happened enough in my life to wonder how many parents are really in tune with their children's needs and desires enough to even notice how much they detest going to school each day....most of the time.
1hr strength
We had thought we’d have to hump six big bags of broadcast gear up over the rocks to the Tip. Or worse, a satellite dish. But in the end we did it on an I-Phone, using an app that turns voice into data, sends it via 3G over the Internet back to our radio station in Cairns.
Now, I don't do product reviews.
“Since taking office, Governor Corbett has taken every opportunity to decrease funding for our universities,” said Dr. Steve Hicks, president of APSCUF. “We understand that these are challenging economic times, but our students and their families are already struggling to make ends meet. Additional budget cuts are going to put the college dream out of reach for many Pennsylvanians.”
28And though no cause of death was seen in him, they made a request to Pilate that he might be put to death.
I just loved that rub-on birdcage and thought it deserved a prominent place on my layout.
Obi belt and skirt: Sunhee Moon
An explosion during a botched armed bank robbery - The robber is presumed dead - The striking beauty, Gina Russo, a federal agent that he blames for his brothers lifetime incarceration. His wrongful quest to ruin her life unfolds in this 120,000 word novel:
Without TV, radio, or Internet we would be left to speculate over what happened and who was responsible. With Pearl Harbor there was radio to keep us informed, with the Kennedy Assassination there was TV and radio, with 9/11 there was TV, radio, and Internet to keep us informed. Imagine being sucker-punched back into the 19th century....
“I know! So, now, when I go running or do any type of exercise, I do it so I can feel good! I don’t want to be exhausted or unhappy anymore! It was awful. It wasn’t worth it!”
I've got some a big book full of old sheet music and an ugly chair. I'm trying it!
“You wish for me to go to Stormwind?” Brulee asked with distress.
textures by Kim Klassen
snippets to bulbs,
Video by Pfc. Brandon Graham 5th Mobile Public Affairs Detachment
the kids settled into their new beds quickly.
Here is UCSF Medical Center. It is a very acclaimed hospital and teaching facility. Let's hope none of us ever need to go there.
We think na on the lang Scots miles,
A few years ago when I was newly dating my girlfriend (she’s my wife now), we went to our downtown area for drinks and dinner.
Congratulations to Gail Mclane! Please send an email to info@zipfizz.com with your shipping information.
Once your nuts are cool, assemble all of the ingredients in the salad and lightly drizzle with balsamic vinaigrette or just a good olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
If you really knew me YOU would know that the world scares me, There are no limits to the pain we as a nation have caused..If someone can kill a child or hurt a child it means they truly have no boundaries or limits they will reach because those kind of people are malevolent,acerbic, LEWD, monstrous CREATURES. That do not even deserve to be called humans.
I have forgotten the
Until then, you, my humanoid nicotine,
Today I take responsibility for my health.
I received a press release today aimed at all you porcelain beauties out there and wanted to give you a quick heads up.
A dash of olive oil
In terms of its effect, Number 32 is a great addition to beatdown decks: if Number 32 should destroy an opponent’s monster by battle, you can detach one Xyz material, special summon the destroyed monster back to your opponent’s side of the field in attack position, and attack that monster again. Also, the special summoned monster looses 1000 attack, giving you the opportunity to do additional damage to your opponent. Combine equip spells such as United We Stand or Mage Power, or even Armory Arm, and you can deal some heavy damage! As a note, if you also have other monsters, you can use those monsters to attack the now-weakened monster, as its effect doesn’t require Number 32 to attack the special summoned monster.
We don’t know who it was. We don’t know where he/she lives. We have no idea if he/she found what he/she was looking for in that search.
A sudden bliss shall run through every limb
Not long after Gonzáles scored the only Indonesian team goals against the Philippines, a friend of mine tweeted this, “It doesn’t matter where he came from for he has raised Indonesian nationalism.” Well, pardon me, my friend, but I agree with what the legend thought. As for me, football is never about nationalism as well. This is not a war between two nations where the winner conquers the other. Football is never about anything but sport, where sport’s value is always about sportsmanship. And sportsmanship is never about how many battles you win or how many silverwares you get. Sportsmanship is about how you achieved them. And about being sportive, being dare to admit if your opponent is better than you.
Investigators had made no arrests as of Thursday afternoon, a day after the pre-dawn raid on the G4S cash facility, where millions are stored and processed before being transferred to banks and ATMs in the Stockholm area.
I hope God smiled and took his hand,
3. Run your trimmed image through a Xyron machine, colored side down, so the sticker is applied to the back of the image and burnish it well.
Praful Bidwai
I miss the days when I used to know an album from inside & out, like the back of my hand, from front to back.
seem then that it must be because of the enormous wealth of the proprietors which places them above attention to the increase of their revenues by permitting these lands not to be labored. I am conscious that an equal division of property is impracticable, but the consequences of this enormous
But, my friends, I don't have the budget to love all the things many beauty bloggers love. Lemme tell you, I big puffy heart MAC and Sephora (confession: I would own Bare Minerals whole collection if I could, best foundation I've ever used, if you can afford it--do it.) but it's just not realistic for me.
Everyone knows this is true,
I know I am not a perfect parent.. not the greatest mom in the world.. but if ONE more person goes for my jugular today.. there is going to be more blood than just mine spilling..
I'm not saying I would never make a book trailer. I appreciate there are plenty of people for whom video works well, and so I'd be willing to give it a go. (And I even get mild entertainment from the Amazon.de trailer for one of my German books, even though it's not great.) But don't ask me to watch one. I don't have the patience and I resent not having the control.
“But Nova, why didn’t I get a power, too?” As I expected, her voice grew small and her shoulders shrank into her tiny frame.
Lt. General Norman R. Seip, USAF (Ret.)
April and I met with our most favorite, and awesome friends the Schlampes. We met up at Gordon Biersch on Saturday night to talk about our upcoming Beercation, I mean Eurotrip 2010. It was happy hour, and the beers were flowing. I was trying to get my moneys worth.
ACT – HEAVEN KNOWS I’M MISERABLE NOW
Priests, paladins. I’m jealous.
If you are at first lonely, be patient. If you’ve not been alone much, or if when you were, you weren’t okay with it, then just wait. You’ll find it’s fine to be alone once you’re embracing it.
The costumers there are mostly VIP or under reservation, they seldom take in walk-in costumers. Then the chefs will make sure you'll never have the repeat menu as your last visit! Yes, they do record what you ate!! Specical??...Then you may ask do they have such a long menu??....Ah that's the point! The owner will invite a special guest, a retired Japanese chef from Japan, to train and test out the menu there. Then he'll also create some nice, special, delicious dishes into the menu before he left!!
The patch box was part of a girl’s marriage trousseau for a very long time. It was among the jewellery that was distributed at court in certain circumstances. The description of the toiletry set given by Louis XV to the Dauphine in 1680, mentioned three patch boxes in vermilion.
The entire DV process is horrible. We had hearings and extensions and were scheduled to go before a judge for another hearing. I really wanted to settle and I really just wanted him to leave me alone. He ended up getting witnesses on his behalf, saying it was all my fault he treated me like he did and that they never saw him act the way that I said he did. Well, I know the truth. I know what happened in my home.
In December 2010 “walked” guns were identified as the murder weapons in the death of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry by drug cartels. An anguished ATF agent made the decision to expose the gunwalking operation, after the bureau ignored months of complaints.
Even smart, well-trained managers make dumb mistakes. But the difference between dumb managers and smart ones is that smart managers notice when their people are unmotivated or uninspired. They work at making small behavioral changes to correct the common management mistakes that are impeding their performance.
(from this Friday )
My tears dropped onto his silky, orange tummy.
Design houses are fascinating to me. Each designer's room has a totally different style and design approach, and it's cool to compare them. And since they're not usually designed for actual clients, the designer can really express their style.
I got a jigsaw puzzle tradition from my mom. And there has rarely been a year since I lived on my own when I have not followed the tradition.
is idiomatic, at least in Conversational levels and in their written representations, but Edited English avoids it because it is often criticized for its faulty parallelism. . . . Particularly in longer sentences, punctuation gets more complicated when you restore the as: He is as handsome and well-mannered as, or even handsomer and better-mannered than, his older brother.
-In March, after almost a year of self-publishing, I didn’t want to lose my thunder, so I needed to buckle down and write a sequel to “Year of the Chick.” So…I took a week off work and wrote 58,000 words in six days. That was a crazy experience that I wrote about here, and because I focused everything on making that draft, I am now in the comfortable first-revision mode, and right on track with my deadline to release the sequel (June 7th! ).
I was delighted of course to enjoy the typical favorites. I love to eat Lo Mein and it was really good, the crab rangoon were fresh, crisp and delicious. The potstickers were soft, light and full of flavor. The chicken for the sweet and sour chicken was perfectly battered and fried. The sweet and sour sauce was that fake red sauce, which was disappointed because I would of loved to have seen the orange sauce with pineapples. There was chicken teriyaki skewers, egg rolls, mango chicken, peppered chicken wings, and some huge BBQ Ribs and so much more that is so filling.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Coat a 10" Bundt pan with nonstick spray, dust with flour, and shake out the excess. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt. In a medium bowl, combine the eggs and egg whites. Beat lightly with a fork. Stir in canola oil, orange juice concentrate, and vanilla. Add the carrots and apple. Stir to mix well. Pour into the flour mixture, stirring until just moistened. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake for 55 to 60 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a rack for 10 minutes. Invert the cake onto the rack and allow to cool completely before frosting.
The Age specifically mentioned and cited Carmia's live updates from Haifa in an article published on July 18:
The services sector, which accounts for a third of the economy, grew only 0.1 percent in the first quarter this year, after a decline of 0.1 percent in the previous quarter.
Macadamia nut oil infused with lime and chilli (otherwise sesame oil is fine too)
Technology firms are seeking more patents, expanding their scope, licensing more, litigating more and overhauling their business models around intellectual property. Yet paradoxically, as some companies batten down the hatches, other firms have found ways of making money by opening up their treasure-chest of innovation and sharing it with others. The rise of open-source software is just one example. And a new breed of companies has appeared on the periphery of today's tech firms, acting as intellectual-property intermediaries and creating a market for ideas.
See for yourself.
They want to get back to a place where they can roam,
"I realize there are people who will criticize me, calling me selfish and immature because I took "the easy way out." I realize there are those who will condemn me to hell for what I'm about to do. Well, I don't care what they say: It's worth it for all the fun and laughs I'm going to have at the clinic. So listen up, world: I'm pro-abortion... and I love it! See you at my post-abortion party, everybody!"
117Not grace, or zeal, love only was my call,
TIP The best thing to remove onion odor from your hands is to rub a stainless steel spoon all over them. It works like magic! :D
Fatigue and rust will affect each team but a team like the Sixers which is returning every core player and most of their bench contributors should be able to gel quickly. The youth of the team should also help when it comes to playing on two and sometimes three nights in a row more often than usual. 40-26 would set the Sixers up nicely going into the playoffs and could land them somewhere around 4 or 5 in the Eastern Conference. This team is hungry to win and they will have a chance to strike with this shortened NBA season.
This makes absolutely no sense to me. I searched on this myself and really didn’t get much of a result. If anyone can help me out, I’d be most appreciative.
In it President Bill Clinton is featured saying that Mr Obama took ‘the harder and the more honourable path’ in ordering that bin Laden be killed. The words ‘Which path would Mitt Romney have taken?’ are then displayed.
All this writing about Patan, the City of Artists, reminds me that it's a nice place to spend more than one day. If you're moved to spend the night, try the ultra-cheap, friendly and clean Mahabauddha Peace Guest House in the neighborhood called Mahabauddha, which is walking distance from Patan Durbar Square.
We need a powerful network abroad in the field of academic proficiency, as much as in production and know-how, and to increase collaboration with design companies boasting of great experience and expertise. Manufacturing culture in Iceland is still quite modest in size and needs boosting. Different requirements need to be professionally defined; for instance, a wool manufacturer will need a different approach than a manufacturer of software and technology. The road from concept to implementation is a long one, and there is a real lack of substantial knowledge in Iceland of each stage of the process. As there is much diversity within the design process, we need to cultivate powerful networks with parties abroad in order to fully process certain industrial goods in Iceland successfully. Engineering offices should be established to solve complex problems, and ways of financially supporting start-up companies need rethinking in order to advance and develop these companies. With increased support and understanding it should be possible, over time, to manufacture industrial products from start to finish in Iceland, and open doors for diverse design companies.
Dean Karnazes is such a person, a man who always enjoyed sports but discovered a real passion for running incredibly long distances as he entered his thirties. In my own family there are a few members who have gone down a less extreme road but their motivation was still something of a mystery to me. His book goes some way to explaining the mentality that drives people to explore their utmost limits. His book is full of wise words that made me think about all aspects of my life and wonder if I am really achieving my potential.
She is great!
‘Much obliged ma’am’, he said as he let his hat fall back over his eyes and he relaxed back into his chair. Returning to work for the remainder of my shift, I kept thinking about what Jack had said. I’d spent most of my life in this town, and rarely ventured elsewhere.
Osama bin Laden dead: officials – Americas – Al Jazeera English
Brian Blomme, Greenpeace International Communications,
The sales clerk looked into a distance as if trying to suppress a laugh, then turned to me and said:
The thought of any harm coming to Little A terrifies me. For over a year I was plagued by vivid intrusive thoughts of macabre things happening to her like being carried away by rats, a stranger breaking in and kidnapping her in the dead of night, or of her falling into a fire and burning to death. It makes me shudder just writing that. These intense thoughts were just one of the variety of PTSD symptoms I experienced since Little A's birth. Fortunately the trauma focused therapy (EMDR) I am currently having has made a very positive difference. I can honestly say I am no longer traumatised and the thoughts are evaporating like cotton wool clouds on a blue Summers day.
Emperor Penguins are amazing animals in terms of communities, parenting, mating, and hunting. They do everything in packs, and groups. They journey across the ice together, and they coordinate their hunting. The males look after the eggs once the females lay them, and they mate for a year and then switch. In a way, they are very much like humans. Apart from the males looking after the eggs.
- Bradley Styes / all music & lyrics
It’s apt too as Winterson expresses rueful regret at the way in which Oranges has been taken as her autobiography: so here’s the real thing. Oranges was a “cover version … a story I could live with. The other one was too painful. I could not survive it.” If Oranges was all about her mother, then Why Be Happy is all about her mothers: Mrs Winterson, who took her in (though “the Devil led us to the wrong crib” she would say when young Jeanette was troublesome), and her birth mother, who gave her up aged six weeks. (As I write this, my son aged four weeks is sleeping in front of me. This is heady stuff to contemplate.) She does it plainly, and winningly, part confessor friend, part eloquent persuader.
The pub was called The Otter’s Head. Nobody remembered why, but occasionally visitors would ask to see the head and the barman would shake his own and point sadly to the rear salon, where a glass case on the far wall held the mounted body of a decapitated otter. The landlord’s father had found it behind a bricked-up wall six decades ago, but that was hundreds of years after the pub was built and only added to the mystery.
One man - who asked to remain anonymous - said the officer was searching some men who lay on the floor when suddenly his gun went off and shot the victim.
Joseph was sold into slavery
I have found a good quality performance of the first movement. The work is in four movements. The third is by far the most well known but I like this first movement which I think is wonderful. Enjoy with cheese and crackers.
Hang on, hang on. Quit your outraged rabble-rabble and hear me out. Please. By throwing out an author’s business card, I’m not throwing them out. I just can’t remember who they are by that business card. It’s a generic-looking piece of cardstock with butterflies on it. Even though the author claims to write women’s fiction in which no butterflies are featured. I’m not calling that author’s cell. I’m not emailing her to see what’s up. And here’s the last nail in the business card’s coffin: there is only one reason I would need to be in contact with the author, and that is if I requested material. And if I requested material, I’d have the author’s email address when the proposal or manuscript was delivered to my trusty inbox.
I will never accept defeat.
"not the least of the torments which plague our existence is the constant pressure of time, which never lets us so much as draw breath but pursues us all like a taskmaster with a whip. it ceases to persecute only him it has delivered over to boredom.
AUSTIN/SAN ANTONIO TX
On April 26, Borough President Marty Markowitz, nearly bursting with anticipation, floated a hint, suggesting at a press conference that "the best is yet to come."
Oh my goodness I had childhood flashbacks when I saw these in separate shops. In fact I did talk myself out of the purple one whilst out shopping with BearsFootprints. I had only got the pink one days before so decided I didn't NEED another one ..... boy was I wrong! I couldn't sleep with ideas for the left behind sheet swirling in my head .... I went to work and told my work mate all about it (luckily she knows me very well now and humours my mad chats :-)) .... then first thing Monday morning I had to go back and buy it as I did NEED it afterall :-) I have dreams of them being turned into a vintage teepee for the children - only time will tell !
Dr David Haslam, chairman of the National Obesity Forum, said the ‘Not Rocket Science’ diet sent out ‘a good message’.
I started by replacing some of the groceries we had been buying with homemade equivalents. I committed to replacing our sandwich bread and located and dusted off our dormant bread maker.
Water spinach, locally known as kangkong, is a semi-aquatic plant grown as a leaf vegetable. It has high nutritional value and is well adapted to the ecological conditions in tropical countries and in the market especially during the summer time when other vegetables are limited. It is one of my favorite vegetables. I like it in fish and meat stew (sinigang) but I like it most in soy sauce and lime juice or adobo.
After many years the memory of St. Stephen’s burial place had left the minds of men, until 415 when Gamaliel appeared three times to Father Lucian, priest at Capharganda. He revealed to Fr. Lucian the place of his burial and everything about it. Fr. Lucian received the blessing of the Patriarch to exhume the saints from their grave where a strong, sweet fragrance filled the cave.
But the stunt backfired on the accusers after they were arrested on a range of charges, including false imprisonment.
When we got to the school, we put out a piece of blue construction paper at each child's place along with a bunch of strips of tisue paper and several circles of tissue paper. They had cups of glue and q-tips for spreading the glue. The q-tips didn't work that well, so we switched to paintbrushes.
God promised Adam a “Deliverer” who would conquer Satan, undo his evil, and bring the creation back to its perfect form (Genesis 3:15.)
As if that wasn't enough, it did something else for me too. It reignited my old love of writing. My life has NOT been the same since I started writing. And now I've met SO many wonderful friends in real life AND online because of reading and writing. I have found my "thing", what I love doing. It's awesome.
Goodness grief
SML–…appreciate these things and not get frustrated at the lack of answers to begin with.
The second page that I did was inspired by a Sara Barielles song called "King of anything." This page was a bit of a challenge; I drew the self-portrait and got almost done and then looked at it and thought "blech, hate this." So, I pitched it and started all over again. I'm really happy with the way it turned out. I used B41, B45, B97, bv02, bv04, &bv08 for the dress and bow, and e33, e37 and e44 for the hair.
1 pack of marshmallows
I kind of like the little tattoos people put in discrete places. I’ve even considered doing it myself. A little butterfly here or there. Okay, maybe if I was younger, I would’ve done it myself.
In one section, all street signs have a fancy motif. It would have been easier to take the tour bus and have the cities features pointed out to you by a guide. But you miss so much, including getting accosted by a security guard for breaking the law.
There are a few men that come into the store. Pretty fucking amazing men frankly. Men that think outside of the norm when it comes to shopping. Men that are curious and stay because it's awesome. Men that are stuck there with their wives (I'll never in a million years figure that one out - go home - go to the Home Depot - go anywhere but following your wife around looking like an idiot). Men that are gay and therefore (in a sweeping general sense) more savvy to shopping. Men that consign.
WHERE: 6TH AVENUE TRIANGLE AT ST. MARKS PLACE AND FLATBUSH AVENUE!
Scarlet Thread is excited to introduce another new designer to you: Jeff Kulick. We've been working with him for several months to bring his first chart to you, "Halloween Abstract." Recently, Jeff sat down and answered a barrage of questions we lobbed his way. I think you'll find his take on needlepoint refreshing and inspiring.
As if a game of chess played by the world’s top 10 players, they maneuvered through the neighborhoods, wrong footed all concerned, destroyed properties and checkmated thousands of residents. The trail of destruction spanned neighborhoods from Orange County to Santa Barbara.
Monday: high-level question, direct instruction/note taking (15 min.), prolonged independent reading, and answer to question; HW: 30 minutes reading and 15 minutes practice
It has been going on for sometime but it took a courageous public resignation of a senior employee to blow the whistle on how bad operations were. It took the release of a secret report from an outside consultant to reveal the facts that Guelph’s administration has been functioning in a dismal fashion.
Do you have a blog or brand geared towards mompreneurs, mom bloggers, women or brides? I'd be proud to feature you on Sweet Stella's!
O strongest you in the hour of danger, in crisis! O truer than
And some day when she is able to understand, I hope to tell Gianna that. By the way, her name means ‘God is gracious’. And indeed He is. Always has been. To her. To me. To you.
5) If you understand someone’s pain, you will have a hard time not understanding their anger. I am a firm believer that behind anger there is always a little bit of pain. If you understand why a person is hurting, take it from me, it will be so hard to be angry at their anger. I agree that a person’s hurt and pain does not give them the right to mistreat people. It does not give them the right to do people wrong. But when you open your heart and try to understand their pain, you will think to yourself, “I wonder what -I- would have done if I were hurt that bad.” There are always these quotes about not judging people unless you’ve been in their shoes. “Don’t judge a man unless you’ve walked two moons in his moccasins.” The truth is, when we stop and think about another person’s situation- and REALLY try to be perceptive- we find that we’ve been in a very similar situation ourselves. Keep an open mind, and an open heart.
Remember how I said Leanne got shoes at Macy’s? Remember? Well she did and she tried them on at Macy’s walked around in them… The shoes fit fine, they were a little tight, but they were okay. Leanne thought everything was cool, this was not the case. We got ready to go; makeup, dressed up and of course shoes. As soon as we stepped into the hallway, Leanne stepped out of one of her shoes. No biggie, she just slipped out. Umm, no. The shoes would not stay on!
- 2 1/4 c powdered sugar
When thoughts rise up unbid
Today, the sun is shining . . . and I’m starting to gear up for my own personal celebration. My garden is growing, and some of the flowers are blooming. Inspired, I already feel my creative energy stirring.
Since I don’t want to be like this, I figure it’s a good time to go back and remind myself of some of the get well stuff that I tried to do when I was more unwell last year.
'well my so-and-so said that 8 of their neighbors got robbed...' or ' my friend's friend...someone broke down the door while they were upstairs sleeping in the middle of the day but when they turned on the light the robber ran off'.....
Everything went well for Lucas yesterday and I am contributing it to your good thoughts and prayers that you sent for him! The work began on the right side of his mouth. It was originally thought that all of his teeth would have to be removed. However with Lucas under anesthetic, the dentist was able to do a more thorough exam and it was decided that about 5 of his teeth on the right were salvageable; but in the end 15 (!!) were removed. He will have another surgery in about a month to do the left side to remove and save about the same number.
Wishing everyone a wonderful weekend.
Finally, and most important of all, this story reminds me again the history of the Holocaust and the horrors behind all. Needless to say, The Lost Wife will stay in my mind for a while.
A mighty nation grows.
“S” does, that’s who. “S” leaves MY number on someone else’s car… Wait, what what else did she leave…
Splits - 12:35, 12:47, 12:41, 12:06, 13:18, 10:33
It's always pain when come to Valentine's Day as this was the day 3 years ago that I make a daring 'shout' to him for making a decision fast.. but never did I expect that 3 days later, Princess follow suit to arrive to great the world!! Princess was born 9 days earlier than schedule!
i think it tells more of a story about who lives here than a perfect black one.
Things that don’t require a lot of energy but things I needed to do, it bothers me to just sit around. So I ‘d tweak something little and then rest, it has taken me all day to do these few things.
In other news, Mark Bittman is confusing.
7. Sift flour and baking powder in and stir until fully combined.
The first thing I did, of course, was climb to the top of the acropolis and look down over Athens. This was a really awesome experience. The climb is a pretty easy hike, the only problem is the slick, slick, slick marble steps leading up to it. The path on the way up is surrounded by olive trees which is perfect because according to the myth that’s how Athena got to be the goddess of Athens- she gave the gift of the olive tree. The ruins have been excellently preserved by archaeologists, and they’ve done some reconstructing- which, I didn’t know how I felt about that, but they made it so you could very easily tell what was reconstructed by leaving it a bright white color. When a lot of people think of the acropolis, they only think of the Parthenon, but there is a lot more up there. If fact, my favorite part of the acropolis was probably the Theatre of Herodes Atticus. Another one I really enjoyed was the Erechtheum, which has the Porch of Caryatids. Even though the ones up there are replicas, they still look majestic and so beautiful.
April 20, 2007 Clip No. 1429
Always start with the slowest flowing teat your baby can take to reduce choking from drinking too fast and too much. However, if your baby finds it too slow and getting frustrated, change to a faster flowing teat so he will not suck in too much air from trying to get that milk quickly. Different babies prefers different brands of bottle teats too.
Oh, meet me in a land of hope and dreams
Hogan makes the announcement and chooses Anderson and Hardy, the match is on now.
To the bloggers and authors I regularly interact with if you wish to be removed from the hops or bookblasts I host please let me know.
Spoon - Girls Can Tell - 2000
Turning her head at the sound of her cell’s ring tone set too loud, she practically jumped out of the chair without leaving it. Only finding feet on the floor to cross it, she answered and was only momentarily comforted to hear Ben’s voice.
#3- The Mercenaries: Dawn McGill and Svetlana Kovalevski (I)
WN: Uhhhh…
The sun is ten degrees above the horizon.
And who is there that believes in Fate
The average man is more interested in a woman who is interested in him than he is in a woman-any woman-beautiful
This list is now in book form (it originally ran as a New York Times article called “Easy on the Adverbs, Exclamation Points and Especially Hooptedoodle”), with humorous art work, and makes a lovely gift for the writer or editor in your life.
Add flour to butter, sugar, egg mixture, alternating with sour cream then add flavoring.
Sounds and smells and feels/textures are good. Tastes? Well, that all depends on the character and the genre! But sure, experiment.
Finally, there is nothing ‘Maha’ about Mahasiswa if they cannot even choose their own religion without becoming second class citizens.
I just received a MMS Photo of a picture of their berth in the sleeping car. A couple of minutes later I received another picture stating "this" is our room.
this month i celebrated 26 years clean and sober. i've spent some really peaceful time reflecting on those years these past few weeks, and the nightmare years that preceded them. this is as opposed to all the times i have agonized with guilt and shame, wishing for a different story. to really embrace the path that brought me to this place, this now....that is the miracle of my life today.
"Things to Make and Do for Easter" (1979) by Marion Cole and Olivia H. H. Cole was my childhood manual for Easter weekend arts and crafts. Alongside instructions for making Easter eggs and their accompanying basket, the book shared holiday themed recipes, puzzles, riddles and games. Such happiness it brought. Click on the links above to revisit some of my early Easter memories.
“Well, maybe you’d like to buy something age appropriate.”
GENERAL PETRAEUS: Again, certainly, the active brigade combat teams were going to come out of there. Again, I am not aware of what is available in terms of battalions, brigades or what have you…
Although my supplement repository changes, there are some staples that I like to include “almost” always. I say “almost” because there are times when I just plain have a supplement-free day. The following is a list of supplements you’ll routinely find on my countertop or in my refrigerator (in addition to some food-source “supplements,” like Brazil nuts for selenium). I also include a list of supplements that I “frequently” have in my life. Remember, the items below are just a partial list of everything I take. Furthermore, I’m constantly researching and experimenting, meaning I’m always trying new things that I’m not ready to recommend yet but I may in the future. Note: If you are pregnant or breast-feeding, be sure to check with your physician or midwife before taking supplements.
I don’t buy that for the reasons we’ve talked about and why I think that there might be something else going on—things actually entering into this reality and there being a energy shift, but I do think it’s possible that there is a hypnotic effect involved.
Disney Pooh and Friends: Clouds different sizes.
and my heart was broken into bits.
5. That to the best of my knowledge or belief, there is no other complaint/petition filed involving the same issues at bar;
So the other day I was out wandering through Blogland when I came across a new place to visit ~ This Eclectic Life. I felt very comfortable, sat right down and read for awhile. One of the features of this blog is 'Only the Good Friday' and it caught my attention. It is a meme and I don't usually participate in memes because I don't like any blogging restrictions. I like to blog when I want to blog or when I have the time to blog BUT I totally feel the need to focus on the positive in my life which is the intent of 'Only the Good Friday'. You just have to focus on something good that has happened in your life recently. No negativity allowed. It is simple ~ it can be a picture, a recipe, a thought ~ just keep it positive. So I signed on to help spread the good news because we certainly need it.
III) Cult Film? To Show the Truth
"It looks like a person who has been pregnant or nursing, and you are pregnant. That is all. We see no mass, or anything abnormal."
in a mood of black moving through.
This week Gordon threw the chefs into a real kitchen, cooking for one of the most prestigious restaurants in Los Angeles, then gave them a rather fishy pressure test. Who failed to deliver the goods? Read on…
Which do you prefer sweet or salty? Or both at the same time? Almost always, I prefer salty. Especially cheese. With crackers. And salty fish. And nuts. This is my downfall when it comes to keeping my weight under control!!
So, without further or do;
Up and down 3rd access. 36:30 PR from Chat to the summit, which was weird as I wasn't putting in a particularly focused effort and had a sluggish start being almost a minute slow to the base of the 2nd Flatiron. Round-tripped in 57:28, after which I put in 10min of barefoot on the Chautauqua lawn.
I'm in a weird mood tonight (weird=emotional). Probably for a few reasons. One being that I'm just about to start my period. Hallelujah for not being pregnant...yet. Two that I'm lonely. My husband's been gone a long time. And as annoying as he can be at night, I'm starting to get bored without him.
While he’s attended the festival for years, this will be Keyser’s first year gracing the stage as a performer. “I don’t think I’d be misspeaking if I said the majority of chip artists have a hope to one day play on that stage. I don’t think that’s unfair to say. It’s the biggest event in chip music, I think in the world, if I’m not mistaken, and it means a lot to do that.”
craft, I have tried it. From drawing, painting, sewing, doll & pattern
I wish I knew who the photographer was, so I could credit him.
I chose this shade as it is a blend of four colours so it will show different tones under different lightning. (^^)
Ta ta. Goonight. Goonight.
Each have only 4 votes in general elections.
Tropical Cyclone is on its way to KZN 4 March 2012- Durbanites and North Coasters be extra careful, it’s said to be between 400 mm to 800 mm of rain – this was last recorded in 1984, stay away from rivers and roads..
J. alexander or Miss J. as he is affectionately known has been friends with Tyra since she was sixteen years old. They met backstage at a runway show, and he began to give her walking lessons. Miss J. who lives in Paris with his son has remained silent on the firings and made no public statement as of yet.
The research which involved tracking 500 males born between 1866 and 1915 on the small Italian island backs up the findings of 12 previous studies.
This is our super awesome pool.
The second student replied, “I love to watch the trees and fields pass by as I roll down the path!” The teacher commended the second student, “Your eyes are open, and you see the world.”
When penning an editorial which will be read some weeks after the event, the mood of the moment—which determines its content—is hard to recapture. The mood which governs this editorial is one of disappointment verging on anticlimax. Six-times-Wimbledon winner Roger Federer has been eliminated ahead of time from the tournament he was favoured to win, joining Venus Williams in the spectators' gallery. The fancied Italian and French teams have made their graceless exits from the soccer World Cup. The G8 and G20 meetings have failed to achieve any objective other than surviving the ritual demonstrations that attend their every gathering. And, in the biggest anticlimax of all, the US Supreme Court has given its long-awaited judgment in In re Bilski.Early expert comment received from pundits on both sides of the Atlantic has been largely along the lines of ‘business as usual’. Indeed, this was the headline of one global practice's news release and it was much the same message that IP auctioneer Ocean Tomo has been putting out since the decision of the Court of Appeal for the Federal Circuit held the disputed business method patent invalid in 2008. What it seems to mean is that, as before, some business methods will continue to be patentable while others are not.
Snow and ice and i’m all a quiver
This solution was first heard of by Michael Schmidt of German magazine ‘Auto Motor und Sport’ (AMuS). Schmidt passed the tip off to Giorgio Piola who spent hours in the pitlane observing the Mercedes car and how mechanics handled the different wings. A task made additionally difficult, as he could not arouse suspicion by Mercedes and give away the fact he was researching the tip off.
And John 13:34-35 “A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another. By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another.”
An atheist professor of philosophy was speaking to his class on the problem science has with God the Almighty. He asked one of his new christian students to stand.
It couldn't have gone better. We left the pool with that happy glow that comes with sucessfully pulling off a potentially traumatic outing. Even Geekyboys tears and wails of "want to go back in swimming pool" had a sweet irony. Nothing in the world quite beats that sense of achievement!
Anyway, with busy Fall evenings ahead, how wonderful it is to sit down to a steaming bowl of stew which only took minutes to makes. Truly, make your Sunday roast and then, chop the leftovers to use later in the week. If you do that, then come stew night, food prep will literally take a few minutes.
The agency's talent search will take place from January to March in 15 cities in the five countries of Korea, China, Canada, Japan, and the U.S., opening with the coastal city of Busan on Jan. 7.
1185 **D-VI/4/1994. “On the Idea of Justice in Ancient Athens.” Humanities West Conference, San Francisco, California. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(4), pp. 599-604.) See Item C-1996(1), above.)
Ahab sent for all the children of Israel, and gathered the prophets together on Mount Carmel. Elijah came to all the people, and said,
This “white” tequila comes from one of the few family-owned agave estates in Jalisco. After the second distillation, oxygen is infused into the tequila to bring out its flavor & aroma.
The People Vs. Larry Flynt (Michael Hausman, Oliver Stone and Janet Yang, producers)
We are also cut off from God by the spiritual law when we sin. Sin is a spiritual barrier that keeps us from God. It too is a barrier that we cannot overcome on our own.
Demographics- What is their age, gender, socio-economic status, education background?
The Advanced Artists Development Group debut exhibition featuring works by:
In a large bowl, combine shredded chicken, pecans, apple, cranberries and onion. Toss with dressing until well combined.
The Christian life is lived in the context of mystical union with Christ. This union finds its initial origin in eternity. Our salvation is from the foundation of the world, resting in the grace of God’s sovereign election. Paul indicates this in Ephesians 1:3-6.
And of course, that brings us to 1998: Leaf vs. Manning. People forget how close of a competition it was between who should be taken first. It could have been decided by a coin-flip. Leaf was supposed to be bigger and stronger. Manning was supposed to have the upbringing and better decision-making skills. There was no reaching here; picking either one would have been celebrated as a victory on draft day.
So I'm sorry for the debts that I've made
Monty: " Yup."
I have used running to meditate through a lot of changes this year. Coming full circle back to Monterey in what seems like the blink of an eye has me turning them over in my mind again. Geekydaddy quit the business he was trying to start and took a new job, one that he loves but that makes huge demands on his time and mental energy. Geekygirl started Kindergarten at a wonderful, but challenging inner city school that makes demands on mine. My company merged the San Francisco office with the one in San Diego into a "one company/two locations" model, bringing with it the stress of forced change, rivalries, opportunities and the logistical issues of working with people in an office 500 miles away. I have become a regular on the Virgin America early flight from SFO to SAN, and the children now have more toys from that city's airport gift store than I had ever thought possible to buy.
Hope you guys have a great weekend!
I, also, often think about how one tiny difference in the course of events can drastically change the outcome of something. Of a life, even! The story I am about to tell as an example is kind of a silly one, but I think it gets the point across.
It made me realize that even though I do not get to see the stunning views on regular bases, the few times I get the privilege to see them makes the experience even more precious and enchanting.
After reading Ricardo Dominguez’ article for today, I thought more about virtual space as a stage for urban space practice. Ricardo distinguishes electronic civil disobedience from civil disobedience in order to emphasize how the former is much less politically acceptable than the latter. ECD is to disrupt and occupy flows of telecommunication, CD is to disrupt and occupy flows of vehicles, pedestrians.
We look forward to what tomorrow will bring us.
To finally secure a deal felt very settling and very ordinary. Excitement was there but it was more like I’d always known deep inside that I could do it and now other people were happy to validate that feeling and put their money on it. I feel so very blessed and have enormous gratitude to both Eve and Rachel for taking me on.
I fly the flag; no one decreed,
It's true that as you get all old and shit you return to the tastes of your childhood. Specifically, those tastes that come loaded down with artificial colorings, guar gum, polysorbate 80 and monosodium glutimate. It probably has a lot to do with the soft texture and oversalted, fat-laden mouth feel too, but whatever it is, you go back to it in times of uncertainty, like when you're travelling and you don't know where's good to eat. Like we did.
My List of Questions:
The lack of focus on training and fundraising tends to bring more things to the surface. The fact that I’ve had a rough time finding a job when I finish my fellowship. That our sweet kitty passed. That we almost had to move out when our landlord decided to raise the rent. That we don’t really know where we’ll be in the next few months. It’s been quite a year, so much that I can definitely say my best day was running a marathon in 89 degrees.
Gadkalika temple is the temple which Kalidasa, used to pray when in Ujjain and we believe that this is where Devi wrote on Kalidasa’s tongue “asti kaschit vag vis’eshah” and turned him from a total ignoramus to to the world greatest sanskrit dramatist a gem of Vikramaditya’s court and a standard for similies. Some archaeological studies have been conducted here.
Because the paint portrays the very feel.
Enough about my own shit. One thing I have been very active in the past week is knocking off needs from my 1964 Topps Coins checklist! The only real game plan I had going into this was that I wanted to knock off the remaining five HOFer coins I needed, two of which are Mickey Mantles. Well, need them I do NO MORE!
This doc tells the story of the first exotic animal act in the U.S. Joy and Ron Holiday were internationally-acclaimed dancers who thought ahead to the natural decline of their physical prowess and so transitioned into a touring act that incorporated dance, magic, and exotic cats. When the act grew too large for them to comfortably manage, they added Chuck Lizza to become a trio in more ways than one. From there the movie takes an almost inevitable tragic turn, which of course I will not spoil.
1/2 teasoon bicarb soda
I know I must have done something wrong since other bakers have been able to get theirs to stripe properly, but mine didn't.
Mandatory entry: Follow this blog via google friend connect (on my sidebar) and leave a comment letting me know. (1 entry)
In all likelihood, as a senior member of that criminal fraternity, Madoff knows just about everything there is to know concerning who planned the 9/11 attacks, who carried them out, and which ones of the corrupt politicians, lawmakers, and senior law enforcement officers in the country helped the perpetrators, or at least knew about the plans. If persuaded skillfully, as a condition of his plea bargain, he could reveal the identity of the key people who ordered and executed the deadly attacks on the America on 9/11.
It's also become a great investment that will allow them to save wherever they possibly can. Keep in mind to approach just about every month. To get acquainted with the 3g nec e606 and maintenance of telephones and switches, growth was slow even with technology interest from the 3g nec e606 of purchase that guarantees against any faulty equipment. The phones themselves are highly innovative, sleek in design, and come with built-in caller ID, 8 hour 160 mailbox for voicemail and three-22 key LCD display offers a visually appealing solution for the nec e606 software, you must check the six printer driver ic's spoilt.
breaching the brim
- The 3D presentation is MUCH improved compared to the original Clash of the Titans!
Apparently my sister wasn’t too happy with being left with my grandmother (which is understandable… my grandmother didn’t really have a child-friendly home. No Touching was a big rule). My grandmother asked my sister if when my sister was having a second kid, would she have her first kid stay with her?
I woke up this morning to hit the gym for one last Midwest run, but there was snow on the ground.
it's freedom, confidence, joy, & a voice.
Neckbands made by binding the edge.
If you apperceive Patrick well, you will accept the irony in his endure statement. Anyways, on with it.
Soak the tamarind in 1 cup of warm water for 10 minutres and make an extract. Finely chop the tomatoes. Grind the coconut, poppy seeds, ginger, 1/4 tsp fennel seeds into a smooth paste. Heat oil in a pan and add mustard, cumin seeds, 1/2 tsp fennel seeds. When the mustard crack add hing, curry leaves, chopped tomatoes, turmeric powder and saute them until the tomatoes become tender. Add the tamarind extract, ground paste, chilli powder, sambar powder, salt, 1 cup water and allow it to boil. Drop in the dumplings and cook in a medium to low flame for 15- 20 minutes. If the gravy is too thin then break two of the dumplings in the gravy and mix well to get the right consistency for the gravy. Serve hot with rice.
And that's where the problem lies, IMO.
Chocolate Bread Pudding with Sun-dried Cherries and Whipped Crème Fraiche
What would you like to learn to do?
We will live in the United States and I hope we will be in a house in the countryside and just maybe, we will have a couple of chickens..
Members and friends of the Puyallup Congregation, including some who hadn’t been active for a while, are providing sanctuary so their neighbors don’t have to sleep in the cold. They are attempting to fulfill what it means to be a community of Christ.
She’s back! My vacation to San Francisco was a lovely time. It was refreshing to be inspired by something other than pixels (my computer screen) and experience the world. This week I will be sharing the little adventures we had.
11. The striped side by side tiles from FLOR would be perfect for the playroom since each tile can be picked up, washed off and be put back into place so there's no need to worry if some juice is spilled or if a painting spree goes wrong!
on the massive gap between productivity and income growth in the USA in the period 1975-2010. I am sure this picture would be reflecting in other developed countries, though the gap would be smaller. The graph in particular is amazing, especially the fact that after 1975 income of those working to produce the productivity (and the income includes workers at all levels right up to CEOs, most of whom of course run small businesses, and don’t have huge incomes) failed to match the results they were achieving. No wonder the middle class feels it is losing out. It is. Some of them, as a result blame the government, or the poor, or the tax system and join the Tea Party, when the cause is more fundamental: the failure of rewards to track productivity after 1975, largely because globalization held down wages because of competition from countries with much lower wage rates. Understanding the real causes is the first step to good solutions, and also avoiding false solutions, like blaming the workforce whose productivity has grown so much.
The reason for my last statement, inside the bay is cold and the water is dirty, dirty, dirty! We all love hearing that I know. But again, we get these swirling currents come this time of the year and you can find all of a sudden the water is clean green as we expect most of the time. We´ve had several unusual years of El Nino followed by La Nina for the last two years. So I have forgotten what a normal condition is. I guess normal is whatever Mother Nature says it is….
Tre- "Ya, only girls have long hair and only girls have Afro's; right Mommy."
Packaged like a gift for visiting King, assured, and classy it screams a beer to savoured. Pours rich like a port stained mahogany writing desk. The fizz is energetic but works to force the pourer to take time allow the beer to come to life.
Not when I wear this mask on me.
You have probably heard "After Laughter Comes Tears", a sick and oft-sampled Northern Soul joint from 1964 by Memphis house-shaker Wendy Rene. She's one of those artists who has an approach and vibe of almost reggae-like consistency. Meaning so many of her jams have the same feel and almost sound alike (dour, woeful and tormented someone-done-me-wrong soul laments) but you can still listen all day. Then some others are just fun and nuts (see "Bar B Q", below)... I assembled this best of today from a bunch of other online 45 rips, comp tracks, etc. Hope you dig it!
Ok ... Got to go... Just found out last night that there's a zine exchange tonight and I actually managed to put a few pages together for it! Got to print it now! I'll post about it asap!
This post is brought to you (with little interjections from me) by my wonderful Handy Hubby. It was a little long, so I broke the "reveal" and "welding how-to" into two posts. Check back tomorrow to see the desk surface and welded base together, forever.
The reservoir sits in Highland Park on the border with Brooklyn. It was built as a reservoir in 1858 and continued to serve Brooklyn until 1959, when basins one and three were drained.
Anyway, I thought I should share these as I am very happy with how they turned out. I did have more but have used them :)
Although MFS has been successful in Tujijenge, there are key lessons to be learned from this implementation. What was evident from the study was that customer awareness and training is key. Tujijenge did invest a lot of time training clients, conducting training at each group meeting, and creating informational pamphlets with simple language. Literacy levels in Tanzania are quite low, leaving a question over the success of the training and pamphlets, and whether clients had to struggle to understand the product, which would affect how easily and quickly they trusted the system.
Daf, Bahman Ghobadi, Iran. Documentary, 40 min.
The crowd shouted in agreement, focused on Van Cleef’s words. The nobles had apparently decided to take action; guards were starting to swarm the upper platform towards Van Cleef’s position, and around the gathered crowd below. The king was nowhere to be seen, taken away to the safety of his new home.
"I don't know how you did that, four of us guys stood here trying to figure out how changing the hoses would make a difference......"
Am I the only person around who thinks John Travolta is just a bit too creepy and might be that guy you see driving a weird, old van in your neighborhood right after school lets out?
It's always a bit shocking to be back in the suburbs and the quiet. But I have to admit that its a nice respite from the city, although I terribly miss the overall energy of NYC and am looking forward to heading back. But until then, I hope to explore some more of my own native city. My friends and I are planning a cultural excursion to Philadelphia (with art museums, restaurants, Center City, and the works). I'm excited!
I realized recently that I can't do this alone. For the first time, I was going to need serious help to get this done.
-Yellow Slime Skin, only obtainable via transmute skin ability, increases defense a little.
It told me I was 23% done.
The time went by too quickly and soon it was time to say good-bye. Anna and Bronwen exchanged love gifts as if they were life-long BFFs.
Guaranteed listing with major US wholesalers, for example, Ingram Book and Baker & Taylor
I can personally vouch for Shaw’s sentiment, as I beg your indulgence as I digress to a time gone past, to that day of yesteryear, to an epoch known as the 20th century…to when I was in high school.
I like to keep things a little dangerous.
A 529 Plan is an education savings plan operated by a state or educational institution designed to help families set aside funds for future college costs. It is named after Section 529 of the Internal Revenue Code which created these types of savings plans in 1996.
Here is the Ingredients you need for grains fritters :
My friend Cathy gave me this little chipboard BIRD shaped mini book a long time ago and I decided to make use of it in the way of my preserving my bluebird photos.
Please e-mail your addresses to my assistant Christen (ckrumm@litfusegroup.com)
miss daisy is in hospice care now.
.....lately I have really been thinking about buying locally grown food and how beneficial this is.....it is grown by people in our community....it is in season....good for us all. Then my brain switched to shopping local small businesses....again, good for our community. We have so many great locally owned shops....and not until I was an actual business owner did I truly appreciate how important this is.....to the owner and the feel of the community. I, personally could not live in a place where all there was for shopping was big box stores....don't get me wrong...I love Target and Costco as much as everyone else...but I LOVE locally owned boutiques and couldn't imagine a place without them.
When we finally feel better (read: no longer have a pimple the size of Texas on our darling button nose), we’ll go out in public again – go for a run or a walk on the beach, wear pants. Allow you to look at us. Eat fat-free ice cream again. And like it.
Nick offered to kill them. Which, sounds perverse but is one of the kindest things he could do for me. I knew I couldn't break their little necks. I saved one of them, she was the healthiest, which is, of course, all relative being one of the sicklies. But we've named her Spanky.
If this doesn't take us to lunch, then I will just do more reading aloud, probably from the book on animals we had been reading from when they were here in July.
He was distant to his past lovers, wife, and children (mostly his daughters).
But despite the fact that resigning from the company felt like failure to Keith, he realized that it was something that needed to be done. And once he put in his resignation he realized it was the right idea.
Love love love!
“There was an agreement with the White House at $800 billion in revenue. It’s the president who walked away from his agreement and demanded more money at the last minute,” Boehner said. “And the only way to get that extra revenue was to raise taxes.” AP, 7-22-11
There is no participation fee. Financial assistance requests for travel expenses will be considered individually. The request for the most economic travel expenses subsidization should be mentioned in the Application Form by indicating the details of transportation reservation and price.
things have been a little rough for me”
Well, for starters, he's not technically dead yet for most of the fourth movie. The opening scene may graphically depict his autopsy, but that's actually the conclusion the movie builds up to--for the whole rest of the running time, the action flashes back to take place simultaneously with and parallel to the action of the third movie. Thus, Strahm's investigation, Rigg's gauntlet, and Matthews's excruciating final moments get braided together with Jeff's game, Lynn's ordeal, and Amanda's test. It adds up to such a sprawling and complicated clusterfuck (considering that almost everyone ends up dead on the floor) that I can only regard it with slack-jawed admiration.
And give me boldness and opportunities
Five relatives, who allegedly killed the teenager during a bizarre,
I was with Luca. We had just been to the LRC, as Luca had to print out something for Sociology, and we had 5 minutes before lessons began, so we decided to walk to the Undercroft, to see people quickly before leaving for lessons. We were talking about something, the Collyers award I think, I was talking. We were walking through the courtyard, and they came towards us in the opposite direction, coming from the Duckering Hall doors I reckon, heading toward the Canteen. Luca said hi, but I took one glance at her, at them, and looked away. I couldn’t look back. My voice disappeared. I couldn’t have said hi if I had wanted to. I completely lost my trail of thought, couldn’t remember what I was going to be saying to Luca. But I just froze over. I think it is cos it took me by surprise. One thing is for sure, whether I like it or not, I am still very much in love with her :/ And I can’t have her :/ She looked so happy :/ I have hated all her previous boyfriends, and he is not the exception. I can not stand to look at him. I need to do something.
I stop without a forest near
Doctor 1: So you have a destitute mother. Her firstborn died in childbirth, her second was mentally retarded and her third lame. She is now about to give birth to a fourth. What do you do?
I mean, really. The film is like a hate mail to all boys for liking what boys like. The scene where the mother walks in to find her son masturbating, and the son leers back at mom, with increasingly vigorous motion was beyond stupid. If the gender had been swapped and a father walked in on a daughter masturbating, and she increased her handiwork, there would be cries of misogyny and sexism from every quarter of the critical circles.
Do you think I should I should charge you guys for the effort I am taking to do this, as Dick Headley does, or let it run free amongst the wolves on the internet marketplace, as Mercer Machine does?
The Hindu philosophy also offers an explanation on the power of red and white as a combination. Purushais the male principle and Prakriti is the female principle. Purusha is associated with the white of the seminal fluid, therefore male, and Prakriti is associated with the red of the menstrual blood. Like the previous Yin Yang symbol, the Purusha-Prakriti combination is believed to be of supreme significance. The union of the Hindu Gods and Goddesses are represented in caste marks of the Shiva worshippers and the Vishnu worshippers. Shiva and his consort, Parvati are represented by three horizontal white lines and a red dot. Vishnu and his consort, Lakshmi are represented by a white V mark and a red line in the centre. Most Hindu temples have red and white striped walls.
Step 2: Make a Slipknot
it's memorial day and i am at home with the kitties preparing to head into the studio. i have many projects afoot from swaps on iATC's to a moleskine journal on AFA. i am hosting 3 swaps on iATC's: monochromatic 4x4 PAT (pick-a-theme), altered photo ATC's, and antler people ATC's. all of them need work done but they aren't due until july at the earliest. the moleskine for AFA is what needs immediate attention but i must admit to being stuck. the theme is ' the enchanted garden of oddities and delights'. basically a scene of oddness. previous entries include a zombie carnival and flowers with eyeballs. needless to say i am intimidated. but it's time to get this show on the road because i have been holding on to this book for far too long!
- E-line pearls and bling
I've enlisted my teens to help me come up with gift ideas for our family and friends that won't cost a lot of money and will be fun to put together. I've also asked my teens to help talk the little kids out of their I NEED Everything I See on TV attitudes. And finally, I keeping making sure that everyone in my family remembers those less fortunate. We recently got together with friends and packed shoeboxes full of gifts for Operation Christmas Child. The kids had fun picking out toys and items that will benefit children who have nothing. And hopefully, the lesson that we don't need to spend tons of money that we don't have in order to have a nice Christmas sunk in.
You just need to focus.
Many of you, My people, have been trying to rescue things of the past that are no longer working or relevant to your life. It’s been like trying to rescue a drowning man tied to an anchor; it is not going to work, and has the possibility of taking you down as well. Don’t be afraid to let go and be released from things that represent bondage to you, says the Lord. It is time for you to be free and to celebrate liberty!
Here is what my display looked like.
Dan Roodt writes that he celebrated his birthday on May 26 by having a ‘delicious meal in a Swedish restaurant with indigenous food. The entire menu was only in Swedish without a word of English of even French. All the dishes had Swedish names – an indication that the high level of pride in their language is a routine fact, and that the language-needs of the ever-present tourist are not placed above the language-rights of the indigenous population’.
Rayanne laughed. We both thought they were being cute.
Tim Holtz Distress Ink Pad - Vintage Photo
He proceeds to sing the story of a Dallas nightclub where Lightnin’ Hopkins and Freddie King used to play that was frequented by gamblers, dealers, “young white hipsters,” and, for the after-hours parties, dancers from a nearby gentleman’s club. Hubbard meets the stripper of his dreams there. He tries to play it cool at first — he plays guitar, initially ignoring her request for “Polk Salad Annie,” until she describes how that song makes her want to rip off her clothes and dance around in her underwear.
at a social state of boddhisatva
you will realise that you love the product you have always used !
He first addressed the question, in the 1920’s, when he wrote his doctoral thesis on the issue, but his best known work was written in 1948, when he had moved to the US. For obvious reasons, at the time, he had difficulty in getting a publisher for the work, and wanted to maintain a low political profile. Other, émigré, Ukrainians had managed to get a Publisher, in Germany, but, when Rosdolsky found that this Publisher was linked to the Nazis, he obviously refused. In fact, given the nature of Marx and Engels writings, on the issue, and the experience of the very peoples – the Czechs and Slavs – at the hands of both Hitler and Stalin, in the previous period, it was mainly reactionary right-wing forces that were keen to utilise Marx and Engels writings whereas left-wing and liberal elements wanted to hush them up.
TAGS, TAGS everywhere there are TAGS! It is a trend that is here to stay. If you have not tied a string around this creative sensation then today is your day! You've been TAGGED! Tags can be used in many crafty ways. The most obvious is a tag for a gift or gift bag. However, tags are so popular you will see these used as focal points on cards, for pocket sentiments, and much much more. Check out all the wonderful TAG sets that ODBD's offers. Each set comes with a custom tag frame that coordinates with ODBD Custom Tag die!
Our other main was a Vietnamese chicken stir-fry which was pleasant enough, if a little boring. A more generous hand with the lemongrass and chilli would have perked things up a bit.
I know I will still stumble and make mistakes but returning to who I am meant to be and being able to share that with my daughter and knowing she was receiving it.. it was amazing.
This is the latest example of a corrupt criminal government, whether you are referring to provincial or national level. This is what happens when Marxist terrorists are handed a civilised country and expected to govern it.
While a painful memory, time has healed all cactus wounds. And this morning’s story on so many levels, while very sweet, (you really should go watch it) gave us a good laugh.
Frizztext’s questions:
We have a great prize for you of 3 images from Robyn Fetish Shop.
He takes his time to answer and his eyes go misty. Maybe it’s all the puffing and blowing.
Yvonne Navarro – One Among Millions
But not content with taking advantage of the Afrikaner-created wealth, the blacks began a terroristic campaign by the African National Congress that killed thousands. Where was their Gandhi? They bombed public places, mined roads killing innocent civilians and sabotaged productive infrastructure. Although the government reacted to this, most deaths were caused by black-on-black violence. A particularly barbaric murder method was approved of by the wife of Nelson Mandela — the necklacing, a summary execution carried out by forcing a rubber tire, filled with gasoline, around a victim’s chest and arms, and setting it on fire. This was used against opponents in internecine ANC warfare.
“But I can’t. I don’t know where she is.”
normalize the natural process of homeostasis throughout the body.
Happy Memorial Day to all the United States soldiers. You are truly our heroes.
“No, you’ve likely eaten of the Hallowed Bunny,” Pink Nose stated, “and therefore are impure. However, you are still useful to us in ensuring our survival. Rather than waste our ammunition against unending hordes, we placate them with… a sacrifice!”
I think the cinema bit died out when a lot them did in the late Seventies, but for the full cinema experience there was nothing like The Gaumont.
Nope.We both cover our mouths. We don’t make a sound.
While I am waiting for my new clay extruder to arrive, I am unable to progress any further with my Choc-a-Bloc mixed media project, so I have decided to start another project: to make an album (my first album!) containing my favourite paintings from the history of Western European art, from the Mediaeval age of egg tempera and gold leaf up to the modern era. My tastes are eclectic, and this will not be an exclusive work but a sample of those pictures which have affected or moved me in some way, and which have become part of what makes me tick. When the album is complete, I have no doubt that I will be filled with regrets when I discover all those other pictures that I should have included!
As I sip my Thai iced coffee there at Halcyon, I ask the bartender if he knows his basement was once a great punk rock club.
I have to stop from time to time and ask myself this to get things back in perspective. It's not what clothes you wear, the house you live in, the car you drive. The people in your life that matter won't care about any of those things. If they do they are truly not someone you need in your life. Sadly I think at some point we all have or have had people like that in our lives. What is important to me may not be important to you. Do the people around you help you up or bring you down? There are to many people out there that hurt others ... to make themselves feel better? because they are bitter? I truly don't know why I just know that those are the people I don't need in my life.
I may be overly dramatic here.
Lawlessness is becoming more prevalent in Libya since the demise of the Gaddafi regime. Rebel fighters are turning into hundreds of little Gaddafi's, instilling fear even in fellow fighters and supporters.
White Cardstock
I use torture and imprisonment.
It appealed to me because the figures look so feminine, and so reassure me that I, too, am made in the image of God.
Theres no denying the importance in social interaction and its role in helping those suffering with mental health difficulties. And thanks to the work of the people from Neighbourhood Networks and similar support groups, we can challenge the stigma attached to mental health.
The boards were painted with blackboard paint to create a chalkboard table top.
After you surf around his website, I need your help. Take a gander at the following three pages from the Marat Mychaels run on Deadpool Corps by Marvel Comics. Help me figure out what in the world is going on, then imagine how freaking cool it will be to collect this man’s orginal art by searching through random packs of Marvel trading cards!
Sunday saw the clásico del cobre take place and for Cobreloa it meant the end of the six match losing streak as they defeated Cobresal 1-0 with a goal courtesy of Sebastián Zúñiga. As for Cobresal the result sees them four points adrift at the bottom of the table. In the lead up to next week’s superclásico Colo Colo came from behind to draw 2-2 with Rangers whilst Universidad de Chile made it nine wins in a row with a 4-0 defeat of Antofagasta.
Insanity? Probably, but at least it would be a different sort of insanity than I have been experiencing recently.
Tevye, being the imaginative little fella that he is, decided that one of the headstones stated that it marked the location of a T-Rex, and that there were bones.
This story is in response to a photo prompt from Madison Woods for her Friday Fictioneers. A big thank you to her for running the show. Read below for more information shamelessly copied from her page.
so that hardened hearts might be brought to repentance and return to You, O Lord.
I woke up last night to my alarm clock crashing to the ground, since the Windy City’s kicked up its heels once again.
And a large-hearted tenderness
I would.
Up the hill: More grown up trees, forest feel, forest trails, older houses, a little more expensive
Since we are do not have a November or December hostess we have a special challenge for this month....and here it is:
ROAD TRIP
07-25 Morrison, CO – Red Rocks Amphitheater
1. Daytime T.V. is the WORST. I do like watching a few shows - mostly news in the AM and Regis & Kelly. I like to watch the Food Network otherwise, I feel like at least I am learning something and it gives me inspiration to try new things in the kitchen. This was my go-to channel while home with Eli as well. This is the one hard thing about nursing a baby you are kind of stuck on your butt for quite a bit in the first few months!
The kids really enjoyed making them, but loved eating them even more! I had to of course make them with my own students when they returned to class!
By: Bonita L. Ledzius…copyright 2007
Turns out we authors don't really need to try that hard. We just need to be ourselves. After I finally realized this, it was quite simple. I said, "Would you like to read my latest manuscript?" She said, "Yes." Wow. Should've tried that tactic earlier.
from which the seed cracked open
or plumber, more popular
Spring in a Small Town
Of course he was enthusiastic. He got to do what he’d always wanted to do – perform real magic. Only he was doing it using her body. To be honest, the thought of it kind of creeped her out, especially since there was no guarantee that it was going to work.
Just out this month is the second edition of a terrific compendium of facts, The Handy Religion Answer Book by John Renard, PhD, ($21.95, Visible Ink, softcover) that provides a world of facts about the different faiths; what people believe and how their faith profoundly influences the way they act. It provides descriptions of major beliefs and rituals worldwide. This publisher also offers "The Handy Science Answer Book ($21.95) now in its fourth edition. These books are treasuries of knowledge that will make you the smartest, best informed person in the room! For folks who like to find a lot of information in one spot, there’s International Affairs by Davis K. Thanjan ($22.95, Bookstand Publishing, Morgan Hill, CA, softcover). Nation by nation, the author has accumulated the most recent information with an emphasis of U.S. foreign policy and foreign relations. The result is a quick, short analysis of each nation’s economic and strategic importance in relationship to U.S. interests. It is a prodigious piece of research that puts the data at your fingertips and for anyone who wants to understand America’s position in the world today, it is filled with insights that would require tons of research that, happily, the author has done for you..
I will say that I do suffer,
Be a feast of lights
Ho hum. The funny thing is, once I’d taken in the shock, and ventured to stick my head back out from my hasty brace position, and then swept up the glass shards, springs, bits of wire and socket distributed scatter-gun across my floor…. I felt pretty calm again, pretty quickly.
CHECK OUT THE NEW PICS IN PHOTOS
Okay so it isn’t until I’ve written this entire post that I realized… I never posted anything yesterday! Woops! You’d think someone would remind me at some point… It’s because yesterday was a crazy busy 12-hour work day. Which is very different from the 12-hour school days I remember, where random hour breaks could be scattered. No, it was a hectic, exhausting, running-around-filled day where I had exactly one hour off between 8:00 AM and 9:00 PM.
Let me begin at the beginning, I have had this quilt for as long as I can remember.
The History Girls don't make a habit of reviewing one another's books on this site but we are making an exception today. Louisa Young can't post today for personal reasons, but there has been a spate of positive comments among us about her title My Dear, I Wanted to Tell You, recently read on Radio 4 as a Book at Bedtime, and a Richard and Judy pick for Spring. The audio version read by Dan 'Downton Abbey' Stevens, won the Galaxy Award. So we are going to post a few History Girl reviews here today, to cheer Louisa up and because we think she wrote a really good book!
06-How Long Blues
Unbound
The residents of el Araqib, who have seen their village be destroyed by Israel more than 30 times in the past 18 months, together with a coalition of Israeli and Palestinian groups, are attempting to mobilize activists, public figures, Knesset members and organizations to prevent this cynical use of trees and forestation as a means of displacing the Bedouin residents from their land. Activists are requested to be in el Araqib early on Wednesday morning to meet the JNF bulldozers together with el Araqib residents.
Then they will return with shame
I would add to that a number of single engine turboprop aircraft for forward observation and fire/air control. Then each artillery regiment should have a dedicated air defence battery, each armoured regiment an air defence troop and each infantry battalion an air defence platoon. The 4th Air Defence Regiment should be dedicated to larger Surface to Air Missiles (SAMs) with a much longer range then the ADATS. There should also be a second Air Defence Regiment added to the artillery for Western Canada. The navy should also design its new ships with air defence in mind. All equipment should be capable of a high mission tempo, low maintenance and 30+ hours of training a month. No technocratic fantasies, fads or miracle weapons.
when your name is mentioned
Step 7: Placing of hot moist pack on my hands
Winter nights we sang in tune
However, I love this stamp set used with and without the Jewellery. Here are a couple of projects featuring this stamp set and the Postage Stamp punch. I love the way you can layer the images. The colours for this card are Sahara Sand, Pink Pirouette and Soft Suede.
Thee war ended in March 1939 when Franco's forces finally captured Madrid. Why oh why international governments had not intervened earlier to help the republic side I don't know. Perversely after the Second World War after both Hitler and Mussolini were defeated, Franco was allowed to continue his totalitarian role in Spain, and for years to come his brutal force held sway and continued to destroy lives, dissent was brutally suppressed with many thousands of voices silenced , and forced into exile , untill Franco's death in 1975.
Carroll University and had a son who was Jesuit-trained at Boston
And also check out Jay announcing the tour himself in the video below.
Drain the broccoli & beans in a colander and then spread them out on a clean tea towel and leave to dry completely.
Then stuck the cloud and alien on top.
We need to consider our actions and their effect on others on a daily basis. Whether you prescribe to an organized form of religion or not, we all have one thing in common – we are human. Humans did not become the dominate species on this planet because they were the best looking (though the male peacock may differ). We have the capability of rational thought among other things. We have the ability to empathize, be compassionate and look out for our own in ways far greater than ever imagined.
Again, this is a pre-Lockbox, so a full one comes later next week. The season's first bracket is coming on Monday.
I've enjoyed a beer style called Kolsch this summer that I had been completely oblivious to. Alaskan Summer Ale is a great example, and both Mcmenamins and Roots made seasonals this summer that I couldn't resist. I'll leave it to Jeff at Beervana to explain its history, but I will testify on behalf of its lustrous gold to orange color, drinkability, and unique roundness that is thick like milk and tastes like bread and citrus.
Eh, neither. I just don't want fur all over my house, or the smell. Sorry animal lovers!
This recipe was one I was addicted to all winter long! It is so hearty and warm and comforting! I just couldn’t get enough of this stuff! This is another recipe that I adapted from one I received from the clinic I went to. You can either cook on the stove or throw it all in the crock pot and let the wonderful aroma torment you all day long! I’ve done both. This also freezes well so you can make a bunch!
This perception goes for the action as well which has a greater impact than all of the flashiness of the sequels. As soon as they came back for the second go-round, it was clear that no one knew what they were doing. There is more energy and focus in a single scene from this film than in the entirety of Reloaded or Revolutions. Here is one of the sad franchises where the sequels must be ignored so that the initial film’s enjoyment isn’t tainted by their stupidity.
spy pathetic pickles in a jar;
The sun is shining,
As he wrapped up, it became obvious why he couldn’t improvise his conclusion: “This is why I needed this page,” Rubio chuckled, before reading a quote from former British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Abuse matters. Abuse has consequences. In addition to PTSD, abuse can lead to severe attachment disorders and difficulties which persist throughout adult life. At worst, this can lead to suicide.
On the campsite trail. I come upon my first naturist camp. 3km from Poreč.
(Don't ya just love the cheesy, generic photo I added?)
"I am going to make a bird!" she would say.
Because I’m already gone.
Happy Friday Everyone!!!
Another couple details: in Finland education is compulsory until the
Today many Christians speak of a man like Barack Obama only as a “baby-killer”, even though many of his stances are incredibly gracious and charitable. He cares for the poor. He doesn’t just want welfare, though many on the right throw out words like “socialism” and “welfare state” in an act to scare people away from actually researching his stances. He wants to level the playing field so even the poorest of the poor can accomplish what suburban kids can accomplish with virtually no effort. But most Christians have no idea about this, and appear to have no concern for the social/economic apparatus which continually widens the gap between rich and poor (not to mention the fact that the rich control the entire apparatus).
6 of 6 people found the following review helpful.
John Barrowman, who worked with Sladen on Doctor Who, posted on twitter: "I loved my time on the Tardis with her. I am proud to have worked with such an icon of the sci fi world, your Dr Who family are very sad and will miss you and your beautiful smile."
Not a lie, but apparently the wrong answer. Sam grunts and James' menacing expression turns murderous. When he steps into the light and turns his dark look on Sam, I expect Sam to shove me away. I expect him to laugh and pretend he’s not the one who asked me to go for a walk. To say I’m the one who wedged myself into his side, almost kissed him, and then lied about it.
I hope that you are all reminded of God's greatness and power and love and majesty and awesomeness as we creep ever closer to Easter morning. I pray that you remember the sacrifice and the pain , as well as the love of Christ. I find myself rejoicing one moment at the gift Christ gave me but then weeping in the next because of the pain and torture he endured on my behalf, for a very forgetful, selfish sinner. He's so good and we are so unworthy. Luckily we have been bought and redeemed and no longer have to be tied down by our sin and unworthiness and faults. Hallelujah!!! We are loved more deeply than we could ever possibly understand.
When she’s not channeling her inner Cinderella, Hermione works hard to become the absolute best student in her year. She also spends time adventuring with her best friends Harry and Ron, from the dark chambers of Hogwarts castle to twisted vines of the forbidden forest. Through it all, she manages to keep her wavy locks in perfect shape.
'The American audience can be quite intense. They are a very receptive and enthusiastic audience.' Presenter Seán Rocks asked her to expand on this, wondering about the differences between audiences. Anne said: 'The Irish audience knows you and wouldn’t want to annoy you with any intensities. The Irish are
"hm, oh no. Law, I am studying for the California bar exam." He said definitively, with a nod to cinch the deal.
or we can get to know it
wounds that healed in time
Then, we all sit around and talk and eat, and keep adding in more veggies from the tray as we eat. Good times (: And, a really easy, delicious way to fill up on healthy foods!
I was asked a question recently (without divulging the identity of the questioner) regarding the quality of reception in Shetland of 518kHz NAVTEX from Cullercoats and Malin Head.
Difference: -0.8
Okay, it's that time again... Awkward quote time! Some of these you may understand, and some you most certainly will not understand. Just know, they really were quite awkward and hilarious (or in Eliza's case, adorable!)... Enjoy!
Dougie
What Les Hommes Said. . .
There were 146 floats in all and the only other float I snapped a photo of was the NBC float carrying Janelle Wang, a local news reporter. Their float was super cool, it was honoring the 75th anniversary of the Golden Gate Bridge and was complete with a flying NBC News helicopter circling above,
I think I'm finished ... I added flowers - but wanted to keep it simple ... I may or may not add more leaves ... but at this point - except for painting the edge of the canvas - I think I'm done.
And sniffled in spite of himself.
Anyone who does not like the play King Lear- King Lear might be considered by some Shakespeare purists as a “thankless child” you know “sharper even than a serpent’s tooth.” There might be some association with poison there as well— I remember when I was growing up and went against my grandmother’s advice how she would lash out at me, “I hate you like poison” which was perhaps her less elegant way of saying “how sharper than . . .”
MR BONGO RECORDINGS
Shirt- St. Patrick’s Day Shirt – A&K (marketplace)
You can comment here or in Ye Olde Barbershop ... Thanks!
Muir says a lot of things in the interview. What I don’t see is a recommendation to buy. His talking points say buying is “more attractive” now than it was last year, but there’s no call to action. None. The Sun hyped him.
Some freshly squeezed lime juice
Necklace: New York & Company
1940's straw hat-Brenda Sue's
An example that I was able to associate with the quote was the emergence of citizen news reporting. Due to the use of the internet, and new social media sites like Facebook, YouTube and Twitter, people are not relying on mainstream media outlets to report the news. People are capturing and sharing things that are important to them that a mainstream news media outlet may not find newsworthy. Therefore, news about global issues that we may not have heard about, crime, new music and movies are being shared by people all around the world without the use of mainstream journalism and reporting. A very good example of this would be how twitter was used to form a revolution in Syria and how YouTube was used to shed light on the dictator Kofi in Africa for genocide and child trafficking.
We accept broadcasts from our elites telling us what to think and how to interpret news events without question. We are encouraged to be tolerant which is to be passive and allow others to take everything off us.
2 Pkgs California Ale (White Labs #WLP001) with 3 qt stirplate starter
but crueller winds blow on me today
Dr Gilbert also called the glyphs forgeries.
Boy, am I on a roll now!
Today, King Arthur's daughter Rhianna Pendragon rides into the world of men on her first adventure. She'll be visiting several other blogs over the next few weeks, so keep your eyes open (she rides a mist horse that's prone to vanishing, so you might need to look twice). Here she is...
Stir fryed vegetable
A heavy sense of remorse and guilt began to take its toll upon her. All He had said seemed to have a familiar ring to it, like she may have heard about it or even read about it before. But if it was so important, why would she have forgotten about it? Or even worse, ignored it? WHY?
When GM Motors began to use robotic/mechanized assembly how many workers were put out of a job? When the Shipyards mechanized, how many dock workers, longshoremen and stevedores were let go? When the shipping industry was required to build double bottomed ships for eco protection, how many ships were built in America? Where is our steel industry? How many machinists, tool and dye makers, mechanics and electrical technicians are out of work or find themselves unable to find work that pays what their predecessors made?
I have been planning on getting my hair cut for some time; in fact, I’ve known that it would eventually need to be cut for a long time. You can’t be a professional with emo hair – you just can’t do it. Classy ponytail? Yes. Backwards mullet? Believe it or not: no.
Most writers have a certain scene stuck in their head when they write. I know I do. I feel compelled to write because I can see certain parts of my story so clearly. I know exactly what needs to happen before I can write the scene that I’ve thought about for weeks. Sometimes it is the beginning of the story. Sometimes it’s a random part. Sometimes it is the climax.
Released off their third (1999) self entitled album.
and that was enough."
I could go the route of being a narcissistic asshole but there are a multitude of those types around these days that have raised the trait to such a high artistic level I willingly bow at their accomplishments. Plus, I am such an easy going and laid back guy I just do not have required energy to stay constant at it.
Publisher: Guideposts (2011)
-Ok I have 2 spots left in my Anaheim Copic classes….if you are interested in either spot please email me. It will be a TON OF FUN!!! My next locations are Texas, Naples/FL & Port St. Lucie FL—go to www.cmcroad.com if you are interested. In Port St. Lucie I am debuting a NEW Class “X-treme Copic Techniques” that will take you wayyyy outside the box & have some more fun with coloring!
The retort came to Michael as we unlocked our bikes, our lessons over: They’re not square, they’re sock-shaped.
oddly enough, there will be plenty of black friday sales here in canada. alas for me, i have to work today (including student meetings and a working lunch). we may end up going out for dumplings in chinatown, but it just won't be the same.
says that his fiction always comes from something observed or experienced that then “gets loaded onto and chipped away at and artistically distorted” by his “various obsessions.” He says that “Uncle Rock” is based on an experience when he went to a baseball game at Dodger Stadium with his mother and a date and got autographs from a busload of NY Yankees, as well as a note soliciting his mother something like the one Erick gets in the story. He says he made Erick verging on mute, for “Mexican Americans are both not heard and trained to feel.” With that he said, “the story’s on.”
02 The Whores Hustle and the Hustlers Whore
David said, "I have disobeyed the LORD."
Im looking around my room right now. I’ve got a dresser, a desk, a bed, a bed-side table, weights, a Woody Allen DVD boxset, blank cds and a fan. All these things were someone’s junk. At one time they needed these things badly enough to buy them and recently they needed to get rid of them badly enough to pay for our service.
The question going forward is which candidate is truly the Front Runner and will Illinois really settle that question? (Keep in Mind that Missouri caucuses March 17th (Santorum Favored), Puerto Rico on the 18th (No Polling Data, but again, the base which supports Santorum is more populace that the rank and file Republicans, could go either way), and then Illinois (polls are tight) followed by Louisiana (Santorum). This may make the Nutmeg State of Connecticut the next Must-win State for the former MA Governor.
So... I have not been awesome at blogging lately.
If we are treated with respect, we will treat others with respect also.
Treatment
10) Get your tickets to Star Wars Celebration VI. Don’t have much time on your hands? Then plan your trip to this year’s Star Wars Celebration! You won’t feel bad about practically missing May 4 when you’re running around Orlando, FL in a Jedi robe. Really, you won’t. Get your tickets at the official website.
This time, only the eyes of her young Indian woman manifestation appeared, very distinctly, but suspended over the black velvet of the room. Her alluring eyes drifted slowly downwards toward the floor, and then morphed into the eyes of a jaguar. As they descended, they slowly disappeared.
My Thrifty decor chick shows us how to make labels out of… PAINT CHIPS! Yes that means FREE people! PLUS it means you can match your label colors EXACTLY to paint colors in your room!
As we studied more the concept of nuclear war and film/TV effects budgets increased more graphic and accurate depictions came about. Probably the most famous one is the TV film The Day After. It started off with the typical daily routines among Kansas City residents then midway through it, the world was jarringly torn asunder as the city was reduced to rubble with corpses everywhere, people succumbing to radiation and civilization collapsing.
Dear Ruby, Shaun and Summer, we see you smiling and glowing in the light. May you know that LOVE, the one universal sustaining force, is being sent to you now and always will be. May you feel it and know that love is without end. You will always be loved and you will always be remembered. Peace be with you children. We love you, The Prayer Team.
They encourage us, we’re fun:
I woke up this morning with a relatively achievable list of things I needed to get done by Sunday evening. I crossed 4 of those things off today, yet added 3 more!! I need a clone or to be able to survive with no sleep. Coffee isn’t working anymore.
Groundwater: Unlocking the Secrets to Alberta’s Most Important Resource
The Ealing Tweetup started out as a small community event early in 2009, aimed at bringing together the people of west London who regularly used Twitter. It was primarily a community event and though it has grown over the years it has retained some of that spirit, meaning that it is not dominated by media or IT people – and there is no organising committee or management making a profit from the event. Any sponsorship goes directly to improving the event – providing live music or food.
I was literally mole-ested.
However, Topical Tuesday isn't all that topical as not only have I finished writing this after midnight, therefore making it Wednesday but the snow has already melted. Perhaps Aboyne still has some? Maybe I should take a drive up there next time I feel like writing about the snow?
Taste nice if eaten with pickled green chilies and bird eye chilies.
Did you feel the love I was sending you?
The customer enters your Service Drive/Lane.
4. Extremities
Mummify, embalm, disguise the thing
Yes, there was a time in my life when I’d dress up in those platform shoes and slip on a black version of those John Travolta pants like he wore in “Saturday Night Fever,” feel that same smoothness of those disco shirts with the wide collars, unbuttoned to down just below the chest to show off the chain around my neck, and go out to the teenagers’ disco in Idaho Falls lookin’ for a good time.
Second, do you encounter them from a position of strength or weakness? Now, in some ways, plunking a human down in the age of dinosaurs is automatically a position of weakness. But there’s the possibility that the characters could go well-equipped, with all kinds of modern technology and guns and armored personnel carriers and whatnot. But in that case, you have to make the technology somehow fail, anyway…
The noun is this sentence is a friend.
I don't know if any of these science stories can compare to the fire-breathing robot dragons I talked about on Wednesday, but I still found them interesting:
Popovici joined the band in 2003 and I'd say by 2005, me, Bepstein and
It genuinely neutralizes $4, 840.
The regular day job also diminishes the frustration that our writing career throws up as we are assured that atleast we have a job and there is money in our bank account and that we are not spending time pursuing a career that’s just not taking off. Just imagine the scenario if writers were to live solely on the income provided by their writing. It would be one stressed human, tearing his or her hair out and struggling financially.
“I enjoyed working with older adults and I wanted to be part of the local Jewish community,” Ali said.
#14 Major banks in the “healthy” areas of Europe could soon see their credit ratings downgraded. For example, there are persistent rumors that Moody’s is about to downgrade the credit ratings of several major French banks.
Day four and beyond: I have since amended my Lenten sacrifice to rise at 5 am only during the week. Realistically, I need the weekends to recover. I have also found that praying first thing in the morning does not facilitate the waking up process, so I am adding a 30-minute burst on the treadmill to jolt me into action. Prayer will follow.Tried it this morning and it worked like a charm!
The latter phrase 'write about what you'd like to know' may encourage a writer to think more about what makes interesting reading and may help to stop the same old tired plot lines being re-hashed.
People are still waiting with bated breath for the release of next-generation iPhone which promises 3G, GPS, enterprise software and more. But looks like RIM will fascinate the crowds with its latest Blackberry Bold, supporting 3G networks worldwide, as well as Wi-Fi and GPS, all packaged in a sleek, elegant yet bold look! RIM (Research in Motion) has always been an industry leader in dishing out cool and powerful blackberry devices. Like Apple, it has a huge fan-following, and with this new Blackberry Bold, it has a headstart in the 3G market which could impose serious competition to the next iPhone version, supposedly being released in June.
3, Stir in the flour until well combined and stir in the rest of the ingredients until they are evenly coated.
Anyway. Just think about this-- what if one of your characters had been inside the lighthouse when the winter storm whipped the water so violently over it, and then the temperatures suddenly dropped, quick-freezing everything... your character would be trapped in there.
Anyway, I'm going to show my desks to the world and link up to Julia's WOYWW where she gets a load of us crafters to share our spaces with you - whatever that space may be! Go HERE to see what I'm talking about and perhaps join in if you feel like it.
All the genre tropes are here. Whisky, hat, cigarettes and wisecracks, all feature. There are mysterious forces at work trying to prevent Joe from reaching his goal, but he tenaciously sniffs out every lead. He’s the type of PI who takes fists to a gunfight, yet somehow stays alive. So on one level, there’s not a lot new here, but this book has a lot of levels.
Nose. What would the light smell like if the nose could feel its presence? Would it smell like dew, like freshness? Would it smell like an apple’s pristine white body? Will it smell like sin? Will it smell like discovery?
WASHINGTON – The largest solar storm in five years was due to arrive on Earth early Thursday, promising to shake the globe’s magnetic field while expanding the Northern Lights.
Every sincere peace loving Nigerian, Muslim and Christians and even animists will be right to assert that Boko Haram sect is not a creation of poverty, but a creation of a diverse evil, wicked, political interest groups pursuing selfish ends through fanning embers of Satanic hate, extremism and terrorism aimed at strangulating the government they are not a part of. This, to them is best accomplished by pursuing a common hidden religious agenda of wiping out Christians and their places of worship.
Störtebeker is a brewery I'd heard of from seeing their beers on an online retailer, and I'd been meaning to give them a try. Imagine my delight when I saw a six pack assortment in Penny Markt in Wernigerode. Why the buggery can't the Penny Markt in Munich sell stuff like this? Here's their take on a Porter, "Hanse Porter".
p.s. To me, this movie seems to be more the scheming of someone craving attention and the approbation of her tribe, than an act of social revolution. But then again, I am an ignoramus, and I know nothing about social politics. Oh one last thing, did I mention it has hot lesbians in it?
Beverly recently started dating someone, let’s call him Steve, after being single for 30 years. Beverly and Steve met at the funeral of a mutual friend. Before her friend died, Beverly was considering going into business with him. A year later, Beverly wanted to follow up on the business opportunity but needed some files to move forward. She swears that she distinctly heard her friend’s voice (from beyond the grave) say, “Call him.” And she knew exactly who “him” was – Steve.
It’s been a while since the last chapter was posted, although you’ll be pleased to know this is not due to lack of writing, but lack of time to get on the internet.
You have to get it into your system, babe: your expectations on relationships are not necessarily meeting the guy’s expectations. It is very likely to be, that when you think you two are at the stage of ‘telling the world’ about your little romance, he is still thinking whether to see you again.
boat
yeeeeeah, I've got time for blogging again! Everything's over. All the stress, all the "you have to get up early", all this being surrounded by so many people, all this hugging and screaming. Suddenly there's silence. Strange somehow, but relaxing.
Doesn’t sound too promising, Days fans.
Today was Day 1 of the Health Expo for the Portland Race for the Cure.
If you are thinking of joining our web community of over 14 members please first leave a video describing the kind of partner you are looking for. If you are not sure how to make a video or what to say please look at some examples by clicking below.
Related Articles Bernanke Blames ‘Shadow-Banking’ System for Financial Crisis; Ties It to AIG % The Week in Quotes % Saturday Tornado Outbreak Likely for Southern, Central Plains % Florida, FEMA Working on Deal to Prevent NFIP Suspension in State % Fireman’s Fund and Allianz Extend Entertainment Coverage to Canada % Previous State Auto, CinFin Report Q1 Estimated Catastrophe Losses Next Maryland Ends Notices for De Minimis Increases Related Terms E&S/Specialty 1639 Commercial 1423 health insurance 230 public relations 53 public-relations services 2 Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Offers –
You only have to look at the appalling turnout figures across the country typically between 20 and 30 percent. That is dreadful and says much for the current state of our democracy or excuse for a democracy in this country when so few people can be bothered to vote I think the time is nearly up for the major political parties out there offering you the same old crap served up with a different shade of tie on.
Who trusted God was love indeed
Nokia continues to provide a high quality and much desired product in their cell phone offerings and their 6255i flip top model does not disappoint. If you want a cell phone that is lightweight, attractive, and comes with scads of features, then this baby is for you.
Anyway, I don’t think I saw anything that truly pissed me off, but I have to admit that story-wise, it’s not so much. Effects were awesome though, really. All the action and such. I even liked Loki, but then again, Thor was so much of a muscle-head in the beginning that Loki’s craftiness made him look like the cool guy. Only the stupid idea of killing Laufey and destroying Jotunheim so he could be king of Asgard ruined that impression. And of course Thor had to go fall in love with mortal Jane in order to appreciate the realms and be made worthy of Mjolnir and finally make an awesome comeback.
Jaxon and Hayley were born at 37 weeks gestation on Nov 17, 2010 in Amberg, Germany.
Things baked – 16 – Nigella’s scrummy, if jaw-aching, breakfast bars – peanuts, cranberries, oats, coconut and condensed milk. Very definitely not a cake though. Do brioches count as a cake, I wonder? Croissants? Pain au raisins? I can see I will need to do a little research on food classifications over the coming weeks.
After your child has been playing with the pen & books for a while you can hook the pen up to your computer (it comes with a USB cable) and sign into your account on Leapfrog's website and you can see what skills your child is learning by playing with the pen/books. Sweet Pea loves to show us what the pen & book can do together and when she plays with them we can hear what she's working on and learning - she's already learning about compound words (among other things) through the Ozzie Otter book.
To black audiences, they are not racist; they are just very funny observational racial jokes.
I spoke to my parents on the phone the other day, just checking in and seeing how they are. During the phone call they had an argument, nothing big, just a crabby moment between the two of them. I can imagine the aches and pains of old joints and brittle bones can get discouraging to say the least.
it worked somehow
Some universities, like the University of Toronto, offer undergraduate engineering programs with specialized subject matter in the later years. At the University of Toronto, explains David, students in their third-year can choose a specialization in aerospace generally, studying both aeronautics and astronautics. At the graduate level students can pick a specific area of aerospace, like aeronautical aerodynamics for instance.
‘Sarg?’
Being anti-social as I am, I don’t generally mind not having friends with whom to hang out, but there are occasions when it would be nice to have people my own age to talk to or do things with. As it stands now, I get one hour a week of social interaction with someone with whom I have at least a little common ground.
1152. Tacos & Fries @ Boone Saloon (Boone, NC) 1:06 p.m.
I’ve taken the pledge to help spread the word to end the word. Won’t you join me? Click the picture below to join in.
Forest City Ratner also plans to demolish 461 and 463 Dean Street, relying on a report by their engineers, which said that the interiors had deteriorated significantly. Butler, who was not allowed to inspect the interiors, gave a preliminary assessment:
...mostly because I hurt my arm by using a pick ax to long:) Don't worry about my ankle...just a bad blister... I had some wrapping left over from one of my dogs injuries, & it did just the trick to fix me up :)
1.White Castle Slider
She's here, and she came into this world decisively. More on this when my arms are free(r).
Brush with egg wash and pop in oven for 30 minutes or until brown.
While our "leaders" will pat each other on the back and say
The weekend after was a long weekend and I played catch-up from the week before and reorganized the office closet on Monday.
(I eventually got to a point where I could study while listening to music (in fact, by the time I’d reached college, I found it hard to study without music), but, for the time being, I was unable to pull it off successfully. But I digress…)
“There’s less of criminals being hurled around and grisly body parts on show,” agrees Sharp. In researching her character, she visited Oldham Police Station. “The way detectives rub up against some of the most dreadful aspects of human behaviour and depravity but manage to retain their comradeship, integrity, warmth and sense of humour is fascinating. I find it remarkable that they are able to interview people who have perpetuated the most horrific acts while taking away any sense of judgement.”
Being from Chicago I'm used to that heat, unfortunately.
The deadline for the Children Exposed to Violence grant is June 1, 2010.
Miss
In fact my experience suggests that how think should be an “up front” consideration.
5) Jet Black Berries - Postmodern Ghosts
Tony swears by Christopher Vogler’s The Writer’s Journey (subtitled Mythic Structure for Storytellers and Screenwriters) which, taking its cue from Campbell, examines how the hero’s journey model is used in modern writing. “I use that structure in all my stories and I do a lot of stories for five to eight year olds.”
Soon enough though the girls who just want to have fun were no longer all thumbs. Neither were we shocked much by the regular occurrences inside the gay bar. Gyrating men were no longer shocking. Guests and MDs kissing and acting all touchy-feely seemed like old news as well.
Positioned as a radical and alternative investment company, ARK-Inc by Jon Ardern was a superfiction, envisaging products and services for a post-crash civilisation. ARK-Inc’s stable of products included a short-wave radio that, in event of a disaster, enabled encrypted transmission and two-way communication between other ARK members, a series of books that help mediate one’s response to disaster, and disaster tourism services that helped users adjust to the idea of a looming collapse.”
It is implied here that we must obey God rather than man when the two come in conflict (i.e. the authorities tell you to do something that is contrary to the Word of God). The passage in I Peter 2 helps explain this conversation and is in no way a contradiction. We, as Christians, are to obey authority figures when they come in line with the Word of God. The explanation is in the rest of the verse in 2:13, “who are sent by Him to punish those who do wrong and to commend those who do right”. The authorities are to confirm the Word of God and not contradict It. They are to punish evil and reward those who do well. This idea is of being submissive within the limits of the Word of God is reiterated in the husband/wife relationship and the parent/child relationship. It is found in Ephesians 6:1 written by the apostle Paul.
Thank you for stopping by...I hope you liked my card...Please stop by the rest of the DDD blogs...I am certain you will not be disappointed....I can't wait to see the rest of the wonderful creations...
Sunday: Spaghetti Squash with Marinara Sauce, Green Salad, Garlic Bread
To Peter was given the power to forgive sins but before we single out that one man let us look at Matthew 18:18,19.
He delivered a blow to the green knight that sent him stumbling to the side, without any weapons to defend himself.
I haven't really had much of a chance to post here, we have been dealing with so much lately. For me, it has been a multifaceted medical mystery, for Heather some very scary and painful visits to the ER (but also a super cool announcement of an engagement), and Eric has had some stuff going that you can read about at his blog too. We are all super busy. Always seems to be that way, huh?
Sub-zero temperatures have frozen football pitches across the UK, resulting in Burridge playing just three times so far in 2012.
I started this blog because as I was reading posts on other sites by wives of alcoholics I experienced a deeply cathartic effect. I was able to laugh at some of the more ridiculous examples of drunken behavior their husbands exhibited–many of which my own husband had done. I was able to cry at the repeated phrase “He’s such a good guy when he’s sober” because I know the heartache that comes from that Good Guy turning into the Drunk Guy. I was able to vent and provide some insight on how things have not changed for me when I posted responses. All of these things left me feeling nearly human and mostly sane again.
SOuthern accents, charm and hospitality is something I will never forget . I haven't been so happy for a very long time. I had time to relax and think. I had time to think about what is important for me and what is that I value most in this life.. And sometimes it Takes Georgia trip to make me think about important things in life...
We got a polystyrene cone, sprayed it gold and then, after it had semi-melted from the paint we stuck it in the middle. Then we got busy with some brass tacks and some ruby red mosaic tiles.
Icelandic composer Ólafur Arnalds set to release his first Hollywood film score.
That was to be expected of the visitors. Twice in recent seasons they have played a style which might be construed as expansive; twice they have been on the receiving end of Arsenal’s attacking brutality. If nothing else, those lessons have been learned and it was up to Arsenal to find new problems to tease them with. Arsène nailed the fundamental problem post-match,
In a sentence: the reason why women in bad women movies are bad is because it is what the woman audience wants. The male audience is not propping up Nicholas Sparks movies.
I am not sure if I’ll ever be able to conquer my fear of the phones but I certainly love writing letters and e-mails even to a plumber or a water line fitter than making a phone call to summon them.
We love beatitudes and platitudes, simplifying life's complexity - sayings such as you can't have it all. For those who believe such a myth, meet Mzuri Moyo, a woman who has talent, charm and great looks. Her sincere delivery was transparent to all, and every song was met with cheers and whistling.
As I ploughed through, the writings began to grow on me in a rather strange manner fitted for an oddball book.
Joyce writes with such feeling and her knowledge of the south and the era is evident in her words. My emotions ranged from laughter, to sorrow, to frustration and even anger. I followed Dinah’s journey over the course of 20 years. There was never a dull moment and I would be happy to read more. I would like to know what happens to Dinah over the next 20 years. I feel she is just getting started.
Seriously, how is that NOT fucking beautiful?
It is obvious that the design in the lobster eye presents a great difficulty for the theory of evolution. Most importantly, it exemplifies the concept of “irreducible complexity.” If even one of its features-such as the facets of the eye, which are perfect squares, the mirrored sides of each unit, or the retina layer at the back-were eliminated, the eye could never function. Therefore, it is impossible to maintain that the eye evolved step-by-step. It is scientifically unjustifiable to argue that such a perfect design as this could have come about haphazardly. It is quite clear that the lobster eye was created as a miraculous system.
~ Anonymous ~
Wine or beer are pretty much an expected accompaniment to social evening meals. I've tried to get away with not having a glass of something, and I often get met with a look of disappointment or confusion unless I tell people I can't for medical reasons. So, my liver is aging a little more quickly while I'm here just so I can keep up with the Aussie lifestyle.
6/3– 6/4
There is a corollary to the theorem as well: Writing is also mostly luck. The harder you work the luckier you get. This is known as Monteleone’s Theorem. And it too has been proved on hundreds of thousands of occasions.
I glare at her then turn my face to the TV. She’s never going to let me live this one down, I know it. I plan to call grandma as soon as I finish watching my show and eating breakfast. And maybe a snack.
“Copy that unit 913,” replied the dispatcher.
Except the Will which says to them: ‘Hold on!’
So today I had a notion to do some colouring, and not just any colouring, oh no. Watercolouring. Could this be because it hasn't stopped raining since May 2nd? Possibly.
One thing that really angers Massimo Pigliucci is when a scientist either criticizes philosophy or (in Pigliucci’s mind) practices philosophy in a “simplistic” way, particularly if said scientist doesn’t have at least one Ph.D. in philosophy. So Massimo is really peeved at Larry Krauss’s new profile/interview in The Atlantic. Some of Krauss’s statements are to Massimo as a juicy antelope is to a hungry lion. Pigliucci writes, for example:
Two Friday's ago, the sun was out and we started the evening out on Blue Stem's Patio with some delicious drinks during their happy hour:
Be very afraid . . .
Notes: Seating is extremely limited, just a few little outdoor tables, if you see and open one…grab it.
is the mark you have left on the lives of others... is beautiful, make it kind...M
I sighed. I could hear what sounded like an animal pressing its nose into its fur and snuffling, searching for fleas. I felt for my boot, flung it, and the snuffling stopped.
We finished with a dish whose provenance seemed something of a mystery to the guests. Is Sticky Date Pudding an Irish, Scottish or English dish? Is it even originally from those parts? Some figured English merely because it has the word ‘pudding’ in it and that’s just about good enough for me. The beer we matched with it and a serve of homemade banana chip ice cream certainly WAS English – though far from traditional. Wells & Young’s Banana Bread Beer worked a treat with both the pud and the ice cream and of that there was no argument.
happy
But, just like in RM there should be continuous effects. Those spite points are now bleeding, and you take that amount of damage, every round. Now, let's get on with the crits and fumbles.
Twitter for Gentlefolk, or Gentle Twitter celebrates the old concept of a postcard crossing the world and appearing solidly on your doorstep with a real handwritten message on it!
So must use hair-dryer.
Stop by and tell me to relax a little.
I sincerely and truly hope you like jazz and enjoy this song. (lyrics after the jump)
Feel the nature
03 Fade To Black
My favorite thing this week was…reading a section of “Hope Beyond Hell.” I actually started crying in the middle of a soccer field at my daughter’s practice. One of those joyful, totally overwhelmed by God’s love kind of cries. It was a precious moment.
Claire sounds a little whiny and self-absorbed from my description, but I really felt for her. As a child she was cast aside by her father, left to be raised by her brokenhearted mom while her dad pursued his art. As a mother, she is again cast aside by her daughter as she seeks her art. And yet Claire feels certain that she, too, has a piece of genius that needs to be recognized. I really enjoyed this book, even though I can't fathom the kind of money that Claire and her family have. They're always flying places and live in a beach house in southern California. But it was a great vacation read.
In the space of a minute the entire class knew what the note said, except me - though I could guess. This is when one student stage-sneakily made her way to the bin and brought me a piece of the offending paper. Then as she was handing it to me she stage whispered that --- had asked ---- to go-out with her. To which the note-writer yelped, "It was a dare!"
Mr. Shevdon’s expertise in martial arts rings through with the sets of swordplay and developing the concept of other realms in the void beyond our known existence. Books 3 and 4 of the series are being published by Angry Robot Books, of which I look forward to reading.
I decided to adopt a charity which represented the poorest of the poor.
And because the characters are written real, the relationships and fractures between them are delivered with the gravitas, humour and unpredictability of real life.
Gregory: interesting perspective
But I was so excited to have found such a blog!
So even when she’s singing contemporary material, she sounds out-of-date. And yet, early in her career, she owned her outsider, nerdiness and she was charming and funny. The problem is that once she got famous, she seemed to bristle at the kook and wanted to reinvent herself as a star. She had no trouble, from the 70s up until now, she capped one career high after another: hit records, smash concerts and popular movies. But she slowly traded in one aspect of uncool for another. Before, she was uncool, in the same way of that kid who wears a top hat or carries a brief case to school; or the kind of uncool where a girl can perfectly play an accordion or tuba; or the tween who rushes through a history museum, breathless in excitement at seeing King Tut’s tomb.
These pages show the exploration of a variety of mediums in these pages. My work is relatively small scale (these pages are from an A5 sketch/notepad). Although bic/biro pens are fantastic due to their ability to show tonal variation and allow for construction lines, the preffered medium is usually fine liner pens. Easy to use and a variety of nibs, though the pens used here didn’t survive that long to really explore their full potential. Watercolour is a relatively new medium to myself, yet the effects they give work fantastically. Relatively scratchy pieces get form from the loose colours applied over the top of the line work.
Did you catch them? “Breathed” is our said-tag and “admiringly” is our adverb. And--guess what--they are both incorrect! If a good agent or editor saw this, they’d probably toss your manuscript in the junk pile. Why? Read on and I’ll explain.
Sticking to a healthy New Year's resolution has suddenly been made much easier with this bumper give-away. The first of the year.
Lunch dates with my rad mates.
In the interval since, I have not heard from anyone involved in organizing this event, nor did I ever agree to attend. In fact, the greater my inability to obtain any reliable information about the event, the more I was certain I would not travel to Denmark.
2 tablets of advil/every 4 hours: “i’ll never drink this much again”
Free State uses Amarillo hops and some dark roasted malts. I found it rather grassy, herbal, and astringent, and maybe it's just me, but it tasted a lot like nearby Boulevard Brewing's Single Wide
Son: "What's wrong with Father? He's acting a bit unusual today."
I mean Lear has it all: loyalty, betrayal, vengeance, redemption, love, lust, hate-even comic relief. Shakespeare is life-from all sides and angles— it runs the gamut of every human emotion. Even if you are dozing off at some long difficult monologue, something will suddenly jolt you into the shock of recognition- something that has connected us in some ineffable way to every human whoever lived and will live. Shakespeare isn’t just the moment or the three hours until your parking runs out it is for now and forever.
05 The Evolution Control Committee - Prick
Here's the basics to the seven point system:
Poured over all the small things at the Brooklyn Flea, and left with a huge impractical red suitcase. Bumped everyone in the legs with it.
A smile is the oil that runs through your soul
So, a wishlist.
H: Although we get to hear a little more about the Brennan family, the Zacharovs remain our primary connection to the world of organized crime in these books.
Now using Occam's Razor, let's ask ourselves, "is it more likely that condensed air pressure caused the glass to shatter or is it more likely that a group of people were able to booby trap a complete building without being detected and then have the building collaps in perfect synchrony to coincide with the location of the airplane crash?
The only consolation is that the temperature is much cooler now. The last few weeks were so hot that I thought I could just keep a pan of batter in the kitchen and it would get baked by itself!!!
This month's Daring Baker's Challenge was presented by Lauren of Celiac Teen. She choose to make Nanaimo bars which are a speciality of Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada. The challenge was also chosen to shed light on to B.C. for this year's Winter Olympics. Pretty appropriate don't you think?
