Kaitlyn and Mackenzie each had class parties as well. That night I decided to serve them a candlelight ravioli dinner. I think it really made them feel special. And I think I should do it every night - no one got up and everyone sat still in their seat!
Then she, confronted with the writing there,
In 1948 Stafford and Gordon MacRae had a million-seller with their version of “Say Something Sweet to Your Sweetheart” and in 1949 repeated their success with “My Happiness”.
May our prayer be that we see the world as God sees it, so that we don’t become so obsessed with ourselves, and to enact His will, His Kingdom.
Take it off the heat and add the cream and salt/pepper.
The prophet Eli was raising up Samuel and I was left with the impression that he was doing a good job with Samuel but not his sons. God got tired of him allowing this sin to continue and told him so. Then when God addressed Eli He made it clear that the house of Eli was coming down and yet it took 3 more generations until it happened.
To have to then surrender the child to a different place on earth.
She was visiting Christchurch when the earthquake struck last week.
PAS MP for Shah Alam Khalid Samad has been reported as assuring such police brutality would not be tolerated if Pakatan came to power. If that is so, Malaysian must ensure they vote for Pakatan to safeguard their own lives.
“Yeah, it’s that light. But if you don’t see it, then it’s not your time yet.”
Anyone work with them before?
I chose to work with this colorful LOVE image provided by Melissa Bickford. I love the font she chose and the postage stamp look! I printed the image on SS White cardstock, ran it through my Big Shot with the Linen Impression Plate, and sewed one lone Raspberry Fizz button with twine from the Twinery. Easy Peasy!
2 Corinthians 12:9-10 (NIV) says “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness." Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ's power may rest on me. That is why, for Christ's sake, I delight in weaknesses, in insults, in hardships, in persecutions, in difficulties. For when I am weak, then I am strong.” Some of my greatest blessings have come when I have been the most rundown, because I gave it all to God and relied on Him not me.
At one point, alot of my time was just spent fighting our doctors to hear our concerns, to call us back, to come up with effective ways to help Bennett.
I'm planning to make a couple more springy animals-a sheep, frog, and duck, and I'm going to put them in my toddler's Easter basket. I'll post patterns for any that turn out well so you can try them too!
Do not think about the deficit tonight
We went for a drive to see how things were,and how far the water had risen.
Enough for 3-4 250ml jars
Normally, as evidenced by the travels documented in this blog, I prefer to explore, discover, and generally fend for myself on my adventures. We opted this time for exactly the opposite - an all-inclusive stay at the Decameron San Luis. I may have been converted in the ways of vacation travel.
Verdict: The entertaining second half and the hit music save Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya and make it a plus fare for Tips and UTV. However, a few of the distributors who have acquired territorial distribution rights at fancy prices will not be able to make money.…..Read Full Review
Start by focusing on one rule at a time and once you understand some of these basic rules of composition, then use a few of the rules together and see how more powerful and effective your image can be and help create depth. Before you realize it, you will use these rules naturally when composing your image in the viewfinder. Always remember to take as many photos of your subject as possible with different angles and placement so you can look at them later to see how placement can be more effective. In the beginning, stick with learning the rules before you become really creative and rebellious and break those rules to show your point of view, just be patient.
What about you? Is fear rational or is it holding you back?
What about you? Do you want your writing to be your living? Do you like the word foci?
As Ieuan Bugg, crime reporter for the Builth Bugle, put it to me just now in a garbled phone call from somewhere in darkest Powys (power failure),"This one is not over yet; Malik has the potential to bring down the whole house of cards that is the third sector, a racket that has been operated, funded and protected for years by Labour cronyism". Ieuan is rarely wrong.
fennel seeds 1/4tsp
Mr Klein states, “Panetta’s oceans initiative was a key partner of an organization that promotes world government, Citizens for Global Solutions. Also, the group’s parent organization, the World Federalist Movement, promotes democratized global institutions with plenary constitutional power AND is the coordinator and member of Responsibility to Protect, the controversial United Nations military doctrine used by Obama as the main justification for U.S. and international airstrikes against Libya.”
Mahathir said this in reference to the controversial “Melayu Bangkit” rally, which was scheduled to be held yesterday but was postponed following strong objections from both sides of the political divide.
Boat Quest 4: The Final Two Items
Well what was it then?
Prediction 3: The American public will grow ever more distrustful of the way science is presented to them by the do-gooders and media, which in turn will lead do-gooders and the media to demean the intelligence of the American public.
Interested? Then spread the word and let’s get writing…
3:1-2 – Theophylact describes the kingdom of heaven as “the first and second comings of Christ, and also the virtuous life. For when we walk on earth as if we lived in heaven, not living according to the passions, then we possess the kingdom of heaven.” On this matter, evangelicals will strongly agree with the first clause but take issue with the second. I wonder whether even Theophylact is taking liberties on this portion, as even a doctrine of theosis does not necessarily identify that living itself as the kingdom, but the manifestation of the kingdom. Theophylact’s commentary seems to come from a Greek tradition that traces its argumentative lineage to Socrates.
And a sound of water that gushes,
The Devil & Daniel Webster
And I am still not quite finished with prizes, because as this is a special month for us, this months Top 3 challenge entrants will also receive a little prize rather like this which I have put together...........
~Maybelline one by one mascara
Paul reversed this argument in Galatians: can a Gentile be a member of the people of God and allow himself to be circumcised? Can a Gentile be “free in Christ” and keep the Jewish laws concerning food, festivals, etc.? The answer in Galatians is a resounding no.
November, and my brother's visit, was looming. I'd booked three tickets for us on the Chunnel for a day trip to London. I had visions of being stopped at the border and not allowed back into France. I drank more wine. And shot some heroin.
﻿In this second one I created the yellow background by ink blending, stamping and masking but I didn't add the glossy coat. The image is a real sweetie and I love using her. I coloured her with distress inks and added some stickles to the 'sand' so that it sparkles.
Hear Me Out… is a new feature where I will bring you artists worthy of a listen and at the very leats hear them out on the selected songs.
NOTE: Wayne Allyn Root can easily be verified. He graduated valedictorian from his high school, Thornton-Donovan School , then graduated from Columbia University in 1983 as a Political Science major in the same '83 class in which Barack Hussein Obama states he was.
The Blues Astronauts - No Sanctuary
Dandelion Taraxicum officinale (Daisy Family)
Jerry Jumonville - alto saxophone
As per usual, the floor was covered in all kind of football paraphernalia – boots, medical equipment, water bottles, but mostly our team kit, which spewed in all directions out of a black holdall. Ben Rowe surveyed the wreckage for electrical tape. His hands glided in and along it like Han Solo looking for Luke Skywalker beneath the wee and poo of the Death Star's garbage unit. He cannot rest until he's wrapped the tape around his socks to hold his shin pads in place, but he couldn't find any, and he was letting everyone know about it, which, in that cramped changing room, was getting a bit much for me; maybe, subconsciously, that's why I let him have it.
These brain patterns have been linked to impulsive violence, but Meyer-Lindenberg cautions in his paper, ” …because our sample was psychiatrically normal, the variation observed is clearly compatible with normal mental health and does not imply or suggest increased risk for violence in our sample.”
4. When you get in a rut, break it right away. Okay, so yeah, it was hysterical seeing the crazed big man stuck in the passenger window of his car, fighting to keep the tow truck driver from pulling away. But, yo. As I procrastinated into the third episode of Miami Towing? Take a hint. Break the trance. Go for a run. Go to that movie with the boys. Do anything — but don’t let the procrastination take over.
I really wanted to, but by the time I decided it was too late so I just went ahead and went to work.
"I'm very pleased to announce that my agent, Caitlin Blasdell of Liza Dawson Associates, has negotiated a new deal with Ace, an imprint of Penguin Group (USA), for three books to be published in North America in 2012—2014. (This follows next year's forthcoming title, "Rule 34", which is due out in July.)
Paula isn't that much older than me, but apparently it runs in her family. It found her mother at a young age as well. Alison told me where Paula was, and there was no question that I was going to go visit her. But truthfully, the idea of seeing her without her really being there scared me.
And let me tell you, hormones do not help this whole thing out.
I slowed to do a double take. How could she still be here? It had been hours since I’d passed her, and it was almost 11:00 at night. The baby was wailing on her hip, poor tired thing. She was screaming into her cell phone, pacing, crying, while onlookers withdrew and whispered. In her cart was a new car seat wrapped in plastic. It was one thing to see an irate woman; another to see one so obviously desperate and struggling with a baby. Her distended stretch-marked belly hung over her jeans and drew my heart like a shield; the wounds of her birth were fresh and no one was protecting her, no one caring for her. I found myself staring at these bystanders, at their complete apathy and judgment, their pale unmoved faces like sacks of flesh in the sallow light, and suddenly it was just a microcosm of the entire earth, of humans who pick their teeth in amusement while a woman slides down the edge of a knife.
What can you tell people that will enlighten their lives? You don't have to be a dynamo, but you must appeal emotionally, logically or both. Your message must be both informative and entertaining. Don't think of it as a 'speech' - you are talking WITH your audience.
This morning Khubz is flipping through the notebook (her tinkerbell notebook--how appropriate is that?) and finds my scrawl. "what is that?" she asks.
Yuma County – Colorado River – Site of former Japanese detention camp (near proving grounds). This site was completely removed in 1990 according to some reports.
Is there another sports team you would like to have? I would love to make it for you. It will take me 2-3 weeks to get the patches for the pillowcase dress, so let me know ASAP. For the tie shirts, I will try to get the fabric online, or you can obtain the fabric for me.
A little boy shot his hand high up in the air and exclaimed, "Mine!"
"They've heard the tale of my daring escape from the ravening hordes of the Formori through the power of music."
Echo Park's Winter Park
Four years later Grayson returns and is changed. He is not the once carefree lover. He wants his wife in every way and will see too it. No other women would do. Lady Grayson has been with several men since her husbands depart. It hurt her but she found comfort but never love. Lady Grayson would never love again and to do that she kept her lovers distant from her heart. But now her husband who came back will be her threat. He will now be the one that could knock down that barrier.
Anyway, before all that, I saw this Columbia doll at Hot Topic. I was probably a high school sophomore at the time. I spent more time at Hot Topic as a high schooler than I would care to admit; it was the only place I would buy clothes, other than the thrift store.
"No" she answered without hesitation.
So we’ve come this far. I’ve gone through 9 of the top 10 cards so far, and you’re now here to read about the winner. The number one card that I think will be the most significant (for Standard). Before I move on to the card, let’s do a quick recap of the first nine.
Environmental Health Directorate, Health Protection Branch, Health and Welfare. The pregnant worker – A resource document for health professionals. Ottawa, Canada, 1987.
He taught that trials and afflictions come for two reasons; because of our choices and just because they come. We don't get to tell people that everything will be easy, and simple, and it will all work out according to plans because that isn't the case. Instead, we are to teach that we make covenants; promises with our Heavenly Father and He remembers them. Instead of promising things we hope will come to pass, we are to teach things that are true.
It's official. I have a real, live boyfriend. He is sweet and funny and wonderful... and leaving in a couple of weeks to spend the holidays with his parents in Argentina. I plan on making the most of our time together before his trip. It's nice having a hand to hold... and all the other good bits that make being half of a couple so much fun.
Under different circumstances (where I’ve not just consumed what seemed like my entire body weight’s worth of sushi), I would have savoured the Chestnut Pudding with Azuki Beans, chopped chestnuts and (more) gold leaf. In this instance I surrendered after a couple of spoonfuls (I did however drain the bowl of matcha that came with).
I woke up and was flooded with sadness. I stared into the dark, quiet room, my husband softly breathing next to me. I counted my heartbeats, trying to lull myself back to sleep. But my mind went backwards, retracing the vividness of the dream. My body tensed. "It wasn't real," I told myself. "Relax."
Stamp - Hero Arts On the Go Bike, PTI Birthday Basics
I also had pizza twice today-go me, heheh. For lunch I made it using a whole wheat crust we picked up from the bakery, tons of homemade tomato sauce, 2 tbsp cheese (for the whole thing) and tons of delicious veggies. Dinner I got a veggie patch pizza from Applebees-not healthy I know but I did get it with half the cheese and had them pile on the veggies (then I only ate half). I also splurged and had a skinny bee mojito-delicious but drinking is not really apart of my diet plan. I tend to go to Applebees often on Tuesday nights because it is karaoke night! We have a blast singing our little hearts out (and by we I mean my friend CC and I).
Ex-Headmistress Katharine Birbalsingh is the educational Pin-up girl of the Conservative Party, yet despite her good intentions she simply has no idea how to educate children. The following quotes are taken from her blogsite at the Telegraph, and tell a tale of how not to educate children:
I just wanted to take a moment to say thanks to all of you that took the time to send me a happy bday msg. Even those that thought “oh today’s Chad’s bday” I appreciate the thought. Some people may want things and stuff for their bday but for me to be alive for another year is just enough gift for me and to be able to share it with my family and friends, the ones I love and care for is just enough for me. I’m not trying to sound like I’m so much all that cause I ain’t but that’s just how I am. I’ve lost many friends and family that isn’t here anymore and you cherish things that are more important than a bunch of gifts or big parties. I cherish the people that’s in my life that I’m connected to. Thank u all again for the bday love. I really appreciate it
This morning she got the results and they were great. Her doctor called her today and said the results were “spectacular.” The tumor in her lymph node is almost gone, the tumor in her liver is gone, and the fluid in her lungs (which was making it hard for her to walk or talk before she began chemo) is almost gone!
In addition, the road to self-acceptance and understanding can be a difficult and even bewildering experience for many transgendered individuals. Unfortunately, not every counselor who claims to work with the transgendered population actually provides help, making it necessary to know what to look for when choosing a therapist.
And until we meet again,
This digi is an awesome one to purchase from Squigglefly, make yourself up a birthday tag or card and enter it in this week's challenge! Perhaps win yourself another digi! WOO HOO!!!!!!! BZZZZZZZZZZ!
to this whirl,
It looks white in these pictures, but trust me when I say it's very blue. I'm a actually little worried that it will be *too* blue when it fully cures.... but I'll cross that bridge when I get to it.
Jesus answered that the greatest commandment over all is to love the Lord your God, with your WHOLE heart, soul, mind and strength. In other words, we must love God with our COMPLETE heart; with a heart of integrity. Do you/I? A heart of integrity is one that is not only COMPLETE in its allegiance to God, but one that has been CLEANED by Jesus Christ. The cleaning of our heart comes when we believe in him and repent of our wicked ways with a CONTRITE heart, for that is one that God will not despise.
The BBC report makes more sense to me. Whistleblowing dismissals also have no cap on compensation, so Dr Drew will potentially recover his full losses if he succeeds in showing that the principal reason for his dismissal was that he made a protected disclosure.
I'm a believer that God's timing can be the make it or break it part of the story. He has His own timing, that I for one, always have trouble with. Call me stubborn, thick headed...whatever...I usually cannot see that His timing is "perfect" until it's in my rear view mirror. Good grief, I've been struggling with my weight for the last 10 years; ever since those pesky heart attacks. Up and down, happy and encouraged; then defeated by medication and a box of Russell Stover chocolates. I'm sure God became a little annoyed at my daily prayer of "please help me lose this weight".
Not that Stuyvesant cigarette executives turned their backs to the promotional opportunities provided by the fight for freedom and human rights. In 1989, employees in 'Come Together' shirts distributed Peter Stuyvesant cigarettes to East Berliners on their way to the vote in the election that would unite the former Soviet sector with West Berlin.
Garden of Gethsemane: The location where Jesus suffered for our sins. However, we don’t wear a garden around our necks to honor the atonement because it would be too heavy.
He tells me later that he threw something away like it is no big deal.
This doesn’t quite get gig of the year so far, but not because of them; Band on the Wall is a fine little venue, but the audience doesn’t generate the warmth of The Civil Wars gig last month, and there are some bad mannered folk who think Bacalhau moving offstage to allow the band to perform an instrumental is some kind of intermission during which they can chat. Deolinda themselves are joyous; afterwards, Ze Pedro tells me that they are playing WOMAD in July. Just for them, I may put aside my natural aversion to festival toilets and go: I’ve just got a new tent and sleeping bag, so why not?
I took the Nappy bag (and the babies) out for Coffee at a friends condo. No pram today, I usually bash one child with my bag as it slips off my shoulder. Not today, I pop the Skip Hop Duo Nappy bag across my body as a messenger style bag, Kate by one hand and Stella on my other arm in the Maxi-cosi. It was the quickest Taxi exit by us in history.
5. Finally, roll the aluminum foil into a tightly packed log about 1" to 2" in diameter, sealing on both ends. Repeat with the remaining pork mixture.
331
- Chickpea salad, with special spice mix
Certainly after 8 months in office he has done nothing to warrant the award as yet.
The UK full coalition agreement between the Conservatives and Liberal Democrat parties has just been published. It includes a section on civil liberties which is much more than we could have hoped for and which makes no mention of rolling back the Human Rights Act or the more ludicrous fringe Conservative demands… In full it is as follows:
British readers will know what a bank holiday is – it’s the same as a public holiday elsewhere, but in Britain it became known as a bank holiday simply because it’s a day when the banks weren’t open for business.
And growth never really stops! Since starting the Quilt Along in January, I've learned LOADS about free motion quilting by quilting on a larger scale. You're not the only one learning new skills here - I am too!
The Faerie River appears at times of moderate to heavy rainfall. It rises rapidly and unexpectedly, and traditionally catches out late-night returnees from the pub. On this occasion it was Hnaef and Burton, together with the members of the Soc Media Pastoral weekend. They were walking across the drive past where the path forks off to Cross Horse House, when they suddenly realised they were paddling through a couple of feet of water.
curiouslee: Enabling TurtleArt project upload capability was start to developing an online community for TurtleArt.
The new reach for hegemony
and speaking of marriage, i read the book "love and war" by john and stasi eldredge a few weeks ago. i've been trying so hard to figure out how i want to describe what it has done for my life and our marriage but i still have no answer.
· Bachelor’s degree in business, finance, computer science or applied mathematics and sciences or the equivalent in education and experience preferred.
Edit: I’m staying on the Met until we see a heartbeat. Apparently it is widely widely used in countries such as South Africa, with no evidence of harm. And there is some evidence to suggest that it does help prevent MC. He wouldn’t go a far as to recommend taking it, but I didn’t get the impression he thought it was a bad idea.
Managers often ask us, What’s the difference between managing and coaching? The short answer is intention. To be a good coach, a manager needs to see him or herself as a person who helps develop the potential of others. We do this when we practice the following coaching skills:
There are different approaches to transmedia. Most people take a single story and reproduce it on various platforms. My philosophy has been to make each element - ARG, app, web, book - a thing unto itself, each revealing some aspect of the world of BZRK. I've been fascinated with this is as a new way to tell stories. The book remains central, but now I can reach beyond the book and create a much more complete world. I can tell stories that enhance the book, and stories that parallel the book, and stories that are offshoots of backstory. I guess the answer to "why" is "because it's fun."
2. Taste one of the cucumber pieces, if needed do a quick rinse of the cucumbers. *Only do this if it is too sweet to too salty.*
That surprised me.
While we’re going to emphasize waist over weight in this blog, we also know that many of you won’t be able to resist the siren of the scale. When it comes to actual weight, you do need to stop thinking about one specific number. (“I want to get down to one hundred thirty.”) All of us have an ideal playing weight—not a weight for running marathons or making All Pro linebacker or posing for an airbrushed-anyway centerfold. This ideal playing weight is a range in which you live lean and healthy, and one in which you significantly reduce the risks of aging diseases associated with being overweight.
What could be more joyous than joining in with your fellow humans and singing a beautiful, uplifting song? “He who sings well prays twice,” said St. Augustine.
The following verse is a rare Johannine reference to the parousia – the coming of Christ on Judgement Day. Also called Second Advent, Second Coming.
“Advice Column”
I ran out of the yellow filling after 12 cupcakes so for the remaining cupcakes, I just filled them with the white filling using a long Bismark tip 230. I just smooched in filling until the cupcake was bulging and some was coming up. I then covered that up with the ganache. Lastly, I used a star tip to pipe some orange frosting. The frosting wasn't cold enough when I piped it, so it collapsed under the candy corn. These were pretty simple and still quite yummy too.
Scot Meacham Wood is a fellow designer/blogger with whom I have established a great rapport. His blog, The Adventures of TartanScot, features all of the images, events and design tidbits that inspire him as an Interior Designer/Stylist.
We have the loss – the dead in Christ have the gain! With Paul we can say of them – to live is Christ, to die is gain. They have eternal life!
So... yes, our choices are limited when it comes to voting for a candidate. However, there are tons of issues on the ballot that need to be voted for or against as well! So often we overlook the propositions for tax changes, library funding, job creation, even street construction because we're so focused on choosing between a Giant Douche and a Turd Sandwich...
Whatever God is, it’s not Santa Claus. And access doesn’t depend on whether we’ve been naughty or nice; it just depends on remembering to ask.
Lo, this kind of preaching will strike the Christians and find them out, and there will be Christians who will accept it and act according to it; it matters not if you do not know who they are. The tyrants and bishops may also be exhorted to desist from their raging and persecution against the Word of God and not to hinder our prayer; but if they do not desist, we must not cease to pray, but keep on, and take the chance that they will have the benefit of our prayer and be preserved along with us, or that we shall pay for their raging and be ruined along with them. They are so perverse and blind that if God gave good fortune against the Turk, they would ascribe it to their holiness and merit and boast of it against us. On the other hand, if things turned out badly, they would ascribe it to no one but us, and lay the blame on us, disregarding the shameful, openly sinful, and wicked life, which they not only lead, but defend; for they cannot teach rightly a single point about the way to pray, and they are worse than the Turks. Ah, well. We must leave that to God’s judgment!
I cut some shrubs and… a gaping hole was left! Luckily I got the idea it would be the perfect place for my Laurestine that had spent the winter on my living room balcony…
This had the potential to be a great book. Prophecies, magic powers, mermaids, selkies, a missing mom -- it has all the elements for a story that could be really cool. I think the mythology was well done, and I enjoyed reading about the ocean world versus the world we all live in, but for much of this novel, I was simply annoyed and frustrated.
It's fun to try and visualize
In saying that as much as I have loved all tge extra cuddles and they really have been beautiful, I am just a complete emotional, drained mummy at he momment who is feeling completely out of control.
It is possible that I am just weary of a continual push for the “new”, or that as I get older my taste is becoming more and more conservative, less open, moribund. I find myself thinking about concepts like “quality”, “depth”, “emotion”, “clarity”, terms that would have made me shudder a few years ago.
Due to the moneylender’s trap (you borrow money at a very high interest rate and are not able to pay back even the interest as your crop is poor because of the drought), the farmers are committing suicides, selling their land, cattle and even their wives. One problem is that the soil here retains very little water unlike the black soil in other regions of Madhya Pradesh. If it does not rain at the right time with the right consistency, the drought-related distress affects the next year’s Rabi crop as well.
He doesn't base His love for you on any of those things.
There's a better way to eat. And I'm still struggling to find it.
I understand in America that many things are simplified and modified under guise of accessible to a wider audience. I can never forget my disgust in picking up a Bible and reading it, and watching Johnathon and David solemnly shake hands, vs the weeping and hugging and far more emotive expressions of friendship, joy, relief and more. It struck me as gender policing and homophobic and completely erasing the historical context (such as it is after hundreds of years and myriad scribing) and also the cultural context.
Towards the end of my first year, when I was still at university, the band played live. I didn’t see them. Then I saw a great review for their first album, a great deal on price, and bought it. I realised my mistake. Thankfully I have seen them live since. I’ve bought every album since (including the welsh one). Their second album “Radiator” reminds me so much of university, and I like it so much that it is in my all time top ten album list. It is fabulous.
Finally, can I thank everyone who has followed this little experiment of ours, your comments have been an integral part of the process in the very best traditions of Blogging. And can I particularly thank Jennyfreckles - the Salt to my pepper, the Wise to my Morecambe. If Jenny agrees, I would like to suggest that we repeat the experiment next year and indeed make this an annual experiment which, along with the buildings of Thornton, will last the torrents of time.
Right away, Christian is insulting his team and talking about how he’s going to have to carry them. Then when Gordon is ready to start calling out orders, no one is in the Red Team’s kitchen. Suzy and Ben get chewed out over it, of course, but where was Christian? On the other side of the kitchen, the Blue Team is ready to go.
Abundant sunshine, fruit, vegetables; we need little else...Just enjoying being out in the garden making the most of it.
When I hear people accused of being wolves these days, usually it’s because they’re soft on sin, lax on the law. People who won’t teach good biblical principles, something like that. What does Paul mean?
"We are now seeing how casually the variable fees system can be distorted with such damaging effects. It is in these circumstances that there is a strong case for a graduate tax, which may offer a fairer way of sharing costs between individuals and government.
“The place where they are seen is one of heavy transit” of river cargo and tourist passage, and so the potential for more violent encounters remains high, Soria said.
In a Better World, apart from the accolades mentioned above, also won the Grand jury award at the Rome International Film Festival, the Thessaloniki film festival's audience award, Best male actor for Mikael Presbrandt at the Tallinn Tarta Black Nights festival, Best Director and Best Screenplay at the Sevilla Film festival.
As it is, she sleeps on her office floor on the days she has to be in Iowa City, riding the Greyhound bus in from Des Moines. She helps support her mother with the approximately $16,000 she earns as a teaching assistant. But she is in danger of dropping out before getting her doctorate because she has hit her limit on loans, and most likely won’t be able to get a teaching assistant position next year because of cuts in undergraduate programs.
Dad and Mom didn’t think it was all that difficult. “We’ll come to you the weekend before”. Problem solved. T. also didn’t see the problem. ‘it doesn’t matter what we do. “
Some of you are probably thinking "Set aside 5 percent of my paycheck? I can't do that!" But every dollar you earn goes somewhere, right? And you have to eat! So let's go back to one of the points above: Organizations and governments that are bankrupt can't take care of you. They can't take care of you because they're broke!
I have new subscribers! *waves* Do you know what this means? It’s not just friends I know anymore! Does that mean I have to start watching what I say? Bah, I never do anyways.
ROSELINA, Batu Caves, Selangor.
Possibly even the words I'd waited for............
We have travelled about 900 k overnight. A dawn I look out the train window for a complete change of scenery.We are now passing through the Thar Desert. We have a 20 minute stop at a remote railway station to stretch our legs and a cup of chai.
1kg (2lb) boneless skinless chicken breasts
Here is a sneek peak at one of the finished 24th Street Station paintings. All four of these are the same size 8"x 8"x1.5" deep.
When I was in London for a few days last summer, another place on my list was The National Portrait Gallery. Since pictures are not allowed inside, I'll share a few shots that I took along my walk there from the Temple Church.
Him: hmmmm...sigh....geeeeze, lemme see...it's a small place so we fill up fast!
Chigodora a became sick and he died In the year 1930.
In 1138, the not so bright Polish king Bolesław III Wrymouth left Poland divided up into principalities. Władysław was born in 1260, inherited some land and through a little good fortune inherited some more and in 1304, decided to take upon the arduous task of re-uniting Poland. To do so he would need to fight a few Germans, please some nobles and twist the arm of the pope. However by 1320, Władysław had returned Poland to the point in left off in 1138 and left the basis and foundations for future Kings to build Poland into one of the greatest European empires.
15 own
is a safeguarded hope-
Gather the people together, men and women and little ones, and the stranger who is within the gates, that they may hear and that they may learn to fear the LORD thy God and carefully observe all the words of this law, and that their children, who have not known it, may hear and learn to fear the LORD your God as long as you live in the land which you cross the Jordan to possess.
Nobody knows how we got to
Islam is cancer.
Finding Your G-Spot The easiest way to locate your G-spot is by leaning or lying back while you insert a finger into your vagina. Your finger should be shaped like a hook, almost as if you are gesturing someone to come closer. If you feel around one or two inches in from the top of your vagina, you should find a spongy bump that feels different from the rest of the vaginal tissue.
Ted leaves to make tea and we all exchange looks,
- Finally, Franklin doesn't exist in a vacuum - Washington and Classon to the west are blowing up just as fast (if you're looking for a symbol of gentrification, look no further than the Kinky Krown cocktail at the Bearded Lady - in the former Kinky Krowns salon spot - on Washington), and to the east, Nostrand has witnessed a spate of openings in the past year that range from high-end to light-industrial (NoBar, an auto body shop, and many more - Nostrand Park, I'd love to see your list for your Avenue!). In last week's openings post, some folks were discussing these issues, so to close, I'll pose some of the same questions they ask: What are your takeaways from the rapid development of northwest Crown Heights, and how does Franklin figure in the larger picture, as compared to Washington/Classon/Rodgers/Bedford/Nostrand)? How about Franklin south of Eastern Parkway (where the past year has seen the opening of a MetroPCS and Roti 'n Dumplings, a series of storefront renovations, and the promise of another Bob & Betty's?)? What do these changes mean, practically, for you and for the neighborhood at large? Finally, even though change is the only constant, it looks different neighborhood to neighborhood (the process is not the same in Williamsburg as in Fort Greene, to take two prominent and well-covered examples). How can/should we, as residents, merchants, and landlords, seek to channel this change in the service of building a healthy community that serves everyone, longtime locals and new arrivals, on Franklin Avenue? Is it possible?
Yeah, and it calls to me like a warm wind blowing
I loved Judy too.”
That let’s tea drip out
This concept made the children "particular about the backs of places." "A little thing is a little thing, but faithfulness in little things is a very great thing."
If Ladd was given too much development (such as it was), and Lake wasn't given enough, Robert Preston was downright ignored. A potentially compelling character was reduced to a plot device, and a very good actor was wasted. Oh, the thought of what could have been! How much would I have loved to see Preston fight to keep his girl's heart instead of just her life? But, no, he was given nothing to do but play the big, perfect hero - no emotional conflict necessary for that. Grr. The thought that they had Preston and didn't use him properly just burns me up inside. Despite the lack of conflict, Preston probably gave the most reliable performance of the three actors, though. He worked with what he had, which wasn't much, and he didn't change gears halfway through. His performance was solid but mostly unremarkable if not for the fact that I know he could have been amazing, and, no, this is not an instance where an actor could've put in a little more effort to steal the show - he wasn't given enough screen time for that! Grr. I may need to go watch The Music Man (1962) for the five-hundredth time, just to ease my sense of injustice. Hey, any excuse, right?
So, whether you are a reader or a writer, I want to make my blog an inclusive, inviting place for everyone who seeks to live with passion. Hopefully, it will grow to include people who may not have discovered their passions yet, but would most certainly welcome it!
Here is how to play:
The hunter gatherer is a thing of the past
But none of that matters. This isn’t about politics. This isn’t about black and white. This isn’t about you or me or some stupid f—ing game. This isn’t even about some backwater godforsaken hell hole on some faraway continent.
Me: Putting my head in the oven. I can't keep up with all this crap!
I began by running my tag through an embossing plate, before applying grey acrylic paint. I dry brushed a lighter grey over the top to highlight the embossed pattern as well as to the edges. I die cut the silhouette images, painted them with acrylic paints and coated with a thin layer of clear embossing powder. The flower is handmade using a Tim Holtz flower strip die. The leaves were cut out by hand, inked around the edges and run through a crinkle tool.
Part love letter to Paris, part love letter to New York, and total devotion to all things sweet, PARIS, MY SWEET is a treasure map for anyone with a hunger for life."
There’s a possibility of a Condohype appearance on tonight’s edition of The National. Fewer things in life are better than Peter Mansbridge, and this is coming from a guy who owns a stainless-steel fridge.
The Nightmares. The wear and tear of being homeless and addicted weighed heavy on Lindsey’s mind. Lindsey would be in and out of shelters and it started to lose her mind. Lindsey would wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweats. Lindsey started to think she was someone else.
collectivism is a bitch
Oct 8th - Jacksonville, FL taught by Colleen Schaan - Opens next week
As well as containing her first concerted embrace of world
And the Priestess spoke again and said: 'Speak to us of Reason and Passion.'
So here's a layout I made for the sketch challenge over at Let's Get Sketchy! What I love about this layout is, I pretty much forced myself to use only what I had sitting out on my extremely messy desk. I had tons of scraps from recent projects, little flowers and embellishments strewn everywhere...So I challenged myself to use what I had sitting out, instead of making more of a mess! The whole time I was putting this together...I kept thinking, "this is all wrong...everything clashes!" But in the end, I think I was quite successful in pulling all the colors together. It's quite the accomplishment, to me, to make Jillibean Soup, My Mind's Eye, and Echo Park all "work" on one layout!
sewing room full of vintage
The first time I saw the title of this book, I didn't know what I was looking at. Was it an article? Was it a headline? I finally realized it was the title of a book when I heard a friend of mine was reading it. She told me it was nothing like what you would imagine of a Stephen King novel. For me, a SK novel involved horror. I don't do horror, so up until a week ago I'd steered clear of the bestselling novelist. But my friend said I would like this one, and she has a good sense of my taste, so I figured I'd put it on reserve at the library and see what everyone was talking about.
All of these photos were taken this past winter in Charleston, SC by yours truly.
f) Ms Girija Varma, Senior Advisor, practicing IP & Patents Attorney
Jamie: You should feel his abs. It's impressive.
And so my heart, which had not yet begun to heal, was broken all over again. I am not doing well. I have not slept more than a few hours a night in the 5 weeks since this began, and even those few hours are the kind of fitful sleep where I wake up several times and am unsure if I have been asleep at all. On most days, I cannot eat much. I continue to lose weight. I cannot concentrate. It takes enormous effort to coax myself out of bed every morning, and I struggle through each moment of the day. I rush to close my office door several times each workday because I spontaneously break out into tears at my desk. I'm overcome by anxiety attacks almost hourly, and they wake me up in the middle of the night. I throw up most mornings, and burst into tears upon opening the door most nights. I barely recognize myself in the mirror. It is mostly in my eyes. The eyes looking back at me are not mine--these are so very sad. I can't remember the last time that I smiled, except I know that it was the day before this all began.
The bride had three cartoon artists that made drawings for donations. I wait in line and I'm trying to decide which artist to use when I look up and notice a Fat Mexican artist that looked eerily familiar. Holy shit one of the artists is the guy that stole my plate. I let it go. I decided to use a lady that kept insisting that I smile. This is the sketch that she made of us.We ate and left.
I will leave everyone with this:
EGGLESS CHOCOLATE CAKE
Bottom Line: Midnight Brown is a truly outstanding shade from Burberry. I am happy that this is part of the permanent collection. For those who are into neutral shades like I am, Midnight Brown will certainly not disappoint. I do highly recommend checking this out. As much as I love the other shades from the line, this is quickly becoming one of my favorites. For those looking for a dupe, I am sure there are similar shades from other lines but nothing is exactly quite like Midnight Brown. The pigmentation and texture of this alone makes it worth your time and money. Get it. No really. Add it to your collection. You won't regret it.
-Building a media kit
This is where the days begin to blend together for me. Every few hours I was interrupted for blood pressure and temperature check. They finally put me on anti-nausea medicine. Hallelujah. I ate my first bites of food.
Since we were already grinding the freeze-dried strawberries into a powder to color and flavor the icing, we also decided to use it in our fruity fondant (a combination of freeze-dried fruit, coconut flakes and coconut oil) to make our guitar garnish. We then substituted freeze-dried pineapple to make the musical notes (we also added a tiny bit of pineapple to the strawberry fondant to give the guitar some sparkle). Here's the result:
Is your husband not a doctor? Considering that many of the issues you listed in this statement refer to health and lifestyle issues, and considering that the state makes allowances for a spouse travelling with you, wouldn’t it make sense for the person closest to you, with intimate knowledge of your health issues and with medical qualifications, be the one to accompany you on your travels?
It was not possible for me to spend more time with Atul, so I tried calling him after duration of two weeks. He attended the call and said he would give me a call later. I tried after some days when I did not receive any of his calls. He was again busy and I started waiting for his calls. I started thinking that I had done something great compromising my family for him and he did not give me a consideration.
dealing with you .
I have come upon a clear line
Disappointing beer. Interesting though, because of that smell.
Anyway, the hardest part of packing for this trip has definitely been how I can reasonably carry as many shoes as possible on the trip; and, the all-important question for me was whether or not I could find beauty and function in the same shoe.
Woman of Honor is about Aislinn, a young girl who wants to become a knight to take her fallen brother's place. She's willing to give up everything for the Kingdom of Arnhem - her childhood, her life, even her heart.
So I started to do a lot of fishing and a little camping and as soon as you stop chasing women you will find one. I found Yvette and she was sweet and a Redhead and wanted for me to take her Camping. So I began to plan a Campout that would be held at the location of Toledo Bend Lake. Toledo Bend was where Dad and I had had our very best times and I was eager to go there; part of getting back to the way I was raised. There is a point and an Island that I have a lot in common with.
So it’s a slam dunk for Democrats to demagogue white people in Arizona, and simply assume that white cops will act stupidly there, too. Their skins are white, ergo sum they are racist and evil; what more evidence do you need?
The Park City debut of "Ready to Fly". Show starts at 7pm. Get your Amber on and support US Woman's Ski Jumping. Beer sold at the door. Proceeds support the team.
In the ideal world, she will land a job at a literary agency as an assistant literary agent, work for an agent who is encouraging and supportive, and within a year or two will be promoted, handling a list of her own authors. Some agents (and agencies) are more supportive of promoting their assistants than others, though; if she finds herself in an environment where assistants are not promoted after several years (or at all), or where her boss is not supportive, she may need to eventually switch agencies in order to become a full-fledged agent.
The back end of the storm is pulling down cold air / strong cell thunderstorms / damaging winds and SNOW into Texas, New Mexico — I don’t know if the NEXT LINE of storms being pulled down from the pacific northwest (currently over colorado ) will produce additional severe weather, or if it will spin up ITSELF into a new small low pressure system.
Just as Dava Sobel says 'The Sun Kings' is 'a captivating , fast-paced, beautifully crafted story.' - and, I would add, essential reading.
We knew the house was small. We knew we might one day need more room and that it needed some work. The previous owners had done a lot to improve it in the four years they had lived there. We thought we could do more. Potential is both an exciting and dangerous thing.
But when I am with my grade, I love it. Most of the time, anyway.
-Steven Wright
General Geldenhuys is a gentleman or as he sees himself, a “diplomat soldier”. He never swears. And the thread throughout his book is his outspoken love of the troops who served under him and his respect for his enemy. He says his soldiers who served in the Border War do not deserve the politically correct brigade’s deliberate twisting and manipulation of history.
"Buffalo is a good testing location because there is a critical mass of Sunoco retail locations," spokesman Thomas Golembeski explained. "There is a large beer-loving community and a strong group of microbreweries in the area."
Who doesn't love acetate cards? Robots and communists, that's who. This outstanding design is another great example of Donruss' excellent creativity and execution at the time. Besides the card back stating that "Chipper is a classic dirty-uniform player who brings to the ballpark a work ethic that matches his skill. He took extra bases on 66.7 percent of his opportunities in '96, fourth-best in the NL," I love that the front of the card shows him about to bunt, a classic blue-collar, hard hat sort of play that captures the attitude of a player unselfish enough to do so despite being a feared hitter with power. Well done, Donruss.
I vaguely recall coming through the first mile in 5:42. I was shooting for 6:30 opening pace, which explains why I exclaimed "Oh shit!" as I looked at my watch breezing through the Mile 1 marker. But then, it didn't seem THAT fast, and when I arrive Mile 2 at 12:41, it seemed pretty unlikely that I followed a 5:42 mile with a 6:59, confirming my suspicions that the mile markers were out of place.
I never heard of The String Cheese Incident before; so I went on YouTube to check some of their songs. Those songs I heard have bluegrass tinge to them; and bluegrass is definitely NOT my cup of tea. But it seemed I also had some serious misconception of “raves.” I thought they were “happenings” where participants got stoned out of their mind. If they can also hoop, then raves are good and bless The String Cheese Incident.
Liar.
A view from Academe on the issue of Lust.
My individuality will never end. There will be no one exactly like me, not even my child. She will be like me in some ways, but not at all in others. I -wouldn’t have it any other way.
The good news is that our salvation isn’t about our perfection – but about our faith in Jesus Christ, His death for us – and the forgiveness that is received by those who commit their lives to Him.
“I thought we were friends Emma.”
After her husband had gone to the pub for his darts match, the woman filled the bath and watched as the girl got undressed. She was surprised to see that the lass didn't have any pubic hair, and told her husband when he came home. He didn't believe her, so she said, "Next week I'll leave a gap in the curtains so that you can see for yourself."
Don’t aim for thousands per month when you are just getting started. Aim for hundreds per month instead.
Not long after the traumatic event in our lives, I wrote the book entitled Flee the Night. I set the book in a cave. I hate caves. They're clammy and dark. Caves have been used for centuries as dungeons, and as I wrote, I saw my character, because of her regrets, trapped in a dungeon, filthy, smelly, suffering.
Includes - All materials as well as drinks and nibblies are included (Lavazza Coffee is extra at $2 per cup.)
have their suicidal tendencies (shot in the chest/heart/brain
Yes, sleep quietly there neath the rolling sands,
December saw me trying to cram in all the books I've been meaning to read this year. It turned out to be a very good month with hardly any disappointments. And I also managed to read 125 books during the course of the year. This includes so novellas and graphic novels, but not every little thing I read. Still I'm quite happy with that number, but very unsure if I'll even come close to it in 2012. 2012 is setting up to be a very busy year for me personally since I'm trying to sell my house and move along with a lot of travel. Travel does generally mean catching up on reading though, but we'll see. Anyway here is what I read in December.
I am so thankful for so many things!
There're almost 50 of these cards, so they'll be coming out for a bit! Enjoy! :)
5 Clothing
Cheeks
Let’s take a look at all the sports where India made a mark in a truly global scene. Horse Polo, Hockey, Billiards, Shooting, Tennis, Golf, Wrestling, Badminton, Boxing, Air race, Cricket … are some of the events.
The PSNI said it wanted to examine all the documents relating to the nine deaths and deal with all the PII issues before the first inquest started.
Meticulously setting the privacy settings on your social media accounts could be for naught if a potential employer invites you to log in during the interview and reviews your Facebook page.
When Funimation came calling with a proposal to do the videogame "Dragon Age" as an anime, Bioware creative director Mike Laidlaw was rightfully enthusiastic about the idea. The result is a dark, mystical adventure filled with magic, dragons, knights, and other fun elements along with a story and characters that are both exciting and involving.
"...George Washington broke in two and sank in twenty minutes. The Chinese medium-range ballistic missile had a penetrator warhead that drilled through all fourteen decks of the ship and punched a cavernous hole measuring twenty-feet wide from the flat-top landing deck through to the bottom of the hull. Ammunition stores ignited secondary explosions. Two million gallons of JP-5 jet fuel poured into the sea. The attack was calamitous and damage control was pointless
* perfectly sized travel brush, unlike other brushes these are not too small
For the low, low price of $1 each, we got a nice tour of the brewery and a pretty extensive history lesson on not just the brewery but how some of the beers came to be (did you know that there was a riot that killed 11 people when the English stopped making IPA?). The best part, however, is that even if you don’t drink, you get a nifty Redhook Brewery glass.
-You are so fashionable
10:05: Marlow points to Deborah Arnott's statement on the jailing of Nick Hogan as proof that bans harm hospitality businesses. The fact that Arnott pointed to bars having to change their way of doing business is economic proof that damage has been inflicted.
-I’m tired.
To support the Norwegian government to provide Breivik with a free and fair trial, equivalent to the treason trial provided to Nelson Mandela by the Apartheid South African government.
series 2 (133-263)
After I graduate, I’ll be moving to New York City to pursue a career in media planning.
Our everyday reality is shattered and we are flung into the heavens.
The BEF will once again host its annual Trivia Night on Friday, March 9, 2012. Since the theme of music was such a “big hit” last year, we decided to do it again. A perfect forum to show off your “moves like Jagger.”
But then people started jumping into the conversation defending the scene. I wish I could remember more of the details from the meeting, but I remember coming away very pleased that I’d broken the ice and gotten people talking about writing sex scenes.
Hand pie is an individual serving of a buttery and flaky pastry stuffed with either sweet or savory filling. This also makes a great portable snack during picnics or small gatherings.
It was a little hard sometimes when you’d either need to stop talking to people as you were going off pace, or you’d have to weave in and out of people to keep pace.
Khoele sees the disarmament of blacks as a ploy by a government that is afraid of poor people because of the government’s failures on jobs, housing and services.
You're not supposed to worry about costing "an arm and a leg"-- you're supposed to worry about how to spend your advance money. If you're a nonfiction writer who can't get a real publisher to pay you a real advance, something is probably wrong with your submission.
Chopped onion (about half an onion)
Not only is this thesis unprovable and it’s not like Gell even tries, it is downright ridiculous. He wants us to believe that just because kids get inundated with a ton of ads – ads that run excessively on Nickelodeon and the networks during Saturday morning cartoons, it is Rogers who set those millions on a downward spiral toward commercialized zombieism. It’s a claim so astounding, I find it hard to refute in any way other than to let you just think about it for a few seconds.
How can you win the giveaway-give away?
And my, what a phase it’s been! My husband was in graduate school for Acting. I think I was in graduate school for life. I’ve learned seriously important lessons over the past 4 years. And since new beginnings are always a time to reflect, I thought I’d share some of them here…
Thank you for joining in this week and to everyone that has taken part throughout the year. Weekend Herb Blogging officially resumes on January 2nd with WHB#315 which will be hosted by me. I will be accepting entries posted during the break, just send them along to the usual address - whb AT cookalmostanything.com
To college that is....
9. Plans also include: The K-Street Project Gift Shop - where you can buy (or just steal) an election.
Dinner - Crockpot stuffed bell peppers, salad
I just watched the video and read the article too. I feel a bit like a Fox News reporter…let’s see both sides. As a former video producer I am fully aware of the way an “agenda” or “cause” is able to make its point very effectively via film.
The top of the beak, a fork:
I LOVE comments
The following day the Princess said, "Caroline, everyone is quite impressed with you" - because I had managed to get a blouse stitched in one hour. The ladies of the royal family all wanted to know what tailor I had found and how much I paid!
The last thing you want when going through IVF is stress and frustration. It seemed that every time I got off the phone with a nurse at the clinic I felt frustrated. I have asked myself if this review would be different if the treatments had worked and the more I thought about I would say my answers would stay the exact same.
Email and a blog used to be enough online interaction: Posted a few vacation photos on a website, sent an email, and that was it. If someone didn’t want to call me (and as a native East Coaster, I acknowledge the time difference is hard), they could just drop me a line or two electronically, and I’d respond at my leisure. For the folks not on Facebook, that’s how I still communicate. Because no social network, not Friendster, not MySpace, not Facebook, not Google+ has ever offered all my ‘friends’ in one place.
Pour the mixture into 500gms of wheat flour and knead the dough until they are well mix.
Iron Stylus: Cho’Gath’s legendary has a new voice. Twisted Fate’s skin has nothing and hardly deserves to be called legendary.
HOMESCHOOLING STUDENT: _________________
were sources of illness,
I hesitate to call it a milkshake. It's full of healthy ingredients and you could totally work it for breakfast. Plus, it doesn't even contain milk or ice cream. Then again... it does involve cream. A lush, pure cream, whipped till thick and tantalising.
So here ya go, and I hope you'll enjoy this.
In The Maybe World (2006)
For my ITBS, the road to recovery will be long, for I’ve unknowingly done much damage to it in the past year. But as I’m typing this, I’ve begun to run again. My mileage is reduced; in line with my recovery plan. With each run, the ITB still stings but I insist on avoiding the knee wrap. I can’t and shouldn’t depend on it forever. I’m also more aware of injuries now. I’ll stretch before, during and after a run, regardless of the distance. Also, I’m cross-training to strengthen other parts of my body. Diet-wise, I’m taking in more protein to help build muscles.
I think I do. These days everything moves really fast. There’s all kinds of sub-genres so it all depends on what you’re talking about. For instance, just this morning I heard about this track. It’s a Foster The People remix for “Blue Jeans” (by Lana Del Rey) that Azealia Banks raps on. She’s dope. The guy that mixed our record was doing her record right after ours and I was like, “Dude, can I sneak in?” I’m excited to hear Azealia Banks’s stuff.
21. A Man Is In Love
It's strange when she nails it. And she blames it all on Uranus. (insert joke here) I don't see how travel is going to be possible, I can't even take a weekend day off or I'll get behind. One thing's for sure though, I'm going to buy a garage door opener and a snow removal service for the garage before next winter. Perhaps then, I'll be able to appreciate the beauty of the white stuff again.
We worked on plot today. This is a reteach time, in preparation for the Reading STAAR, and most of my students remembered the lesson we had months ago. We talk about plot all the time, but maybe I don't use the term "plot" enough. That is definitely something I need to work on...the technical language. That's sometimes difficult with ELLs.
2. Buying a car is a long process. I spent a good bit of the day with a friend navigating maze of paperwork that makes up a first time car purchase. 6 hours later…he has a car. It looks like something out of The Fast and The Furious!
We've been goin out to eat at people's houses a lot. And going to a lot of going away party's. Here we are at a going away for our Vet Techs. This picture would only be funny to people who have lived in Turkey. Raki (pronounced Rak-uh) is a Turkish drink served in this glass that Elijah is drinking out of. Elijah, is drinking water, but it was still funny to see him drinking out of a Raki glass.
One of my sisters (nicknamed “Buggy”) used to pet bumblebees. I was never brave enough to follow suit.
They get to her house and her dad was straight up Chris Cooper in American Beauty, the kind of guy who collects Nazi china and might try to molest you in the garage. They ate a super uncomfortable dinner that made me feel like there were ants chewing on my eyeballs and that still seemed better than actually being at the dinner. The worst part was the producers and editors weren’t trying to make it seem that bad. It just was. You could cut her dad 20 ways and he’d still be a prick.
It just seemed appropriate right now:
Washington sends official envoy to Lanao
The Temple of Rejuvenation has two Human Beings quantumly entangled. One is the target. The other one is the “template.” Life extension, through the knowledge of DNA that Yawee had, was to entangle the target with the template and transfer certain attributes from the one to the other.
Even the level-headed Vol’jin, Chieftain of the Darkspear Trolls, appears in the new Cata Troll starter quests with one of my favorite interactions, a past conversation between he and Garrosh:
Miss C: Okay.
A few years ago I read that Anne Jeffreys had attained great age by living a very healthy lifestyle. So I was surprised that at one point in her career she advertised cigarettes. Did she smoke? Probably not. Even professional athletes advertised cigarettes. They probably didn't smoke, either. But tobacco money was as good as any in those days, when celebrities endorsed products they didn't use.
When asked about this earlier by an OMW reader in the area, we turned to TWC's Travis Reynolds, who told us that "we simply do not carry (Fox Sports Pittsburgh) in that area. Even without Fox Sports Pittsburgh, hockey fans can still see NHL games on Versus (Channel 323), NHL Network (Channel 324 on the Digital Sports Tier) or the local NBC affiliate, which is WFMJ (Channel 4)..."
For crying fucking out loud--how much longer am I expected to live in this godforsaken frozen hellscape?! Tell me. I need to know.
What is the wildest place you two ever had sex?
and furthermore,
Yesterday I shopped this weeks Albertson's sale. I spent $67.31 and saved $234.61 by combining the Preferred savings with coupons I had printed or clipped. This is what I came away with
3 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano or 1 tablespoon dried oregano
2. Do The Dog
When the tabernacle and the temples were built, the best materials were used to make something of great beauty, formed by the best craftsmen. We are the best materials, God’s handiwork, his masterpiece. The temple not made with hands grows in beauty with each person who comes to faith. Peter, in his first letter, urges us: “Like living stones, let yourselves be built into a spiritual house, to be a holy priesthood, to offer spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God through Jesus Christ.”
and, to be okay with who i am in the midst of it. knowing each day brings change and growth of some kind.
6. Finally, you say you're so excited, you want to donate some money already? Knock yourself out. The NFPF has already set up a donor link, exclusively for the blogathon, right here.
In Beshty’s work, things happen, the outcomes can even be surprising or even beautiful, but the work never escapes or fails to acknowledge the conditions which led to its creation. The camera, the darkroom, and the nature of photography are good places to enact his views of the world. After all, mechanisms, chemicals, printers, and darkrooms are all conditions that contain the action of an abstract, unknowable entity called the photographer. We see the marks of the people stepping on the glass but don’t know anything about them.
"Children are born passionately eager to make as much sense as they can of things around them. If we attempt to control, manipulate, or divert this process, the independent scientist in the child disappears."
Honora are usually not a vendor I feature because they sell average pearls, often dyed weird colours like turquoise and red. They do not use the d-word, though, "Honora has developed a process for infusing colors into pearls that have never been seen before." (Let's hope they infuse better than they write.)
25% Solid Oils - oils that are solid at room temperature
That being said, I'm sure you can understand when I say that some days are harder than others.
All purpose flour- 100gms
Paper: Pool Party, Calypso Coral, Whisper White
If you're using an older blog template, then it can be really useful to know how to customise your blog background in HTML. If you're not confident with using HTML, this can seem a little more challenging than if you're using the Template Designer option, but it is pretty straight forward once you get the hang of it.
Have you heard of Victory Patterns? I think it is a relatively new pattern company based in Canada. Most of the styles seem to be trending to a younger target market (than moi, for example) but there are a few that I really love.
She pulled that trigger.
Pardon me while I wipe the spittle off my monitor and breathe in. And out. And in.
To finish it up, (hopefully next weekend) I'm going to spray paint that white command hook black (if I can wait that long) and add some pumpkins. I'll be sure to post the finished picture as soon as I'm done!
All of this is taking place in a context of increasingly apocalyptic discussions about the possibility that the student debt bubble is about to burst ("This could very well be the next debt bomb for the U.S. economy"). We don't want to get into that debate here. All we want to do is offer some brief thoughts on the possible intersection of the parallel retreats of US Bank/corp we identified above. The imbrication, that is, between two levels of scale: the blockade and subsequent decision of US Bank to abandon its Memorial Union branch; and the strikingly coincident decision of US Bancorp to abandon its financial position in the student debt market.
Now, none of this should be shocking or even especially funny. Except it wasn’t either of my girls who was saying it.
I tucked in with a Southampton IPA, shrimp scampi, tuna sliders, and the chef’s choice pintxos (shrimp cocktail, beet napoleon, and duck confit). I took a brief moment to school the young couple at the table next to me on the contents of my meal and what the hell tapas are—”is that, like, a sandwich or something?” Answer: small plates meant for communal sharing to encourage conversation. Since I was currently only conversing with Tina Fey in my head, I’m happy to say I did not have to share one bite. It was delicious.
The kid had (been forced to) memorize our home phone number.
Red chilly Powder – 1/2 Tsp
Even Sunshine is an Ordinary Beam.
buried deep inside our melancholic heart.
Actually, it looked like there was only a few hundred in that direction, but like the rest they were all converging on me.
When the bag is mixed thoroughly well, drop your chicken into the bag and seal it. Move the chicken around through the bag and make sure that all the pieces get coated well.
I’ve never talked to anyone else about any of this.
From there we went to Toys R Us since they needed something fun to do..the car ride there was 15mins of listening to Bella chant "toysrus" over & over until we got there. Do you have any idea how hard it gets to focus on the road when listening to the same phrase get louder & louder over & over? that's a daily thing around here
It was Robert Twigger who made Yoshinkan Aikido popularized through his book Angry White Pyjamas. Twigger, a British travel writer and adventurer, detailed in his book the strict and more often gruesome training course that he had to endure when he signed up to an 11-month program intended to train Yoshinkan instructors.
Anna was one of the first people that I met at Catawba. We used to joke around about how we met because I actually "met" her before I really met her. It was my first day at Catawba and I was in the bookstore with my parents. Our orientation hadn't started yet so we were killing time walking around campus. I was excited, but nervous, and I think some of that nervousness is what made me react the way I did. I saw Anna in the bookstore. She smiled at me, and said hi...and I didn't respond! I have no idea why. I am not the kind of person who would just ignore a random stranger like that. But for some reason, I looked at her, and decided that she was a snob. When my orientation class began later that day, I walked into the room and realized that the "snob" I had seen in the bookstore was in my class! Our orientation classes were small. I think mine had 12 people in it, so what were the odds of the snobby girl from the bookstore being in the same class as me. Later that day, after our parents had left, and we were left alone to mingle with our new friends, Anna and I started talking. I realized in an instant that my initial assessment of her was 100% wrong. She was clearly one of the sweetest girls I had ever met. We became instant friends. For years after that moment, we would joke about the bookstore incident. It turns out that when she saw me in orientation she thought "Oh great, the snobby girl who ignored me in the bookstore is in my class." So at random moments throughout the next 12 years she would say to me "I can't believe you thought I was a snob!" or I would say "I can't believe I ever thought that you were snobby" and we'd have a good laugh about it!
As you can see here, this is where they stopped excavation. The front portion of this building is excavated, and then they put up a wall and stopped. And now there are houses built right on top of the city. I could only imagine the case of imminent domain that would come out of this when someone decides to continue excavation.
None of the above applies to Omar Khadr. He was born into a religious family of Islamists who believe in the destruction of western civilization. No coercion, no rape, no drugs no abuse. By all accounts a very tight, loving and caring family environment. Omar Khadr was and is an admitted soldier and murderer. Canada and Canadians should not be backing his play or listening to the advice of the good General.
Hang Up #4.
Hugs~
I was born right-smack in a time when our food supply, and therefore our country’s health as a whole, started moving in the wrong direction. I was lured to fast food by McDonald’s toys (the mini-Cabbage Patch doll was my favorite) and to microwave meals by cool commercials for Kid Cuisine, and lived off of horrible school meals by day and unhealthy convenience foods by night. My diet was the result of lack of knowledge and guerilla marketing tactics; I was bombarded into thinking that food was supposed to be fun and had nothing to do with taking care of my body. I’m just one story out of many, many people in this country who have been led in the wrong direction too.
When did I miss the fact that parents of the 1940's were "absent", "non-involved" with their children and horrendously neglectful of their offspring's emotional and developmental needs? The answer is I didn't miss this fact. The vast majority of the children of this time were just fine, normal kids. Wertham dealt in his professional capacity with the tiny percent of the child population who were "troubled". The leap in logic and projection across the entire demographic, in retrospect, was wrong, his graphic case studies notwithstanding.
Within thirty minutes from Richmond, Tanglewood is a destination in an of itself. Family-style dining. Dinner served up to 7:30. Steamed spriced shrimp among their famous sides and additional entrees. Advance reservations for whole tables (4 and up) available at $40 per person which includes dinner, music, regular beverages, dessert, tax and tip. Beer and wine available, champagne by request.
The normal settings for а computer uѕing аn operating system thаt is popular include thе hard drive space needѕ to bе sufficient. The space for thiѕ normal requirement іѕ twenty five gigabytes of space. In thе ultra settings it iѕ the sаme vаluе fоr hard drive storage space requirements.
Now, if actually put into practice, this would completely fall apart. Kids know when they're being manipulated, and will often let their displeasure in this fact be known (I know that when younger, and faced with less respectful adults, my sister and I were definitely not impressed!); if they don't have any interest in something their parents think they should learn, and the parents force it anyway, it ceases to be unschooling; and if a parent shares an interest, asks if their kids want to go to a museum or sign up for a class, that's not in the least sneaky or manipulative, so doesn't warrant any conspiratorial aura. All that is, is a parent openly asking their child if they'd be interested in doing something, or genuinely sharing a personal interest.
I went with a very clear ambition of buying a few additions for my wardrobe as since arriving I've exhausted everything I brought with me to the States and reached a '5 outfit' block. I picked up this camouflage coat in the mens section at Beacon's Closet (which I must say I was disappointed by given it's reputation.) It has fantastically deep pockets for furrowing my hands and my possessions into and is nice and thick so it's a practical substitute for the puffa jacket which I've been wearing day in and out. The sun was shining on campus today and wear it felt good.
I have two cards that I made for a couple special blogger friends that went out of their way to be so sweet and thoughtful. I wanted to send them a special thank you card to let them both know it meant a lot. Thank you Carri and Lisa!!!
First is the roof structure adequate to support the added weight? Ensure the installation is done by competent contractors as moisture is the enemy of the home and once you even walk on a roof damage can be done, let alone when mounting a myriad of supports and structure up there.
Overall Impression (0-3): It's a beer that doesn't have its identity clear. It's refreshing, but as I finish the first pint, I'm not sure I want a second one. I'm craving a Boulevard Tank 7 or Saison Rue instead. So the beer fails the drinkability test in that respect. But it's not as bad as some reviewers have described it. I like the idea of using a ubiquitous Texas ingredient in a beer, and have to give the brewers at Spoetzel Brewing some credit. 2 points
Pattern: Sidebar -3 Photo Accent & Sidebar - Balancing Act from Reflections
This is a TTM I received on Thursday, I still have one more TTM to post from last week which will be posted tomorrow and it is a dandy.
As for me, I am wondering about my New York Giants. A few years ago, they won an improbable Super Bowl. After last season’s disastrous finish, the G-Men have numerous holes to fill. Instead of putting bowel-stewing fear in opposing quarterbacks, the Giants last year did a great job of playing laissez-faire defense, allowing boatloads of yards and points. On the other side of the ball, the running game that once seemed unstoppable was a shadow of it’s former glory. Brandon Jacobs and Ahmad Bradshaw fought off numerous injuries and could never find a winning groove. Too often it felt like the rushing attack was trudging in quicksand.
Even through all the uncertainty, God was good. Somehow, all of our bills got paid every month, even though we weren't quite sure where the money was coming from. My daughter and I both got on Medicaid and we applied for food stamps. For the applications, I had to document our income and provide verification of it. I could document how much money we deposited into our account, but didn't really know how to verify where it came from. All I can say is that God worked miracles during those times. Money literally came from Heaven.
I spent a fabulous six months dating this guy named Jared. We had a great time together and we laughed all the time. He let me talk his ear off about my obsession with Musicals and David Bowie's hair from Labrynth and I think he actually enjoyed it.
I was impressed with how the scientists took time to try and explain to me, often in slow, halting English, their experiments and work. English is a hard language to learn, but to throw technical and scientific jargon into the mix makes for a real challenge.
Best Bet: Picture, Martin Scorcese (Director), John Logan (Adapted Screenplay), Editing, Bob Richardson (Cinematography); Possible: Sound Mixing, Sound Editing, Costume Design, Howard Shore (Score), Visual Effects, Makeup; Long Shot: Asa Butterfield (Lead – or, incorrectly, Supporting – Actor)
John T. Eber Sr.
These are only a handful of questions and they are only for one area of agriculture. The drive behind this display was to start a conversation. “The drive behind this display was to start a discussion. If we can get people talking, thinking and appreciating their reliance on the rural sector, then the display has done its job” said Wendy.
To register to run the Race for Life (eeeeekkkkkkk!!)
Another footbridge crosses to the east bank of the Royal Military Canal, which, reassuringly, means I’m back on route. The 28 mile Canal dates from the early days of the 19th century during the threat of Napoleonic invasion when Romney Marsh was a likely landing spot for French forces, and the realisation by Lt Col John Brown of the Royal Staff Corps that the flooded marsh with its network of ditches would be an insufficient barrier to a determined invader. Brown proposed a defensive ditch 19m wide be constructed from Folkestone around Romney Marsh to Rye and this was greeted enthusiastically by the Duke of York and Prime Minister William Pitt. John Rennie, who had had made his name with the construction of, amongst other things, Waterloo Bridge, numerous canals and the dockyards at Chatham and Devonport, was appointed engineer and proposed extending the canal from Rye to Cliff End, incorporating the Rivers Rother and Brede, thus creating an island of Romney Marsh. Once Pitt had convinced local landowners of the benefits of the Canal, which could also be used to drain surrounding farmland, construction began in October 1804.
Maybe it was that teacher did not make us understand well or it was that I didn't made something WOW stuff like my web page using HTML.
Chi's jaw aches apparently from smiling too much today.
companioning winding creeks; and
For example: 3 John 1:2 has been wrongfully used to teach people that God wants them to be both healthy and wealthy. KJV: ‘Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth’.
the night felt so perfect. Our family, friends, and babies were all there. I remember just stopping and looking around and being so thankful to a) have food b)have friends and c)have all of these things at our house. It was humbling, and i am grateful.
I think sometimes we just get overwhelmed with life, and need to clear our minds (and our desks) before we feel like we can make any real progress or move forward with things. That’s where I was today, BUT:
I spent all of my childhood and teen years trying to look good enough. To lose the ten or twenty pounds or whatever amount it was that she thought I needed to lose. Tuck my shirt in the way she wanted. Wear the shade of lip gloss she chose for me.
One winner will win a pair of PhitGrips for their own! Simply fill the form out below to be entered! Giveaway open to United States residents aged 18 years or older. Void where prohibited by law. Winner will be selected using random.org and will have five business days to respond to winning email before win will be forfeited and a new winner chosen. For complete rules and regulations, disclaimer and disclosure, please visit the "legal" page.
On whether any fraud has been detected or criminal charges filed against any Sime Darby employees, Musa said that would depend on the findings of the working group and their special consultants, which is still “work in progress.”
It’s been a challenging summer. We’ve had fun—don’t get me wrong. There was our yearly trip to Michigan, our yearly trip to the delicious wilderness of upstate New York, a birthday party for a certain three year old (!!) baby chick, and plenty of gardening, crafting, water play, and all the other essentials of summer.
I continued to read moving up to things like voice and closing the narrative distance. (Thanks, polymath.) About pacing, twists, foreshadowing, hooks, etc. About editing. Then I tried again and again and again... but I never finished a single one of those drafts.
and we are a family of readers.
as some understand slowness.
My conclusion, there is a wealth of wisdom in the Asian's traditional methods of healing.
let’s banned together – 287 total hits
Love or confusion
John P. Bergin, 39, New York, N.Y.
For motorcyclists this is interesting story, because that dying snake’s bayou makes for a winding curvy road following her banks. Also, this northern stretch of the LA-31 may be one of the best built highways in Louisiana. She is paved almost as smoothly as the German autobahns – something that is unheard of on the pothole afflicted and patched-up roads of South Louisiana.
The real dynamic of journalism in liberal democracies is far more complicated, convoluted and nuanced than anything so mind numbingly simplistic as being “bought and paid for” by powerful interests. Fascinating though the topic may be, it is not my intent to explore it at this time.
Why I chose this book:
All of a sudden, the clothes were not important anymore. What caught my eye was my own profile. I’d never really looked at it before, and I was devastated. Although I’d always thought otherwise, it appeared that I didn’t have much of a chin. This was not Kirk Douglas, or Burt Lancaster. This was not John Wayne, or Elvis Presley. Instead, I felt it looked more like the vulture in a Walt Disney cartoon.
Instead of going shopping during the weekend, let’s do something that is not draining on your wallet. Let’s take a walk….to the park. A sculpture park specifically.
Sierra Nevada- Celebration Ale- Wonderfully robust and rich, Celebration® Ale is dry-hopped for a lively, intense aroma. Brewed especially for the holidays.
I blogged about the fabric I received for some of the other sections yesterday, but here is one I got a while back. I only bought a small piece because it was *very* expensive (gulp), but hopefully I can work it in somewhere. It reminds me of Japanese kimonos.
Procedure: Put ghee in a heavy bottom pan and when it melts add all the ingredients except crushed cardamom and saffron. Stir till the mixture on medium heat till it starts to leave the sides - about 30-40 mins and then add cardamom and saffron. Grease a plate/tray and set the mixture in it. Cool and cut and store is refrigerator for extended shelf life.
Eastern religions have obviously gone deep into the Western soul. Their appeal is understandable: Western Christianity, especially Protestantism but also Catholicism in recent years, has been deprived of the element of the true worship of God which Orthodoxy has, and the human soul feels empty. Also, most Eastern religions offer a rather simple kind of “peace” through meditation or chanting which is not as demanding as true Christianity, since the latter gives one a peace not of this world and prepares one for eternal life in a Kingdom not of this world.
“I think there is a difference between the king’s and prime minister’s approach regarding political reforms and the pace of political reform,” he said.
We passed the letters back and forth in study hall.
As this latest snipe hunt makes clear, voter fraud seldom happens, and its impact (if it did occur) is nonexistent. IF all 900+ suspected votes were fraud and IF each and every one of them was cast for a single candidate in a high profile state wide election, they would have had ZERO impact in 2008 or 2010. The total count of suspected votes was .00475% of votes in the 2008 election. In other words nothing. On the other hand voter suppression tactics like the current voter ID law are projected to have the potential to prevent 10s of thousands of votes from being cast..... That is a notable impact that could swing an election.
Pat Thomas
Like water I moved, picked up the cell and called my friends over at 911.
If you email me your address,
The two organizations worked together to “create this amazing, large chicken coop,” Brody said. Built in March at the Brooklyn Schenectady Avenue Community Garden in Crown Heights, it is the largest chicken coop in the city. “We want to engage more of the wider community to learn about chicken-keeping.”
Finally we are back in the car with Toni and Guido. First we drop off Guido somewhere near the lake and then drive back to Scanno. Toni then tells us, that he hasn’t got a driver’s license, nor is his car registered. When a police car appears in front of us, he throws up both his arms in the air, shouting: Polizia!!!
“At a certain point, you have to recognize that your interests will be trampled on. If your relationship is about how-your-relationship-doesn’t-work, and you see no improvement, then your healthiest move may be to end it. You are entitled to more, and if the passive-aggressive in your life cannot or will not give it, seek your happiness elsewhere. Again, it means sizing up the situation realistically – knowing what he does and does not give to the relationship, assessing the real value of his promises to change.”
Such a wonderful philosophy to have, especially for baking wedding cakes!
Although, this weekend I am having my first ever blogger meet up with Katie from Domestiphobia! She and her husband are coming to my family’s place at Lake Gaston. We had a really fun phone conversation the other night, and I’m super excited to meet her! Oh, and have you tried Ben & Jerry’s Triple Caramel Chunk ice cream? It really is amazing.
Third, many good cameras permit you to select Aperture priority or Shutter priority modes. What these do for you is permit you to preselect a specific f/stop for your lens or shutter speed matched to your subject and then it floats the other parameter (shutter speed or f/stop) to maintain a “proper” exposure. The former mode permits you to set up for a subject and then move around it shooting from different vantage points with different lighting conditions but keeping the same depth of field. The latter mode permits you to select a decent speed (for example, 1/1000″ at a car race, 1/500″ at a soccer match) and then pick out action all around the scene without worrying too much about the aperture. Again, read your camera’s manual and experiment with both options to determine the strengths they bring to the table.
I have been so inspired by so many of the beautiful banners out there! On SCS, on Pinterest, everywhere! I decided to jump in and try one for myself! I cut out three triangles from burlap. I didn't measure, just sort of winged it. I also cut out three triangles from card stock, again no measuring. I glued each burlap piece down to the card stock using Mod Podge. Once that dried, (it didn't take very long) I painted each piece with white acrylic paint. While those pieces were drying, I stamped the new It Is Well With My Soul stamp onto some card stock pieces and tore them out, distressed them and sponged on them. Then I stamped the light house from the Light of the World set. For some reason it seemed important to use this set. It was the very first stamp set that Our Daily Bread designs released, and it just felt right. I colored the image lightly with copics and then lightly painted over the whole thing with the white paint again. I glued these to the banner pieces with Beacon 3-in-1 glue. Then I attached the lace, seam binding, and buttons. I used hemp to attach the banners to for displaying.
Eric Hoffer teaches me much with this statement. We are so concerned with the meanings we apply to everything, the abstractions and concepts, and we are so desperate to know our true identity that we miss the truth of ourselves by avoiding that which can teach us, aloneness, the paradox of loneliness.
And so was Lance.
Don't forget our terrific sponsor this month
Got this hilarious image as a freebie over at Marlenes' blog. She cracks me up and if you are ever in need of a laugh (hope u r easy going ) then you should check out her blog. With the bad news goin on all over the world I thank God for my ART and a good laugh! This card was made for my dog's groomer. Since I know her personally I like to make her a card with her tip in it. :) She told me my pug was not very well behaved last visit to get her nails clipped and a shampoo!
Two fire alarms were pulled. We learned that false alarms cost the hotel $500 each and that Mary Gold, our beloved Conference Diva, was deeply distressed. How did the unschooling community respond? They opened their wallets and reminded each other that young people are curious and impulsive.
In a small bowl, combine melted butter and banana, beat well.
Ian Carr describes this album for you."I wrote "Solar Plexus" last year with the help of an "Arts Council" grant. It is based on two short themes which are stated at the beginning("Elements I & II"). The first theme is angular and has a slow crab-like movement : the second theme is direct,simple and diatonic "Changing Times" and "Spirit Level" explore the first theme,and "Bedrock Deadlock" and "Torso" explore the second one."Snakeships' Dream" tries to fuse both themes".
I bought my Japanese Books at a Kinokuniya Book Store but if you can't get to a Japanese book store, check out Pomadour's Craft Cafe Etsy shop - it has a great variety and is at great value too. =)
“My Asian Americana” features young men and women wrapped in or flanked by the American flag, recounting memories about home, such as leaves changing color in New Hampshire, baseball games at Fenway Park and fireworks on the Fourth of July. Some were born in refugee camps and had never been to Cambodia before.
We drove to a river, where we all piled into water taxis..... Wooden boats.... A little nerve wracking at 1st, but hey, it worked! On the other side of the river, we got onto a ghetto school bus and we went to this little tribe village. There we met a medicine man and learned a little bit about their culture. When we were done, we ate food from a banana leaf bowl. Really cool experience. The kids were not playful, more like scared. They did not like our bubbles. When the tour, et al, was over we had 2 hours to kill.... We did not enjoy this. There was nothing to do and i felt like we were intruding. Enough said.
Job Title:
Demick, Sluty, and Whitmire run the three man weave
I just came across the decision 27 W (pat) 554/10 in an appeal against the refusal of a trademark registration. The trademark contained the abbreviation RCQT and parts of a sign of military origin and was refused as offending the public order and morality (§ 8 II Nr. 5 of the German Trademark Act).
So, one of the important questions of sustainability today is trying to produce systems that are in some ways weaker than the ones of the 20th century, able to adapt to the changing conditions as living systems, more than as dead concrete bodies.
After the midterm elections he will likely be the lamest of lame duck presidents. Blaming Bush or blaming the Republicans will fall on deaf ears as he has long since expended this option to the point of its having become a joke.
There were many, many more people who spoke, but these two really
Free- Woman
In a mini-blog-series, called Two Lesbians, One Dream: Community and Gay Catholics, I’ll share some of our experiences and discoveries that have resulted from being in new forms of community this past year. The key posts/learnings/themes will be:
Owner LeAine Dehmer has pampered celebrities including the late Elizabeth Taylor, as well as clients Alicia Silverstone, Tracey Gold, and many more.
The greatest interest for me, in this book, is that the events immediately preceding my birth have passed into the historical record, and are now subjects of history in the same way that Victorian times were the subject of history when I first began reading seriously, a generation ago. It's all over and done with, the party passions are receding, and the Horrifying and the Exalting are both making their inexorable march into the Quaint. (And I, obviously, am headed that way myself.)
I’ve been staying at BFF2′s house a lot these past weeks and coming home to HM Boy and Girl on the weekends. I decided to come home tonight. And they chose tonight to get on it and munch on their words for hours. Right outside my fucking window. This isn’t the first time. And it being a Friday night gives me no satisfaction because I know they’re going to go all fucking night and I have shit to do tomorrow.
3) 3 Phoenix Coyotes @ 6 Chicago Blackhawks, 7 pm CNBC/PHX 2-1
Hello everyone! I hope this finds you all doing well. I honestly have not even glanced at blogs in 2 or more months and so I have no idea what I have missed. If we are facebook friends I catch bits and pieces but other than that I am lost. I am sorry for totally dropping off the radar but school has really been whipping up on me. I am actually coming of my 4 week break and school starts back next week for me. In the meantime I have applications for grad school to complete and get sent in, lots and lots of applications. I have no idea where I will end up, I am applying all over the place!
When you log on, you’ll get 2 stones (or rather, 1 stone). You’ll see a purple rock on the left side of your screen, which you can use to receive information about the event (LOL), and the Maple Admin will give you a stone in your set-up inventory.
*Failure to get 20 reps on any exercise in 1:15 will result in disqualification.
Hearing these stories makes me feel great! That’s exactly why I started writing the Madhouse. I knew how alone I felt, but I also knew that I wasn’t alone. There are so many other families struggling with the same issues (compliance, defiance, acceptance, compulsions, hyperactivity, moodiness, bi-polar, ADHD, OCD, ODD and a million other letter combinations) that I knew I wasn’t on my own even when I felt isolated.
Even if the funding project is incomplete. We'll still go on. We've already recorded many instruments and can complete it till September. But in tumblbug.com if the target isn't met within the specified time all funds EW refund to the people. Though we should open another page for Album selling, like bandcamp.com
fountain. Thou hast also washed us in the waters of regeneration, and given
Oh, and in case you're wondering, I used the Wilton buttercream frosting recipe to frost this cake. I've posted about this recipe before, and you can find that here. But here's the thing: that recipe, as it is, is disgusting. So here's how I ACTUALLY make my version of the Wilton buttercream frosting.
Well, I decided yesterday since there was not going to be any baseball on I'd stop at the local card shop and see if I could add anything interesting to the 2011 baseball card collection I am working on for my son.
My official time was 46:42. Considering I had to walk a portion of the course, I’m pretty happy with my time.
That's according to a new item on the blog Sports Media Watch (no relation), which notes that LeBron James and company on Fox Sports Ohio have the second highest rating nationwide among NBA, MLB and NHL teams at 8.59.
So, as usual, lots of great games, terrain and figures. A lot of zombie games. Probably one of the most popular genres.
About five months in, we experienced major problems and I was put on bed rest. Thankfully, it was two weeks from summer break and I had all summer long to do nothing at all so that I could do everything possible to get you here healthy. Towards the end of the summer, we set the date for your delivery.
And on each end of the rifle we’re the same.
Nestle worried that the food industry in general will use the icon to market foods, but USDA has issued a ten-page "MyPlate Style Guide and Conditions of Use" booklet to attempt to control its messaging tool. The booklet warns ALL users against altering the image in any way--no changes in typeface, color, or position of the food groups on the plate are allowed, for instance. and use of the icon doesn't imply that USDA endorses the food, according to the booklet.
well..it was also not on my stithcy list..
That's just one thing. One strange event. There are more, which kind of baffles my mind because they aren't everyday things.
I realize that Heracles’ story is very long, adding his and other stories would make the book huge, and apparently that’s not what Evslin was going for. Which is what sucks, because I loved the stories so much, and the way Evslin told them, that I really wanted a lot more.
If you’re getting into a fight with your dad or your mom and you’re about to ask them for the down payment on a new car, chances are you should keep you political leanings to yourself. However, if you’re arguing with your father-in-law and you’re secure in your marriage and you already have a home, PUSH THE ENVELOPE. Not so much that your wife leaves the Thanksgiving table crying, but enough that your dad-in-law knows you’re not a p*ssy and that this liberal/democratic/republican/libertarian thing is not a rash that’s going to go away. Ultimately – meaning like maybe for a millisecond right before his death – he will respect you for it.
This kArtIka mAsa, I have not been able to go piligrimaging to s’iva kSEtrAs as I liked to.
Brazil has been flirting with recession since the second half of last year as local manufacturers struggle with high business costs and a strong currency — a surprising letdown for an economy that had been among the world’s most vibrant.
K: Come to think of it, I feel better than I have in a long time. Medications are still working.
Keep is the main verb and we do that three ways:
I am a huge fan of cloth diapering. I just love it. It’s easy, it’s effective and it’s cheap. The investment is a one-time thing and once you get in the soaking and washing groove, it’s just a perfect diapering solution. I avoided cloth wipes for at the beginning of our cloth diapering transition because I thought it would just be an unnecessary step. Now that we’ve added them, they are something that every single cloth diapering family should be using.
the Corpse of JOHN
I believe Southampton have a good chance of staying up and St Mary’s will be rocking next season as they entertain the big boys of the Premier League once again. To make the season even sweeter while they are gaining promotion their local rivals have slipped into the third tier of English football.
(These tips can apply even if you don't have kids, but are working out of your home)
The agenda for both dates looks like this:
Bill Carney was kind enough to answer my interview questions.
You: Nikki
1. Charlotte's Web - White (1952)
Kudos to Erisman on this one. This is really remarkable stuff and one of the best whiskeys I've tried this year. Get some!
Dinner Lamb cutlets, new potatoes and veg
and I never gave it much thought until now.
This is the six book, Nerds Like It Hot, of the series Nerd by Vicki Lewis Thompson. With a handful of characters Thompson keeps the plot light even through all the action which they have to endure. All her characters keeps the dialogue goofy and fun as they proceed in protecting each other on this cruise.
~ A couple of months ago I purchased one of Erin Condren's Year Round Notebooks. While the blog world was oohing and aahing over the Life Planner, I just couldn't make myself love mine. But the notebook is different, and works perfectly for me. I don't have a ton of meetings/events that requires a lot of space for the day, but with the notebook I can just look at the entire month and fill in the smaller blocks. I have the meetings/appointments for the month, our cleaning schedule, weekly meals, and blog topics. In the back on the note pages, I compile my weekly grocery lists, and the lists of things I need to do. I LOVE LISTS, and the notebook portion of this plannerish book is perfect!
The one time god created itself in our image
And let’s not forget to mention that two of the swappers gave each of us samples of their recipe as additional gifts!
Robert Reich’s Aftershock: The Next Economy and America’s Future is sectioned into three parts. In the first two sections, Reich offers arguments for why America’s growing inequality is bad. The third offers ideas for fixing it.
The relationship of Sperm Sorting Function to menopause and fertility
Carolyn
The pangs of despised love, the law's delay,
Whattttttttt the heck I thought, well when Suzi showed me online, I truly about fell OVER! Really I did, it was SOOO AMAZING!
Everything we eat or take for our health has a pH ranking on the scale. Making choices before your put food in your mouth is one of the easier ways of prevention against acidosis. The effort to stay proactive with your pH is always worth it, because no one I know has the time to feel sick. Increasing alkalinity can bring you benefits like sleeping better and more soundly along with increased energy.
A couple of months ago a group of protesters went to the house of laws of Puerto Rico, they were there peacefully. They wanted to go and offer some solutions to what is going on in Puerto Rico, they wanted to read a manifest that would state how the country felt about the way things have been going. How were they received? They were violently kicked out of the building by force! The police force hit civilians indiscriminately, they didn’t care who they were hitting, these drones didn’t see a country crying out in pain, they saw something less then them. It was a horribly dark day in our history as far as I’m concerned. It was the day the government decided to do a show of force and scare its people. This is the kind of Puerto Rico I am living in. And this is why I need to see films like CHE and Romero. They let me see that I am not wrong in hating this kind of behavior from our government. When I see films that depict revolutionary leaders like Malcom X, Ernesto ‘Che’ Guevara, JFK, Martin Luther King, or even Ron Kovic (who’s story was brought to life in Oliver Stone’s Born on the Fourth of July) the question inevitably arises: where are our current revolutionary leaders? Can such a thing exist in today’s modern world? Or are people today so docile that no one is willing to stand up for what is right?
It becomes a daily rite, his watching of her watching the sunset, brought to life by one of the illustrations by Borges' sister, Norah Borges De Torre, stark black and white images that communicate something of the unbearable heat of the island.
It's what I always wanted,
Looking at my own children I find it hard to believe they have grown as much as they have. When did it happen? This sentiment permeates all the age ranges, from my sixteen year-old, all the way down to my one year-old. Each age and phase of their lives is priceless and worth taking time to enjoy. Of course we must carry on and update our goals along the way. But never forget that the moment at hand is the only one that is guaranteed, treasure it and enjoy them now.
My grandmother introduced me to Hot Dog Soup years ago. Her original version was delicious, easy and very kid friendly. Since I can never resist tweaking recipes to make them healthier, I changed this one a bit. My kids love it, and it's still extremely quick and simple to throw together.
Isn't it great how "they" want you to give up the things you enjoy, whatever they happen to be, so you'll live to a ripe old age? "Give up everything you like, and may you have a long, long, miserable effin' life?"
And then I thought of our souls. What happens to our souls when someone hurts us? When we see war? When we see devastation, homeless people or people starving? When we see joy, hear laughter, or feel love? People come in and out of our lives and we go in and out of people’s lives. Do we leave imprints on their souls in the same way people had left an imprint on this tree? Do the imprints stay longer after the fact? The answer is yes.
Well, how about this:
We serve a truly faithful God. There is none like Him; none so patient, so unchanging, so holy. He is all-knowing and all-seeing; He knows every thought and every motive of the heart…He sees our wickedness for what it truly is, and He loves us enough to walk through our transformation with us…for just as in breaking any addiction, do we struggle.
whose fairly accessible metered and rhymed poetry
Aside from these main components the KERS system also integrates with the FIA SECU in order to control and monitor the PCU. KERS has to be driver activated; this is achieved from a steering wheel button. Although the drive has to initiate the KERS boost, the teams set the system up such that the driver knows to engage the system out of specific corners, the system then delivers the predetermined amount of boost specific to the demands of that section of track. In practice the KERS systems is being charged and discharged to this preset map of activations. Which smoothes the balance between charging and discharging, so the system does not overcharge above the regulatory limit. Again the SECU ensures no more than the capped amount of energy is delivered each lap.
that you are pitiful,
Do you want to remove this package? y
But if I have an ingredient that is rare or just not popular in the States (potimarron, Jerusalem artichokes, etc), I turn to Marmiton. Marmiton is a less "professional" in that visitors to the site can post their versions of the recipes or even submit a recipe, but this often means they're more homey and less complicated.
In line with the same thought Bataille speaks of desire likening it to a “hallucinatory darkness” pushing one “towards craziness” and the escape of “illusion of any solid connection…to the world”. In his own words, Bataille writes with “unholy light-heartedness” and an irreverence bordering on sacrilege, most expressly conveyed in his dictum: “My true church is a whorehouse – the only one that gives me true satisfaction.” This statement is significant both in view of Bataille’s background – a staunch Chatholic upbringing he later renounced – and the continued pursuit of pleasure which came to define his “filthy night” ecstasies and his work. In Guilty, Bataille often talks of the “unquenchable thirst, the unconquerable cold” and that which is “intelligible only to the heart”. In another chapter, Angel, he forsakes what humankind has sought throughout the ages, “complete knowledge”, instead trying to understand the universe which “in the dead of its night” allows you to “discover its parts and in doing so discover yourself”. He further adds, with resigned acceptance, that “knowledge, like history, is incomplete” and argues that the paleolithic human search for “completeness of knowledge” is a fallacy like the idea of God “who is complete only to be imaginary.”
In third, is “How Will I Know” from her debut album. I loved the a cappella version sung by some of the better singers within the cast. This harmony then lead us straight into the story about how Whitney Houston becomes New Direction’s mission this week. They are weeks away from graduation and the kids were still hung up over the death of Whitney. It reminded Emma about how heartbroken she was over Princess Diana’s death when she was young and so Will thought it would be therapeutic and thought-provoking for his kids to sing about Whitney.
It happens every year. As the seasons change from Summer to Fall I start itching to put the garden away, to just be done with it. The things that didn't do as well as I hoped just irk me and I don't want to look at them anymore. The things that are doing better than I ever imagined just irk me and I don't want to look at them anymore.
The final product is a CD, DVD, or MP3. None of those formats are analog. I like using old instruments and amps, but it will always end up digital in the end. If there is frequent data loss and errors. . . drink less or learn more.
Positive thinking, on the other hand, can get you only so far. When that train of thought won't get you further, jump track and keep going by the power of God's grace. After all, you know Immanuel, God who is with us.
and several other regional and international ngos
Bad day x 1: I sat down with Zoomer this morning to give him one of his pills. He had woofed his cookies on the loveseat during the night. I found it with my butt. Wearing shorts. Welcome to MY world, lol!
Surely the answer to the question must come in the form of immediate dismissals of those principally responsible for the horrors of this spring moment at Duke. Coaches of the lacrosse team, the team itself and its players, and any other agents who silenced or lied about the real nature of events at 610 Buchanan on the evening of March 13, 2006. A day that, not even in a clichéd sense, will, indeed, always live in infamy for this university.
He initially determined that he would find a cure for cancer, but he soon found that that was not sufficient. He had to find a way to eradicate all disease, anything that could threaten to take his daughter, his second great love, away from him.
The question was not whether change would come about, but when. And how.
"My father told him that he was not able to give him an increase. He then advised him to learn a new trade and get alternative employment. He was lacklustre. My parents allowed him to stay until he got a new job," Jan said.
If we followed that paper's direction, we would as a result see a progression of failures in the "stolen children" issue – the authorities, the judiciary, the politicians and then the media. And, to complete the suite, the newspaper would silence the bloggers as well. When so much choice is an illusion, it seems that the only option The Guardian would allow us is between being uninformed or ill-informed.
The continuing focus on regional Australia has seen more funding being directed into regional tertiary education. 36% of Australian live in regional areas. Regional Australia lords over 67% of the national economic assets and economically productive activity.
Here are some of my favorite Patagonia picks:
Given their view of history, no event is "historic" to a Marxist unless that event is significant according to their historical theory. To Marxists like Obama, Pelosi and Reid, then, the passage of their health-care legislation, which nationalizes one-sixth of the economy, is "historic" because the prophesied socialist revolution has arrived.
Bringing Up the Bottom:
Garam masala- 1/2 tsp
But this is nothing new. The police state operations are already in full swing throughout America, so that is probably why no one bothered to protest. They are already accustomed to being treated like cattle, so what is a little more? It is already being done on the train systems in Florida:
Pelican Pub & Brewery
Here’s some flea powder cause you’re making me itch!
There may be some truth to this idea. When we greet someone it is customary to ask the routine question, how are you? We don’t expect anyone to actually tell us. We expect the equally routine response, I’m fine, how are you? We would be quite surprised and probably annoyed and uncomfortable if they went on and on about all of their problems and issues. The point being is that it is polite to ask someone how they are but we don’t really want to know. Most of us expect other people to keep their real feelings quietly to themselves just as we keep our feelings to ourselves.
Overall, the theme of the movie came through, but the characters and the plot were not what did it. In the end it was Gekko.
SO...what's a reader to do? I think we need to start changing the way we buy books. The bookstores, remember, are reacting to what they see on the cash register reciepts-nothing more. But there are ways to show them what books we want to read, beyond the bestsellers.
1st, yes, I am alive. And yes, I actually have been eating the last 6 or so months, even though I haven't been telling you about it. To be honest, I haven't tried many new things and when I have, they just haven't been that exciting. But, I think last night might have got me back in the swing of things food-wise!
NOTE: Thus saith the LORD, which giveth the sun for a light by day, and the ordinances of the moon and of the stars for a light by night, which divideth the sea when the waves thereof roar; The LORD of hosts is his name: If those ordinances depart from before me, saith the LORD, then the seed of Israel also shall cease from being a nation before me for ever. Thus saith the LORD; If heaven above can be measured, and the foundations of the earth searched out beneath, I will also cast off all the seed of Israel for all that they have done, saith the LORD.
In the current world marketplace, writers needs to balance the possibility of success against the almost inevitable threat of obscurity, given the number of competitors involved.
My MRI has been rescheduled to April 1st. Happy April Fool's to me
So after the braiding is done, you need to lay things out to sew. Here are the ends of the scarf. You have a braid (1), a solid piece (2), and a braid (3) and that same thing on the other end (4, 5, 6). With all the braiding, the solid piece ends up being longer than the braided pieces. That's okay. You can snip that off because you'll need it later.
Interesting what myths we build of our nation's beginnings and how these shape our national identity. In the United States, the earliest settlers came in search of religious freedom, that no government could tell a group of believers what to do, thus rebellion from the earliest days, culminating in separation from the homeland and a historical separation of church and state. Land was wrested from resident Indians, and this very rich land led settlers to move west in a stubborn, restless search for Nirvana, under no man's thumb.
So many blogs...so little time. With so many wonderful art blogs to follow, it is difficult to always find the time to keep up with every new post -- let alone have the time to visit the posts that were put up before you discovered each blog.
However, Mr Tan emphasized that we have to treat every worker equally, regardless of where they come from. He ended the interview by proclaiming his ‘love’ for fellow Singaporeans:
The last element is optional! The code example from Securimage includes this javascript (client-side) so we will start with that. This element though optional is very important. Because of all the ways in which this image obfuscates the string (distortion, lines, etc) it is possible that the image generated on occasion will be indecipherable. This element allows the User to request a new security image without submitting the form. In the example above the User would click the ‘Different Image’ and once again the ‘src’ is pointed to the ‘securimage_show.php’ file and a new Securimage Class object is instantiated. I’m not sure what the Math.random() function is doing.
In a desperate effort to chain himself and his party to power Mr. Chryssohoides, Minister for the protection of the citizen (an elegant term meaning ministry of public order..), has announced the creation of detention centers for illegal immigrants. The very real problem of illegal immigration, a problem Greece shares with the rest of Europe, has become – without ever being named – the central problem of the Greek crisis to the delight of the exreme right neo nazi group “Golden Dawn”. Rising unemployment, poverty and criminality are blamed on the “xenoi” – the foreigners. The Greek public has been trying to comprehend all the new terms of PSI, haircuts, bonds, British law and so on. This latest, subtly suggested reply to the crisis is much more easily understandable.
God loves praises of all kinds. But I also believe that some are more precious than others, simply because they are more costly. I can think of nothing more costly than a cold and broken hallelujah. It is not the shout of the jubilant celebrant. Neither is it a show of religious fervor. It is the anguished cry of submission of a shattered soul. It is sacrfice in the midst of gut-wrenching pain. It’s laying it all down in the garden and saying “ok…do it Your way”.
It says the locution might nowadays be considered “simply another idiomatic usage” had Campbell not noticed it, and that it is “a venial fault” since readers are not confused by it. After examining the various ways punctuation can affect the construction, MWDEU concludes that it “need not be routinely revised out of general writing that does not strive for elevation”.
“The deportment of some villagers didn’t go unnoticed either.
Dr. Arthur Hayward from Portland, Oregon is a first-time Project HOPE volunteer. He is serving as an internal medicine physician aboard the USS Iwo Jima and ashore in Costa Rica and Guatemala.
I am working on my Project Life and will share that at some point... I am loving it!!
and spontaneously with camera in hand
How to win: On April 21st, I’ll post a list of links to all the entries, along with a reader poll. I will leave this poll up for a week and then it will be closed at some point on April 28th.
Age 3 is a leaky homemade raft in shark-infested Class 10 rapids over a sharp-boulder-encrusted cold river.
Now begins the next phase where I start manufacturing interest in crap sports like soccer and T-ball so Spenser and Holly can experiment with their own athleticism but I’ve got to imagine even those sports are better than what I’ll experience with violin and piano lessons. Maybe they’ll be expert mimes.
S-T-R-E-S-S. That little word sends shudders through most people. Everyone knows the feeling, your heart starts racing, you start sweating through that meticulously ironed shirt of yours, you feel like you just might faint…
Over the holidays, I picked up a couple books from the library in the kids section. One my Goodreads list said I'd read before, but I didn't recognize the stories. Hmm. Well, I read it (again) and loved it. Twelve stories with unicorns of many forms fill A Glory of Unicorns edited by Bruce Coville. He also wrote the first story in the collection, The Guardian of Memory. Some of the stories take place in fantastical settings like in The New Girl, some might be our own backyard like in Tearing Down the Unicorns.
Sheiner EK; Sheiner E, Carel R, Potashnik G, Shoham-Vardi L. Potential association between male infertility and occupational psychological stress. J Occup Environ Med 2002; 44: 1093-1099.
It certainly did! On the subject of research, Satish is a cardiologist and the hospital scenes feel really authentic. Can you tell us how you made sure the medical details in the novel were accurate?
descend the hill
My husband and I just got back from a wonderful trip visiting family and friends in Washington State. Here are some things I love most about going to Washington: Getting to stay in the most comfy, cozy, they-left-the-light-on-for-you house in all the world (Mom and Dad's); going to church at Bethel and seeing all the familiar faces; experiencing Pike Place Market for the umpteenth time; sipping a hot drink from the original Starbucks; watching the Flying Fish; seeing the Seattle skyline; HOPEFULLY seeing Mt. Rainier (when it's not covered by clouds); going shopping with Mom (there's no shopping partner quite like her); seeing all the green trees; catching up with old friends; eating Salmon - really, really FRESH salmon; eating at Chevy's; Chicken Teriyaki (although we past on that this trip). Of course, these are just to name a few.
pre-recorded videos of a backing band. Nick has also played in the
Roger Ebert called A Separation the best movie of last year, and if I had seen it in 2011, I would have agreed with him. Unfortunately, it didn’t come here until 2012, but the wait was worth it, as this film is of such powerful depth and magnitude. A Separation tells the story of intersecting lives and more importantly the story of a society caught between tradition and modernity. Simin, wanting to provide more opportunities for her daughter, wishes to leave Iran, but her husband, Nader, feels that he must stay and take care of his father, who is suffering from Alzheimer’s disease. They decide to get a divorce and go their separate ways, but, in a masterful opening shot, the court denies their plea. Simin decides to live with her mother until Nader grants permission for her to obtain the divorce, and a whole series of events falls into motion.
“Udasi has professionally handled many emergency and complicated cases on life-saving childbirths,” Aparajita Gogoi, national coordinator, White Ribbon Alliance India, told IANS.
Tabarnacle -SOLD OUT!-London
This scene from the Disney attraction "Pirates of the Caribbean" impressed me when I first saw it many years ago at DisneyWorld in Florida. I loved all the expression and action. These days it seems quite dated, although the last time I was in DisneyWorld, three years ago, they did have Johnny Depp as Captain Jack Sparrow (from the movie version) in many of the scenes. That is fun, though the ride is still a bit of a bore.
I have hinted to the fact that we are experiencing technical issues here at “Three Dogs At Home” I have spent the last 10 days trying to correct all the issues and recreate the posts that were lost.
With New Year’s Eve upon us, many of us will be celebrating with friends over supper – whether it be elaborate or simple, no matter. It’s the thought behind the menu that keeps it interesting, and, of course, the company.
I thought it would be good to get to spend at least a couple of days together and
I used Our Daily Bread designs It Is Well With My Soul Hymn BG, and airbrushed it with Copics. I used The Mighty Sea for my focal point, stamping with Memento and coloring with Copics. I piereced around the edges, added some twine and sea shell charms, and left it simple for a masculine card.
5th December - Sunday
9:30 – 10:30 a.m.– Ginko
logical, until I met her
(Witness our very own state senator who was recently caught at a loss on national TV and has been widely ridiculed, but who is, I believe, a really good legislator and a decent guy.)
all done! I was a happy girl with a sore back (story of my life) after this!
Miller has offered the free rides for 23 years across the country on different holidays, but this is the first time it's been offered in Baltimore.
The issue shifted to cost versus available talent, a practical dilemma. Moreover, all costs were out of pocket, and few of us are rich. I was blessed in having access to the Center for Cartoon Studies, which is located in White River Junction, Vermont. I saw CCS’s student artwork online and was impressed. Good artists can also be found online at Deviant Art, which is an excellent venue for anyone considering hiring an artist.
Do you follow your team that closely?
Last night, as I fell asleep, that quote from The Sound of Music popped into my head.
For if the boss, the chief, the chap at the top
THIRSTY PLANET BREWING Buckethead IPA
Nick: “What do they got?”
Nothing, no life form, no experience, is second hand because all play their part in the whole and realize the primacy of each others' moment as One existence.
basil (optional)
I'll go ahead and warn you- these photos aren't the greatest of my feet.
Tools Needed:
- On that note, I am putting a lot of hope on this being a “Great Memory” experience. Oh, I do build things up in my head. Sometimes, just to come crashing down. I’m trying to be realistic here. Nothing can ever live up to my expectations.
Should I fret over dysfunctionality? Give that a rest.
It must be stressed that you shouldn’t want or need to judge your parents, only to understand them. We simply want to understand if they were cheap, unashamed, uneducated, fearful, abused or bad-tempered, whether there were circumstances that continued to shape their own personalities and fed their own fears and insecurities. We can’t judge them because the past is unchangeable. You are not responsible for any of it. We’re just trying to understand because, like it or not, the world into which you were born shaped who you are. The world into which they were born, shaped who they were as they were raising you.
First up, the Top Mouse awards for Sketch Challenge #21!!! Wow, did you ladies blow us away with all the goodness this week! I do believe every one of you got a vote!
We are still open to guest posting. We prefer all guest posts to be centered around writing, editing, publishing, or anything else that deals with the writing world.
If I truly listen to God’s word, and put it into practice, I can indeed experience that kind of contentment. It’s true.
5 6.5oz cans minced clams in clam juice
Jo Yoonseok may be the most interesting man in Korean indie scene. Not only is he a gifted singer/songwriter, he has a doctorate in chemistry. Although Lucid Fall’s style may be a little too calm for TV, Jo’s former band Misoni (미선이) had plenty of interesting and dynamic numbers. It will also be an interesting test for the show itself: can the audience tolerate a string of very calm and sensitive songs?
So far these ones whom claim to hold rein are not of seeing much of “Change” in their opinions. As there are still those whom “MOVE” forward towards them doing JUST what they are moving against which is DEMAND for change or Control of that/those changes.
** get scuba certified **
On a more serious note, do you know how much money is spent on them each year here in the UK? The British Retail Consortium estimates 500MILLION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We are all settled now in the new house, my fiance and I LOVE IT as does lil George. 'Wooooowwww' to everything in sight.
My trick is that I don’t just plan for a week at a time - I do it a month ahead.
I laughed as she closed the door. I thought it was kind of funny, and I am quite sure she was WAY more embarrassed than me. (Though it was me with the bare ass.)
Anyways, all I have to say is. . .
2 tablespoons fish sauce
It's been a while. Sorry about that.
The story of the Tower of Babel is familiar with many Christians and also non-Christians. It is a lesson about development. Development happens when people agree about what they want to do, why they want to do it, and how they want to do it. But when there is no common language to use, development breaks down. The lesson is that communication is very important. Without it, development breaks down and becomes meaningless.
This is just a gimmick, and the fact that they really just added alcohol to Bud Light doesn’t make it drinkable. In fact, I’d rather drink my two Bud Lights and enjoy them rather to get the same alcoholic effect than to feel like “eh, I just drank a sub par beer.”
* Cuttlebug embossing folder: D'vine Swirls
Toby
I made Hummus the day before, and had steamed cabbage with mint and garlic, so two features of my lunch were ready.
All my love to you always…..
26 May 2011: Lateline: Big tobacco takes fight o’seas: evidence that a former US ambassador to the World Trade Organisation has been lobbying Malaysia to oppose the Australian Government’s proposal.
There was indeed an unexpected twist in Shankar’s life.
There should be mandatory, general training for new employees or for agents (on a weighted risk basis) as part of the employee indoctrination process, but it should also be tailored to the specific risks associated with specific posts. The Guidance indicates that a company should tailor its training to the special needs of those involved in any procedures and higher risk functions such as purchasing, contracting, distribution, marketing, and those working in high risk countries. It is important to note that for training to be effective it should be continuous, regularly monitored and evaluated.
08. Heartless
No! It's not. Because, you see, my particular brand of insanity is catching.
Friday was an good day (Aren't Fridays always good days?). I was a bit bummed after getting all dressed up as a detective on Monday only to not get used (for those who haven't read my previous posts, this is for the Die Hard 5 movie that is filming now here in Budapest). Friday morning made up for it when I got a message from an assistant director asking if I would be willing to come out on June 4th for a 'New York' airport scene. Of course I would! Are you kidding me?
-off the back Kane corners Orton.
ETA: Also, I forgot to note that I do wonder if B is really shutting down the place because I did that fucked up thing where I made the comments go backwards-wise and I never figured out how to fix it and everyone just hella hates it still. My bad, y'all. I broke the place.
Standing in the back of the room like a swaggering peafowl was a rugged fellow well over six feet tall ... a flannel shirt with rolled sleeves exposed strong, sinewy arms and scruffy locks of auburn hair lay crammed 'neath a well-worn newsboy hat ... more notable was the intimidatingly icy stare and persistent sneer on his sparsely whiskered face ... hovering around the imposing hulk was a group of smaller lads which in appearance seemed to be equally as tough ... however, truth be told ... they were terrified of him ... as were the rest of his classmates ... many grown men around those parts had no desire to tussle with this overgrown behemoth ... the infamous Bartholomew Goodfellow ...
Pressing cider is certainly a group effort. While one person presses, another person has to hold the jug to fill. This year I feel, we are just getting used to this contraption, what it can do, how the juice tastes, what different things we can press. Next year I want to host a cider pressing party.
Jesus.
**For every pound of duck**
Business obligations lasted a few hours, and then I was all over that ship like a mad thing...This Ship has more nooks and crannies than a loaf of old Swiss cheese. Two hours on Her is like Nothing. She is beautiful. A few weeks is what you need.
as i go.
Of hills, and dales, and woods, and lawns, and spires,
In the camps, internees were seen more as prisoners of war than as civilians.
Yes folks Punts, real money
He succeeds in creating a moody atmosphere, specifically in a scene wherein Lane and Poli stumble upon a seemingly deserted shantytown, as the couple investigate further, a horse-drawn carriage passes them by, missing its human occupant. A scene which might actually hold weight in a straight laced horror film, is in this instance, simply overlooked.
I’ve been told it’s hard to find a good man these days. So wannabe girlfriend Dora went looking on-line for one. I know several instances where meeting a partner on-line worked and the couples are happily married. Those people did their homework and were cautious. I don’t know if Dora was drinking or desperate that night but dear Dora wasn’t very smart. She should have stayed at home. But no-o-o-o, instead she decided to meet up with Kevin Gaylor, a 24 year old Colorado Springs jerk. I can’t even guess what kinds of internet interactions had previously transpired between those two but Dora decided to get “better acquainted” with Kevin at 3 a.m. He had invited her over to his place. (I’d like to think that darling Dora just got off work at the Waffle House and decided to stop by Kevin’s for a beer. But I suspect she used very poor judgement.)
Then began the annual debate as to who would be the first-foot. For the uninitiated, in Scotland and the North East of England in particular, a first-foot is the first person to cross the threshold on New Year's day who brings good fortune for the coming year. Rules have relaxed slightly in that the first-foot can be a member of the household but they must be outside before the stroke of midnight. Tradition has it they should be a tall dark-haired male.
Most people could never uphold that big of a lie in their own life — so they certainly don’t think it could happen on a worldwide stage.
I am not a Part of any political party…. I am not a supporter of MLN (Muslim league noon)or i ma not waiting for PTI ……. tsunami Party of Imran Khan….and I really don’t want to be a part of this mess…but what I really need is Work…..Work for justice,work for stop wasting time for such an unimportant stuff…..
The new campaign from the American Heart Association introduces Hands-Only™ CPR — a two-step technique that involves: (1) calling 9-1-1 and (2) pushing hard and fast in the center of the chest until help arrives. Bystanders are urged to act immediately, using this new technique, when an adult collapses.
It's not her fault.
She was more importantly significant to her son (Chaz Shepherd (my friend)) and to the lives of young women in Philadelphia where she had taught dance for quite some time. She had also mentored those same young women whom she taught.
And stared at me as I crawled out from under the bed.
When planting a spring garden, lettuce is an easy choice. Who doesn't love a crisp, garden fresh salad to accompany most any meal! Lettuce was first domesticated in Egypt from a 'weed' of the Aster family, but has been selectively bred and manipulated for a couple thousand year to become the widely variable and colorful kitchen staple we know today.
I hoped we made your day! ♥ We love you so much and we hope to have more time with you! Keep on dancing seonsaengnim! and Hwaiting! ♥
I start many of my plants from seed but never seem to remember what I planted where....and those white plastic garden markers a bit pricey for my taste. So I searched around the house for something I could use.
So what did we eat...
And that's it. And the goal, although it won't be incredibly easy, is to try and maintain the same schedule through the upcoming weekends. This gives the kids 19 days of consistency to get ready for back to school.
Before 1834, the position of mayor had been appointed by the Common Council of the city, an unelected job that was shaped more by the political favoritism of governors and city alderman (who were elected) than by any particular leadership characteristic. This was finally amended by New York state in 1834, allowing for the mayor's job to be popularly elected. And, not surprisingly, that first election was an absolute, chaotic mess.
I said earlier that the Universe is very large. I lied. It’s INFINITELY large. If that wasn’t enough, it’s also expanding at an exponential rate. Yes. Something infinitely large is getting bigger and bigger. This does rather beg the question, what happens next? Well, there seem to three schools of thought: open, flat, and closed. Thus far, ok. If the universe is ‘open’, it would expand for an infinite period of time. If, however, the universe is ‘flat’, it would likewise expand forever, but it would stop expanding after an infinite period of time. Er. Right. HOW DOES SOMETHING STOP AFTER AN INFINITE PERIOD OF TIME? I could have sworn that was impossible. Bloody douche bag phenomena.
Markowitz and hoops
Get 15% off Bridesmaids orders (Bride must have purchase her wedding gown to receive the 15% off offer)
Department: IS&T
Festival Office of St. Martin de Porres
- 80gr salted butter
what they did not
Fear has many disguises; we invite you to be honest and courageous as you look within and acknowledge how fear is woven into your thoughts and actions. Negativity is certainly a disguise for fear; notice if you continue to judge and find fault in others and in your reality. Worry is a subtle construct of fear that is very habit forming. We observe how easily humans find things to “worry about.” There is also the suppressive fear of depression, the heaviness of spirit, disheartened and discouraged. There are anxieties, apprehensions, and mistrust in the goodness of life, all forms of fear.
850 D-III/19/1983. “On the Fifth Book of Aristotle’s Nicomachean Ethics.” Memphis State University, Memphis, Tennessee.
Area police have filed a FIR and started investigation.
We sliced them up, sampled each of them, and debated on the best. The caramel del sel was fantastically rich, and the bacon donut was suprisingly satisfying, but the best may have been the simple lemon thyme (though no one else would agree with me, probably).
Some of that intensification will come from rules that regulators are still putting together from the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. They haven’t even decided on some basic definitions and objectives that will guide regulation. Phrases such as “harmonizing fiduciary standards” might sound arcane, but they can change the way producers sell.
. . . the plastic Hipstamatic camera mask 4 my iPod Touch . . . thanks for stirring the sediment Mr Mike . . . no . . . I made some changes to the original item . . . masking tape and spray paint . . . it’s not finished . . . yet.
Okay Simply B fans, it's time for Simply Challenge #3 over at simplybettystamps.blogspot.com and we would love for you to play along. This month's challenge is "celebrations" and I know you can come up with something awesome for this one.
“Uh huh,” he nodded.
what the other has been doing. Bound to each other
For the most part, Body Pump never gets boring. You are constantly challenging your muscles in new ways.
Chief Executive, Brian Brick, said “The kids are wearing suits a bit more. they go clubbing in a suit and they want to dress up more”.
I'm sure this doesn't look this orange on somebody else, but on my cool skin tone it just turns horrible. So to make it better I tried a little stamping using my m60 plate and China Glaze Liquid Leather. I did like how it turned out and I wore this combo for around 2 days. Not bad considering the color.
I had the pleasure, during much of July and August, of witnessing the coming-of-age of a pair of young cardinals. They're siblings, and often squabbled, as sibs will do. But they're just as cute as cute can be. Evidence follows.
* 3 tbsp butter
For a variety of reasons unique to each of us, we find ourselves with the following circumstances in common.
Somebody else was trying to tell me earlier this year that US Presidents had been forever thus, naming JFK as “the example par excellence”. I am not a Kennedy revisionist: I don’t think it matters that JFK was hopeless as a Congressional persuader, and had the sort of sexual appetite to make Strauss-Kahn look like a monk. He gave people hope – and had the guts to back it up with something solid. He got elected through his father’s contacts and money, but told Joe Kennedy he wouldn’t pay any ‘debts’ (in the form of favours) the old man owed bosses and gangsters in key areas like Chicago. These two things almost certainly got him killed, but for my generation, JFK was, truly, an inspiration.
I thought I'd update you all in case I go into labor before Friday! We're soooo close to meeting lil man!!!
World Magazine published a series of articles on what the world would look like in 2025. This classic statement came from an article by Phillip Johnson.
This is not a comment on the excellent City of Thieves, reviewed below, but a long wail about why so many books are called "City of ...." I have perpetrated five such books myself in the Stravaganza sequence with another to come (City of Swords) in 2012.
1; idea
Then I used Publisher to create the image on the tan cardstock, selecting a plus-shaped flourish - which I made red in color-and overlaying the numbers in the Captain Howdy font. The size for these is 4"x6" so that there would be about 1/2" of the blue peeking out as the border.
He pretty much told me to shut up and go to sleep.
7. Tour of the Deep Ocean 14:39
Joseph doesn’t try to be like anyone, nor does he compare himself to anyone who may have died for the faith, or one who prays more hours a day than he did. Nowhere does it say he asked God to show him his plan for his life. Nor did Joseph aspire to be a politician so he could save his nation from communism. He did not run off to attend a seminary to earn degrees so he could be called reverend.
When will we realise that there is NO negotiating with despotic regimes?
Now, whether or not this is related to my post, I don’t know. But I believe it might be, as around the time I was first called “B.S.C.” I also gave Rosa the rapper name “Lil’ Intestine.” But when I read that status, I laughed for…probably about a week. It was ingenious beyond belief, I mean that’s real wit. Chronic illness meets literary pun – I love it. Rosa is, easily, the funniest person I know. She’s like a modern Oscar Wilde, if Oscar Wilde wrote facebook statuses instead of plays. And I don’t say that lightly! And not to be all Hipster about this, but I’ve been a big fan of Rosa’s writing waaaay before she published her first book.
This is the third and final part of my Italy trip, and this was probably my favorite part of the trip. This experience was a life-changing experience because the things I saw really made me fall in love with culture and archaeology, and made me pick anthropology as my major.
“Erm,” I stumbled, “Is everything alright there? I can call back later.” I stalled, not quite knowing why.
Animal rights advocates occasionally pick fights with sustainable meat producers (such as Joel Salatin), as Jonathan Safran Foer does in his recent vegetarian polemic, Eating Animals.
Get up. Breakfast with my family. Take the girls to school then write until it’s time to pick them up. When everyone’s gone to sleep I do the non-writing stuff, like this blog interview. Things spill into the weekends but I’m trying to get better at keeping the work limited to weekdays. Still, come Sunday evening, I feel the urge to start working. Not necessarily story-telling but I like to clear things out of the way so Monday kicks off with pure writing, not paperwork.
What Can't Be Erased
He wrote sonnets to the boy, urging him to marry, most likely to marry his own daughter, a marriage that, like his own, was being pressed upon the young ward by his guardian. But the many references to mothers in the early sonnets, to parents, to marrying, to having children in order to pass along his beauty through them, suggest that the loss of Mary, of the dreams that she aroused in him, dreams of eternal love, married happiness and beautiful children, had never died, but slept, waiting to be reborn in these sonnets to her son.
development.
After this little lecture it's now time for some serious fun :-))
The Hello is stamped onto one of the Two Tags dies. Finished off with a Chantilly Crochet Trim bow.
Until next time, keep an eye out for NEWSTUFF!
I believe Jason because Jason didn't know I'd written anything on my blog therefore I don't require the 'other side to the story'.
Hiding behind this description is the next generation four-wheel drive with which Audi combines the advantages of the proven quattro drive with the potential of electromobility. To this end one vehicle axle is powered conventionally, the second by electric motors.
﻿﻿ Currently I'm working on a new range of robots - less metalic, more colour (just for now, at least). Originally intended for kids at my fairs (with kiddy prices), these geeky little fellas and gals have appealed more to teenagers and adults so far...though my son, Jason (3), certainly loves them and has become my quaility control tester. As you can see, below, his job is to pull them apart soon after baking, so that I can permanently fix the bits and pieces in with ultra super duper super glue! Past that, they're virtually indestructable!
These tales have a certain form, which should help the players design them about their character's fathers. It starts with a statement of relationship, then a description of the excellence of the man and those things he owned. Then it outlines a problem, adds an opponent, then makes it very clear that the opponent is terrible and potent. Next it praises the bravery and skill with which the relative overcomes the menace. It then concludes with the receipt of his just reward. Characters who make up a story about their fathers may make checks on Honesty, Pride and Orate. If they critically succeed on the Orate roll, they may check Love (family), as it gives them a deeper insight into the greatness of their father's bloodline.
Thomes said the low rates will have an effect on product pricing because of companies’ low return from treasuries and other bonds. Of course, low returns on annuities also make them a tough sell, although they tend to give consumers a better return than CDs.
you'll be washing and touching up those walls frequently.
I'm crushed. That's what happens when you wait. )c:
My first time in Bulgaria.
(note, this is the exact same story THE WHOLE TIME)
For Edward and I, adjusting to Eleanor (who is delightful, smells delicious and is, in general, gorgeous) is like nothing. We already had 9 months of me sleeping like crap, so getting 3 to 4 hours a night in a row is a total bonus. Plus, and maybe I shouldn’t say this but…, she’s perfect and so much easier than Vince ever was as a newborn.
I would like to enter this into the following:
1.Night
I was devastated when they closed, and even though they have another location, it’s just not the same. While we were having dinner, the oddest thing happened: my ex walked in (if you’ve read my “E p i p h a n y” post, this is the man I was discussing). He didn’t see me at first, so when he was about to pass me, I figured I should say hi, and introduce him to The MIC. This was important because my ex swore up and down that The MIC and Sam wouldn’t last more than a few months and I wanted to show him how wrong he was, and I wanted to show MIC off to him. I touched his arm as he was walking by, and I introduced him to MIC. That was probably a mistake because he text’d me the entire night afterwards, asking me questions about my relationship; clearly, he wasn’t JUST interested in us being friends. Technically, my ex was cock-blocking. Big time. I had to nip that in the bud because he was being rude and inconsiderate, so I just ignored him and focused on the time I was spending with my MIC. We had a good night. But that was normal for us (smile).
Meo SA, Al-Khlaiwi T. Health hazards of welding fumes. Saudi Med J 2003; 24: 1176-1182.
to admire its displays.
90% of the media who blasted Irvin’s ‘baggage’ don’t know him on a personal level and are way too quick to jump conclusions on his wrongdoings.
Today may bring feelings of boldness and the desire to be outgoing. Your confidence allows you to express yourself more publicly than usual. Remember that being extroverted does not mean being overbearing, but being comfortable in your own skin wherever you are, and fearlessly shining your light for all to see. It doesnt mean we forget to be kind to others either, but perhaps we share our kindness rather than holding back. This energy can mean you smile at more strangers or even chat with them, or perhaps you might share a perceived weakness with a coworker without fear of it reflecting negatively upon you. It could mean you share that much-loved inspiration with someone who you feared might laugh at it or reject it, but now you can let it be heard without that fear.
As we walked across the orchard, fruit destined for the shelves of Tesco and Sainsbury’s in the UK was still being picked. A tractor passed a 10ft cross erected in honour of the murdered farmer.
I sprayed it and flew through Topanga Canyon onto Malibu and landed on the wet sand next to the Pacific. A campfire on the beach burned sandal wood and vetiver.
Click to edit the picture link, which will open the link box for you as you see here.
I often times have realised,
When Cassel's oldest brother is murdered, the Feds recruit Cassel to help make sense of the only clue—crime-scene images of a woman in red gloves. But the mob is after Cassel too—they know how valuable he could be to them. Cassel is going to have to stay one step ahead of both sides just to survive. But where can he turn when he can't trust anyone—least of all, himself?
Obama should get beyond his own narcisism and realize that, win or lose in November, he’s just a temporary part of something that’s bigger than himself.
and this time it's all about ...
What is the benefit of the flap?
It is true that Commonwealth Act No. 671 does not expressly say that the President is authorized to promulgates rules and regulations until the date of the adjournment of the next regular session of the National Assembly or Congress as the above-quoted Commonwealth Acts; but it is also true that it clearly provides that “pursuant to the provisions of Article VI, section 26, of the Constitution, the President is hereby authorized, during the existence of the emergency, to promulgate such rules and regulations as he may deem necessary to carry out the national policy declared”; and that the definite and specific emergency therein referred to is no other that the “state of total emergency as a result of war involving the Philippines”, declared in the title of said Act No. 671, that was the reason for which the President was “authorize to promulgate rules and regulations to meet resulting emergency.” It is obvious that what Act No. 671 calls “total emergency” was the invasion and occupation of the Philippines by the enemy or Japanese forces which, at the time of the passage and approval of said Act, had already landed in Philippine soil and was expected to paralyze the functioning of the Congress during the invasion and enemy occupation of the Philippines.
No crib for His bed
Section 10.3 of this report discusses waste, defined as “normal operating losses” (NOL) which occur “when quantities of plutonium, determined by measurement, or estimated on the basis of measurement, are intentionally removed from inventory as waste because they are technically or economically unrecoverable…some examples of waste are discharges to cribs, tanks, settling ponds or to waste disposal facilities generically referred to as burial sites.” (pg. 55) This report lists Rocky Flats (1.0 MT), the Hanford site (1.1 MT), Los Alamos National Laboratory (0.6 MT) and the Savannah River site (0.5 MT) as the repositories of the largest amount of plutonium waste resulting from normal operating losses. This report goes on to qualify the 3.4 MT figure as actually being 3.9 metric tons due to a variety of bookkeeping discrepancies that are described in Appendix B of this report, giving a final figure 3,919 kg of plutonium in waste inventories. This contrasts with 99.5 metric tons (99,500 kg) of plutonium in nuclear weapons in active service, awaiting dismantling at Pantex or in storage as previously listed. This raises the following enigma:
She wished that she could be sure that her daughters could be safe when they go out at night.
My being trembles of delight
Also, for being the capitol of the United States, I really think DC might be in another country. Driving in there is like driving in a mix of Paris and India. There are endless, massive turning circles. Tunnels that go under the circles. Turning squares (I have no idea what that is still). No pattern to what is a two-way and what is a one-way street. And all of the traffic lights are on poles next to the street, never actually on or over it. Last time I went there I came to an intersection of a circle within a circle. There were five traffic lights facing me. I had to guess which one was mine.
It would have been a good day regardless, but I was glad to it ended on a positive fish catching note.
Pink Niagara Dress
A Canadian woman and three children were recently murdered in yet another islamic so called "honor killing", there were plenty of warnings that these people were in danger (in their own home), but Canadian authorities utterly failed to act on those ample warnings out of fear that perpetually offended muslims would become "offended". The girls were killed by their father, the murdered woman was one of his "wives" (islam permits and encourages polygamy, along with murdering fellow muslims deemed "un-islamic" - when a muslim murders members of his own family in accordance with the brutal misogynistic sharia law, it is called an "honor killing"), the murderer freely and proudly admitted what he had done, and also admitted that he did it for islam. Via Closet Conservative:
angels will walk next to me,
And I've finally perfected my own "green" recipe:
Virgin sacrifices to idols were a common practice in this era. Therefore, it can easily be concluded that Lot was offering his daughters as a virgin sacrifice to appease the mob in an effort to protect the visitors.
Fifteen years ago, Sheila was hired as one of many receptionists at a huge firm. She went from receptionist to secretary, and now, she has just been promoted to office manager, where she will supervise those she used to work with. Through the years, Sheila has had to take on duties that were outside of her job description, often serving as a personal assistant instead of a business associate. Having to perform and deliver under unreasonable deadlines and conditions, and often not receiving credit for the successful outcomes, Sheila now understands how the skills of lower level employees are under-utilized and undervalued in her organization.
Party on, Wayne-
Too long indoors I began to wonder, can so called "inanimate" objects have soul after all? Is the soul quality of an image coming from the subject or coming from the observer? Would I still find joy in the ordinary and the everyday if I couldn't get out?
PC Mini Games
For anyone interested in meeting experts and discussing these issues, Ethical Corporation is hosting a session on exactly this topic on May 8th in London. See more about it here. Companies involved include Procter & Gamble, SC Johnson, Interface and Deckers Outdoor.
Have you noticed more flags being flown from other countries instead of Old Glory? Did you know that more Mexican flags fly from houses, cars and establishments in California more than the Stars and Stripes? Have you noticed what has happened to the Golden State? Texas? Arizona? How about Georgia or Miami, Florida?
The leaders conferred with the most expert bankers and came up with a solution: Nuclear financial explosives would be used to create a massive European Bailout Fund
It works! Try it. So I always think of that exact story and the four of them when I make banana bread.
Knowing many people have to take a packed lunch when they travel to their nearest IKEA (ie. it's a looong way) I can hardly complain about the 40 minute drive though it would be nice to have an IKEA just around the corner from home (then again, no matter what, a trip to IKEA always seems to leave me with a much lighter wallet than intended so maybe it's a good thing!).
So I finally got on medicaid. A process that was a lot shorter than I expected it to be. Everything was taken care of over the internet and phone, so that took a lot of the stress off of me.
4) Kenwyne Jones was handed a rare start, and indeed nearly made the perfect start when his tidy lay off and darting run made space for a powerful angled shot into the side netting. That, however, was as good as his day got. There was no sense that this was a player with a point to prove, and in truth, on this day he offered no more mobility and no better movement up top than the slower but more gifted Peter Crouch. We looked just as static in attack with Jones playing there, and as was the case at Wigan a week ago, the hosts always had a spare man to tidy up whenever we got into the final third. Jones was easily marked and made little impact beyond winning a few flick ons. He could rarely got into dangerous positions when we went forward either. Yes, he had no service, yes he was isolated, and yes, we only started with one winger, but this was not the motivated, powerful, effective player that Jones has it in his locker to be, but a player who didn’t want to be there. It was no surprise when he was hauled off just after the hour mark. In fact, it would have been negligent of the manager not to replace him.
For memories sour and deep.
Tsp chopped shallot
The KeepRite KMS/KMD, Trenton TMS/TMD & Bally BMS/BMD line of condensing units are available in single and dual compressor arrangements from 6 Hp to 44Hp utilizing Copeland and Bitzer compressors in Low, Medium and High Temperature applications. Capacities are shown for R404A (LT/MT/HT), R407C (MT/HT) as well as the aging R22 (MT/HT) for replacement equipment applications.
For over two years I have been tracking my expenses on a website called Mint.com. This free, safe, and easy-to-use website will let you track all of your expenses and keep you updated on how much you are spending.
For indigenous people in jail by name, their most frequent offenses have a rural tinge– ie, they’re there for hurtos, abigeato, or occasionally for violence. This too belies the administrative prejudices of indio as a category. Most surviving Indian corporations were outside of the city, and the city became a penal destination for these communities. But again, the Indian community as category is a fiscal/administrative entity, and says little to the “identity” of residents (temporary and otherwise) of Quito.
Blindfold
What I arrived at was a step by step process that teaches photography using food as it’s subject. My thesis is that in order to take outstanding food photos you must learn photography in general. It’s concepts, rules and techniques. There are certain skills you have to learn to take any type of photograph but then to capture food images you need to learn the tricks of the trade so to speak.
Chocolate No Bake Cookies
Not to much to blag about, besides all the Kony controversy. I don't feel like talking about that because it seems everyone I know outside the internet is obsessed with it.
As for now, well this arvo my daughter has an appointment to check on a lump on her forehead from an injury she sustained while chopping wood out camping… but that is another story that I shall get in to tonight.
to get the Kardashians off television
This means we cannot enter into the presence of God simply because we are inherently sinners. In Exodus 33, God tells Moses that he wasn’t allowed to see God’s face because no man could do so and live because He was so holy and sin was unable to be in His presence. God was trying to prevent Moses from being destroyed by His holiness.
“He’s part of Kansas City, and people are still enjoying his art,” said Betty Brand, a former Kraft patron who took the first steps toward organizing the new exhibit. “I want him to be remembered.”
These are all books I had already read and LOVED beyond belief and even reviewed, and NOW I HAVE MY OWN COPIES!(!!!) Is it weird that I regularly open my book closet to look at the 'em, pet them, read excerpts and feel a bit happier? Probably. Buuuut there it is.
:: it took nearly 20mins to comb Lauren's wet hair before school this morning... I think it might be time she had a hair cut
You’ll be…
(not necessarily in order of enjoyamability)
That’s my non-critical, slapdash analysis of why I loved Will Grayson, Will Grayson. I look forward to re-reading it this week.
"The important thing is," I suggested. "It's finally here. The crocus are in flower, the trees and bushes are in bud, the lawns are green, the grass is growing like wildfire."
Up to that point, the Boers had had a rich history and people still find old history books referring to this nation.
A watch is not just a time tool at present; it also symbolizes a person’s identity. For men, a watch is like women’s jewelry. In the past, men would show off their status by cars, but the car is parked in the garage and could not be seen anywhere else, so the watch will undoubtedly replace the car.
Plus, it sucks when the results take forever to make their appearance. I mean, if I lost a couple of pounds now, it would be great encouragement for me to continue. Hell, even if I had just ONE AB pop out, I would be happy. I don’t need my six pack yet but just one would be nice.
What's that you say?
After playing tunes from each of The Flatlanders four cd’s Jimmie Dale Gilmore’s classic song Dallas was turned into a honky tonk rave-up and it ended their one hour set on a triumphant high note. They encored with Van Zandt’s White Freight – Liner and the nearly full Paolo Soleri crowd roared in appreciation.
Q: You have arranged to cover or otherwise surround yourself in white fabric -- wearing white pants, a white dress, a white bathing suit, or, in my case, the many white draperies Sugar has thrown around our bedroom in preparation for one of those slightly cheesy pregnancy photo shoots. What happens next?
One thing I go through a ton of is soap. Many people = Many showers and I hate having soggy messes of wilted soap. Lovely fresh bars in both the powder room and main bath are a welcoming treat. My choice would be handmade bars such as these above (look at farmers and craft markets) or organic vegetable based bars from the health food store. Buy a stack...not just one or two. Bunch them together with a ribbon, or toss them casually into a re-used wicker basket and arrive with your fragrant gift and several bottles of wine and you're sure to have made a welcome entrance.
We sponsor several classes aside from my beloved SunCoast-DIYC Laser Fleet, we have a new Sunfish Fleet, J24 Fleet, Flying Scot Fleet, Melges 24 Fleet, all based out of DIYC. We have a fantastic youth sailing program 501c3 protected which teaches sailing to 200 kids every summer! Develops great kids who grow up racing optimists, Lasers, 420’s all the way into college. Our Dinghy Dames are very active ladies who are always cooperating with everything that has to do with the club, teach women how to sail, race their Clearwater Prams on Tuesdays and their Sunfish/Laser wing sails on Fridays.
Shopping for groceries the young bride is forced to look at naked clerks as they check out her groceries. She is forced to walk beside a naked man who carries her groceries to her car. He asks her for a date. She declines.
- my handwriting is too messy, my spelling too poor
Most people only experience peace and transcendence when they are dead. But in the yogic tradition, the word “samadhi” is used to describe a state in which one has transcended the limitations of the body and mind, and this happens in life. For those who are in a state of samadhi, there is no such thing as death. Death belongs to the realm of the body.
Here is what they are suppose to look like.
Brazil, the world’s largest sugar exporter, sold $17.28 million worth of cachaça to 60 countries in 2011, mainly to Germany, Portugal, the U.S. and France.
I still haven't figured out how to photograph a window, but the glass tile extends up over the ledge. It's the perfect sunny spot for plants and herbs.
I believe my first swap hosting began March 2010, and was Altering Plastic Eggs. Since then it has become something I love & enjoy doing.
If the budget is in the red, it’s because they want it in the red.
Arctic sea ice extent for January 2012 was the fourth lowest in the satellite record. Including the year 2012, the linear rate of decline for January ice extent over the satellite record is 3.2% per decade.
We have bred him as part of our business, our horse trading, so in 2.5 weeks he will go to auction in Sydney.
Council cabinet member for homes and planning Councillor Tim Ball (Lib Dem, Twerton) assured residents that their views would be heard.
For two years I have been able to pick these beautiful flowers to decorate the table.
I have been very busy lately. I started a webstore and am so excited to say it is up and running and doing quite well. YAY! I am planning on having a grand openning blog hop with lots of prizes and giveaways so keep a look out for that this month. A perfect combination to go with National Scrapbooking month. My store is What's Scrappin and you can check it out HERE .
1 & 1/2 cups cake flour
½ cup warm water + 2 tablespoon active dry yeast, dissolves and it bloom (about 5 minutes)
It is sad that people can loose sight that common interest communities are self governed by a board of directors who are neighbors volunteering their time. When people who volunteer to serve their community are attacked and disparaged where they live, why would they want to serve? What message is received by those residents of Happy Times who were uninvolved homeowners – do you think they are going to be excited about volunteering for their community? Usually not!
Although the last round went to the KG and her supreme sense of irony, I still count the dyeing experience as a success: I was able to obtain the color I wanted and to duplicate it on subsequent batches. Since I have lots of yarn--a surprising amount of which is in colors I don't really like--and not a lot of money to spend on yarn, I returned to the stash for another lot to send to the dyepot.
Oh yeah, and the sound design. Oh man, the sound design was to die for.... *sighs wistfully*
Let me introduce you to four high school students on a mission. This is a mission to record, preserve and better understand their neighborhood’s history. I first met Floyya, Monica, Treverlyn and Quanaisha at Paul Robeson High School. They came to this project through Nixon Mercidieu, a school liaison for the Brooklyn College Community Partnership. He is working to place high school students in meaningful internships around Brooklyn.
What do you think about the mini-conference concept? What would you like to see on future agendas? Any thoughts about future locales?
—v. phoned, phoning. To call or transmit by
The higher being did create this day as a day of rest and I will honor it in that way by leaving a lot of things undone. I will pretend that I can't do a thing about them right now and enjoy the peace and serenity the day can bring. That means I will contemplate my navel and think only wise things. It will be a major time out.
Here are some interesting facts about Knickers you may not know:
Susan: Today I have with me Jared Adams. He is here to tell us a little bit about himself. Hi Jared. How are you today?
ee cummings
Wyatt nodded and dodged a bunch of giggling little girls on his way. They were a few years younger than his eight-year-old niece, Zoey, but they were all dressed in pink—Zoey’s favorite color.
My pictureless blogs
And I love writing. My interests?? Music, especially opera, reading everything in print, and Writing. And walking on the beach and swimming. At one point I had hoped to swim in every major sea and ocean. I've realized that may not be possible in one lifetime -- but trying has been fun!
DAH!
That very genocide, Mr. Former Chancellor, recognized under your chancellorship for the first time in almost 100 years by the German Bundestag. On February 22, 2005, to non-partisan applause, without a nay vote or abstention — an almost unfathomable miracle in the history of the German parliament.
I remember you looked at me and said “you are beautiful girl but you are mean. You are getting me in trouble.” All I have to say to you my dear is that in fact YOU got YOURSELF in trouble =)
One of our favorite 'new' traditions is having breakfast for dinner.
I could sit here and write volumes on the atrocities committed against women and men in the name of sin and self-glory, but I’ll just say this:Be very careful what you’re saying around who. Even the slightest off color joke could send an abuse victim spiraling into darkness that could take weeks to be pulled out of.
My turn. The fine bureaucrat tells me to read one of the lines from chart B. Easy peasy. Then she asks me to cover my right eye and read the sign. Uh oh. As with everything in my life right now, nothing is balanced, not even my eyeballs. My left eye is farsighted. That's good. Reading chart B is easy. Now cover your left eye. Shitty shit shit. Where the hell did the chart go? You would think I would remember the letters since I just read them for the nice lady. No, no, you would be soooo wrong. I struggle, guess, hem and haw. Finally, she has me look into a machine. What the frig? When does the dastardly DMV turn into optometrists? She asks me over and over if I can read the lines. Just give me my license. She asks me if I wear glasses to drive? Nope. I've never needed them because, you see, I drive with BOTH eyes open. Call me crazy.
In 1999 (co-incidentally the year Salt was founded) I attended my first Independent Publisher's Guild conference as the newly appointed Secretary of the organisation. From the Platform, Michael Schmidt, publisher of Carcanet, said something that lodged in my mind and has remained with me ever since: "I take a forestry ecology approach to publishing poetry". So saying, Michael recognised that successful publishing needs first and foremost an enthusiastic, informed audience that values what is published highly enough to be prepared to pay for it (a market). Whether Schmidt and Carcanet have been successful in husbanding or enlarging poetry’s habitat is a separate question, and not for now.
The best part about Wholefood is that there’s plenty of vegan, vegetarian and wheat and gluten-free options in there. Plus, Jude takes regular recipes and makes them healthy. Like lasagna and other fun foods. Gosh, I love her. In fact, I love her so much I’d do anything to make my way to Perth and do one of her cooking courses. They’re meant to be insane.
March - April, 2005
This is all a bit of a test and perhaps something to be used as a back-up. Or as a means for posting news if we can work out how to integrate it into the main site!
One architect of these times came to regret the urban forms created in the 1920s.
All of the youngsters currently outside the first-team squad who have represented the club from the under-18s upwards are listed. To view a player’s profile, simply click on their name below to view their biography and statistics. The profiles can be viewed at any time by clicking on the page headings above.
*What I miss: At this point, I am so close to having this baby, and so far away from remembering what "normal" feels like.....so I am missing it all from having my normal body, to eating certain foods, to less bathroom breaks......and eager to get back into my exercise routine!
I went to my friend B’s for dinner. I haven’t seen her since before Christmas so I was really looking forward to seeing her. She was having a couple of other people over as well—which made me nervous as I’m not always able to socialize well amongst strangers, but all went well. Her 2 friends were astrologers and 1 also made crystal jewelery. These 2 people being astrologers really seemed significant to me. I’m really interested in astrology and metaphysics and with the changes I’ve been making in my life it was almost as if I was receiving a sign from the Universe. I got a tingling-type feeling, almost like a simmering of excitement. It was weird but in a good way.
Stars of the Tea Dance - this one uses sheet music from the 1920's to 1940's. The main front image is from the tango Jealousy, which was a big hit for the wonderful Billy Fury in the early 1960's. Although the music was originally written in 1926 and the words added in 1940 something. There is some wonderful artwork on this one from the front pictures of the sheet music. It also has a mad hatter tea cup, which has 24 carat gold decoration.
Published with Blogger-droid v2.0.1
2. Both husband and wife must mortify their pride and strong self­ centered feelings. (16 ) These are the feelings which cause intolerance and insensitivity. You must pray and labour for a humble, meek, and quiet spirit. A proud heart is troubled and provoked by every word that seems to assault your self­esteem.(17)
The other beer we opened was a 2006 BFM Abbaye de Saint Bon Chien, a Biere de Garde. I bought this when we were in St. Louis with the intention of drinking it on this birthday. We bought a bottle at Farmer's Cabinet for my 30th last year so I thought it would be a fun thing to repeat.
People enter into my enormously small square box for brief moments of time, just passing through…
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi Eulogizes Saddam Hussein in Friday Sermon on Qatar TV
Enough of my trials and tribulations. Y'all have a peaceful day and.....be thankful for good health.
to use them to create something new and wonderful...maybe in a piece of collage or altered art?
Dirty Harry is a 1971 cop thriller starring Clint Eastwood. The main purpose of an opening sequence is to intrigue the audience and make them want to watch the rest of the film, the opening to Dirty Harry does just that.
Kambei Shimada: Maybe we die this time.
Until next time, enjoy the enfolding of Spring and keep watching for my new designs coming soon!
I decided a little challenge would be fun! This month we are getting all those papers in order! Wanna join? Take pictures and blog about your awesomeness as you go! I am hoping to do a giant, "We did it!" celebratory post where we can all link up our paper filing success stories at the end of the month!
Besides getting her fitness on, Kardashian has been hard at work putting her critics in their place.
HTTP is a request/ response protocol; there is no way around this. Anyone who purports to have found a way around this is stretching the truth somewhat. There is however, a technique that can be used to simulate the server making a connection to the browser and pushing information when it knows a change has been made. This neatly solves the latency problem above.
Unless you’re a woman, then you don’t have to feel manly.
V)Victory
Opinion: I love Ingrid. (I feel like I’ve been blogging about a lot of names I love lately, maybe I should stop that…) I’m not sure why though. Maybe the connection to a character from a show I watched as a kid (Filmore). Maybe because of Ingrid Bergman. Maybe because I love its meaning (I love its meaning – Hero’s daughter? It’s great! ‘Though I’m not sure why I like it so much). Maybe because it has that feeling, like it’s too weird. But at the same time not. It’s a name that would be hard to have, but I think that if it worked for you, it would really work for you. It’s a powerful name.
I took a picture.
Grayson took a deep, fortifying breath. “I’m afraid Elizabeth had been abducted.” He let his words hang without elaboration as their expressions turned from incomprehension to the reality of what he’d said.
LET IT SNOW, LET IT SNOW, LET IT SNOW!!! As I am typing up this post I am watching the biggest, fluffiest snowflakes I have ever seen. It is truly a beautiful sight.
Many of you might remember me taking about the re-launch of Diesel, now it's time to take a closer look at their completely renewed denim. The 'Fit your attitude' range has been stripped down to 6 styles that come in a various choice of washes. The simplified designs include 6 different fits, here is my take on the new collection.
What I'd like to discuss today is the way that authors react to edits, and how you can manage that reaction to help ensure a good working relationship with your editor, not to mention getting the best possible result for your book. Because that's what you need to always, always bear in mind when you're editing. This process isn't about you as a writer, or your feelings or your ego. It's about what is best for the book you've created, and how to make the characters and story shine.
I would like to think that if and when I do find someone silly enough to marry me I’d be prepared to do it in a uniform with a boring ass three hour service and no alcohol. This is obviously a hypothetical idea as I’ve already mocked up “my wedding” on Pinterest and chosen my very unique white boobtube princess dress. And FYI my bridesmaids are wearing burqas.
Here's how the story goes, Charlie Brown is forced to be the director of the Christmas pageant and nobody will listen to him. They just dance around like a bunch of idiots, while Schroeder plays the piano. Charlie Brown, gets fed up, so Lucy suggests that he get a Christmas tree to help conjure up some Christmas spirit. So, Charlie Brown and Linus set out for the tree lot, where they wander through a myriad of gaudy, metal trees to find the only natural tree in the lot, which happens to be pitifully scrawny and prone to dropping the few pine needles still clinging to it. Charlie Brown insists that "This little guy needs a home" and decides to bring it back, even though Linus objects. As the gang ridicules him for his choice, it inspires him to cry out in desperation, "Isn't there anyone who knows what Christmas is all about?" Linus responds, "Sure Charlie Brown, I can tell you what Christmas is all about." He then steps out on stage, and asks for the spotlight so that everyone can see and hear him and he starts quoting Luke's Gospel.
The roots of Blunderbuss go back several years ago when White was recording songs for several artists. These artists included Tom Jones, Insane Clown Posse, etc. White was in contact with Wu-Tang Clan member RZA and were going to do a recording session. RZA couldn't attend the session, so White was hanging around with a band. They recorded several tracks, which would one day develop into Blunderbuss.
"Running at higher intensities causes you to burn a lower percentage of fat calories in favor of carbs, but you use more total calories. And that's the key to losing weight. Plus, since you torch more total calories, the absolute amount of fat burned actually increases, too. So it pays to pick up the pace.
Love with the devil, She is in love withLucifer
On White clouds drifting by.
Other rules around floors
The boys/dad use a waterproof arrow that floats, and it is attached to a cord which is wound around a reel on the bow. The line flows out when the arrow is shot, and can then be used to retrieve the arrow from the water (and hopefully impaled through a carp). We are still loving being on the lake. The kids swim every day (that it is over about 70 degrees), and the kayaks may be worn out before we are able to figure out how to take them along this winter.
I've never understood why everyone is so enraptured by fruity beer (a common lager and ale swiller's way of summing up Belgian beer).
Heheh… Almost 4 is such a fun age.
As you know, Jeff was bitten by a spider more than a year ago, but what you may not have known was that for a couple of days after he went to the ER, things were touch-and-go. There was talk that he might have to have his arm amputated, and we didn’t know if he was going to pull through at all. He was in a medically-induced coma for a few days and had several operations to remove the dead and dying tissue from his arm. So, understand, he was in really, really bad shape. It’s been about a year since he got out of the hospital, and since then, he had to learn to walk again, he’s had several painful skin grafts, he’s been in rehab doing exercises to regain the strength in his arm; but best of all, he’s been playing guitar. We were all excited when he joined us onstage for the encore a year ago at The Big Four show at Coachella. Since then, we’ve given him all the time and support he’s needed to continue his rehab so he can come back to the band fully recovered and able to deliver the kind of shows we all want him to. While Jeff’s been doing some writing and has been coming to rehearsal over the past several weeks, he has decided he needs to take more time to continue his rehab. While we want him back onstage with the band, all of us support his decision. So, we’re very grateful that Gary Holt will continue to fill in for Jeff, and will tour with us until Jeff completes his rehab and is ready to return. How long will that be? The best and most honest answer we can give you is ‘as long as it takes.’ We also wanted you to know that we’ve been doing some writing and recording for the next Slayer album – we’ve tracked a few songs, and will finish the album when we’re off the road later this year. Gary will join us on tour in Europe and the UK in May and June, and then we’ll all see you on this Summer’s Mayhem Festival.”
Now, I’m not trying to toss out some fancy schmancy English terms at you. I bet you alliterate every day or see it every time you read a blog. Stop blushing. You have a seriously warped mind, did you know that?
...Which made me realize that I have really never been anywhere outside of the US of A. (Besides Paris one time...!) So I made myself a list of cities I need to get myself to, ASAP - St. Petersburg is one of them (& not JUST because of J. Crew...) stay tuned for more soon ;)
Last month I went on a cruise and didn't gain a single pound! Part of that was due to the food choices I made, but if you've ever tried to manage your weight you know there are two parts to the equation: the food you eat and the exercise you do. For a week I ate more than I'm used to, but I also upped my physical activity, and that made all the difference.
But if you so much as dare to speak,
Which blew my mind.
Heck, I could wallpaper my whole house with different pictures of Brooklyn pouting and crying.
After the credits start to roll, we are shown a scene of Ari (Vince’s agent and my favorite character) being offered an amazing job. But the unsureness of his response suggested a possible movie to be made in the near future furthering the story of the boys from Queens. For the sake of Entourage’s legend, I hope that this movie happens. Entourage was a great show because it provided us with a view of the life of the rich and the famous, their crazy sex life and ridiculous shenanigans, but the last season didn’t give the viewers what they want. And now we will all remember the show for that final season. Entourage deserves to be remembered for what it was, not for what it became at the end, so hopefully the movie, if written and produced well, will take the viewers back to the good old days of the boys doing things they shouldn’t, buying things they cant afford and living life with the mentality that “things will work out.”
He was born Luther Robinson in Richmond, Virginia in 1880. A perhaps apocryphal story has him beating up his brother William, two years his junior, until the latter allowed him to appropriate his name. (The real Bill was forever after known as “Percy” – it must have been a sound drubbing.) The boys were orphaned around 1885 under mysterious circumstances, and raised by their grandmother and various foster parents. Robinson was a latchkey kid, largely shifting for himself, earning his own way by shining shoes, occasional theft and dancing for tips on streetcorners. He got his famous nickname after stealing a beaver hat from a local merchant Lion J. Boujasson, whose name no one could pronounce.
And some TM goodness you might not have seen before!
Trust me, buy yourself a white button-down blouse and you’re good to go.
I am impressed by Hard Rock’s commitment to “Love All, Serve All,” and by their new menu, and I have to say I love their swag! I have been to Hard Rock before – last time at a Librarian luncheon, where I got a very cool guitar keychain. I love their pins and shirts, bags, etc. We also got a 40th Anniversary pin since it’s been 40 years since the first Hard Rock Café was started by two Americans in London. I always have a good time there! I guess I am a rock & roll girl.
The bright yellow flowers bloom from February to July and are insect pollinated (Figure 1). Interestingly, ants can share a mutualistic relationship with Opuntia strica. The pricklypear provides the ants with nectar and the ants provide protection against herbivores. Mammals and birds eat the succulent, barrel-shaped fruits and are responsible for dispersing the seeds. Once deposited, the seeds can remain viable for as long as ten years.
You’re outside a “Planned Parenthood” clinic and spot a cute little All-American (that’s code for “white”) Jesus-loving, bible-brandishing wholesome, perky-titted evangelical babe holding up a protest sign with a picture of an aborted fetus.
And of course the responsibility is huge. If I do a studio shoot and my camera or computer decide to wipe all the images without my consent, then I can always apologise, call the client back on another day and give them a discount for the inconvenience. But you can’t re-shoot a wedding with all the guests who travelled long distances to be there.
19 Leanne Schuetz W Valencia, CA 13:12.5 41:02.04
And before I lose you to the dreams of you own, may I say have a great weekend and Happy Easter to Catherine at A Thousand Clapping Hands who is celebrating the Orthodox Easter.
Fuck was that?
I love the dimension that paper pleating gives to a card and it's so easy. Had to be pink too. There is a great tutorial this week on SCS for it that you can find HERE.
I don't know it at all!
Semolina-1tbsp
But now... I dunno. I think I want to really make a statement. Here are the stickers I'm considering:
Ariz. House to act on immigration enforcement bill
How many times will LuLu LoLo as the Gentleman of 14th Street tip his hat today from 1-3pm?
to this Fountain of life and light
I don't think there was an area of my home and my life that I didn't sort through and declutter.Although there are still some areas of the garage that would be reduced further. However I stuck firmly to my own things - apart from trying to encourage periodic clear outs of my childrens' rooms - I feel its up to the individual as to how they manage their belongs.
‘There are all kinds of things you could be able to do that we just haven't yet thought about,’ said Dr. O, holder of the Texas Instruments Distinguished Chair.
“You two aren’t exactly a barrel of laughs this morning are you?” said Joseph.
And then it continues. And then it opens up. And then the eyes gape. “Nightfall”, musically, could be included in many genres. The vocals and subject matter make it pure metal, though I am still surprised at the lack of backlash from the (goddamn) purists complaining about the prevalent tambourine and mid-tempoed, slick drum sound. As for myself, I think it is a fantastic departure into a known territory for many, but not a metal band. Sure, Satyricon are simple rock now, but a band so close to their roots in the underground have to really work hard to make something like this. While being both catchy and listenable, the astounding thing is that with lyrics like, “I am the wizard/I live in hell you know/you never see me/I exist below,” it is undeniably Nachtmystium.
Since Harry’s in Hoover closed its doors without fan fare, I’ve searched for Birmingham’s tastiest burger. The Birmingham News recently awarded this to local dive “Five Guys Burgers & Fries.” But I never could find that place. Now, I live a block from Marty’s, and a burger on rye at that late night hot spot is pretty terrific. It was the clubhouse leader. Until today.
On the other hand, it was a bit terrible because I don't think Vicki slept at all. Henry kicked up a fuss when she tried to put him in the crib, and carried on about it for nearly an hour. I think that was the worst part, but they both had a pretty restless night. Henry fell asleep in the pram on the way home and then had a four hour nap, which is a new record!
As the camera waltzes around the band members, it catches moments in the life of the city. Tourists wandering around a landmark, Metro-North workers pausing from their work to enjoy the music, and children taking it all in. And then there are the New York commuters who ignore the four musicians, either because they have a train to catch or they just don’t acknowledge anything out of the ordinary during their commutes.
Additional Ingredients
Hosted by the world’s leading professional organization for journalists, the “National Press Club 5K: Beat the Deadline” draws participants from the press and political communities. Reporters, politicians, lobbyists and government figures join the public to compete individually and in teams for $1,000 cash prizes for top finishers and medals for top age group finishers. All participants receive a “National Press Club 5K: Beat the Deadline” a commemorative race t-shirt and entrance to the post-race breakfast.
He dozes fitfully. Apparently the actual timeline is Jerusalem, and not a rolling rapture. A tiny chink in the original construct, but unimportant , really.
Here is a better picture to see the embossing. I used a snow marker for the snow on the cones. I drew it along the edges, let it dry for about 10 minutes then pulled out my heat gun. I puffed up from the heat.
I sent them several of my city maps and I'm not sure exactly which one was featured, but I can't wait to find out! I'll also be featured on their website and in their Etsy profile as a featured seller. The holiday catalog hits stores October 4th... I'll be anxiously/excitedly/impatiently waiting until then to get my copy! And of course, I'll post everything to the blog once it's in my hands.
Stress can result from lots of different things. Work, your weight, your love life, friendships, money, and the list goes on and on. Stress has a bigger impact on your life than all the other things you do to stay healthy! With the holiday season in full swing I thought it appropriate to remind everyone why they should take a moment to relax during the stressful holiday season (kind of an oxymoron don’t you think? A stressful holiday…anyways…) Even if you exercise a ton, get lots of sleep and eat your fruits and veggies you can still die at an early age if you live under a constant cloud of stress. Why you ask? I’m so glad you did! Read on for a run down on just what stress does to your body…
Natalie
The Micro is a .380 with a 2.2-inch barrel. Due to the barrel length, the ammo fired from this gun will not live up to the fps on the box. But where muzzle energy is lost, compactness is gained. With an overall length of 4.5 inches, this tiny gun will fit in the palm of most hands. Those who feel the need to always be packing heat might consider this a perfect pocket gun. Clothing that won’t conceal a compact .40 caliber or 9mm in a holster will have no problem swapping out for the .380 Micro.
That campaign was at its most fun when the characters were all hopelessly incompetent, but as they gained experience it became a lot more run-of-the-mill — I don't mean it wasn't fun then too, but it wasn't really much different to any other campaign. In the beginning, decisions like what farm equipment to take with them really mattered (they decided to take the anvil, for some reason). Later on, that sort of stuff disappeared. Ah well.
We liked:
To make the sauce, combine all ingredients in a food processor. Blend until smooth, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a bowl or container and refrigerate until ready to use.
Flip is in the hospital. I took him to the ER a week and a half ago because he was massively confused and combative, and I thought he might have had a stroke. After many hours, it was evident that I could no longer safely care for him alone, and he was admitted. He has been there ever since.
And all these months later, the one detail that's still stuck in mind? Is those perfectly plump blueberries. So much so that I think about them every time I write.
Prepared by John Scott Tait, C. A., Edinburgh, and Robert Alexander Murray, C.A., Glasgow.
It might not be everyone’s idea of a relaxing holiday cruise, but today 1,309 passengers will set sail from Southampton on a trip recreating the exact journey the Titanic took on its ill-fated maiden voyage a hundred years ago.
In any event, the general election campaign is only a few days old, and voices on the Democratic side have already made hard-edged statements about Mormonism. Does anyone expect that to change as the campaign goes on?Glenn Reynolds comments, "Hate and bigotry is all they've got left."
I am proud of myself...I finished ALL the books on my list. Usually I end up not finishing one, but this time? Oh yes, my friends, this time I finished.
I liked it. I didn't love it. There were certainly things I felt could have been improved. But I also couldn't put it down. So I feel comfortable with the rating of 3/5 stars.
One day I will again have my body back, but it won’t be because I am fanatical about keeping sane.
My belief is that all companies are committed, in their own ways, to bringing the best solutions to cater to current market requirements. In addition, there are agencies (government and non-government) that are working to establish defined codes and standards for application and product selection. We are also working with such agencies to share our application expertise, so as to benefit the industry.
I will post more about my weekend very soon, including the construction of the lovely pasture and tiny lamb stable, but for now just know I love you:)
VET LADY: *Interrupting* It’s the cats’ stool samples and the $100 dollars is because our credit card machine is down.
each other on terror
Within weeks she had developed some writing workshops, lined up various venues and advertised what she had to offer. It was one of those workshops that I got to attend on Saturday. At one point in the workshop, she shared a bit about the almost debilitating fear that dogged her as she marched toward her vision. If she hadn’t told us that, I never would have guessed it.
I have no idea what all this means. All suggestions gratefully received.
Pick out some curtain designs (and maybe start sewing if the fabric arrives).
Joining Stone with rare beers and the usual selections:
Down the dark,
Here's how it happened.
I actually tackled the drawers first, not quite knowing where you start to build a dresser.
The TeAL project aims were to pilot e-assessment in 80 modules across levels and make recommendations to Academic Board. Rethinking assessment practice within different disciplines, but also trying to reach an institutional understanding, was an implicit aim. Also to resolve institutional tensions egsanctions by Finance blocking student access.
disc about the conflict with Hawkwind, Kilmister stated, “I didn’t
Psychology of metaphysics.--This world is apparent: consequently there is a true world;--this world is conditional: consequently there is an unconditioned world;--this world is full of contradiction: consequently there is a world free of contradiction;-- this world is a world of becoming: consequently there is a world of being:--all false conclusions (blind trust in reason: if A exists, then the opposite concept B must also exist). It is suffering that inspires these conclusions: fundamentally they are desires that such a world should exist; in the same way, to imagine another, more valuable world is an expression of hatred for a world that makes one suffer: the ressentiment of metaphysicians against actuality is here creative.
Heidi and Stuart Johnston of Stampavie are both true delights and I was so thrilled to meet them in person at CHA this year. I am so fortunate and extremely humbled to be a part of their magnificent Design Team. Thank you Heidi and Stuart for this lovely gift for one of the participants!
It's not just my body failing. The mind - it goes.
27For the men of Jerusalem and their rulers, having no knowledge of him, or of the sayings of the prophets which come to their ears every Sabbath day, gave effect to them by judging him.
Now, you'll have to excuse me...My butt has fallen asleep and I have those unpaid jobs to go finish up:)
enjoying a glass of cold mineral water; the sun is shining and I’m enjoying the purest form of vitamin D. I’ve been awake for at least three hours, and its only 9:15am, reading the Jane Austin novel left by my bedside by the hotel staff the night before may have
Hypocrites.
Congratulations Ms. De La Rosa and we look forward to seeing you on the red carpet at Full Figured Fashion Week in New York City on June 13-16, 2012!
And so my brothers and I grew up overseas and lived the amazing ex-pat lifestyle; an education no school can provide. I still remember when I was six, in Indonesia - my dad built a classic, clinker-hulled dinghy with a mast and lateen-rigged sail and a 1.5 horsepower Seagull outboard. The sail was hand sewn from old rice sacks and the spars were bamboo. I remember Dad taking me up the river, and I remember the banks of that river lined with crocodiles basking in the sun. We stopped and visited a native village; bamboo longhouses up on stilts. It was a scene right out of a Conrad novel (even though I didn't know it at the time). By the time I was a teenager I'd had adventures most kids cannot even imagine.
” Those who’s opinions really matter, are the people who love you despite your struggles or success”
* Php8.5M
When it comes down to it, I like to think there are five levels of friends:
Life has been quite busy of late and I will be travelling next week to the other side of the country (For those of you "not in the know" Canada is HUGE, so travelling from Ontario to British Columbia is quite a distance, approx 6 hours by plane). I'm going to see if there are any record shops of note in British Columbia so I'm not neglecting my digging duties whilst away on the work trip.
My Weekend Wrap-up can be summed up into two words laundry and hockey. I thought I would take this opportunity to kill two birds with one stone do a product review on 2Toms Stink free Sports Detergent. A few weeks ago 2 Toms sent me a couple of trial size packets to review. Since I have a household of people that participate in stinky activities, we would be a perfect test market for them.
Oh yeah, and speaking of the short guy (am I ever not?), he is now crawling around like a little crab man. He goes from sitting to crawling then sitting again, and has started pulling himself up on whatever is at hand. He hasn't tried the dog yet, but I think it's only a matter of time. What a champ.
-Monster
during intermission, i asked her about it.
But, I’m very thankful for the seniors’ invitation, we’ll display a charismatic stage!!
“OK,” he said. “Let’s not fight.” There was no handshake and we certainly never became friends; this is not an after-school special. But after that terse little interaction, the bullying evaporated.
Working in the field of veterinary medicine, you will promote pet wellness and help sick animals.
I have a "new" certain Eastern European referrer called:
1947 – Gentleman’s Agreement
You see, each can explain exactly how to do something step by step and may or may not include pictures. Each contains a method of learning something from either reading text and following a specific series of steps or reading and/or viewing pictures showing what to do within each step. A tutorial may or may not contain interactivity with the designer after each step or as you progress through several steps.
Random Recipe: English Muffin Bread
Time: 01:00 to 02:00
Michelle
In fact, ‘fun’ is the word she uses most often when talking about the movie. “I had so much fun on the set of ‘Grease’. I didn’t go to a high school like that in Australia so that dynamic was new to me. We all really had fun together and it made the summer we filmed that fun,” she says. Though her character was naïve, Olivia was determined she wouldn’t be a complete wimp and kept trying to inject some backbone into her. As her co-star, Travolta backed her all the way. They became fast friends and she remembers he would look out for her. “During one of the scenes at the drive in, he messed up his lines on purpose so they would do another take and he said ‘you can do better’ – he was very caring to make sure everything I did was the best.” The ‘Grease’ soundtrack, on which they sing together, remains a crowd pleaser with remixes like the Grease medley still a staple in nightclubs.
And we all loved you.
Rebuilding Purchasing Power:
I'm doing with what i want in my style now. (that does not sound like english -___-)
Lourie: Mustn't the specificat ion enable the full scope of the claims?
Money is freedom. It is the ability to do things as you come up with it. I used to think that money was the answer to everything because the big problem in front of me was financial. Every idea I came up with I needed the money to do it. You sit there and create these scenarios in your head and then if you have money it only gives you the ability to come and go as you please if you have an idea.
“No. It blew up on a country road and wouldn’t go any more, so I just left it.”
Me: WHY? You wanna fight me? You should be thanking the chocolate gods for making me happy!
I have been trying to get my hands on these for a long time, and with that comes a preconceived notion of outright superiority, very similar to the "I wish I dated a supermodel" theorem. This usually leads to disappointment. In this case, though, the River delivered, as expected.
Should anyone find a BlueBella on the side of the road this weekend, kindly pick her up and return her to the Island.
If we were to be honest, we would all say that none of us would like to be considered poor in spirit, or be caught in the midst of mourning. Meekness is considered a sign of weakness and in America Hunger and Thirst for righteousness is replaced by hunger and thirst for worldly acceptance. It is very difficult to be merciful and pure in heart for our hearts are always seeking to satisfy our own needs; and we are not willing to make peace if that peace requires that we would submit to someone else’s authority. We do not want to be made fun of, or persecuted, or bad mouthed… Yet all of these things the LORD calls blessed!
Not as complete as Hemingway's, but its a fun challenge. Quite a challenge.
At the very first LIFE is Good, my friend Mary Lewis gave a talk about math in which she discussed the work she was doing teaching math to math-phobic adults—that is, adults who had been through 10 to 13 years of school math and were so traumatized by it that they would freeze in terror if someone asked them to add some numbers together. Mary said these people would be far better off if they had never had a math lesson. This article by David Albert certainly makes her point.
Roland then wrote:
For the guy looking for Summer fishing in January, if you hurry you have a shot at the improbable for a short time. Si tuat ions or conditions like this a re never long lived. If we get three days of t his sort of thing we´re lucky. It has been two days now and today so we may see this change again shortly if not already.
Canning has been part of Sun King’s business plan since its inception, and the brewery began releasing canned Sunlight Cream Ale and Osiris Pale Ale in the spring of 2010. Robinson’s favorable impression of cans goes beyond his boyhood collectibles, to reinforcement experienced during travels to the state where craft canning began.
Jack White’s solo debut is an eclectic mix of styles, a clear example of White giving himself the room to play around and try new things from one track to another. Blaring, bluesy guitars reminiscent of his work with The White Stripes are prevalent on “Sixteen Saltines,” but the rest of the album is much more low-key, featuring more piano than anything else to accompany White’s soulful vocals. This is White flexing his musical muscles and demonstrating what may or may not be the full range of what he’s capable of. That alone should make it worth a listen.
We had so many gorgeous entries from our vintage challenge and on behalf of the entire team, thank you for inspiring us with your lovely creations. Hats off to all of you.
Storysher - It's the beauty talk.
The VB facts.
On a much brighter note, one valued, observant, perceptive, intelligent, beautiful and impeccably well-bred close relative wrote regarding my ‘illustrations’;
Kevin Smith Filmography
But think of the good times that we've had.
Good Morning lovely bloggers, or should I say not so good as the weather has gone mad again here! Surely all this rain should help with the drought they were talking about last week!
And did he get a lot of stick from predominantly English audiences for being German?
Toss around a few at a time to coat, and carefully transfer them to a baking sheet. I found I liked the texture of the cookies best when I pressed them down into more of a fat disk once they were on the pan. They spread into a much nicer final shape.
vacation in Chicago 2 years ago.
The Mythic Journey Joseph Campbell so passionately explored and shared with the rest of us and Christopher Vogler so brilliantly captures by in his book Writers Journey: Mythic Structure for Writers is part of the Universal Story.
Luckily with my job (and my boss and my team), I CAN work remotely on a limited basis. However, because I have both a small child and pets and a husband, I had to figure out where I could isolate myself and work with the minimal amount of life-disruption for all involved.
I'm curious to see how Brandenburg might apply to the Westboro case. I'm reasonably positive that if my son were killed in action and WBC showed up to protest at his funeral, there would be a lot of imminent lawless action. (Trust me--you don't know my family.) It seems to me to be a logical extension of Brandenburg, one that could apply to this case.
ASSEMBLE FELT FLOWERS
Nancy Baumiller Sometimes it is just simply seeing color combinations and of course other artists inspire me immensely!
“Stardust”
Donna Hamilton
You know those strange dreams that you've being having lately?
I’m resurrecting this piece that I wrote three years ago about my long term estrangement from my parents. It’s the story about how 10 years of silence ended.
More important to many New Yorkers, it's also close to Jacob Riis beach, a hidden treasure of the Breezy Point peninsula and often referred to as 'the people's beach'. Riis Beach is a relic of the Robert Moses era, who created the beachfront in the 1930s by destroying a historic World War I Naval Air station (liftoff point of the very first transatlantic flight in 1919) and intending the artificial getaway specifically for locals with cars, an alternative to Jones Beach.
My father just cut to the chase and made one.
sometimes … we just need a little shove
I give thanks for dazzling writing - reading Anne Michaels' Fugitive Pieces.
We make a nosegay,
I’m going to focus on the more common type of under circle and that’s the range that I fall into, blue-green. If you shop at any drugstore you’ll easily find the green and yellow correctors. But what about the salmon, peach, or orange colored ones? Bobbi Brown and Eve Pearl are two expensive makeup lines that make fabulous correcters, but they are priced at $22.00 to $32.00. YIKES!
Long distance adventurers need the patience of an executioner and the hide of a battleship. And so do songwriters who want to publish their work on iTunes. It took four excruciating months to get the puppy up! song up since Apple has cornered the market on music downloads but baby, we're live!
"To find rest takes real genius".
Don’t be silly, there’s a good chap.
Daniel Bryan winning Money in the Bank Ladder match is a shock, Alberto winning is not, but it’s fine that he did.
It was sunny for just a few hours earlier and I hopped on a Velib to do some sweets reconnaissance. As I biked across the Seine, through Saint-Germain, out into the fifteenth arrondissement (to Des Gateaux et Du Pain and Pierre Hermé, bien sur), it was a beautiful reminder of my earlier days in Paris. When I didn’t really know many people or have any obligations. Every day was a bit of an indulgent and unknown journey. I’d Velib all over town, stumble upon cute new parks and shops, eat at multiple patisseries in a day, and fall a little bit deeper in love with Paris.
2010-05-28 Unnamed smallholder murdered, 2 teen daughters gangraped. Meyerton 2010-06-02 MEYERTON, VEREENIGING. Two teenage girls were gang-raped by the four black men who had first shot dead their father execution-style on their Meyerton smallholding on Friday-evening, May 28 2010, André Damons and Sonja van Buul of Beeld reported that police arrested four Mozambiquan citizens within just hours of the gruesome murder and gang-rapes. The unnamed murder victim apparently originally hails from Kuruman in the Northern Cape. He was attacked about 10pm at his smallholding at Boltan World, Meyerton on Friday. Robbed: a tv-set and a radio, which were found back by the SAPS. http://www.nuus24.com/Suid-Afrika/Nuus/Vier-vas-n%C3%A1-pa-vermoor-dogters-verkrag-is-20100602
This report found more than 40 percent of settlement land in the occupied territories had been private lands owned by Palestinians and that 130 settlements were established wholly or in part on lands that the state itself had determined to be "private." The settlers took control of these lands, but it was the state that had confiscated them. (p. xiii)
But if you want to a career in children’s books, heed Tony Bradman’s parting shot: “Don’t be satisfied with just getting by. Dig deeper.”
To time was the time the child of her consciousness
In the scheme of things, forever is a fairly long time, and reading this book again after so much time was a little like reading it for the first time. There were bits and pieces, and lines here and there, that had been enmeshed into my tome-of-Christoper-Pike memories. But for the most part, Gimme a Kiss was a surprising blank of who did what, why, and how it happened, and I found myself reading along anxiously.
Softened butter
I told her in the future, I will.
I would guess that makes me the prophet of the sewer mutants living under Michigan. Not just your garden-variety prophet, but the homeless kind with placards on busy street corners who decry the end of the world, and claim that the righteous will be saved. I don’t know how I feel about that. Did Mohammed or John feel like this? Did they feel like sinners and blasphemers pandering God to pieces of shit? Did they feel blushes and pangs of guilt while insisting that people be better heirs of the Kingdom of God? If guilt was no concern, did they simply use religion as a tool to make the masses subservient, as Marx put it? Did they subvert the truth and their faith in return for power? The answer to these questions are different for different people, and far from uniting us, sow discord within us. The existence or non-existence of God does not have a thing to do with the meaning of our lives unless we let it. We cannot blame God for what we are.
This has failed to rise in the convection oven of the slush pile. In fact, you need a new recipe.
as well. Please, could we
pm.
The dominant symbol set is of being between: "edge of the world," "crater, "shadow of the door," "window," "shore," "dreams," "entrance stone," "drowning girl," "hem of the dress." These various images highlight the novel's consistent attention to borders: between people, spaces, times, genders, and consciousnesses. At one level, it seems that these liminal spaces are undesirable: Miss Saeki's psychic purgatory, Oshima's indeterminate gender, and Nakata's half-mind are sources of great consternation. Still, other between spaces seem liberating: Colonel Sanders' transcendence of good and evil and Kafka's journey to the forest are both generative.
It has also to be recorded that in 1925 the firm bought the business of J. E. Jowitt & Company, India, who had been acting as their agents in that country. A private Limited Liability Company has been formed, J. E. Jowitt & Company Limited, and will manage the important interests which George Younger & Son Limited have in that country.
Reading these letters doubled with poems is also to delimit the space where Celan habitually deployed his language, and which he referred to – not entirely seriously – as his “Celanie”: the Rue des Ecoles, the Rue de Lota, the Rue de Montevideo, the Rue de Longchamp, the Rue d’Ulm, the Rue Cabanis (Faculty Clinic, Saint-Anne), the Rue Tournefort and Avenue Émile Zola …
Later a much better photo was sent through taken with a bigger camera (well done Blake!!!)
I took my National Board assessment yesterday. Already feels like a lifetime ago! I think I did okay. Maybe not 4s on everything but I will indeed be shocked if I don't make the minimum 2.75 (which is like a B-minus) on each one at least. I am SO grateful to my study buddies at ECGen because I think I kicked Ex 3s collective behind. It's the one I had ZERO teaching experience with (emergent literacy) so my cohorts there walked me through it last Thursday and I think I did well. Time will tell!
I've been reading My Name Is Memory by Ann Brashares. The main character, Daniel, is a man who has lived several lives but unlike most souls, Daniel remembers his past lives. At one point he remarks that there are several "firsts" that he wishes he could experience for the first time all over again.
The Grateful Dead ask Jimi to play six shows with them on the west coast. Sloppy and unenthusiastic performances leave fans and critics less than excited and the band is forced to leave after four shows. Jimi’s camp reports to the press that Jimi is suffering from fatigue and the bands opening slot is taken by Blues Traveler.
**Quantrill from LOC archive, Wikimedia Commons
My midwife, the lovely Keiko, arrived at my house within 20 minutes! I had decided around week 30 that I wanted to have a homebirth. My reasons being: I’ve never been in hospital overnight since I was born, but when I do go to hospitals, to visit friends or something, I’m always grossed out by it. They’re always noisy, with bad furniture and lighting, yellowing walls and staff who always seem too rushed off their feet to tend to you. I also get annoyed hearing women screaming. I think it would stress me out and make my labour difficult. Hospitals are basically a gathering place for illness and disease, and to me, pregnancy is not a disease, so why not have it in the comfort of my own house, surrounded by pretty things, food and drink I want, TV, internet and boxsets?!
Even though I didn’t like my handwriting, I still loved to write. I was eleven years old when I started keeping a diary. Sometimes, I’d want to write about my day even if I wasn’t within the privacy of my bedroom. I would be riding the bus, squished between sweaty kids, or in a crowded classroom, one hand holding a pen, the other hand covering the notebook. One kid asked, Why are you covering your notebook? I said, I’m writing in my diary. She rolled her eyes and said, Jasmine, you don’t have to cover it. No one can read your handwriting anyway. My eyes lit up. That was the first time I realized that having terrible handwriting can be a good thing. Kids started calling my handwriting The Ja Code, and like any code it hid my secrets well. Thanks to my handwriting I didn’t have to worry about somebody reading my secrets. I could write in peace.
My PLR goes up, year on year, because I write a lot of books. But libraries are buying fewer books. That means that having a backlist already in the libraries is important, too. But old books fall apart and are thrown away, not to be replaced, so very old titles don't earn PLR.
Boys in a Band (Faroe Islands) @ NASA (Sunday 19. October)
Ah, the bargaining. It's the part where we started asking ourselves "What if I do this? Will that fix it?"
what my heart used to be.)
Like a lot of things in my life, I don't really know what the fate of this blog will be. I suspect I'll pop in from time to time, consider removing it from public view altogether, and then just leaving it alone out of a sense of the bits of connection it has offered in my life. I'm going to add it to my list of things that sort of suck. It's not the most terrible thing that could exist, not by a long shot. Nor is it grand. It's somewhere in the middle, sort of sucking.
So with this post I want put my opinion about the “dark side” of K-pop.
The book is also the story of Terra's family in one year. Their ailing, 101 year old grandmother passes away. Their father is diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and spends weeks in the hospital after surgery and then slowly, slowly recovers once he is back home on the farm. Terra and Teresa go on a business trip together to Poland to see if they can learn how to grown a berry called aronia and make it profitable. The only country that really appreciates this wonderful, healthy berry is Poland for some reason.
An excerpt from All of Grace,
to go over Nesi's papers that she brought
When asked how his appearance on "The Book Place" had affected his life now, almost 20 years on, FCS responded that "it is something I think about regularly. I was- I was somebody. A lot of things happened to me that year that I can never forget." FCS also reported that his experience on "The Book Place" had given him more confidence "with the chicks" - in fact, he mentioned it on his first date with the lovely lady who is now his wife of almost two years - together they share a lovely book-stuffed apartment. FCS reports that his favourite Book Place inspired pickup line is "Would you like to see my bookworm?", although Scather does rather doubt that his classy wife would have responded well to this particular tid-bit.
Congratulations, Cely (Carolina Girl) entry #50 : : Your prize is three (3) digi's from the DS4J store (see the link in the side bar). Please email me (jen@jencraft.co.za) with your choices.
J: Um, no.
Early Espresso RGB: 80, 57, 49
Fisher has had some random illness the past couple of days and so he has stayed home school. At first he had a deep, barking cough but that has gotten better. Mostly he has been running a steady 102 temp, is completely lethargic, has no appetite...I don't know what to think of it but it has actually been a pleasant couple of days hanging out with the boys and feeling no pressure to accomplish anything.
Are you sure that’s you?
Hugo-"Wandered off from where?"
Article 70
A friend who was about to go into inpatient treatment for the second or third time asked me if I thought she was a failure for ‘not succeeding’ the previous attempts. I told her no, because there’s a huge difference between ‘failure’ and ‘not succeeding.’ The only failure in my book is not finding the courage to try. A lot of the time, that means setting aside our pride and our own self-perceptions of how we ‘should’ be able to do this or that without assistance, and that can take a whole lot of courage.
These issues are of crucial importance for the future of the young Tunisian democracy. Yet they are strangely absent from public debate, and have found little echo in the Constituent Assembly. Most “modernist” parties were content to generalize about the rule of law and the need to ensure separation of powers in their election manifestos – without going into details.
I don't believe that content mills are the only way to get started--just that they're one way. You have to choose the path that's right for you. And, if you've got the time, inclination and determination to start with content mills, it just might work for you too.
In nearly all of my posts for April I have tried to tie in some relationship to the Blogging From A to Z April Challenge. I am trying to make sure that every blog gets a mention in these posts just in case any readers have not yet made it to one of the participant's blog. I hope that every one of you have paid at least one visit to a fellow participant, left a comment, and perhaps even became a follower. In theory, every blogger in the challenge should have gained 30 to 70 new followers if this procedure were done in the way I have described. I encourage all of you to try this in the coming week--see what happens.
The cost of submission is $30 by April 22 and $40 by May 6.
You already know that the cost of losing an employee is huge. By some estimates, the cost runs between 12 and 40% of pretax revenue. Ouch!
and there's the difference, i think. when i don't physically make my words...they're just not part of me. i can pretend they are and you can pretend they are, but we're both probably just pretending. i like that we're polite that way.
Happy Friday blog readers! It feels great to be back blogging and I've almost got my sea legs back after that nine month sabbatical. Recently, I bought a new laptop since I decided that my current one was not up to snuff. The former laptop might have been the shittiest computer in use for a variety of reasons.
1. I wish I’d had the courage to live a life true to myself, not the life others expected of me.
I am excited to be an ambassador for LitWorld's World Read Aloud Day on March 7. I have already planned to have a party for my local friends to celebrate in February. It s a book exchange in which we can share books we have read and my guest will go home with a "new" book to read. I am also eager to spread the word about the amazing organization, LitWorld.
And you wanted only to do the best that you can,
O.G. is 1.062
ARE YOU MOTHER FUCKING KIDDING ME? -- and that was just Uncle Duke’s reaction.
-Are you trying to look like Lady Gaga?
Part of the reason has been down to my health and symptoms of the conditions I have - Fibromyalgia and Benign Hypermobility Syndrome and of course pain still remains from my operation which was just over 18 months ago now (OMG - where does time go). I know a lot of people who read my blog posts also suffer from Fibromyalgia so identify with me when I say that my sleeping pattern plays a large part in how I feel. Sleeping for me is a luxury. Getting to sleep is usually a problem in itself so I try to go and go until my only part-charged batteries have totally run out - this could be at silly o'clock or early. If I do go early - I find it really hard to get up and really have to force myself to get up because with the exhaustion, I could easily stay in bed all day and not get up at all - so fighting the urge to go back to sleep, I'll get up and find that I fall to sleep on and off all day. Other times I'll go to bed at silly o'clock and manage on 3-4 hours - and find myself falling to sleep all day... Recently, I had to go to the docs with pains around my achillies tendon and feet - which where sensitive each and every step I took. The doc put me on water tablets being as I have been suffering really badly with swollen legs, ankles and feet. His advice to me was to spend more time with my feel elevated, which I told him was easier said than done... So more tablets to take!!!
style keyboard-based ballad like "Moments Of Pleasure" to a
The blogosphere has spoken. For two years I have kept up this blog to little acclaim, and now that I’ve taken a step back for a short while, barely blogging once a week, I have won not one, not two, but three prolific blogger awards! So now that the blogosphere has spoken, what is it saying, that I’m more interesting when I don’t blog? That I should hurry back and refocus my energies on blogging again? I hope it’s the second. Perhaps by the end of this month I will be able to return to a more regular blogging schedule, but until then, you should check out the blogs of those who gave me the awards. They really are prolific and terrific bloggers!
Prepare the couscous
Thousands of Gulf Coast fishermen and shrimpers who were made jobless by the BP spill have volunteered to become involved in the oil cleanup. But BP has not been willing to hire more than a small number of them – and only on condition that they first renounce their right to sue the company. These fishermen are likely to lose their livelihoods for many years, and BP offers them $5000 each! This barely pays the interest on their insurance costs. Most of them have received nothing as of yet. BP also refused to supply the fishermen with protective equipment, and now many of them have become sick from exposure to the crude oil and dispersants. To add insult to injury, BP threatened to fire workers in clean-up crews who turned up for work wearing protective respirators. EPA tests have shown that the combined effect of crude oil and dispersants, in the form of small airborne particles, is even more toxic than they are separately.[7] This may also explain why five offshore rigs were shut down soon after the spill when rig workers fell ill.
Some lessons take a moment, others a life time. Maybe you can relate to a few.
Ok, that is all for now. Just popping in to share the news!
--Kittens/Puppies and other animals are not worth getting mushy over and/or talking about.
This would normally be a Wordless Wednesday post. However, several weeks ago Roberta Beyer, owner of The Fat Finch, asked me to lead a photo workshop as an event for her wonderful birding store. I happily agreed, and I wondered if anyone would attend. The event proved popular far beyond our expectations. I recruited favorite birding friend Bosque Bill to assist me, and Roberta recruited two more photographers. Our little group met at The Fat Finch early this past Saturday morning. After a basic “How to operate your camera” talk by Bosque Bill we set off to photograph birds. Everyone had a wonderful time, and most participants learned how to move their cameras off of the automatic settings.
The only change I made is to add a few yellow crosses in the center of the flower—it seemed to need something there but you can leave it out if you like. Done in a medium purple-blue colored floss, they look very much like a flower we call periwinkle or vinca. Use whatever colors you like. Try brown centers with a yellow flower (like black-eyed Susans).
And lastly, for the Malays – the largest electorate group – how will they vote this time? Will they buy Najib’s imagery of strength, will they succumb to the false calls for unity and their own selfishness for supremacy against the other races?
My next blog topic is sacred sexuality. It will be posted beginning tomorrow. But here is a preview of what I'll be talking about:
Don't forget that in January I will be giving away lots of Blog Candy as I have many new sponsors - I hope you will enjoy them and join in the challenges with my super new Design Team
The one on the paper towel is another tick species, despite looking superficially similar to the one above it. This one has shorter, rectangular or trapezoidal mouthparts, and is the American Dog Tick, or Dermacentor variabilis. These can also carry C. felis as well as things like actual Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever (Rickettsia rickettsii).
There is something so intriguing about the show. From the manor itself to all of the characters who live in it, it seems that you never know what is coming next. It is the perfect combination of mischief and mayhem and romance. My favorite part is that the story told is not just of the priveleged class, but that they also look into the lives of the manor's staff. Even further, they allow you to see the relationships that develop between the family that owns Downton and the staff.
We went straight to her room, immediately got undressed (I’m pretty sure that in our rush, we just undressed ourselves), and climbed into her bed. We even got under the covers, and i was on top of her for a passionate make out session. FigureSkater hadn’t quite discovered her wild side yet, and things were rather traditional for her first time. As we were making out, I was grinding my crotch against hers, and that was really the only foreplay we had.
You win.
4 p.m.: A friend of mine in Missira (northeast of downtown) says he hasn’t been out of his house all day — too much shooting going on. He mentions that at least one shop in his neighborhood was looted last night. Meanwhile, the BBC says troops have looted the presidential palace at Koulouba. Here in Badalabougou, though, the shots are increasingly few and far between. Perhaps the CNRDR’s call on soldiers to stop firing into the air is having some impact.
Now Ms. Amy has a divine blog with a ton more cards just like this one so take a peeky looky here
These horses received a police escort as they walked through town as part of the Battle at Lexington Reenactment. I just happened to get off the T from school at exactly the right moment as they walked down my street.
3-4 eggs
you dont care…
But once we were alive and in love and crazy
This was taken in the Kapani central market just hours before stores closed for the holidays and shoppers were looking for last minute bargains. Of course, most Greek do their shopping in supermarkets but many still prefer places like this as the prices are lower and the produce fresher. Still, if you are not used to seeing meat presented in this manner it can come as a bit of a shock.
Myth No. 5: Life insurance is only necessary for those with dependents.
1) McCain out-debates Obama and keeps the entire conversation alive. That's probably the best he can hope for, because with the events of the past two weeks it is unlikely he locks up the undecideds.
Whether that’s tomorrow or April, we don’t know, so meanwhile many of our streets, our secondary and tertiary streets (including my own) have become winter playgrounds. Children throw snowballs at each other, others build snowmen. Some make angels or practice their cross country skiing while all the assorted detritus of men, women, and animals remain in the deep bosom of the snow buried.
she hid her face from the mouse king.
I am unhappy with what I have received, it is because, as of this date,
righteous
Gas/electric water heater. Operating the water heater on electricity (when we have an electric hookup) conserves propane and silently maintains water temperature.
Here Comes The Sun- The Beatles- A beautiful song to begin the album with. Louise’s version is very subtle, yet powerful to belt out some of the notes displaying her fantastic range. I really enjoy Louise’s version.
1/ My housemate & the dogs all perched on my bed. A saturday morning (wine & beer bottles remain from a wee party I'd accidentally hosted in my room the night before - I dont usually drink in bed, I swear!).
I had them when I was in my 20's.
No one goes walking on a beach in Brazil at night, but they want to do so in this terrorist ruled death-trap!
Love your tips and suggestions. You guys are the most talented decorators I've ever seen.
If you would like to do March's swap I can send the papers with your finished sets.
The best joke in the website came at the very end, where they show an array of spools from then to now. The copy reads: "Gold metal spools replaced wooden spools. These were soon replaced by plastic spools."
