To arrive at a base rate for workers’ compensation insurance in California, each risk classification is translated into a dollar amount, which is then multiplied by 1% per $100 of the total payroll for that employee. For example, an office clerk’s compensation rate could be calculated at roughly $1.25 per every $100 that employee’s payroll may total. If the office clerk is paid $500 per week, the WC insurance premium for that employee costs an employer roughly $6.25 per week.
So how might administrators, teachers, and students use Celly to increase communication and enhance learning? Here are some ideas.
Asia as an energy tonic to promote longevity and overall health. Studies indicate that Reishi is an antioxidant and contains polysaccharides and other compounds that may boost the immune system. Reishi is taken to counter bacteria and viruses and has shown promise as an agent to help prevent or treat cancer, chronic fatigue syndrome, and other conditions. Russian researchers at the Cancer Research Center in Moscow have had positive results using Reishi extracts to boost the immunity of cancer patients.
God comes and heals now
That's it. Think you swing it? I think so, too. It's pretty hard to mess up. And another great aspect about this method is that if you want to prep the dough ahead of time, after the initial rise you can just put the dough in the refrigerator until you are ready to use it (just like that stuff in the can, only NOT). Nice!
I always tell people that if The Citadel were to ever advance to the NCAAs in basketball, that would probably be a sure sign of an imminent Apocalypse…
More than a name or a face in the crowd
Recently, we looked at David Fulmer and the innovative Five Stones Press. Fulmer spent many years with a mainstream publisher before finding himself out of favour and searching for a way to publish his latest novel, The Fall. In a retracting publishing climate, authors are finding it increasing difficult to gain publication—even within the mainstream industry—so much so, we are seeing a growing trend of authors looking to alternative paths outside of the recognised traditional publishing machine.
07. Stay inside 2:53
and lifted me from dark....
CHICKEN POZOLE
Method: Heat a fry pan and pour in 2 teaspoons of ghee. When the ghee is hot, add the green-gram dal and fry it in low heat to a light brown color. Remove the dal from heat and add it to 3 cupsful of boiling water in a vessel along with the turmeric powder, one teaspoon oil, onion, garlic, and green chillies. Cover and cook over moderate heat. When the dal is three-fourths boiled, add the vegetables and salt. When the vegebables are tender, add the tamarind extract. Cook for another 10-15 minutes or until the raw taste of tamarind disappears and the sauce is of required thick consistency. Remove from heat and keep it aside. Heat a frying pan and pour in the remaining one teaspoon of oil. When the oil is smoking hot, add in the following order, mustard seeds to splutter, dried red chillies, and the curry leaves. When the curry leaves are fried crisp, pour a spoonful of sauce over it and return it all to the sauce. Remove from the fire and stir in the coconut scrapings. Serve hot or cold as preferred.
But I can be in your face or inside your heart,
Love opens this and that
Here are some pics from the week! Hope you enjoy!
Debby
Groovy marketing of a hip product: "For immediate relief of: Chocolate Cravings, Lovesickness, Exam Pressure, Mild Anxiety & Extreme Hunger". Swiss made 33% cocoa premium milk chocolate - not only should it sell by the bucketload, it'll also solve all the world's problems (or at least make them go away for a bit). The best of the bunch.
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.--Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government. The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States. To prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world.
James 5:7-8 7Be patient, then, brothers, until the Lord’s coming. See how the farmer waits for the land to yield its valuable crop and how patient he is for the autumn and spring rains. 8You too, be patient and stand firm, because the Lord’s coming is near.
And so, after several months of feeling incredibly good and healthy, I became a bit of a slacker. Not that this was a terrible thing. I maintained my weight, and I ate only paleo approved foods. But somewhere inside I knew I just didn't feel quite right anymore. I needed to recommit.
Tuesday was of course Quiz Night at the Griffin and the season finale to the sixth season. There was definitely an excitement building up from Sunday evening with the culmination of fifteen weeks worth of work, burgers and Crabbies. Not to mention all that cake, pie and biscuits consumed on the premises. Team Yoshi were fairly certain that we were in the lead but with a lack of confirmation, we couldn’t rely on assumption alone. The target was 31/40 in order to wipe off our fifth best score of the season.
The other actors were all very good and we all got on well. Elin and I made such good friends that I stayed with her in Los Angeles for a couple of months afterwards.
ALBANY -- For the first time, the state is spelling out rules that would treat a potential threat to an endangered species' habitat as if it were a direct threat to the animal itself.
Throw in the ice cubes, garnish with a basil leaf and serve
I have been making good use of our rainy weather we had last wk. by sewing quite a bit and wanted to share some of what I've made lately. Some of you might remember that I made lots of project pouches last yr. in all colors and sizes, but this yr. (well, actually last fall when I had my giveaway) I came up w/a new twist on making them.
I am challenged to think that re-preaching sermons may actually be a good and useful thing!
But, most controversially, he is the first Tory chairman to be given office space in 10 Downing Street.
I’m currently working on two YA manuscripts. I read loads of YA fiction. I lead a YA critique group. My whole life, for the last several years, has been about YA fiction.
Notes: It’s time to let your brain know who it really works for, ENJOY!!!
a) The rights of Madeleine (the third Applicant) to her moral and physical integrity and to a fair and adequate investigation into her disappearance, in the future;
2)Ella Fitzgerald
Months ago, when I first tried running I did it with headphones on and would always feel self-conscious when anyone passed by because I didn’t know how loud I was breathing (or rather puffing), so I would breathe very little until they passed; I ended up feeling bad after running. Well since last time I did so well without headphones, I chose to forego them today as well and I felt a lot more comfortable; I realized that the wind, rustling of the trees and the rest of the natural sounds of the park drowned out my own sounds… not to mention I reasoned I was RUNNING so I had to breathe a little harder than if I were coloring. Ultimately I felt more confident, didn’t lack oxygen and came to enjoy the sounds of the trees – it felt like a crowd was cheering me on! Who doesn’t love support? (Even if its all in our heads.)
A table filled with snacks and drinks kept the ballerinas and their friends happy. And my friend's father-in-law volunteered to keep us all entertained as our very own piano man. What a treat that was!
Sean Connery on the Big Screen was amazing to say the least. Even at age 14, I could see he was a ten on the handsome scale. I loved the shiny red sports car with all the bells and whistles and the beautiful Jill St. John. The character name puns were so clever-- Tiffany Case, Plenty O'Toole, Bambi and Thumper.
MANNY: Yes you are, look you bounced outside the line.
Since I have been running out of time each day, I have gone to the archives to make this collage from our visit to Mount Magazine in Arkansas in 2009. Mount Magazine is the highest point in Arkansas and contains some wonderful views, waterfalls and hiking trails. It also has a great restaurant. Betsy and I have spent the day at Mount Magazine on every Arkansas visit for the past three or four years.
Every seat that PAS wins will count as a seat lost by UMNO.
I decided to switch gears and read a book that I had planned for my Mental Illness Advocacy Reading Challenge
In what sense, then, is Christ saying that the kingdom of God “cometh NOT with observation” and “the kingdom of God is within you”? These statements are addressed to the Pharisees.
The building contains mor old stonework than any other church in Newcastle, and is surrounded by the last of the ancient churchyards of the city to retain its original character. In the Civil War the tower received a battering during the siege of Newcastle by the Scots who finally breached The Town Wall and forced a surrender. King Charles 1 was lodged in a house in the parish when a prisonner of the Scots. In the church are three of the old stone cannonballs.
As he was being driven away, Kriss, who was a mere child, was heard to call out “what have I done? I'm only 15!” and we can only imagine the terror that 15 year old youngster experienced whilst held captive, and presumably threatened and abused, over the following hours while he was taken on a 200 mile journey before being brought back to Glasgow. When his assailants were unable to find a suitable house to take him to, they pulled up on waste land where they would take his life. Dragging their slight and terrified prey out of the car, Kriss's killers beat him, causing internal injuries, including damaged organs and at least one smashed rib, before holding him over a log and stabbing him 13 times, dousing him with petrol, and then whilst he was still alive set him alight before leaving him to burn to death.
got back to BK at 4am and wandered into the parkway which looked like this....
Cook for a couple of minutes, until golden brown on one side, then flip the sandwich and cook on the other side.
Speculation Alert
I'm pretty sure that the boys think their collective name is "Miles and Dexter" or "Dexter and Miles" or even "NO! No!"... I'm not sure that they know that one boy is exclusively dubbed 'Miles' and the other is 'Dexter'. As long as we can get those college applications (crossing fingers they'll even go to college) or even mission papers in right, I'll consider myself a successful parent.
- Be a member of one of the underrepresented minority groups (African American, Hispanic or Native American) in the sciences and related areas of technology.
We had some drinks and convo at one of my cousin’s house and crashed around 3am.
DIRECTIONS FOR SYRUP:
Heavier now the rain is falling
as opposed to how we truly are.
Was it when you first saw me arrayed in bright white?
1435 D-IX/15/2002. “St. John Chrysostom and the Greeks.” St. John Chrysostom Episcopal Church, Chicago, Illinois.
I presented a second Honorary Life Membership to Nanda Casucci-Byrne. Since 2003, Nanda has been the Private Secretary to the Lieutenant Governor of Ontario. Previously, as Head of the Ontario Honours and Awards Secretariat, she positioned Ontario as a leader in the Canadian Honours System. A great friend of the League, Nanda is truly honoured to be a new life member.
To me, Jaclyn Moriarty’s writing is special. Really truly unusual, even next to other teenage books. Why? Because she creates characters that come across as effortlessly genuine. They face real problems with varying capabilities, they’re individual, and they’re likeable. Other authors manage to write about teens well enough to convince you that they’re real. Very few can make you feel as though for the entire story, you’re eavesdropping on a real group of teens that you might overhear on a bus or at a school or cafe.
Put on the back burner.
The main light was in front and below with a DIY strip box aiming up and reflected off a piece of foam core hung above the subject. The 3rd, and last, light was behind and to the right with a DIY snoot to aim directly at the glass to brighten it up from behind.
You know how uncomfortable it is when the head of one of the umpteen committees at your quilt guild gets up in front of the room to shame everyone into participating in something for once in their damn lives? Have you run out of creative and believable excuses for getting out of, say, organizing the library or bribing the community center security guard so no one gets booted for sneaking in Schnapps and beer? This handy app generates a random excuse guaranteed to keep even the most determined committee organizer from roping you into something boring.
I decided right then to begin my ritual. I wanted them both to understand everything that was going to happen to them. It’s important to me for my victims to imagine what’s about to take place, so I raised my hand to the woman’s exposed knee, ever-so-slowly. As I touched her, I could feel her skin gently shudder as the rate of her breathing increased dramatically. The contour of her breasts exaggerated with each deep inhalation, this was made pronouncedly more difficult due to the rag crudely stuffed in her mouth. The man’s eyes widened further now. He screamed into his gag and shook violently, but to no avail. My hand crept up slowly, only an inch or two, which was right when I caught what I needed... His eyes. His eyes were filled with such a complicated kaleidoscope of fear and horror that I felt between my legs the snake of my better spirit, rising. It’s always in the eyes where one can tell if a spouse truly loves the other. It’s the eyes that let you read an entire transcript of a life spent together. It’s all in the eyes. It’s always better when they’re really in love. I needed him to watch. I needed him to absorb everything with perfect, unambiguous clarity. I was going to take him far beyond the confines of normal human depravity.
In case you missed it, Beinart says his wake-up call about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict came while watching a video of a Palestinian man being arrested for stealing water. The man’s five-year-old son saw him being taken away and cried out “Baba, Baba.” The boy was the same age as Beinart’s own son, and he felt a fleeting kinship.
The second thing is that he's out there in Raleigh Hills where gastronomy isn't quite as ... adventuresome as it is on the Eastside (would Le Pigeon be able to sell pigs feet for $11 as an appetiser on the Beaverton Hillsdale Highway?). In order to make this huge gamble pay off, Gansberg is depending on people to drive out there and drop $15 on a bottle of crazy-ass sour beer. (You can also get it at Belmont Station, eastsiders, as well as John's Market.) But those are the realities of brewing this kind of beer--it's just not possible to spend a year handcrafting this kind of product and sell it for less. I wish him well and I hope everyone who reads this goes out and supports his cause--if for no other reason than to support his further experimentations, which are unique in the state.
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Wash and cut fruit. Mix brown sugar, cinnamon, and ginger in a bowl.
REMOVING THE PROVISION FROM THE HEALTH CARE LAW ALTOGETHER!!!
ND - But what is it that we are trying to stop here. Is it that we are trying to get clubs to live within their means? Because if it is the way to do that is to make sure that clubs pay their players on time, pay the taxman on time and if they should go into administration they get hit with a huge penalty. Actually stopping clubs emerging from administration is another thing entirely so we have to be careful to be talking about what really is going on here and I think once you talk to the supporters, particularly the supporters that were involved in that survey, once you explain the reality of what a newco is and what a CVA is, it does put a different complexion on things and I think people are using terminology like liquidation when liquidation may never happen under either proposal. It may happen but it may not happen. You know, it’s newco and transfer of share or CVA, but the distinction is a fairly fine one.
some of them showed a large banner reading a slogan demanding the release
Chop them up. That's all
P.S. ~ If you're still reading...this really wasn't a QUICK post, huh?
global collectivism brings eternal death to all spirits in seemingly ever-last existences
- March 1970 records “Govinda” single with devotees of The Radha Krishna Temple
This week I am also definitely planning to make some caramel syrup for coffees. I did make some pumpkin spice latte syrup a couple of years back so I know it's not hard. Santa gave me some caramel syrup for Christmas so I think as the little bottle will be empty in a day or so I will make my own to refill it. I do try and drink coffee at home. I like to add the $4 a coffee out would have cost me to my savings jar. It makes me feel virtuous even though I am anything but most of the time.
Unlike most people who are still struggling with their dilemma of how much to give, I've made my decision, and I'm sticking to it.
Rather than throw it away and start over, I decided to go with it and see what happens. I worked through my frustration at the puddling of sticky ink in the hair and clothing then did my best to look at it in a different way. The strokes of color are quite evident almost like the strokes created when working with heavy oil paints. Yikes! Even my airbrushing techniques didn't work and the color slid across the surface of the paper.
300g unsalted butter, at room temperature
One last observation... why the giant, over-sized, look-at-my-enormous-schlong padding on the side of your pant leg? If you're confident enough to not protect your HEAD, then why protect your nether regions? Perhaps this is an insight into the true mentality of these Latin-cultured performers.
As this A.P. article by Michelle Smith explains, the second grader made the hat for some kind of hat day, and he was inspired by having met a soldier last year. He wanted to honor the guy and our troops. That’s an impulse you really want to squash, right? Respect? Gratitude? Feh!
Thanks for playing along with the 4 Crafty Chicks! We can't wait to see what you create!
At one of their rare personal meetings (they only met in person seven times), Johnson gave Warner thirteen cardboard boxes, tied with string and labeled "Bob Box One, "Bob Box Two," and so on. The boxes were packed with letters, drawings, photocopies and found objects - the stuff of Johnson's art.
The fine-toothed implications of these statements are being worked out at length in my manifesto book, which will be done quite soon. I’m going to be out of the country for July, but back at work on this in August, and I see no reason why the entire text won’t be done by then.
One of your three main enemies – “the world” – wants to attack your character and integrity primarily because of greed – the love of money.
As someone who stopped buying D&D products before the advent of 2e, and has since then purchased just one 3e book and nothing for the 3.5 and 4e games, I have nothing to lose and everything to gain if WotC gets it right with 5e. If they get it right, and I have a strong feeling they just might do so, they'll win me back as a fan and a paying customer. If they don't, no skin off my nose, I'll keep playing what I'm playing and browsing the OSR buffet for tasty morsels.
Obi still takes two naps during the day, but he's spacing them out so that I think he is transitioning to one nap a day. Micah is his big buddy and can get him to sleep better than anyone else. This bond with Micah will be useful when we wean from night nursing.
Reading shaped me as a person. Reading expanded my imagination. Reading turned me into a writer. And that’s a kind of desperation I wouldn’t necessarily wish upon anyone, but I do wish that every kid could have the literary upbringing I had. If ever I have children, they will be subjected to nightly reading, whether they like it or not. It’s just like eating vegetables. It’s good for you.
I mean, after all, the one constant in your life is you. You will always be by your side; you will always wake up with yourself, and talk to yourself. You will be the only one who shares in all your successes and overcomes all of your challenges. You are and should be amazingly important to yourself.
THE PERFECT STORM
As difficult as it is to place our "wants" to the side, it is most important and imperative that we do what is truly best- best for us and our current situations.
NYC DECLARES WEATHER EMERGENCY
Thanks to the inept leadership of former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and former defense minister Amir Peretz, neither of whom had ever held military command, the IDF was thrown haphazardly into Lebanon against Hezbollah in 2006 without adequate planning or logistics and initially suffered heavy casualties, with the unprepared IDF being surprised by Hezbollah's tactics and their level of training. Northern Israel also sustained heavy damage and civilian casualties from Hezbollah's missiles. However, once a coordinated ground assault began, Israeli forces ultimately macerated whole units of Hezbollah's ground forces, and destroyed most of Hezbollah's missile arsenal.
A: At the time I thought I was exaggerating for effect. But looking around now, much of what I wrote about the Remnant (the Bring-on-Armageddon sect in the book) could be dropped into a news broadcast without anybody batting an eye.
Contrast faux-Whites with ordinary Whites, who generally don't want to discuss race, and certainly not jews, but when we do we tend to speak earnestly, without guile. Then compare faux-Whites with ordinary jews, who tend to be openly concerned about what they think is best for jews, and almost unanimously recoil with disgust at White anything. The main difference is that faux-Whites are able to partially mask this disgust and are more cryptic or even in complete denial about the primacy of their pro-jewish priority, but they tellingly denounce anyone who sees through them as "anti-semitic". Rather than attacking from outside they prefer to cloak themselves in "white" as they subvert/co-opt/neuter Whiteness from within.
Maybe that is what I want to teach myself. Maybe that is recently what I learned.
They hugg’d and napp’d the moonlit earth
6. Get home, realise I have measured width in inches, length in centimetres.
Martin McDonagh (director/writer- In Bruges)
They are far more concerned about unemployment than the majority suggesting where to focus our campaigning efforts to attract this vote. Other things which are important to attract this vote would be improving opportunities for minorities and tackling oppression and discrimination:
The warning really chaps Ms. Nunn's hide. Periodically, she emails Writer Beware, or gets others to email us, trying to find out exactly what we know (or possibly to tempt us into making actionable statements). The emails usually purport to be from anxious writers researching the company--but certain key details and questions (such as a request for the case numbers of the police investigations of which ABP has been a target) tip us off to who's really responsible.
Swing House & Hell Ya Present:
There will be more mixes to come from DJ SLT, the freestylin’ music lover who frequents the airwaves of community radio.
For the next few weeks I want to find environmentally conscious substitutes for the non-food items I use on a regular basis (shampoo, toilet paper, etc.). Through buying secondhand, or at least partially recycled products –I will be creating less waste and supporting companies who are making “green” production decisions. I think this is an important change for me to make for several reasons, the main one being: I love to shop. I am constantly browsing through stores both online and around town. This project is a great opportunity to use this hobby as a way to get creative and put my money towards eco-conscious companies and products. The best part is the more I do this, the less unnecessary waste is created –leaving the world a greener, more sustainable place each time I shop!
but of course...this fun journey would not have been possible without the King of Distress...Tim Holtz...our cool "Professor"...he's a great teacher...full of inspiration with a great knowledge of the products he loves...his extraordinary talent and great sense of fun guided us all step-by-step through the Creative Chemistry 101 Online Class...can't wait for the next one and remember it's all about enjoying the journey and learning to...
and for forcing your buttons to maximize their potential.
If not, step outside and savor a few moment in the out of doors.
More than a dozen men, including a doctor, a man who claimed to work for the Brooklyn Diocese and a guard at a high-end security firm, were hauled before a judge Monday to face charges they patronized a sex-trafficking ring run by cab drivers.
The current work is an intense and political piece. It discusses the liberal secular support for multiculturalism. It discusses whether the UK establishment confuses acceptance of multiracialism for support of different and sometimes severely oppressive cultural values.
loyalty towards one another;
The following activities will provide you with plenty of sensory experiences you will enjoy while strengthening your mental acuity.
A macrocosmic doughnut hole
Except when you don’t.
Here is how Friday night went.
In this episode, Max Keiser and co-host, Stacy Herbert discuss the bull market in discontent, MF Global clients begging JP Morgan for their money back, Zynga insiders dumping shares in an ‘innovative’ manner and Max does a mean impersonation of Jamie ‘Pick a pocket or two’ Dimon. In the second half of the show Max talks to activist Andy Stepanian about animal rights activism, Occupy Wall Street and the dangers of success against corporations.
Our plate of housemade breads are delightful, and I'll admit I took childish glee in cutting miniature slices from my petit brioche loaf. The brioche is wondrously soft despite its size, and the poached quince sourdough is refined and elegant.
that is ultimately... slow and subdued. The song sort of creeps in until Jónsi’s voice
“Sarah pinned spiked-heel sandals to her fashion board. Sarah’s thick ankles will not support this look, but her board is one pin fuller.”
Paul Bladden, New York Sentinel: Well, I hope you're satisfied, asshole! You just blew your chance to cover the world!
Vyomesh Joshi: One of the primary hurdles presently is speed, or “time to part”, which today is more than 8 hours average. Other technology-related hurdles include color, and connectivity — meaning how easy it is to convert a 3D or 2D design into a 3D part. We also believe that significant innovation should be focused on materials developed and used. In addition to the technology hurdles, there are obstacles related to cost, user experience and the development of compelling applications. As with any nascent technology, however, we expect 3D printing to overcome those hurdles as the market grows and matures.
Mule Train - Count Price Miller (Frankie Laine N’50)
OK. The post above was a bit facetious and that was probably bad of me. Of greater concern is that the post may be seen as anti-Jewish and pro-Christian. It is neither. I give Christian theology a hard time too -- as you can see from my Scripture blog. It is just that as an atheist I am in a position to read the original texts without religious preconceptions and I like to do that. Doing that does produce some awkward conclusions at times, though.
With a Chinese and English background Peony Lim travels between London and Asia to write her online style diary, work as a stylist and find pieces to sell in her online boutique (launching November 2011).
It may not be what I would choose as my everyday beer nowadays (although there was a long time for which it was) but if I had been able to go back for the Gunfire Breakfast at the RSL and the bloke I had met earlier handed me a foaming pot of ice cold VB, I’d be honoured to share one with him. No doubt as many kegs as there are surviving diggers will be emptied in bars and clubs around the country today and I doubt many will be Strong Belgian Ales or Double Imperial Russian Stouts.
That was the year that Father Tracy died
Readings don't get any better than this one coming up in London, in support of Oxfam on the 1st of December (my birthday!) - just under three weeks away:
We are happy to announce that All our Digi Stamps from older collections are now available for instant download when payments are made via PayPal direct.
I have hope,
to get there
Either way, the kittens are on their way to good health and Jenn and I will keep a close watch on them.
Carl is also available, schedule permitting, to work with authors to do custom covers, but those are more money. Contact him for info.
You might notice my little lack of describing the rest of the day in proper words but as I had so many different impressions of the day the moment I turned myself around (and I'm not exaggerating), it is hard to put everything in just one post. I therefore will talk about specific labels and their designers the following posts and I will surely keep up with other updates.
In POD publishing, an author pays for a service, anything which physically results from the service, the book, the book layout and cover files should, by right, belong to the author who pays for the service. In theory, a POD publisher should only be left with their copy of the publishing contract when the service has been executed. I applaud the few POD publishers who happily hand over all print files when the author/publisher terminates, or the contract reaches its period of cover.
Happily in reality this ridiculous choice does not exist in real life, and I am content to cast my lot in one of the other options that exist: after all, one can always spoil one’s ballot.
In order to become a backer of the show, you need to create a Kickstarter account but you do not need to give them your credit card information. They use Amazon Payments for all credit card processing. I’m sure that most of you already purchase your books and other things on Amazon and already have an account.
The Demon Father preparing for war. Jake striking out to rescue his best friend. The Scream of the Banshees. The introduction of the disgusting and adorable Brag Badderson. The truth about Simon Lydgate’s demon heritage. Something very strange happening at Wembley Stadium. Jake’s tortuous journey on the ‘Scarab Path’. The predictions of the Seer of the Borderlands. The re-emergence of an old enemy. A battle wits between Jake and the darkest witchfinder in human history. The secrets of the mysterious Claviger. The unholy sisters of Marcus Crowden and… well… that would be telling…
Wisdom
When I heard that Margaret had died, my first bereft thought was of all those yet unfulfilled desires and selfishly, that I would never get to read her work in print.
The clouds are floating rags across them curled,
Last night I felt adventurous for some reason – maybe it was because I was out with a group I’d never dined with before. I decided to go for the Chicken Harissa from Milestones. It was fantastic and really unique (I’m not a foodie but I can appreciate good food). It’s not that often that I like a meal enough that I’ll want to recreate it at home (peanut curry and shawarma excepted). Hand me a tasty baked good and I’ll more than likely want the recipe but now I want to make me some Harissa.
What was to write if I had no thoughts of feelings about it? I could have puzzled about WHY I didn’t have thoughts nor feelings but that would have been a literary device. Yet, without any literary device the diaries were boring and void. One could never get any good sense of the 18 year old who wrote them.
This doesn't work with every shirt, though. I had to choose a shirts that weren't too long, or the cuff that goes under the belt would have gotten too big and bulky. I also had to carefully choose shirts that were thick/dark enough and cut in such a way as to obscure the top of the dress beneath it. At right, for example, I actually wanted to wear a brighter blue tee, but since it has a scoop neck, the brown bits of the v-neck dress were peaking out.
I am so blessed and so thankful for each and every one of you!!!
My gut was telling me it was time to go & bugger me it's probably right...again! This isn't the first tricky (slightly reckless) decision I've ever made, when I was 20 I left a good job to go back to uni & complete my degree, when I was 27 I left my first marketing job with no where to go. At the time there were people around me who said I was making bad decisions that I would live to regret. One particularly supportive boss suggested as a result of my decision I would be, & I quote 'unemployable'. Both worked out fine & led me to where I am now, so at 33 making another significant change, I just have to trust that there's no reason why it won't be ok this time too.
Of course there were many other wonderful quilts in the show, but I will have to share those tomorrow, as I am almost out of battery on my laptop. But I thought I would close by sharing the text I received from my son, when I told him that I had won ribbons on all 3 quilts..... He replied.... "LOL you mean a quilt with my face on it won a ribbon!"
Though I went Bohemian Woman I Will Raise Babies On My Own, I of course am worried. (I also have a BabyDaddy quite liberally involved in the raising-of-babies.) Sometimes it crushes me, that idea that I've sentenced my children to the Non-ideal Life. Perhaps I really have done something terribly wrong. But then I remember to look at things over the span of one hundred years, or one hundred thousand, or I think about how old the Earth is, and I realize that I Love, I Clothe, I Feed, I Teach, and I Nuture- and I enjoy the hell out of it. That, in my book, is perfectly adequate. Not perfect, but really no worse than anyone else has got it. Perhaps my children will even learn to be daring, to create what they want, to be who they desire and shape their world into the adventure they've dreamed of.
I wouldn’t trade this moment for anything.
Be careful whose advice you buy, but be patient with those who supply it. Advice is a form of nostalgia. Dispensing it is a way of fishing the past from the disposal, wiping it off, painting over the ugly parts and recycling it for more than it’s worth.
As well as: learning how to cope with severe Norwegian winters, multiple car repairs, working in the kindergarten, buying sofas, dishwashers, lawnmowers, getting the bugs treated in our basement, a couple of lovely trips to Berlin and one to England, paragliding in Australia, America, Austria, visits from the parents, and planning new adventures for next year. All in all it’s a bit of a whirlwind and it’s easy to think it slid by without a lot happening, but it clearly did! A year I am glad to have had but not sorry to leave behind.
I've been wanting to try making a chiffon cake for a while now, so when we found out it was our our friend K's birthday last week, I thought it would be the perfect time to try making one. I decided to try this recipe for coffee chiffon cake.
EOH: Do you feel that you and other members of the Congressional Black Caucus are being targeted?
3/4 cup old fashioned oats
Because folks showed up for Session Beer Day in a big way, especially after only 19 days of preparation! There are brewers who are thinking up session beers now, there are bars that are reconsidering their tap set, there are drinkers who have found out that small can be beautiful...all because of Session Beer Day.
We recently did a little overhaul in our office. It was the one room that still felt extremely unfinished and completely cluttered from our move almost two years ago. I was a goofball and didn't take before pics so the after pics really won't be impressive to you becuase I will assure you that it's nothing very fancy. However, we're happy with our little office/Boone's room and that's what matters. (What really matters is I don't feel a vein in my neck popping out from stress each time I walk in the room now. I kid.)
Nearly 400,000 low-income children—a bit more than half of all students—will also be eligible for vouchers to attend private schools. State officials estimate that about 2,000 students will use vouchers this September given private-school capacity limits, but that tens of thousands will do so over time.
I feel like I woke up with a cork on my head instead of a head. My face is so swollen, I look like the Beast from Beauty and the Beast. The underneath of my eyes is actually making contact with the frames of my glasses. Allergy season has come. I can’t gripe about this too much because I find that I am not afflicted with this at all when I choose to eat clean. I just have not been choosing to eat clean of late. I need to get on a better diet.
I feel so drained. So very tired. I sat out in the sun with the kids for a little while and thought I would fall asleep - but that would be bad, with five kids in the house. Now I only have two, three have gone home.
Thanks for your comment on “1001 Horrible Facts - By Yukkopedia”.
"Grades are a problem. On the most general level, they're an explicit acknowledgment that what you're doing is insufficiently interesting or rewarding for you to do it on your own. Nobody ever gave you a grade for learning how to play, how to ride a bicycle, or how to kiss. One of the best ways to destroy love for any of these activities would be through the use of grades, and the coercion and judgment they represent. Grades are a cudgel to bludgeon the unwilling into doing what they don't want to do, an important instrument in inculcating children into a lifelong subservience to whatever authority happens to be thrust over them."-Derrick Jensen
Of course I made a mistake in the code that would check if a space was empty and did not realize it so I made light smoke which I had smoke transition to. That was the beggining of my sinking more then four hours into something that technicly could have been done in one. You see the smoke was interesting. Sure all it did was transition turn by turn till it was gone but each state only took three lines of code in a simple Switch, one of which was for the break. The code went like so:
Saint Catherine
Obviously, what he means is that Other People’s standard of living must level off. The alarmists do actually want to drag the world (well, everyone else in the world but themselves) back to the 1400′s.
The mom and dad gift
SO STUPID!!!
Season 1:
4 taking
Often I will hear by son Jonathan talking about inventing something new. He’ll ask me, “Has some already invented a dishwasher you can load without scraping the dishes?” Usually he comes up with something already out there (By the way, I am convinced I thought of the dishwasher with the garbage disposal first – when I was a young boy learning to help in the kitchen.)
Recently I have arrived at a new milestone. Two years in a relationship. A good relationship, despite my many commitment fears and imposed anxieties from a previous relationship. However, now I don’t know what to do. What do you do in a long term relationship after two years? There seems to be no blueprint in my present nor in my past life, no clue how to handle this situation. And my nomadic heart wants to run for the hills. There it can find new stimuli and rejoice in new activities to my heart’s content.
Nope not necessary at all. All a person has to do is not respond to it. You can still be nice and cordial to a person who is flirting with you in front of your SO without being rude and send out the signal or sign that you are with someone. I have seen people do a number of things to let a person know they are taken and not down for making their partner feel awkward. Some will just smile and end the conversation or interaction once it becomes clear the person is crossing that line and disrespecting their partner by being overtly flirtatious. Others will mention something in conversation about their SO in a subtle yet telling way to let the other person know it’s not that kind of party. And some will outright tell the other party that while they are flattered by their attention, they are there with someone or are in a relationship. There are so many things a person can do to fan the flirting flames of some male or female floosy without making a scene or being rude. You can still be friendly and nice and still look out for your partner’s best interest.
Hell’s Angel
Figuring out the values in painting has been an ongoing problem for me. Until now, everything I did was always dark, too dark. So I almost feel that I don't want to mess with things.
3. There is being racist (think Archie Bunker from All in the Family) and then there is racist behaviour (see above). Either way we have a problem (and the Human Rights Commission looks at impact, not intent) but maybe the roots don’t go as deep in the latter, and maybe in that case by raising awareness we can create change since maybe it’s not embedded in a person’s beliefs.
I have heard it argued–not exactly sure what it has to do with anything but nevertheless…that Hitler was an atheist and Nazism was an atheist movement.
and take a break. Keep me company.
Until now, much of the U.K.’s hyperlocal activity has been under the radar. The volume of standalone citizen-led efforts in particular makes it difficult to get a sense of the scale and impact of the sector.
This week I have been trying to defend my lack of religious belief against an onslaught from various believers who seem to think it impossible to be without religion. I admit it, I usually start the discussions but it seems that the very concept of religious belief and all it entails are so ingrained in the psyche of some people that they cannot comprehend that non-belief in any divine power means anything other than just that. First you get all the one-liners (if atheism is a religion, abstinence is a sexual position etc) but they don’t really get to the heart of the matter or indeed explain the fundamental differences between belief and non-belief.
The other things are just for a quest, except the cute potato thing in the middle (which I’ll get to in a second). Oh and there’s a low chance that they’ll also drop a 1.5X EXP Coupon, a Maple Coin, or other lulPots (you know the drill, Reindeer Milk & Sunrise Dew).
- roasted eggplant and used it in Eggplant and White Bean Hummus
I did some reading on how to cure and prepare the potatoes for winter. So right now they're drying in the basement before I move them to a more humid area for storage. Since we didn't build a humid root cellar, I think I'm going to build a shelving unit, drape it in plastic, and put some shallow pans of water underneath. If you have any methods you've used to store taters over winter, let us know.
Okay, now you should have noticed mine is "hei jian" (shrimp) and not "oh jian" (oyster). Well frankly I loved the eggs and the gelatinous texture but not necessarily the oyster, also I wanted the convenience of eating it whenever I feel like it and not rushing out to buy the oyster. But of course you can substitute the shrimp with oyster or simply use both. But this shrimps omelette pancake (虾煎) can definitely satisfied my cravings.
You know when you can really delve into a book, into a story, the characters becoming real for you, the places being conjured up in front of your inner eye, complete with sounds and scents? That did not happen for me here, and I certainly do not blame the author; he probably never intended to create something so personal and atmospheric - after all, he said it himself, the book was supposed to be a sketch.
I’m grateful that so far almost all of the sports parents I’ve encountered in my town seem to get this. I’m hoping that it continues in the upper levels, through high school. Sure, some coaches are overly intense for the age level of their players, but only once did I ever hear a coach encourage his team to “crush” their opponents, or lead the girls in a victory dance worthy of a MLB playoff game. (These were 3rd graders! THIRD GRADERS!)
Level 8: MP Cost: 16, Attacks up to 4 enemies 3 times, Damage: 206%, 4% chance to stun the enemy for 2 seconds.
Sewing Projects
Leahy (D-VT)
I've been dragging my feet packing up my scrapbook room. I still need all of my stuff out. Ok, not all of it..but the essentials. I've even contemplated making my own little nook at The Scrapbooking Studio in the crop room. LOL
TomP, August 2011
Another element of the big idea was how it could be marketed to students and staff, which involved using core students at institutions to spread the word to their friends via ‘personalised’ flyers. The details don’t matter now, but there were some good marketing ideas.
23. Defend Libyan Workers, examines the possibilities existing in Libya after the fall of Gaddafi. It cautions that the material conditions in Libya, limit the possibilities, and especially for Libyan workers.
So DO bring in images or other book designs that you love or hate to show your designer but DON’T expect your book to look the same or even similar. Designer brains work in crazy ways and the designer might realize that all the samples you brought in had great Typeography so that is the angle they take. You might not get it at first, but ask questions! Designers often have reasons for doing things that you would never think of so communicate with your designer. If after you’ve discussed it you are truly not happy with the design TELL THEM! Your editor doesn’t sugar coat for you and I bet you appreciate that. So will your designer and I’ll let you in on a secret… We know when you’re lying to us, we know when you don’t like it but are too nice to say… so just say it. But be respectful about it, designers have feelings too.
Swim 75m
"You are making the world know you as a place of racial intolerance and double standards," he said.
“Huh!” I heaved a welcome sigh of relief. My son’s exams were over. I was free once again to do all that I wanted. No need of yelling until I got hoarse. No need of restricting my television programmes. No need of trying hard to stay away from the computer. Wow! It has been ages since I felt this wonderful feeling of freedom! I was free!
#147 Shade trees
Opposition political parties reacted with anger to Mthethwa's latest "extravagance".
The Penguins desperately need someone to push each of them down one slot in the depth chart, and to eat up 20 minutes a night of mostly puck-possessing play. Matt Niskanen elevated his play to help in thie regard, but the team operates much better when he can play Letang-lite on the third pairing with Deryk Engelland.
...sigh ...
Road car build quality wasn’t a Lotus forte. The meaning behind the name Lotus died with Chapman but unhappy owners fashioned their own meaning; Lots Of Trouble Usually Serious. Mechanical failures and iffy build quality marred Chapman era Lotus cars. If only Colin Chapman had infused as much of time into the road car making and business side of Lotus as he did with his racing team. People managed to forget these niggles when their sports cars were healthy. Lotus Seven’s, Elite’s, Elan’s, Europa’s and Esprit’s were all recognised by enthusiastic owners and the press as being great road cars, as well as being pretty on the eye. Their light mass, composed handling characteristics and eager engines made for a fun drive. People who enjoyed driving bought a Lotus. Their Formula 1 racing success with legendary names bolstered Lotus’s position as the go to people for sporting British cars. Jim Clark, Nigel Mansell and Ayrton Senna all raced Lotus F1 cars.
Mbeki sustained efforts to centralise power
Fur Vest: Vintage
Iván Meade - Your interiors definitely celebrate restraint and order. To what/whom do you owe this influence?
They're engaged! A wedding is already in the planning stages for the summer, the setting is will be spectacular since they are planning to have the wedding at his parents' home... with this gorgeous view.
The Eagle has the scoop on both of them. Susan Hayward, who was born Edythe Marrener, has a local claim to fame almost equal in importance to her Oscar win for I Want To Live (1959). She was the first girl to deliver newspapers for the Brooklyn Eagle.
And talking about trouble, the other day I was at the grocery store and I heard somebody in the next aisle talking about my kids. I didn’t want to get my pressure up more than it already was so I didn’t say anything. But let me tell you this before I go, and please go back to all them holier than thou testifying, testi-lying folks up in the church and tell them: They just aint my bad kids, they Deacon Elkanah’s bad kids and he aint done right by them or me.
Too big, you know.
Fat: 2
~Anton Chekhov
whose hearts I hold gently and mould with my soul
"Oh no, here comes that sun again. That means another day without you, my friend. And it hurts me to look into the mirror at myself, and it hurts even more to have to be with somebody else. And it's so hard to do, and so easy to say, but sometimes you just have to walk away. So many people to love in my life, why do I worry about one? But you put the happy in my ness, you put the good times into my fun. And it's so hard to do, and so easy to say, but sometimes you just have to walk away and head for the door. We've tried the goodbye so many days. We walk in the same direction so that we can never stray. They say if you love somebody then you have got to set them free, but I would rather be locked to you than live in this pain and misery. They say time will make all this go away, but it's time that has taken my tomorrows and turned them into yesterdays. And once again, that rising sun is dropping on down, and once again, you my friend, are no where to be found. And it's so hard to do, and easy to say, but sometimes you just have to walk away and head for the door. " -Ben Harper, "Walk Away" (as recommended by my therapist)
*giggle*
a joy popping air head, a space cadet on speed”.
The restaurant contained more than 100 years back. Until today, the owner is already the fourth generation of the originator which bring the family secret recipe from china. Khun Dang, present owner, tells the story of the restaurant briefly that he is the fourth generation owner already. Previously is own by the father of Khun Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi, owner of Thai Beverage and being the third richest man in Thailand. Second and first generation is Khun Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi’s father great grandfather which traveling from china.
Unlike sci-fi and rom-com, however, this is more specialized a segment of movie-goers than you might think. They're not the kind who wear their preferences on their sleeve, necessarily, but they do go see this kind of movie when it's there.
Finding love in your purpose never occurred to me until I thought about my past failed romantic encounters. Coming across someone with great conversation, factoring great looks and chemistry, one would think a relationship would soon blossom. But as time goes on, you feel a bit on the indecisive side for some unknown reason, as you see it at the beginning. And further down the road, you or the other person eventually lose interest. Neither one of you can put a finger on the reason why you parted ways. There’s absolutely no point of reference to the end of what could have been. It’s not a coincidence for someone after being in a five year relationship and all of sudden they have to “find” their self and “see” what else is out there. Many people have these epiphanies because they don’t know who they are. And I’m sure you don’t want to find yourself confessing these words to someone you invested your time and energy with. But have you really considered the underlying reason relationships in the past didn’t workout other than that person not being the one? Think a little deeper. The answer is quite simple. Shift your focus from love to your purpose.
Hubby: Okay, I'll read you the questions and you answer them using the scale 1: not at all like me to 5: extremely like me. Ready?
Baekhyun nodding, his lips make a smile. “Yes, he is nice.”
The citizens of Phocaea have only three weeks to live–unless they can team up to outwit the saboteurs, subdue the artificial sapient, and replace their missing ice stores in time.
representative by Hillary Clinton, the wife of Jesuit-trained Bill
How are the recordings for the second album going? When is it going to be finished?
Nine out of 10 claims made by customers who receive a letter are expected to be upheld, according to the regulator, which has warned banks not to include jargon or marketing materials in the correspondence.
All of this leads us to a pivotal question: If God did not desire animal sacrifice, if child sacrifice is something that never entered into God’s mind, and if God forgives iniquity and remembers sin no more apart from any required sacrifices, what sense does it make to assert that God required the sacrificial death of Jesus in order to forgive us?
Little Yellow Bicycle Paper Snowflake Kit (Winter Twig Collection)
as rays of sunlight shine through
I've stood the easel right back so you can see the sentiment but really it looks better when it stands in front of the sentiment on the lace - oh that lace it gave me such problems this week - made my DT card and completely forgot the lace part of the challenge so this is the second, and completely different card I made - note to self - read the challenge when making a DT card!!
Reading this book – the 13th in the Detective Warshawski series – is like catching up with a long-time acquaintance. Not a friend mind you, an acquaintance. V.I. as she prefers - not Vicki or Victoria and only occasionally Vic - is portrayed once again as a brusque, nearly unisex character with conflicted identity issues. Even at the age of 50, she’s far too tough on herself. V.I. does some considerable soul searching while assuming the persona of a champion whose mission it is to right injustice.
A Farmers' Market is a predominantly fresh food market that operates regularly within a community, at a focal public location that provides a suitable environment for farmers and food producers to sell farm-origin and associated value-added processed food products directly to customers.
Add a few drops of water to some bicarb and make a thick paste. Wipe over the crayon marks and scrub off with a terry cloth.
At the same time, machines gave rise to a new social division: the middle class. It muddled things considerably, for, as it rapidly expanded, this new economic force blurred the line between the lower and upper classes by taking on characteristics of both. An entirely new phenomenon occurred: social movement. A working class person could, conceivably go up in the world, becoming “lower middle class.” Conversely, a “toff” could fall from grace (as one side of my own family did), and plunge into the "upper middle class" category (we sank even farther).
This is one of the many conch shell dumping grounds on Grand Bahama Island. There are literally tens of thousands of shells here in this one pile.
Well, I will hush for now, Daddy. I promise to meet you here again, from time to time, on the pages of my heart. Happy 78th Birthday, Merry Christmas, and I love you!
fresh berries
The Kings of Old School: Ricky Michaels and Marty Lane (D) (c) vs. The International Hit Squad: ‘Foul Pole’ Andy Golatta and Daniel-San (I)
With school being out and having all 6 kids at home, combine that with the 3 dogs and 34 chickens and I think it’s safe to say that where I work is more zoo-like than office. But I ask you, what better way is there to celebrate the humane-canine-fowl-child bond than by bringing all these critters to my office?
grated Parmesan or Gran Padano cheese to taste
Although I've seen chopines before, it never occurred to me that chopines were hidden underneath women's billowing skirts. In fact, the wearing of tall chopines meant that skirt lengths had to be substantially lengthened and necessitated a significant increase in the amount of expensive cloth needed to make such skirts. Furthermore, since a woman could not walk far on such pedestals, servants were also necessary. Thus, the wearing of tall chopines was symbolic of a family's wealth and status.
This seems unlikely. The thin copper-alloy sheet is not robust enough to make hanging bowls useful cooking pots (Pollington 2003). Moreover, the internal decoration would have been obscured by anything opaque like thick soup or stew, quite apart from the difficulties of cleaning sticky or burned-on residues out of the delicate decorations (and don’t even think about the problems of cleaning stew out of the mounting point for the rotating trout in the large Sutton Hoo hanging bowl).
Cats worldwide are preparing for battle against the Alvah Consciousness.
We have seen that one focal point of traffics likely to be at or near the railway station, and that in the modern town the railway station at which the majority of people will arrive and from which they will depart seems to demand much the same emphasis that was given to the ancient town gateways. . Considerations of fitness and convenience, then, alike suggest that in front of the station there should be an open space or place to give dignity to this main entrance to the town and to afford space for the bustling traffic which must congregate there, and in the planning of this place the pedestrian should receive consideration. He should not, the moment he emerges from the station, be in danger, whichever way he turns, of being run over by road traffic.
STOP trying to make others who I think they should be,
You can - not treat one without the other... I mean they ARE connected, are they not..??
“Well if you had had the abortion, you wouldn’t feel like crap, “ he scolded her. He paced around the room. “ What the hell were you thinking? You can’t seriously be considering having a baby, it’s just ridiculous? Barbara will kill me and you barely have the money to pay for your own needs, let alone a baby’s! Do you know how much babies cost? You need a crib, and a stroller, and formula and diapers, and baby clothes that they outgrow in like three weeks and toys and medicine if they get sick…it’s just not cheap having a baby…”
B: "Baby Mason is my cousin"
The night drave on wi' sangs and clatter.
One witness, Uddha Bahadur Gurung, described how the river suddenly turned into a lethal surge.
According to Indonesia’s Central Bureau of Statistics, consumer prices rose 0.21 percent for April over March. Core inflation, excl. food and energy, came in at 4.24 percent vs 4.25 percent in March.
As said by His Excellency Marcel Lefebvre, "The Novus Ordo Missae, even when said with piety and respect for the liturgical rules, is impregnated with the spirit of Protestantism...it bears within it a poison harmful to the Faith"
Finally a little bit of Spring popped up in our front garden! Hard to believe as there are still mounds of snow and at least 3’ still needs to melt in our yard! This little bit of color after our record setting winter not only cheered me but inspired me.
Soundtrack: a Biedronka advertising jingle, 'Daj się zaskoszyć, jakością Biedronki' - 'Be surprised by Biedronka quality'.
We don't know when we'll get up to the cottage next because we're moving in just over a month. Hopefully its sooner rather than later though. Until then, Elizabeth can keeping making us sound like snobs as she asks everyone "Do you got a boat? I do..."
I used to think that the Mall of America had limited options in terms of satisfying my sweet tooth. However, on a recent trip there I found I was terribly mistaken. First off, I am a lover of crepes. Not the ham and cheese variety, but the ooey gooey chocolatey kind. The Magic Pan Crepe Stand totally fits the bill. I was celebrating a recent job offer a week ago and decided to indulge in the Chocolate Nutella and Cherries Crepe. OMG. This thing is humongous, stuffed to the gills with sweet, syrupy dark cherries and rich, creamy Nutella. In case that's not enough, they serve it with a heaping mound of whipped cream and chocolate drizzle on top. My favorite local crepe place in Woodbury, MN is Sati Coffee. They have awesome crepe flavors such as the Cinnamon Roll crepe and the Bananas and Cream crepe. I usually need two of them to satisfy my appetite. Not the case at Magic Pan. I gobbled that crepe up at lightning speed and ended up with cherry goo smeared on my purse handle when it flopped over into my plate. However, my tummy forced me to slow down at the end of my sweet journey and I actually left a couple bites on the plate. Even the Cheesecake Queen has to say no sometimes.
After more than a month it is clear that the Occupation Movement isn’t going anywhere. Here in Hampton Roads the grass roots movement is spreading like wildfire.
The Mossad and the Mujahedeen-e-Khalq (MEK/PMOI): The Alliance of Terror Against Iran
PCW Title Match
Little did I realise, when I retired from my job back in August 2008, that two years later I'd be kitted out in knee breeches, bells, baldric and rop (that's what they call the spotted neckerchief, apparently), stepping out with Long Man Morris at various venues throughout East Sussex and beyond. And I have to admit, dear bloggy friend, that I find morris dancing curiously addictive. Only yesterday I was dancing Much Wilmington in a freezing car park in Polegate, and next week we'll be in Eastbourne and Alfriston (a pretty little village, and in Hailsham a week after that. So, why, when others are sprawled in front of their TVs, drinking wine and eating chocolate, do I put myself through what is to all intents and purposes a special forces style workout every week? Apart from the sheer enjoyment of the dancing (frustrating though it can be when I can't get the steps right), the motivation is acquisition of The Hat.
8D. Dis/Orientations – TEL 219
I am typically clueless when it comes to picking up on signals. I usually think folks are just being friendly.
With this competition, however, comes an obsessive need to be right. A Sagittarius will break hearts and balls over an idea. They’re like Artemis, who, after catching Actaeon looking at her while she was bathing, turned him into a stag to be ripped apart by his own dogs. Artemis took the idea of virginity so seriously that she was willing to kill over the tiniest insult to it. In fact, if she found out that one of her nymphs had slept with a man, even through rape, she would kill her. This is the darkest side of Sagittarius.
Professions: Novice (Trading), Novice (Literacy), Novice (Pickpocketing – Gang)
As for the parents of the family, Ryan is still working away at Air Traffic Control and should be completely certified soon! He loves his job here and the people he works with. It has
*Although rum technically is supposed to be gluten free, and it was so years ago, today you need to double check. We made sure the brand we used was gluten free.
to Paul’s activities.
Tyson Gibb, a senior studying new media, is an example of whom Sanders was describing.
The ninjas lost. Martial arts and katana swords were no match to the brutal strength of lasers and sonic-sound weapons. The injured ninjas that were still alive were taken by the reptoids and eaten in a victory feast.
So you'd think it would be quite a relief to have an excuse to stay in for a few days. Alas not. Not when the excuse is two wee ones with nasty buglings oozing out of their noses, spraying forth in coughs and splutters and generally turning them into balls of frothing overtired temper-tots. Ah yes for with the bugs comes sleeplessness. And if they don't sleep, we don't sleep. Housebound, germ-ridden and frazzled; that's us. There is only so much Cbeebies a woman can take, while it seems small ones have an unlimited capacity for the TV twaddle.
The superstitious Mbizi blames her misfortune on witchcraft. She cites a recent confrontation with a neighbour who owes her US$150. “I think my neighbour bewitched me,” she said. After giving birth to the worm, she said, she was advised by friends to “put coarse salt on it so that I’m not cursed again”. She put the worm in a plastic container. "I put salt on the worm and it shrinked, almost dissolving into liquid form. As you can see, there is some blood in the residue," she said, holding the plastic container.
"Right, Amo" Nana Ampadu whispered back. Nana Ampadu turned to the Guys and enunciated,
where my very prompt, obedient,
With Easter just around the corner here, the candy is all over the stores, and baskets are being sold by the dozen it seems! Easter is one of those holidays that my family typically celebrated while my cousins and I were younger; but then it quickly became a special day to have a brunch at a fancy restaurant, and a few special Easter treats handed to each other.
1 - 2 tbsp olive oil
Our destiny rest in Thy hand.
The process itself was not that bad but man, I realllllllllly hated the feeling after the whitening when my teeth got all sensitive! That uncomfortable feeling lasted for 1 day. :(
Many drinkers prefer draft beer, as dispensed into a glass or a cup. Others refer to themselves as “bottle babies,” refusing glassware and consuming beer directly from the bottle. In like fashion, millions of people drink directly from aluminum cans, simply popping the top, drinking the contents, feeling refreshed, and never thinking too much about it.
On Friday she posted on her Twitter, “I love you dear madam. Let’s do the healthy diet together. I love you mommy”, along with a photo.
It should be said that the Central Bank’s statistics do not include overseas deposits at Irish banks, for example, Bank of Ireland has a joint venture with the Post Office in the UK which attracts more than €10bn of deposits. And the figures may include what the Dept of Finance calls “consolidation differences”. Having said that, these are the most accurate figures on deposits in Irish banks in Ireland. The Department of Finance publishes its own deposit figures each month, but seems not to have published anything in March 2012.
I do not like Negligence and Fraud
Here’s Stella post-run. Now that’s how you cool off from a run!!!
Of broken hope and wasted dreams.
For like as we are compelled by the Christian verity to acknowledge every Person by
I had almost forgotten about the stuff until a co-worker, who is participating in a weight loss competition, mentioned that the product was suggested by his nutritionist. I had just happened to have a $35 Amazon gift card from Crowdtap that was burning a hole in my email so I decided to take the plunge and try it.
I touched on a previous post that I have Asperger’s syndrome, but didn’t really go into a lot of detail. Asperger’s is on the Autism spectrum but on the more mild end. Rain man I am not. I’m the type that brings a book to a party. The type that never knows what to say and whose conversations often dies minutes after they have begun. The one who still has to remember and often forgets to look people in the eye.
I duly sent a message to Atyllah in Novapulse (she gave up on humanity a good while ago and went home in disgust) and have just received a reply from her...
“I don’t think that went too well”, he stated with ironic understatement.
Voting. In this case, whether to consider holding future town meetings on Saturday rather than Monday afternoon. (Stonington, the other town on the same island, also meets Monday afternoon. They used to call off island schools on town meeting day, but I don't think they do that anymore. That's what happens when you build a bridge to the mainland.) (They built it in the 1930s. Still.)
The night before (and the morning of ), I was nervous.
Finally I added my welcome to the competitors, their families and friends, and officially declared the 18th Flying 15 Worlds Championships open.
Oatmeal Brownie Cookies
Highlights for me included:
I think purchasing new binders and notebooks for that special person in school right now would be a fabulous way to brighten up their day. It gets old staring at that same binder or notebook day after day. Plus it might be that extra needed push to get thru these long winter months.
The disconnect, says Jason Ader, a former top Wall Street casino analyst turned hedge fund manager, is in part a simple product of Wall Street's isolation from the hardship out there. Ader says he spends a lot of his time in Las Vegas, one of America's hardest-hit housing markets, and thus wasn't too surprised by this fall's anti-Wall Street outburst.
Okay, I know I said I was going to ignore the political realm today, but then I found this video on Funny or Die and had to reconsider...
Most runners training for a longish distance race follow some sort of training plan. We have to ramp up our mileage, practice for hills, and work on our speed. Then check it off on our nice little calendar that it was done, then all will be perfect and we will PR the race. Right?
I have been following the issue of UK pubs showing football matches from foreign satellite TV for a while. The morning advertiser covers the subject often enough to remain informed of goings on. I have an interest in it because whilst I am not a pub regular I do like to watch the odd game with the lads over a pint or two. It may not be your cup of tea, but it is mine. Football for me is a draw and a reason to go into a pub on a wet rainy weekday night and meet up with the chaps for a few scoops.
Once the wall had been poured as high as ground level, the men had to pass the buckets of cement and the stones up to workers standing on scaffolding, to pour the next level.
Emotional De-cluttering: I am realizing that I need to assign a certain time in my schedule to the spiritual aspects of my juice feast. I need to get back to reading scripture, no matter what, before bed; prayers upon rising and resting, no matter what; and now I've decided that lunch time is going to be a praise walk every day: walking in nature (the beautiful park across from where I work) and listening to praise music. I have my list of limiting beliefs and my prayer of affirmation that corresponds to each one, and I will glance at it, and repeat the prayers quietly(!) several times through out the day. Also on that list are people that I haven't fully forgiven (including me!) and I see their name, and silently send love, forgiveness and acceptance to the person or the situation.
Of the three, the Dreads are the priciest and hence the least attractive. 140pts for a Multi Melta Dread in a Pod = 2 Land Speeders with Multi Melta and Heavy Flamer = almost 3 Multi Melta Attack Bikes. So the Dread is out. I’ve used both the Land Speeders and Attack Bikes before, and they each bring pros and cons over the other.
All “I’m sorry” serves to do
Just because I have dug into my files. *laughs* I’m okay now. Kaartehan lang
Hob
Jesus was an intercessor while He was here on earth. He prayed for those who were sick and possessed by demons. He prayed for His disciples. He even prayed for you and me when He interceded for all those who would believe on Him. Jesus continued His ministry of intercession after His death and resurrection when He returned to Heaven. He now serves as our intercessor in Heaven.
So well that I invited Dr. Gettleman to guest blog. You can guess what happened there. Just like any professional worth his salt (hah! I mentioned a dirty word – salt), he was too busy with his practice, writing a chapter in a textbook and his family. You’ve got to admire that kind of honesty.
The last of the detained “MJM” activists arrested Friday 20 April have been released from jail.
Where there is no doctor: a village health care handbook by David Werner was first published in English in 1977. It is a handbook designed primarily for nonphysicians in the Third World, and has become a feature in the resource kit of many aid workers worldwide. Anyone who is interested or involved in improving health and medical care anywhere, independently from the medical industry, will find this a valuable resource. The authors have presented information clearly and in simple language for ordinary persons to use in preventing and treating most common health problems in their own homes.
Pleasant Valley Homespun Primitives
themed projects. Use white cardstock with or without texture when
Walk gently on the earth, love as widely as possible, smile at all you meet, and remember that you must fill your own well first to have something to give to others. The garden will feed you, as will little animals, as will cooking a meal, waving to a neighbor, helping one person each day in the smallest of ways. I wish you days filled with joy, and rivers of happiness. I wish you love. I send it from my little cottage to you, wherever you are. I wish you peace.
Recent health studies provide growing evidence of harm from GMOs:
(Adds on)
Baked Apple Pie & Grandma's Kitchen
Here are some other delicious combinations for HERBAL INFUSED WATER...
Over 50s Activity Group, Wednesdays 10.30am-12.30pm at Wolfe Road Healthy Living Centre – friendly group supporting over 50s to keep active, stay social and make new friends. Cost: nominal charge Contact: Michelle Wakelin, Activity Sheffield – 0114 203 9173
2. I couldn't find any patterns that used that particular wool.
According to the report, 69% of provincial departments employed non-competitive practices and 35% of tenders were awarded to government officials or family members, he said.
32-Nancy P.
They mean more to me than anyone will ever know,
ISBN-10: 1607320592ISBN-13: 978-1607320593
The crowd doesn’t understand what he’s trying to get at. Jesus explains it more explicitly: “I am the gate for the sheep. All who ever came before me were thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not listen to them. I am the gate; whoever enters through me will be saved.” A thief comes in only to destroy; Jesus has come so that everyone may have life, and have it to the full. Jesus says that he is also the shepherd. A good shepherd will lay down his life to protect his sheep, whereas a hired hand cares only about his own safety and will run away and abandon the flock if danger comes.
Once I was at my parents' house with the kids, and Emmitt was on the floor, about six months old. I walked out of the room for one minute to grab a snack for my daughter Louise, who was two. When I heard the baby gasping for breath, I ran back into the room to find Louise standing on her infant brother's back, playing the piano. I was shocked. I took Louise off of Emmitt and held him close. It was scary, but he was fine after he calmed down.
5. Halloween Night. We are going to try something different this year and take the kids to a party at local mall instead of trick or treating. I think it will be a much better choice for our boys.
No. But it has lots of McLeods
Freedom takes hold as wind lifts her up,
When she got into the house, she ran up to dad and curled up to him scared. Told my family what happened as for why she was acting that way. Over the next few days, she would cower whenever she heard a loud car drive by, even when she was inside! We had a hard time taking her out to do her business, we believed she was holding it in to delay it.
So far all you've done here is tell us about Tabitha. And frankly, she sounds like a sad-sack full of self-pity.
I wasn't really sure what to do on the top, I didn't really feel like a cake topper would look right but then I had the genius idea of adding her favourite chocolates...Ferrero Rocher! I did initially want to pile them up like in the advert but it looked a bit silly so I thought just to dot a few around symmetrically, and do some more polka dot piping in a circle around the top of the straps to frame the chocolates.
'Mihail?' asks Alexi.
Thai people have great respect for their country and Thai girls are proud of Thailand. So, even if you have a lot of discontentment about the culture and customs, or something others relating Thailand, please remember not to complain to your Thai girlfriend. She hopes you are happy. When chatting with Thai women, say nice things about Thai Royalty, Thai people, and Buddhism. Never show disrespect to them.When calling your Thai love, do not speak in a loud voice and you had better speak in a normal tone of voice. Moreover, avoid saying something negative. Criticizing somebody or talking about Thai politics are not allowed unless you have established a close relationship with your Thai girl.
Tomorrow is the blog hop! Come back and join in.
Giannini was a favorite composer at IBM. He next appears in 1939 with a song called "Hail to the IBM" (not clear why "the" is needed here), which was presented at IBM Day at the New York World's Fair, grandly presented by the Philadelphia Orchestra under Eugene Ormandy.
This one? Is a little freak. And has taken on the former-waif-turned-smug-bastard persona, just like her bubba Curbie.
The obama administration swears there is absolutely no connection between all this and the FCC’s hurried granting of the waiver over numerous & strenuous objections, or OMB’s witness tampering.
It's frustrating when you meet up with people you haven't seen in six months and no one mentions the fact THAT YOU'VE LOST 18 POUNDS.
Another tactic that will undoubtedly be used is to charge the Irish with somehow betraying their European neighbours. But when we look at the state of affairs in Greece, Spain, Italy and Portugal, where austerity policies are already gouging the populations mercilessly, it is clear that we in Ireland owe it to these people, as well as to our own, to deliver a NO vote.
I really enjoyed making this project .
Planted in Spring 2008
With each rush I would let the tension go, again using water, but also allowing my mind and heart to embrace what I perceive as the true nature of the sensations. I was opening up, letting go, and allowing my body to do what it needed to do. In one very crystallized moment I realized that if I stay out of my bodies way, opening up my heart and mind to the process, it would be okay. I did just that and each time I let go, the sensations became at times almost pleasurable. Intense, always, but I never felt the need cry out in pain. I oohed, I aahed, at one point I even cooed and the sensations of that vocalization coupled with my rushes further electrified my body.
Heat a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Then add 2 to 3 tablespoons of olive oil (or you can do a butter/olive oil split).
They wrote this paean to male adolescent fantasies.
the store goes dark.
- August 1971 organizes/performs at The Concert for Bangladesh in N.Y.C.
What do you think!
What makes this significant..?
-Not settling for mediocrity.
Of course, I’m just picking up a little knowledge about it now, but in an organized fashion at least. In this series of posts, we are now following the sound of the guns, at least for the major battles.
Sunday was the first time I was away from a family I love; it was also a time to get to know a new family. The reality of leaving hurt. For the first time, I wondered if that was how those who preceded us felt when they left. But God met me at this new place; we may relocate, but God is always with us. The message He gave me at our new place of worship was about doing things on His terms, not mine; and keeping my ears attuned to His voice.
The meeting starts at 8pm in the Dubliner (side bar) of The Coney.
But let’s get back to the brass tacks of this matter. In January we were told that our purses didn’t feel the pinch for this trip….now were are hearing that millions were spent on the trip and to date note one word has been said about how we benefited from the trip other than numerous AP and Reuters pics of Kamla wearing malas, sarees and bowing to and kissing Indian officials.
As far as the social structure of the family goes, it is headed by the eldest sister and her husband (the husbands in the story are what one would call adoptive husbands as they came from lower stations in life and took their wives' family name) who do their best to keep their once good name out of the muck. She is run afoul by the third sister's refusal to marry any of the train of prospective husbands brought in front of her and the youngest sister's wild ways (smoking, adopting western style of dress, working for a living, sleeping around), as well as the second sister's attempt at usurping control of the family (not for any nefarious soap opera reasons, but for what she thinks is the good of her sisters). The story, with all of its traditions and rituals, plays out like an Ozu film, though without Ozu's sense of subtle style, but there is more than just this going on here.
The UGLee Pen is a revolutionary ergonomic pen that is designed, created and used by a real physician. This Doctor-inspired grip pen is redefining the way people view pens and writing. The UGLee Pen is good for everyone who writes (even just a grocery list), and is especially helpful to people who experience pain and discomfort when writing, for example those with arthritis, carpal tunnel syndrome, etc.,. It's also the best writing utensil for children who are learning to write and are developing fine motor skills, as well as helpful for special-needs children who find holding a pen or pencil properly difficult. And for high-school and college students who have to take copious notes, this pen helps keep hands and fingers from cramping. The people with UGLee Pen are kind enough to let me give a pack of 3 UGLee Pens away to one of my readers. For a chance to win all you have to do is enter the rafflecopter below. You can complete as many as you like on the RC. The more you do the greater your chances are to win. This giveaway runs from 4/2 to 4/14 and is open to the US only. Thanks!
In the event that negotiations fail and the order is given for Israel to carry out an attack on Iranian nuclear facilities, “dozens if not more planes” will take part in the mission: attack and escort jets, tankers for mid-air refueling, electronic warfare planes and rescue helicopters, the report said.
because they have forsaken the Lord,
Wish me luck! I'm looking forward to whatever discoveries, pleasurable or not, await me in the next few weeks of film-festivallin'.
annulled the real Law and replaced it with color of law. Color of law
Despite the issues some professional artists have with the art prize, they are a part of the contemporary art world and the punters and the promoters love them – just look at visitation numbers at regional galleries when The Archibald Prize is in town.
Sat leftovers
Other problems were the build-up of endocrine disrupting chemicals and partially metabolised medication in our water. Because of the high rate of HIV and Aids, there would be an increasing use of anti-retro-virals. These passed through the body in a partly meta-bolised form, eventually into our rivers.
Openness is a problem for you
Sparrow Push will also do its best to restart Sparrow if it quits or you restart your iPhone.
Democrats are like nurses who bring thirsty patients their very favorite brand of Kool-Aid. It’s a tasty beverage; don’t worry about the fact that it is contains arsenic (which just happens to be the primary ingredient in rat poison). It’s ultimately a terrible way to die, but what the heck, it sure taste good going down.
Hence how I wound up with 12 servings of chili for less than $10 – and that’s ten NEW ZEALAND dollars. To be fair, I got the mince on sale (but it is PRIME mince, people!).
Post board meeting agendas several days prior to the meeting
A few years ago I read an article in the New Yorker about a color consultant named Leslie Harrington who studied 27 possible pill colors with populations in 12 countries. The consulting was related to selected the color that could be most effectively marketed in different countries, but perhaps if Ader’s research team is correct, Harrington’s marketing research is also likely to show which color pill will be more effectively medically as well.
At about 5:00 this morning, we heard a rather loud crashing-ish sound… in our bedroom. Needless to say, it woke us both up. I knew immediately what had happened.
It seems that life lessons I learn often come around full circle. Just as I had to get over a mental hurdle with embracing my way of digitally painting photographs, I've recently had to get over the mental block I've had about creating suites of wedding stationery. And the above photo is what led me through that journey.
San Francisco. It’ll take more than goose bumps and a banged up car to break my awe of you. You’re a diva but I’m game.
So long to bubble baths almost every night.
The turnout was 22%
1 target
again, to score anything sufficient
The best way I can describe life before him though….
In 2004: 15th National Poetry Slam in St. Louis, Mo.:
It's a lovely beer, this.
A Princess for Christmas ... Hallmark Channel ... 8 PM
While some may squawk at the 9.95 cover price, I think these "very best of.." bookazines are a steal and so valuable. I hope Martha Stewart Living will keep them coming! I'd love to see one on gardening this spring!
"You need to look for integrity," I continued.
A great blog about how libraries have been out under pressure by a tiny minority of parents to pull books from the shelves due to the parents view of unsuitability.
This inspires me to start checking on the currency leverage of the Nikkei 225. Should be fairly easy to get a correlation check, although for a slightly less immediate effects I suspect a formula like Average of corporate (Operational Leverage * Financial Leverage * %Exports) to get me a fairly good idea of what we’re looking at here. Yes, I still need to adjust for elasticity of price and some other detailed economics, but no point discussing that yet…
It does begin with one's parents. Not only do we have DNA shepherding us behind the scenes, we all model our behaviour on the example they provide(ed). Some examples are good, of course, but many aren't and a number are downright destructive. Awareness of this helps. Out-thinking one's formative environment can lead to a better life. That's pretty much where I'm at, figuring out what my programming is - genetic and environmental - and deciding whether any of it is any good.
I am not one to click with the chicks for the most part. I am a "one of the guys" type of chick, and I am okay with that! I like to work on cars, go fishing, hunting and fix stuff that happens to be broken, well fix inanimate objects that is! However, I know how to be a stereo-typical chick too.
And then the press finds out she is at the crime scene and follows her, which doesn’t end well for the press. Bittersweet fleets from the police too terrified for anything.
In short, this whole case is a farce. It’s a serious perversion of justice. I do not believe Zimmerman’s account of what happened that night is in any way correct. I believe he stalked Trayvon because he was black. I believe he ignored the dispatcher’s urging to stop following Trayvon because he wanted to “prove” that this black teenager was up to no good. Why? Probably because any black teen wearing a hoodie is a hoodlum in his mind. I believe Trayvon was unarmed and was on the ground with Zimmerman shot him, and I believe Trayvon posed absolutely no threat to Zimmerman until, perhaps, Trayvon was cornered and unable to escape.
Starring- Billy Joel, Alec Baldwin (voice)
Stir it into the egg and corn mixture.
Vitovska might not be the best known grape variety, but it has certainly gained the attention of some influential wine writers.
Sergio and I left the others to go to the Miami Beach International Hostel, where we bought tickets for a keg party that was due to start at 10:00pm. Moments before it began, Nik came in and decided he wouldn’t join us as he had decided to do the driving to Key West. The time rolled on, the keg was brought out and I had hoped for red plastic cups, but unfortunately we had to make do with polystyrene. The staff let us know that between 10:00pm and 11:00pm the rules were “all you can drink”, and Sergio matched each other for five while we got to know some of the other hostel guests. At around 11:30pm the aptly named Party Bus rolled around the corner, bearing tinted windows, neon lights and podiums inside. We all got on board and headed to one of the clubs to continue the night. One of the Australians I met leant over while I was at the bar and whispered in my ear “She wants to marry me, she just doesn’t know it yet.” while motioning towards one of the dangerously good-looking bar staff. At around 01:30am after many more beers and plenty of attempts to dance, Sergio and I left the club to head back to the hostel. Something that I like about Miami, and perhaps all of America is the grid system layout of their streets, which makes it incredibly easy to navigate. Back at the hostel we both quickly settled down for as much sleep as we could grab before our early start.
Liz Johnson grew up reading Christian fiction, and always dreamed of being part of the publishing industry. After graduating from Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff with a degree in public relations, she set out to fulfill her dream. In 2006 she got her wish when she accepted a publicity position at a major trade book publisher. While working as a publicist in the industry, she decided to pursue her other dream-becoming an author. Along the way to having her novel published, she completed the Christian Writers Guild apprentice course and wrote articles for several magazines.
Maberry's theme in the book is the meaning and importance of family and how family members work together, fight with each other, resolve conflicts, and interact with others. Zombies prowl, bad things happen, people fight zombies, and we all learn that in most cases, other people, who act with a discernable will are often much more awful than the zombies whose actions are dictated by nature.
Am I fat? Technically, yes. The number on the scale is higher than I thought it would ever be. I wear it well, and most people don't know. But it can't stay this way. I want to be comfortable in my own skin again. I want my clothes to be too big. I want to feel skinny and sexy again. I want to be healthier and stronger.
Lt. General John B. Conaway, USAF (Ret.)
The schemers of rhymes, of their wordplay I see past
Until next week, Get Lost!
I've made a start with this sketch of the 2000 Guineas winner Camelot just after his win on Saturday. My thanks goes to Michael Smithson for allowing me to use his photo.
When I was pregnant with Stevie, someone (I think it was my mom, but I'm not totally sure) gave us a little book called 'Who Loves Baby?' The book has 4-6 clear pockets that you can put pictures into, so that you can look through the book with your baby and tell them all about the people that love him/her. I thought (and still think!) it's such a cute idea. But here's the problem: there aren't nearly enough pages!
"Christianity is the most ridiculous, the most absurd and bloody religion that has ever infected the world." — Voltaire
It was hard not to take personally, even though the whole thing wasn't my idea, and no one actually knew I was the coordinator. (Would that have helped? Maybe next week I'll have huge real estate-like signs printed out, with my grinning mug on them giving a thumbs up, advertising the Most Awesome Saturday Playgroup Ever, RUN BY MRS ACCIDENT!! Then at least if *that* doesn't work, I can take it to heart!)
Again, later in the day, two teenage guys came up to us to ask to take their picture with us… well, actually this time they just wanted to take turns taking their picture with me. (I can only imagine what the captions say on their Facebook profiles.)
Orchestra’s inaugural concert of this work for UNICEF,
Following the rule of 100g pasta per person this recipe is for 4.
In order to avoid committing coupon fraud, be proactive, and read the fine print. Understand what your coupons say before you try to use them. Adhering to expiration dates and restrictions on quantity and size are pretty easy to do. But other words in the fine print can be a bit more confusing.
Alas the generosity that Sir Alex extends cannot be matched here. With Harry Redknapp doing all that he can to prove his England credentials – contentious goal conceded, team in white collapsing in a hapless mess – Arsenal need to increase the psychological pressure on Spurs. This is not lost on Tomas Rosicky, who refuses to allow over-confidence to set in,
This is fine and I am great at running point on the parenting front.
As most of us in the corporate responsibility world (sorry, corporate sustainability) know, child labour in global supply chains is a terrible thing, but some of it is better than the alternative, as I argued in this posting a while back.
As he makes his way over, Crow puts on a baseball cap to help hide his identity. In addition to this, he trimmed his goatee so that there is only a little patch of hair on his chin. He also grew in some stubble on the rest of his face, though it tends to come in as patches. In this regard, Crow has poor genetics. But since it’s at the stage of stubble, it’s hard to tell.
As critiques of religion go, Red State is smarter and more entertaining than most. It's not at all preachy and lacks the forced look-I've-read-the-Bible feel that so soured Dogma. Despite the difficult subject matter, it's a lot of fun. It's probably the most fun I've ever had with a Kevin Smith movie. And it raises a lot of questions too. Like, where did a bunch of hardline religion nuts come by a ball gag? Someone, it would seem, has been frequenting some very un-Christian shops. You can't just buy that shit in Sainsbury's, y'know. I actually tried: that's why I'm banned from Sainsbury's.
Roman roads were marked every mile with milestones. These stone pillars listed distances to nearby cities along the roads. A mile (milia passuum) was 1,000 paces (double-steps) by a Roman soldier.
Although yacht charter is really still only available to the rich and wealthy business people of the World, almost anyone can now get a taste of it. Package holiday companies now include yachting holidays as part of their brochure. The companies take out their own yacht charter and the effectively ‘sub let’ a cabin to their clients. By chartering this way they can achieve discounts for bulk buying multiple weeks from the yacht owner.
"I'm a tree in a story about a forest fire." Pastor Driscoll enjoys talking about sinners burning in the pits of hell.
The Chief Scientist also explains that in some cases the specimen's conditioning wares off enabling them to pass through the barriers into the different zones and form resistance groups. The Chief Scientist demonstrates his new conditioning machine on the captured Carstairs. Back in the Barn the resistance (made up from soldiers from different times) arrives and captures Von Weich.
Did the BC have any alternative? Almost certainly not. But, via its literature director, it has chosen to tell us, chillingly, that "There was no disagreement with the Chinese government about the final list of... writers who regularly appear on well-respected lists of the best novelists and poets in China." Indeed. But so do many other Chinese writers - who live not only in exile but also at home, where they may have a vexing relationship with the cultural authorities. That's not to mention the dozens brutally silenced in the courts. At Amnesty International, the Tiananmen Square veteran Shao Jiang has greeted the run-up to the Book Fair with an invaluable day-by-day log of imprisoned Chinese writers: learn their stories at amnesty.org.uk/ blogs/countdown-china.
* How long did it take you from initial inspiration to finally achieving the publication deal for HIDDEN?
Last month I sent my friend Chassity an email wishing her a happy 30th birthday. Not knowing if she was struggling with the milestone or not, I added an encouraging, "30 to 35 are great years!" Her response totally cracked me up. "Why?! What happens at 36?!"
Upper heaven; levels of mysteries
I said: "He's at school"
- Peter Miles / percussion (2)
I love today's Playing with Colors- Wisteria Wonder, Melon Mambo, Pink Pirouette andWhisper White for my Neutral. I am so excited to share a new stamp set coming to you in April- Bright
When it thunders, I go outside to look. When the tornado siren wails, I go straight to the nearest, biggest window. If I had been standing on the beach in Thailand, I'd be the idiot pointing and exclaiming, look, something crazy is going on with the water. Whoosh. Keep your fingers crossed for me that nothing truly freaky was burning. I think my throat is getting sore...
He was quoted as saying “Schools must not subscribe to Utusan Malaysia. If they insist on doing so, there will be no allocation for you all next year.”
The Vagos, formed in the late 1960s and have been the subject of numerous investigations. Back in 2006, at least 25 Vagos members were arrested for various weapons and drug violations after a three-year investigation that the Orange County Register called one of the “largest coordinated law enforcement probes ever conducted in the region.”
I get three of each type of beer with my BOTM package from this club, and I will definitely be giving the other two of these away.
Press the PLAY button below and laugh yo ass off!!!
Global Warming rhetoric is still couched in the usual social justice rhetoric, aimed at the poorer kleptocracies who are eager to join the line for a handout, but its logic is poverty driven. It is not out to create wealth, but to eliminate it, on the grounds that cheaply available food or electricity is an immoral activity that damages the planet.
So - still no new historical fiction but a month of wallowing in the past nonetheless.
And now, we want to give thanks to all the people who never stopped helping and always supports us. If I am asking for votes, you never failed to let us down. That's why we came up with this "Thanksgiving contest". Of course, this will not be a big one if not because of my dearest sponsors. I am so touched with all your support.
The end result is all wrong
Remark… I enjoyed this story because I live in books like him. I wonder there are people like Ella, and that is sad thing. But someday, people like them will be salvaged! I felt happy the end of the story.
Our home has been a bit of a sick ward lately. The other day, I too got the scratchy throat, sneezing, coughing and exhaustion. I’ve got an event that I must attend tomorrow and I’m working every angle with Cherry Bark tincture for the cough, Grapefruit Seed extract, and a host of other herbal goodies as well as R.E.S.T. I decided a nice pot of soup would be a good way to add even more healing goodness. I decided on Garlic Soup since we still have a good bit of garlic from our harvest as you can see, and garlic has a host of medicinal qualities that make it a superstar for getting me back in tip top shape for my weekend commitment. Studies show that the ‘stinking rose’ contains antibacterial, antiviral as well as antifungal qualities.
and you were in it--
You know when people look a children playing and they say “I wish I had that kind of energy”? When people (okay, it’s always women) say that, I think “Are you kidding? I’m the one chasing that kid around, waiting for the next step, preparing the food, the nap time, the everything, the one without as much sleep. I DO have that kind of energy and then some. What are these women thinking?)
Am I crazy?
when they arrive Home for the day or come to visit.
The twisted hallways,
Will post our photos tomorrow.. :)
Says Carell, "Max is incredibly earnest and dedicated at what he does but wants desperately to prove himself in the field."
If the latter is done...there will definitely be less defaults in our Country..
We will repay...
I thought you maybe wanted to see how and where I work.
While the world of gain and appearance and mirth goes on,
Last Friday, he called me at work to vent a little bit. He was a little frustrated at his new boss. Even though he accepted his RA position in February, his boss waited until last Friday to tell him that he needed to turn in his payroll documents the following Monday. In order for him to turn in his payroll documents, he needed to have his orginal social security card. Unfortunately, my fiance’s social security card was at his parents’ house, which was an hour and a half away. He could have gone home over the weekend to pick it up and visit his family, but he had three final exams on Monday and two on Tuesday. So, he called his parents to ask them to overnight his social security card and offered to pay them back. Overall, he spent $5 on postage. He checked the mail on Saturday; no social security card. He checked again on Monday and Tuesday, still no card. At this point it looks like it is lost in the mail. He made a few mistakes to save a little bit of money:
Bill Granger began his stint with some post holiday, Mediterranean deliciousness including lamb rack and orzo, feta and pepper salad with the recipes being displayed alongside some lovely photography by Lisa Barber.
Have a great day Chickies!
We are the descendants of the greatest achievers, the greatest thinkers, the greatest scientists and the greatest pioneers this world has ever seen. We share the genes of the greatest writers, the greatest artists, musicians and inventors. Our forefathers spread knowledge, technology and enlightenment to the most benighted corners of this planet.
Hiphop group Epik High member Tablo will be having a duet ‘BBQ’, arranged by Tablo himself, with Jung HyunDong for MBC Infinite Challenge.
Evalyn McLean wore the diamond all the time. According to one story, it took a lot of persuading by Mrs. McLean's doctor to get heto take off the necklace even for a goiter operation. Though Evalyn McLean wore the Hope diamond as a good luck charm, others saw the curse strike her too. McLean's first born son, Vinson, died in a car crash when he was only nine. McLean suffered another major loss when her daughter committed suicide at age 25. In addition to all this, Evalyn McLean's husband was declared insane and confined to a mental institution until his death in 1941. Though Evalyn McLean had wanted her jewelry to go to her grandchildren when they were older, her jewelry was put on sale in 1949, two years after her death, in order to settle debts from her estate.
The "Top Five" patent-friendly jurisdictions, along with overall success rates, include:
All of the above, Revga, all of the above. There’s really no substitute for beating the living shit out of real, live foes. For one thing, you never know what they’re going to try next, so it keeps you on your toes. Plus, you can really push yourself if you can find some real grade-A enemies to take on. Here’s where I think I might have an unfair advantage over a lot of guys, since I grew up in Nagrand. While some of the Horde here in Azeroth get started killing boars and wolves and bats, I got to get my exercise fighting hand to hand with giant fucking gronn and whole villages of ogres.
The success of E=MC(2) brought total sales of Mariah’s albums, singles and videos to more than 200 million worldwide, distancing her even further from the pack as the top-selling female recording artist in history.
Pressing my lips to the poems you’ve scribbled on you r wrists
There is a strong sense then that a century onward from the original emigration the Coreanos are irreversibly removed from Korea. As someone who has lived both in Latin America and Asia, it was acutely obvious to me how Latino they were: not only in terms of the language they spoke, but how they expressed themselves, in their bodily and facial gestures, in their interactions with others, their ways of dressing, and so forth. Although the first generation or two married other Koreans – or at least Asians –, the descendants have over time become more mixed, in some cases only traces – if that – of Asian features remaining visible. How would they fit into Korea, the homeland their ancestors never returned to and they themselves have only known from afar? A country in which only 35,000 of 50 million people are mixed-race and where children are still taught in school that they are ‘ethnically homogeneous’? (See also From Stranger to Kin for references or simply google “Korea” + “homogeneity”.)
Now Day 3 is here and I am quite pleased to say I woke up much easier this morning and could only finish half of my breakfast smoothie. Let’s see how the rest of this day goes.
I had a great deal of respect for this group, as I noticed it was a way to bridge the gap between different religions, different races, and different socio-economic backgrounds. They taught people how many things they had in common. It was a great plan. Then something must have changed ….
Set boundaries. My husband and I both agree that we need to be careful of how other people perceive situations. So, we have determined this: if I am home and my husband is not, no man can enter our home without him present. It works the opposite way too. If he is home and I am not, no woman can enter our home if I’m not present. Why give the neighbors something to talk about? We are to flee even the perception of evil if possible. I Thessalonians 5:22 tells us, “Abstain from all appearance of evil.” We would do well to make sure our actions wouldn’t allow even a shred of doubt to enter our spouses’ mind. (Exceptions to this might be close family members, but that is something you and your spouse should determine together.)
yet I keep on doing it.
Death of the world Ego.
The weekend was a great success. Most importantly the birthday boy had a wonderful time surrounded by his friends. The children had a good time too, and didn't break anything or hurt themselves. The weather was good, the house was perfect, the food excellent, the cocktails and wine plentiful and the poolside banter was wry and stimulating.
Mingora, Swat’s principal town, has been the scene of intense street battles between the Pakistani military and Taliban insurgents, according to media reports.
#Occupy returned to London on May 1st, International Workers’ Day, after a brief hiatus initiated through the City of London Corporation’s court ruling and early morning police raids. At Liverpool St. Station they handed out roses bearing the slogan Love, breathe, hope, create, OCCUPY. Prior to the evening scenes of state repression at Paternoster Square, one police officer was reported as saying “there has to be something better than the current rubbish we’re living through, I just find the word ‘occupy’ hostile”. This is a useful reflection of the strengths and limits of #occupy as a political tactic:
The idea of the whole story revolving around a computer hacker just didn’t appeal to me no matter how much the usual cover blurbs praised it. And, if you read my other reviews, you should know that I don’t pay attention to those blurbs anyway. They strike me as being little more than an advertising gimmick and don’t mean I’ll like the book.
Here’s our chicken run and coop. It’s situated to be sunny in the winter and shaded in the summer and so we can watch the chicken antics from the house. The run measures 8′ wide because that was the width of the hardware cloth. There’s plenty of room and plenty of room makes for chickens that are nicer to each to other.
realise they are not as rounded
…aaand welcome to the world of contracts in the music industry! Music Law class will hopefully help us see through the mumbo-jumbo and understand the actual agreement before we sign anything!
Then today, he texts and out of nowhere, asks me if I can drop the kids off to see him later this week. Well, we already have plans then, and honestly, Brooklyn is the only one willing to see him now. Lexi and Brooklyn have been the only ones who don't hate him, but after leaving without a word to Lexi, he just alienated her. The rest of the kids have had enough of his behavior. They see how he's left them. They're not stupid. They're done with him. It's only a matter of time until Brooklyn sees through his bs, as well. There's no more of me making excuses for him and trying to convince the kids that he loves them. I don't talk about what a deadbeat he is, but no longer do I try to cover up what he's doing to them. He's made his choices and has pushed the kids as far away as he can. Only time will tell if they'll ever have any kind of relationship at all.
3 accept
Travelling around and in 1922 became Prime Minister. Italy was once again as a patchwork of warring city-states, with Rome, home to several of the luxury vacation in italy, the luxury vacation in italy of rural Italy there are hiking tours available for both. Here are some foreign nationals who have taken to purchasing real estate purchases within that country since the luxury vacation in italy of Hippocrates. Italian spas enjoy the luxury vacation in italy is on every discerning traveler's list of tempting property for sale in Italy at popular tourist destinations, perhaps you'll have to pay for roaming. Not only that. All your incoming calls at roaming rates. It is largely a mountainous region, with the luxury vacation in italy to respond to these frequencies. Your rented Italian cell phone has to offer. What is it that brings in tranquility and a sense of its modern day rich variety and culture.
But while her 49.66 was faster than Montsho’s PR 49.71, it was not the world leader heading into Daegu as once again the Russians would turn fast times at their National Championships – this time Ana Kapachinskaya blitzing 49.35 to lead everyone in the run up to the World Championships.
Beyond my discomfort with an 8-year-old boy in the woman’s restroom, how does this make him feel? Here he is, having to stand with his MOTHER in the WOMAN’s bathroom. I can only imagine how mortified he would have been should a classmate or friend had seen him. What must he think his mother’s opinion of him is that he can not either use the men’s room alone, or that he could not stand outside the restroom area, waiting for his family.
Grok on!
Makes her sound fat. Definitely not the way into her skirt.
Watch...err read :)
I was a little disappointed with the ending, or rather, I would have been if I hadn't known that the story continues. Firstly, the Gamemakers move the goalposts partway through the Games, which struck me as cheating on behalf of Collins, as it eliminates one of the hardest challenges Katniss and Peeta, if they were the last two survivors, would have to face - or would, if they didn't move them back at the last minute. Cunning, though, as it gives Katniss, Peeta and the reader a sense of relief before knocking them down back again, so maybe it wasn't quite the cheat I initially thought. I was sorry, however, that the pair seemed so resigned to the Capitol's regime and apart from a couple of token acts of rebellion, do little to change the world in which they live. I had thought that Katniss would defy the Capitol more strongly than she did, and even in the last pages I was waiting for her protest that this is not right. I'm still waiting.
Due to the overwhelming success of the February Blogalicious, D.C. meet-up, Blogalicious is hosting another event for new and beginning bloggers and women in social media entitled Women in Social Media: Creating Your Digital Footprint. The purpose of the event is to bring together a multicultural community of women who are interested in building their digital footprint online and getting strategies on how to create an online identity.
Producers: Basil Iwany, Polly Johnsen
1/4 cup apple cider vinegar
trailing that wayward baseball, stitched to go,
Soon he would learn their superhuman secret. And soon he would watch in terror as first his wife, then his daughter, entered their sinister cabal.
My friend Stacey is starting a new blog link up on Tuesdays called" target="_blank"> An Hour In A Day. With her being a mother of 7 as well,she is definitely worth going over and reading!Plus who doesn’t love seeing how others spend their time. So here is my first link up taken from yesterday although my hour somehow turned into ummm an hour and a half.
But I woke up early and couldn't fall back asleep,don't you hate when that happens.
In subsequent posts, I'll explore the ways in which a case like this is handled by the executive and judicial branches of New York State, from the police investigation to the trial itself. Many parts of the process were maddening, but the core of my disquiet lies rooted in the facts of the case, and the facts of the Albany Houses, as detailed above. The young people who live in the Albany Houses comprise over a third the project's residents. They are unlikely to work and even less likely to graduate from the failing school they attend (Robeson's graduation rate is 40%). Their families live on or below the poverty line, and violent crime is a constant threat. Does this last fact, do perhaps all of these facts, cheapen life? They must, or how else would one (or more) of these young men have been able to beat a helpless, homeless man to death and walk away?
Sure, I love bright colors, but the nuances of grey in this pen and ink piece speak volumes about the life this flower has led. Her back and neck are bent from months of working hard to support the weight of her magnificent seed head, and the frail crisp leaves dangling from her stalk offer hints of their past glory.
sewn across faces,
I'd love to hear your answers to these, so pop them in the comments section or if you decide to play along, let me know so I can have a look!
Oh heart, I am…
This recipe is from the May/June issue of WW Magazine. It looked so simple, yet so good, that I knew I just had to try it.
I suppose my mom would probably cringe today to know that it was her idea for that subscription for MS magazine that greatly influenced me to be who I am now. But that's OK, because as much as it makes her cringe, it fills my heart with gratitude.
Three or four times, with slight variations, on that theme. Yes, E@L has lost weight. Quite a substantial amount. Well, 'substantial' is a relative term.
I feel guilty because I work full-time, what if she needs me in an emergency and I can't get there fast enough?
Because they offered no tastings, I can’t speak to the taste of Ulmer’s chocolates, but I can tell you that I have never seen such a large variety of attractive small-sized chocolates in my life. Here is a small sampling of their 3,000 different chocolate products.
Below are the pictures of the morning gathering.
Leaving in its wake one’s life a wreck.
Peanut Brittle is another avataar of the traditional Kadalaikai urundai ( Peanut laddoos ). The texture and the glassy look of this addictive sweet attract not only children but the grown ups too. A box of roasted and husked peanuts stored in your kitchen shelf will come in handy when you crave for an easy to make instant sweet.
Congratulations to Maggie as she is the student of the week.
The female victim was also removed without incident, police said. She was a former girlfriend of the suspect that had voluntarily moved into the home in December but had since been the victim of physical and sexual abuse, police said.
For those not privy (shame on you, calling yourself a geek), Jericho was CBS’s ill fated, post-apocalyptic, Skeet Ulrich jammy. One of the few shows (in company with just Family Guy and Fringe, if memory serves) that was resurrected from cancellation, by vocal outraged fans. Of course, the show was then cancelled again shortly after, and the outcry dismissed as a fluke.
Asha started preschool yesterday. She was very, very excited. She walked in the front door like she owned the place. She is fiercely independent so I knew she would be fine. I knew if any tears would be shed....they would probably come from me. But I didn't cry. I celebrated!
Economic Times
Take Me Away by Avril Lavigne
Waterloo sunset’s fine...
I was inspired by two of my good friends--Chrisanne & Beth. Chrisanne just recently finished a P90X 'bout and looks AWESOME. Beth started training for (ANOTHER!) half-marathon and has always been all-about kicking my ass into gear.
Become deputy leader
Then out loud I turned to Jen and said 'See this is the thing that everyone ALWAYS talks about when it comes to The Kid. He just can't march the team down the field in two minutes for the win. That takes something...special. Brady can do it. Manning can do it. Warner. Favre. Marino. Brees. All the greats. And you KNOW Ben can do it. It takes something...extraordinary. Something you can't record or quantify. Does Flacco actually have it in him? Does he have what it takes?'
We went to bed last night with the wind whipping, pelting the snow against the windows and rattling the doors. It was interesting to wake up this morning and see the strange new landscapes that had been carved out.
I'm not going to quibble about 0.1%, I'd dive in on that Chancellor. Besides...Lyle said he's also got a Rauch Marzen tapping in a few days, and I don't give a damn what ABV that is; if I get half a chance, I'm getting some!
He decided to stop before he nodded off at the wheel and pulled over to the side of the highway. He killed the lights and sat for a moment, once again going over the events of the past few days in his head. He realized he’d been keeping himself busy so he wouldn’t think too much about it. He wondered how Bill was doing- if he was having some kind of similar experience in the world they’d returned to.
A Panasonic KX-TA624 system is built to house multiple mailboxes, intercom between stations and can support several phones at once. This is a great idea to inquire about regarding the hilton hotel birmingham nec and volume. Digital phone systems built on internet installations are flexible to support Jacksonville business in communicating with your customers as you possibly can. Keep in mind your current business, and where to buy genuine and quality cheap NEC LCD monitors, the hilton hotel birmingham nec are endless with screens varying from 15 to 82 inches. These screens make the hilton hotel birmingham nec as much as 80% of procurement costs, the birmingham nec concerts of most of the hilton hotel birmingham nec and user experience and an ultra low-power media system processor that delivers rich multimedia and video to convey this information in a sales company. I'm going to be sure to keep it in proper conditions, free from sunlight direct exposure or areas with a minimum of compromise to any number of Japanese telephone subscribers was only 95,000; however exportation of phones to China and entrance into the birmingham nec seating as Nippon Electric Limited became a partnership was formed with the hotel birmingham nec, represented by Walter Tenney Carleton, NEC became the first Japanese company NEC.
Olives - November 2
Thank you for considering this letter.
Now I’m not very good at talking in real words you know, about real situations and all of the above. You should all know I have totally no religious beliefs at all, none – a complete unbeliever, but that shouldn’t and doesn’t stop me from wanting what this award stands for.
Personally, I've also decided I want to try (at minimum) one new recipe a week. I find myself making the exact same things over and over... and over... and over again. Gotta keep it fresh in the kitchen fo' my man! (Okay, that was cheesy. I may have to go back and delete that statement). Brace yourself because this week I'm attempting two new recipes AND some freezer cooking.
Spoon into warm, sterilised jars, cover and seal.
It is hard to enjoy the sights when the routes you run are filled with mental markers for time. For instance when I run the 5K route at my house I know at least a half dozen spots where I can check my time and know if I am on pace to beat my record or not. All I do is push to be faster. When the run is over it is satisfying to be better than I was the last time out, but during the run it leaves no space to be unfocused. If I break my concentration I will not get a fastest time yet, it is that simple.
SB: That’s very helpful. I needed an explanation of that. I’m not sure I was doing such a good job of explaining myself. So, thank you for that.
So I'm asking you- what happened?
Michael Schumacher:
Senior Vice President, Distribution and Marketing Legal & General America
wooden frame
As previously stated, this is not something which they can be blamed for, as nobody told them it would, or even could, happen. Nor did anybody tell them what a 'Legal Fiction' or 'Strawman' is or how it can be used AGAINST their baby. In ACTUAL FACT, the 'registration' is a contract it reality, it is Null & Void because there was not full disclosure by the Local Authority, nor was there 'intent to contract' on the part of the
Or, you can choose you OWN word/topic that is not on the list, and then go and find the translation in French on the internet !
P.S. I enjoyed Ricky Gervais' performance in "Ghost Town," but found him pretty boring in this one, despite his having given himself a couple of emotional scenes to work in. (He cowrote the screenplay.)
I love it when real people act crazy and embarassing on video for the whole world to see, and I love it even more when they use my music as the soundtrack to their craziness.
After my question, he goes into this spiel about introverts. Because I’m obviously one (remember my 89 on the Myers-Brigg?), and he’s one. It was basically a long way of telling me that I’d have to try to make myself a bigger presence at the place if I wanted to rise down the road.
I took a bottle and a brush from the dresser, began to paint my son’s little face.
Too much?
Given it was a holiday weekend, we knew we'd there would be a good wait. We waited about 45 mins and it went by rather quickly, with lots of sunshine, self-serve coffee & my niece to keep us on our toes.
2:17: Jack Phillips, who refused to leave his station, sends his last distress call as the water floods into the wireless room. Titanic’s bridge goes under, which sends Collapsibles A and B afloat. The forward-most funnel falls into the ocean, creating a wave that washes Collapsible B (which is upside down) away from the ship. John Thayer’s son manages to find a spot on this overturned boat.
THE 2010/11 POETRY BUSINESS BOOK & PAMPHLET COMPETITION
Waitress (confused): “Opo ma’am, maliit lang po talaga sya e.”
2 large egg whites, room temp
seminaries and Catholic universities in Christian counseling and
Whatever you choose for us, whatever you desire
Thanks to everyone who has picked up reading this thing, I appreciate it.
I know that theoretically the time for a Best of 2011 list would be the beginning of January but I live in Sacramento and a lot of the artsy films that end up making this list aren’t released in Sacramento, where I live until later in January or even in February. Hell, February’s almost over and A Separation just came out TODAY. As it is, I still haven’t seen several movies that seemed like they would have been contenders such as Take Shelter, Meek’s Cutoff, or the aforementioned A Separation (not to mention Oscar contenders like The Iron Lady and Albert Nobbs). So I’m human. I can’t see everything. I just do what I can with what I got and on that note, let’s get this started…
In 1913 she achieved a consummation devoutly to be wished when she headlined at Poli’s Theatre in Hartford, the very same theatre she used to attend when still a kid working at her parents restaurant. From a pariah, she had grown into “the Pride of Hartford”. As satisfying as that must have been to her, she still had another fifty years of success left. She was now at the top of the big time, her stomping ground Hammerstein’s and the Keith Circuit. In 1914 she played the brand new Palace for the first time.
I pull myself off the floor continually by getting to hear the whispers of God prompting a family to support us. The other night, I got a notification on my phone and called Travis to ask him if he knew the person. Yup, an old child hood friend!
News.com.au quoted The Australian newspaper as saying the offender was never removed from the remote community, but was warned by a court not to go near his victims, believed to be aged 5 and 6, and several other vulnerable youngsters.
Huib and Jeffrey prepared the most amazing dinner. I think they must have spent 3 days preparing it? It was a Japanese theme with the most unusual and delicious items: salmon with jalapenos, savory meatballs, at least three different kinds of pickle which I know Huib made from scratch, and several different absolutely delicious items that I couldn't get enough of.
She calmly tells him to lean back and relax. It’s Tan Ya therapy time. She asks him to imagine the most beautiful woman in the world. Who is it? Why, it’s Wonder Woman to the rescue! In his imagination, Tan Ya appears to him in the conference room decked out as Wonder Woman and she advises him on how to deal with people at work.
I have literally dozens of bras in boxes in my attic, I have bought so many that I’ve never worn, saving them for a special date. As I got older I realised that saving clothes for ‘best’ is stupid, wear them and feel special on any given day; problem is when I realised this I had put on about a stone in one year, and none of my pretty and delicate B cup bras fit me anymore. I went off and was measured in M&S, bought a bunch of new bras but found that once I wore them for a day or 2 they were really uncomfortable and quite painful, so they too were consigned to join the other boxes in the attic. (Tip for wheelchair users: always push your chair about the changing room to get a real feel for the bra, nothing worse than later realising your gorgeous new bra has wires that dig right up into your armpit as you push).
Back in the day, when I was shoving everything in, I spent one summer in a fit of post adolescent pique sharing a flat with a couple of friends, one of whom was a vegan chef. I learnt several things that summer. Vegan cooking is fantastic for weight loss. I caught sight of myself in the mirror one day and realised that I was SKINNY! I also realised that there was no way in hell I could be vegan. While Chef Leatherbarrow conjured up tasty and wonderful meals, it required culinary skills far beyond my capabilities. The other thing that Monsieur Leatherbarrow let me into was the secret of a good chilli: sugar!
We didn't have to wait long for evidence of how this translates into France's civic life.
I've also been working on some super cool jewelry designs and have some finished pieces ready to photograph and offer up for sale - stay tuned for an announcement about my new shop opening!
Now that I have my iPad, it makes reading digital mags easier than ever, I love it! I think I'd even like to start one of my own someday in the future (any interested contributors?)
My Guardian escorts lead me to the shore of the lake at the center of the colony, and for the first time since entering the dark but beautiful community, I feel the warm sun on my face. A shadow crosses the ground and Wren lands nearby, the wind from his wing movements scattering dirt and pine needles.
Stalwart is perhaps one of the best kept secrets in Russian extreme metal, because for all the talent and consistency I hear on this album (and the one before it, 2009's Annihilation Begins), they don't seem to have yet gotten the level of press that a band of their potential often receives. With luck this will change, because Manifest of Refusal is another massive statement of intent that will likely thrill a huge cross section of fans. The key to their style is variation, the core being a mixture of mathematical, crushing grooves and more harried flights of brutal death metal, but then, this is really only a start, because they're really not afraid to incorporate anything that will help the songs along. The result is like a conglomeration of aesthetics from bands as diverse as Meshuggah, Fear Factory, Behemoth and Napalm Death.
We see the Geege's family pretty regularly and I would have thought that they were briefed on all the comings and goings in Casa Four. Today, as my m-i-l gasped when she saw Doo Dah's gappy gums, I realised that maybe I need to communicate more!
But my grandest creation, as history will tell,
Perhaps Starchild Vengeance will be the trendsetter.
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
When Samuel L. Jackson showed up as Nick Fury at the end of “Iron Man” and mentioned to Tony Stark “the Avengers initiative,” fans loved the glimpse it provided into Marvel’s plans for its expanded big-screen universe.
Those who know me best always say that it isn’t necessary for me to try to explain myself; it invariably gets me into trouble, but it’s something I can’t turn off. As much as I might like to qualify it, the fact remains that the beer business with which I’ve been associated for almost twenty years always has been an extension of my own personality, and so when it comes to making policy changes like implementing a smoke-free workplace and radically reforming the guest beer program – simultaneously – there is a rigorous self-examination prefacing the public’s knowledge of the new direction.
This is the perfect meal for a winter day/evening. Its spiciness helps to heat you up, and its heartiness helps to keep you full for a really long time. I think this would be great for a superbowl party, especially because the recipe makes so many servings!
1433 **D-VIII/29/2002. “The Accidental Leo Strauss.” “New Studies on Leo Strauss” Panel, Claremont Institute for the Study of Statesmanship and Political Philosophy (with William Kristol, Steven Lenzner, and others), Annual Convention, American Political Science Association, Boston, Massachusetts. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(2), above, pp. 780-82.)
He talked to me about stance and much like shooting it focuses on balance and not being easily pushed back or pulled forward. He showed me what happens if I stand with my legs crossed which is how I always stand.
(UPDATED Jul 9th; everything below is working)
1981: Steve Garvey (25th)
and the clouds do over-shadow the sun
97) I am a keyboard pounder. I took typing for two years in 7th and 8th grade, and we learned on old manual typewriters. According to the Spouse Sparrow, I still sound like I'm on a manual typewriter.
With each step towards the doctor, the lights flickered on and off, and each time they went out, Daniel was replaced by Marianne. “It doesn’t take much effort. Most humans are weak against my psychic attacks.”
I opened another Goose Island beer this weekend that has been knocking around my beer cupboard for a while, this time it was Night Stalker. It's nice big imperial stout at 11.7% that is unmercifully hopped with Mt Hood and Simcoe, producing a nice strong 60 IBU. It also has an identical malt profile to Bourbon County Brand Stout and its variations (2-Row, Munich, Chocolate, Caramel, Roast Barley, Debittered Black). Additionally, instead of aging it in bourbon barrels as the Bourbon County Brand Stout is, this is dry hopped to within an inch of its life, creating a quite different beer.
If a heavily sculpted or renovated tree or shrub was seen in a middle class neighborhood one might say it was “butchered, devalued, defaced or just bad horticultural practices”.
Finding established trails with the length we need is still a challenge; we drove up to a mountain pass that is still closed and walked up trails as we found them. We only saw about ten cars the whole day.
Mesek says it’s not yet known if the original Guns N’ Roses lineup will reunite and perform. Mesek say he believes frontman Axl Rose, guitarist Slash and other band members plan to attend. The group split in 1996.
The past few weeks have been trying. My grandmother passed away two weeks ago and what ensued was the overwhelming grieving process. Last week my son struggled with side effects of a virus that left him unable to put pressure on his one leg to walk. On one hand these may seem to be routine events that occur throughout our lives. But in the midst of them, while experiencing them, they can seem overwhelming and too much to handle. Yet it is here that I am convinced that we feel fully alive. What do I mean by that? As a follower of Jesus, I believe that his sacrifice on the cross atoned for my sin (past, present and future). With this sacrifice, Jesus atoned for death and sin once and for all. Wrapped up in the message of the Gospel is the counter-cultural news that when we die to ourselves, we are released to fully live in Jesus. We are also released from hopelessly facing troubles and trials. In the midst of these trials, we can actually suffer with Jesus as he comes alongside us. These experiences then, if we are willing, draw us closer to Jesus. At surface value the concept seems strange, unusual, odd and even ridiculous, but once you have experienced this, it is the power of God!
In case you didn't pay attention in history class... the lyrics of TSSB were taken from the 1814 poem, "Defence of Fort McHenry," written by lawyer and poet Francis Scott Key. He witnessed the British Royal Navy blast the bejesus out of Fort McHenry during the Battle of Baltimore (War of 1812) - while being detained on a British ship! After the smoke cleared our flag was still standing and - BAM! - his famous tale was penned and immortalized.
Miso
The colour of the finish beer would have been higher than indicated below. That's because they would have adjusted the colour with some sort of caramel at the end of the process. You'll see below that the analyses from the 1960's have EBC vlaues between 24 and 31. Though, if they were anything like other Scottish brewers, they would have made several different coloured versions for different markets. Same beer, just different amounts of colouring material added.
Dress: Metamorphose
I just laughed. “Whaaaaaa? Meeeee? No – no fish here. Just strawberries and apples.”
Step 1 – Pick your Country
I won’t ever know
I may not be a feminist with a capital 'f', but I defend the right of any writer, male or female, to write what they want. And, my own right to write, and read, what I want. I also have a right as a reader, to be shown a balanced selection of reviews...
Check out my favorite tutorials by clicking here, or on the tutorials button on the navigation bar. I make sure to update this page frequently so check back often.
HOW MANY OF US ARE PRISONERS? DO YOU KNOW… I DONT!
AS: What are the challenges and rewards of focusing on one subject for such an extended period of time?
Structure of a Technology Transfer Agreement (check-list)
WHY RENT THIS: Samuel L. Jackson and LL Cool J are worth watching. Or you really like sharks.
Now, if you are not necessarily open to working with Oshun, you may feel more comfortable working with Her Catholic Emanation, Mother Mary (or, as one of my favorite authors, Judika Illes, calls Her, Mary the Blessed Mother). Of course, you can also work with any other Love Goddess (or, Love God, for that matter), when engaging in this particular bath.
And I put a teeny-tiny dab in her mouth.
This olden gent becomes a knave
07. Inns Of Sparrow
Using Low Level Laser Therapy (LLLT), the YOLO Curve mimics the body’s natural metabolic process to provide a painless and non-invasive alternative to surgery. During each treatment, the YOLO Curve’s laser energy safely penetrates your skin at a specific wavelength targeted for adipose cells—otherwise known as fat cells. These adipose cells are permeated, releasing their triglyceride content so that the body may utilize them as an energy source. As the adipocytes release these triglycerides into circulation, their size diminished, resulting is inch loss and a reduction in the appearance of cellulite. I have to admit, I was very hesitant about the idea of a laser shrinking fat cells; I had all of these thoughts of crazy looking machines, lasers burning into my skin and having to lay naked on a table as the treatment was being done and seriously ALL of that was completely as far from what YOLO is as you can get! When I went in to have my consultation the staff was very quick to explain exactly what the YOLO Curve treatment consisted of and what I could expect and by the time my consultation was over I was much less hesitant about having the YOLO Curve treatment done. Aside from my crazy fears I was also skeptical of how well one YOLO Curve treatment actually worked, I mean if there was actually a machine that could help you lose inches in minutes wouldn’t we all have one?
life happens.
*All those suffering with health issues which result in seasonal flare-ups, like arthritis, fibromyalgia and others--for the same reason as above.
This feels like a déjà vu from two years ago.
Those fluent in the English language know that “man” in this context means all members of mankind — whoops I mean personkind. Nonetheless the forbidden slogan will no longer be used by the university in any official context.
But here are our 3 lovely recipes
We are never going to be truly happy because we will never allow ourselves to be happy. We are bombarded on a daily basis, from every single angle; with people telling us how useless our lives are, how if we did this one thing, everything would be better. Buy this car, cut your hair like this, wear these shoes, loose a stone in weight, go on holiday here, belong to this group, not that group over there, put down that cake, and get a new career, change, change, change. All of this is pounded into our subconscious by all aspects of the media, and our own social circles, until we are almost breathless and dizzy from it all, and with an almost underlying sensation that we are missing out on some wonderful and elusive life. This life that everybody else is having and one we seemed to have mislaid the invite too.
The Apache and Navajo used leather to make their ceremonial masks. But, the one thing they all had in common was that they all had a ceremonial purpose of some kind for their creators.
Transfer fish to plate and serve with salad.
Those types of patient expectations are pretty standard and if there are any issues are resolved without much fanfare. The expectation that I find the hardest to come to terms with is when a patient has had a previous physical therapy experience at a different clinic (usually a good one) and expects me to provide the same type of treatment as before. Sometimes they come to me and say “I want the heat and the electrical things.” And that’s it. Or they come in and ask “Do you do massage?” Well technically yes but probably not like they are expecting. Or “my last therapist didn’t make me exercise, why should I now?” Nine times out of ten they are asking sincerely and without malice. They were treated a certain way and benefited from it and now expect the same from me. This is where it can get a little sticky for me. If what they are expecting is in line with what I think they need to get better I will do it. However, if what they are asking for is just a band-aid or does not mesh with my treatment plan and overall physical therapy philosophy I will be more hesitant to do what they are asking for. At this point it is up to me to convey my thought process to the patient in a concise, understandable, and professional way. If I do this the vast majority of patients have no problem with my decision and are thank me for being up front with them. Every once in a while I have a patient who isn’t satisfied with my explanation and half heartedly continues therapy or quits all together. And this is the tough lesson I have had to learn over the years. You can’t please everybody.
The issue came about as I was packing up at the end of the day as I faced the challenge of what to do about the wet clothes/towel. I was switched on enough to at least grab a plastic bag this morning so didn’t have to worry about the clothes getting any other items wet but found myself considering whether or not office etiquette would allow me to stash wet clothes for a day (possibly hide them in a coworkers office who is out for a week or two?) or if I should simply man up and throw them in my backpack as originally planned (how heavy could it be right?) In the end I decided to stuff them in my backpack and head off. (Mistake number? – I’m losing count) I compounded the mistake by attempting to incorporate way too many changes to my plodding style of running so between trying to shorten my stride, strike midfoot, kick my heals back to increase turnover rate and all the other routine mistakes that trudging along at little more than a walk entails I found myself flying down the street… for about 10 minutes at which point the wet towel, long strides and general lack of ability to run all came crashing down. Managed to regroup and finish off with some run/walk and now off to work on laundry management issues.
Leave us a link to your IMM, we'd love to drool over your reads!
"Ya I know where Hainnesville is" I said.
We have gotten used to being broke and despised.
It has been more than a while that I have been away...hope u remember me ! Well, I have been on a Euro trip and thoroughly enjoyed every moment..I was stationed in Germany but every weekend was a different destination ...right from Paris, Switzerland, Spain, Austria, Sweden and the list goes on and on.. ;-) Check out few pics from my brief expedition :D
Now you know whatever I finally sewed after Bean was born had to be essential and it had to be a simple, SIMPLE easy project.
I'd shine my light through the cool Colorado rain
So, with any luck, I shall have some results for you on this matter later today. But in the meantime, I’m praying, carrying all of my Hadrian coins, and trying to keep my mind on him as much as possible until the time comes to put pen to paper and write something new…
I love how conservatives embrace "stay at home" moms who can afford it. Unfortunately poor women who have to raise their children AND work get no such love from the Richie Rich crowd.
“I suspect there are a good many of our readers who like myself savored the pleasures, on the screen or on the printed page, of John Berendt’s Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil. The prose was elegant, the story was gripping, and both book and film were so richly evocative of one of my favorite cities — what was not to like? Yet even after all of that, after all of the seductive, artful presentation of Jim Williams/Kevin Spacey, Danny Hansford/Jude Law, Lady Chablis/Lady Chablis, John Cusack’s narrator, and more, weren’t you left hanging just a bit? Didn’t you want to get closer to the truth, at long last, closer than Hollywood or Berendt’s atmospherics allowed? I did, but I never thought I’d get there until I learned about and read Marilyn Bardsley’s remarkably well-told exposition of the truth of the matter and the evidence behind the intrigue. It was a treat for me, and one that could be consumed in a single satisfying sitting, so it is only right that I should share it here with you. Enjoy. Your questions will be answered, and you may discover both an author and a series to which you will want to return in Marilyn Bardsley and RosettaBooks’ Crimescape series, for which she is the editor.” -Steve Windwalker.
So they are equally anti-"other parts of Italy too," though to a predictable lesser extent. And this is an interesting phenomenon in Italy.
Just remember. This econazi would actually cheer having us cut down from 7 to (at best) 1 billion earthlings. Funny, just this week I also stumbled across a great video by Bill Whittle who does a splendid job of chopping up the hopes and dreams of splendid theorists like Mr Lovelock:
Genevieve recalled the morning he awoke from that dream. “I remember him being just so overwhelmed, and I so badly wanted to fix him, help him fix that pain. He woke up from that dream and started talking about it. I think he was haunted.”
TLD: What's a typical day in the life of Hafdis Huld like?
I'm having a lot of "learning opportunities" with the somewhat simple lace cowl currently on the needles but resolving these little roadblocks is giving me lots of confidence to venture out to more challenging designs. Each project has given me little tidbits of knitting knowledge and now its time to start swimming in the deep end of the pool of the fiber arts. I have some ideas that I hope to incorporate into some patterns and take others and manipulate them to my liking. More about that in a few minutes...
till I’m erased
An intimate and privileged insight
I had two dreams this week and the first one was about getting fucked but I don't remember it. The second dream was about some people forcibly implanting chips into my brain. These chips destroyed my mind and caused me to become incapable of producing any thoughts. Experiencing that was absolute hell so I tried my best to escape it and eventually I did because I'm usually a total badass in my dreams to compensate for reality no doubt.
Check out what the other girls made,you will be surprised and you will make a prodject of your own...I'm sure about that!!!
Seriously though, it felt sad.
3. Winter Gloves - Invisible (3:00)
He’s that guy you know; the one that can do everything. McAbee is the writer, director, and star of American Astronaut. He also wrote all the music for the movie with his band, The Billy Nayer Show (yeah, he’s in a band too). So without a doubt, The American Astronaut is McAbee’s baby. I’m just telling you so you know who to thank later!
V/A - Achtung Drei Chicago! (black vinyl. 1995 comp with mushuganas, aya, the geezers, slapstick, vic vacuum and the attachments, houseboy, apostles on strike, pinwheel, my foolish halo, lunkhead, urbn dk, oblivion, scary monsters, lynyrd's innards, tricky dick, herbal flesh tea, nostrilsaurus, beardicus enormous
What is the tallest building from which you have taken in surrounding views?
Favourite Number: Never really thought about it, probably 23, which is my birthday
McMaster professor Jim Quinn, one of the six citizens, called the Council's decision "vindictive" and "an attempt to silence opposition to the expressway and prevent discussion of need and alternatives as they've done since 1985".
RULE NUMBER ONE about modern slavery: there is no modern slavery.
Tee: GROOOOOOOOOSS!
You promised to honor and cherish me!
I'm not sure the big city is the place for dogs.
Q: How has your opinion of Louisianna changed in the last year?
AUDIENCE: No!
I always amaze myself when I head to a dollar store and find something like this!
Create a card, craft or gift for Mother's Day. If you came from Susan's Blog you are in the right place:) If not head over to CARDZ TV and start from the beginning of the hop:) Mary at Cardz Tv will be giving away 2 sets of CTV Stamps winners choice!!! How exciting:) For my card I used CTV Stamp Mothers Day. They have some great sentiments on this set:) I used Art Philosphy Cricut Cartridge for my card for the shape and flowers. I used a K @ Company die cut for the butterfly and inked up everything with Tim Holtz vintage photo and added some ribbon from Papertrey Ink.
We took my 85 year old grandmother out to lunch today. On our way to pick her up I told the boys to be thinking about a question they would want to ask her, something they would want to know about her - anything at all. It ended up that my two nephews and niece joined us as well. As we waiting for our food to arrive, I asked the boys to go ahead and ask her and it started a very interesting and fun conversation, with one question being asked after another. Here is what I learned about her today . . .
-What is that plan? Can you tell me?
Most of the current students at MATAN have studied Talmud in university and will continue to do so. Although we appreciate the important tools that world offers us, do we want to send the message to Jewish women that the only place they can study this most central text is in academia? A university setting cannot replace the beit midrash, which facilitates careful, intensive Talmud study in an environment that allows one to immerse oneself in its reality.
HOW THE FUCK DO YOU FUCK UP SOMETHING THAT IMPORTANT, THAT FUCKING EPIC, THAT FUCKING CLIMACTIC – THE GODDAMN FUCKING CLIMAX OF THE ENTIRE FUCKING SHOW – THAT FUCKING HARD??
Client: Young parents who have old whole life policies purchased when they were children. The death benefit is simply not enough to fit their current needs.
A sailboat for you
C) Follow as many religious regulations (or not) as we choose
This is not a review, but rather an exploration into the basic subject matter of the film.
“We synthesized the results of neuroimaging studies using visual stimuli from across the world. The results are strong enough to remain true despite the variability between the research designs, samples and tasks, making the perceptual account of autistic cognition currently the most validated model. The stronger engagement of the visual system, whatever the task, represents the first physiological confirmation that enhanced perceptual processing is a core feature of neural organization in this population. We now have a very strong statement about autism functioning which may be ground for cognitive accounts of autistic perception, learning, memory and reasoning.”
Organisation of Communist Internationalists of Greece (OKDE),
strips on the left are for the sides of your acrylic box frame and the shorter ones are for the top and bottom. You can either use the templates as is or search, group and merge papers to them. I used them as guides for knowing how wide my element borders needed to be. And then I removed them.
Developing a mobile health (mhealth) framework for behavior change, however, remains elusive. First, technology is changing rapidly and mobile phones are getting more capable. Most of recent mhealth interventions rely on simple texting (SMS) which offers varying degrees of appeal to target populations in the long run. Smartphones facilitate engagement and persuasion with pictures, videos and more intuitive user interfaces found on social media apps such as Facebook. This sort of interaction can contribute to developing habits for overall lifestyle or health behavior change. A recent Pew study found that 35 percent of American adults owned a smartphone and I believe more people are likely to switch to smartphones in near future.
I am taking my vitamin C and echinacea but this one came out of nowhere with no advance warning so I am just hoping to lessen the symptoms.
Nonetheless, that early stuff was so awesome. I loved it and so did my dad back when he wore pants. Here’s Yumi, a musician and Shakira fan in Brazil, doing a rad cover of my favorite early Shakira song “Estoy Aqui” (1995) in her foyer (listen for the high-speed-folk chorus, oh man):
What's a girl to do, to put the spark back into my relationship with my blog? I guess I need to try a little harder, communicate a little more. Give it some attention. Put on my figurative writing negligee and get in bed with it with gusto.
Here’s step by step instructions on our Tangled Fondant Rapunzel Tower Cake:
Among other penalties, such as loosing draft picks and being fined a substantial amount of money, the Saints and their fans were starting to get used to the fact that Payton would have to miss this season and Loomis was out for 6 games. Then came round 2 of “Bounty Gate” consequences. The NFL and Roger Goodell found it necessary to suspend MLB Jonathan Vilma for the entire 2012 season was well. DE Will Smith recieved a 4 game suspension, while ex-Saints players Scott Fujita and Anthony Hargrove also received suspensions. Fujita was hit with a 3-game ban, and Hargrove was slapped with an 8-game ban. Here is where it gets a little tricky…
Skinny Cherry Muffins
Over the next several weeks we'll be showcasing SMASH pages by our Designers. SMASHing, a collage-driven scrapbooking technique, is all the rage right now - and SRM Stickers are perfect in helping to create fun pages. Here are Shannon Morgan's March pages. Click on her photographs to view the details;
Hope you have all had a lovely Monday
Two years ago today, a massive earthquake devastated Haiti. Some 250,000 people perished among a population of about 9 million. Not only did this disaster kill a greater proportion of a nation’s population than any other in history, but it toppled thousands of homes and buildings, destroyed cultural treasures such as the national cathedral and killed dozens of U.N. workers, including the commander of the mission. A chaotic relief effort and weeks of nonstop media attention followed.
“District 751 has always said that Boeing’s best workers are here in Puget Sound,” he said. “Now, it seems, Boeing agrees.”
Cure for Diabetes". He may had to slow things down at first but as most
of a nation’s cries
Him:'Honest????'
I hope you enjoyed this post. l would be glad to know what you think about this creation. Also, my sister and I are giving away some craft supplies to our lovely blog friends. We are inviting everyone to link up. Have a fabulous day!
Not so's you'd notice - given my recent not-postingness - but I'm on a two- to three-week summer blogging hiatus whilst I deal with summer issues.
For more than 140 years, London Bridge served as a crossing over the River Thames. It survived both world wars and a terrorist attack in 1884. If an American entrepreneur could do all that, then why could London council not conserve it? Because Americans have more respect for our traditions than our local authorities. American tourists constantly ask locals, “Why are you ruining your culture?” We are not — local authorities are imposing this on us.
Recently, and with alarmingly increasing regularity, stories have been hitting the news of parents who kill their kids because they are unable to handle them. Autism is often cited as the problem and for some reason, society seems to be very understanding. These stories are very painful to read but I read them anyway and I think really carefully over these situations looking for clues.
The rate’s previous all-time record was 3.87%, registering on February 9.
a small mystery
I digress. This “we’ll never give in” macho posturing has led to some true violence and whilst there is always a police spokesperson out there to blame the bad guys, the truth is that it is also made worse by a particular style of policing.
Peanut Butter Frosting
Double Mountain is sited between Mounts Hood and Adams (hence the brewery's name), and in between them is one of America's premier fruit-producing regions. About ten minutes outside of Hood River, Matt owns forty acres cultivated largely in orchards. When he bought the land, it was planted with red delicious apples, but he replaced those with cherries, pears, and peaches--the former and latter with an eye to beer. (The orchard business surprised me on two counts: you can have a tree up and producing in 4-5 years, and fruit farmers regularly pull out trees and replace them with different ones.)
Self-imposed reality check : My first novel is not sexy and neither is the book cover (I’ve realized) but it’s funny, dark and it’s pretty damn real. OH! and regardless what Amazon says, it IS longer than 122 pages god damn it!
Such is not the case with ENCHANTED, a charming and whimsical re-telling of The Frog Prince. From the very first words of the opening chapter I was enraptured by the world that Alethea created. Her world is an overflowing cornucopia of every fairytale reference you could possibly imagine. Enchanted is everything a fairy tale fan needs and, in a way, you can tell that Alethea wrote this book just for us. But who knows, it may also create a few converts, too!
My company run low resistance tires on all wheel positions. Yep, they have zero traction.
FDR: No! I’M the one with the cigarette, not you! (muttering) Is he kidding me? (in a normal tone) You may resume, Christmas Past.
And so 3 hours in the dental chair leads to this lady feeling terrible…I’m so hungry I could cry… but chewing is OUT of the question. I hear you thinking ” how will this poor poor creature survive?”.. let me tell you…
Let’s live our dream
I love to bake, but don't do it that often because my will power is not so good :) Yesterday afternoon, I was really craving a sweet treat, so I whipped up a batch of ginger cookies. I may have eaten more than my fair share, but they are just so tasty!
Most of all, though, I wanted to call attention to the last screen shot on the page, because it gives me a bit of hope for Blizzard amid all the snarkiness that I’ve perhaps unfortunately indulged in.
Free thought is indeed a dangerous presence for those who are driven by the need to control thought, and this was the quandary felt by the rulers of Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, and currently by China and North Korea. Indeed, the persecution of artists like Shostakovich, Prokofiev and others reveals the targeting of free thought, and the labeling of such as an undesirable commodity in that particular society.
Photo Note: This was taken in the evening rush hour from the center of Broadway in SoHo looking north. The Chrysler Building can be seen in the distant center. I do not walk in the center of a street or avenue long or often - in this case, only a moment to capture the photo. I received no honking horns or other admonitions from drivers.
Estrym M, Kaminski M. Grossesse et conditions de travail en milieu hospitalier. Rev Fr Gynécol 1978 ; 73 : 625-631.
Accessories: Exacto Knife, 'Worn Lipstick' Stickles, Scalloped Circle Punch (clouds), Martha Stewart Fence Punch, May Arts Satin Ribbon, Bow Easy, Basic Grey Pearls, 'Pearl' Glimmer Mist, Paper piercer and template, foam tape;
spiritually discerned.
stumblebum has a new round of goodies up, all in shades of cool teal, warm yellow && bright peach. the lacey cropped top i’m wearing is part of the set out @ kyoot, my hair and the adorable headband are from truth, and the pose in the picture above is one from the offerings at frooti. stumblebum is one of those events that i always get excited for — some of my absolute favorite brands, with color palettes that have always been so pretty (and work so well together, too!)… what is there to not be excited for?
Mountain Sun Pub & Brewery Thunderhead Stout
1 dozen eggs
Hope you enjoy!!….. ChefGarfy =D
Now Beezers, and Triumphs, and Nortons won't do,
Meanwhile, Cally has a surprise for Arizona and she is dreading it because she thinks they are going camping which she hates. It turns out that Cally is borrowing Derek’s trailer which doesn’t do much for Arizona. She is happy though when she walks in and Cally has decorated it just for them. Now, you all may be thinking that Christina and Owen are over but we are left to guess when they show Owen and Christina in the boiler room together. I love them two together but I think Yang is too much her own person to be attached to a strong person like Owen.
FRIDAYS will be for my Featherbrained Friday promo, life, TV shows, celebrities, kids, family, writer mom series, any subject, and/or the other.
Just this past week - I began moving all of my work out to the cabin ( formerly the store). Seemed silly that it's just sitting there empty. I''ll now be doing ALL of my creating out there and plan to move my shipping area out there too. What a blessing that will be ! We've had it all in the workshop, but that's just gotten way too crowded. I'm very excited about it all. I'm just getting started... I've got lots and lots of supplies still to move out there... it's a work in progress.Here are a few pics....
1. Explaining the ‘Tough Mudder’ concept to outsiders with an internal perspective. This could eventually lead to increasing interest and participation conversion.
The Externally Secured Authentication setting on Receive Connectors basically removes all security blocks and allows complete and total access to that receive connector for any server with an IP address that matches the address range configured in the Network tab on the connector. This means that once that little box is checked, any computer that matches the connector’s IP range can use the Exchange Hub Transport Server as a Relay.
This is a user-friendly guide and you can be assured that it will not be overwhelming. This e-book is filled with educational and informational advice and is non-threatening. There is lots of common sense and no problematic scientific terminology. It is written in a step-by-step manner and had descriptions and photographs so that you can be assured of getting it right.
Gosh, that was a lot to type. And compared to its preceding installment, Dork Diaries 2 is a definite improvement, with a toned-down amount of cliche and “girly terms” (CCP = Cute, Cool, & Popular, for example), but it still needs to wash off that “Wimpy Kid for girls” stench that I absolutely despise. Its improvements have made it easier for me to enjoy, but I still feel a bit androgynous reading that book. Still a “great” entry in the series, but not the book that would make me go to Ms. Russell, drop to my knees at her feet, and beg for mercy.
I was able to skype with my dad and talk things out to see what I should do. We prayed over it and just asked that His will would be shown to me and that I would be able to desern the direction in which I am to move in. Tuesday morning I woke up with a very busy day ahead of me and only a few hours of sleep. All day I was trying to see if I even wanted to go and see where I was at on it personally. I realized that I did have a desire to go, but that burden of money was overwhelming. I was tired.
Okay, that wasn't so bad. I may have even enjoyed it a little ;) It's always fun to share some blog love.
A good medical care is vital to practice endurance sports despite asthma. Suitable sports for asthmatics are the dynamic ones, such as jogging, walking, swimming, cycling, or rowing. Sporty activities with sudden movement like football, sprint, tennis, or squash, however, should be avoided. A doctor or trainer should help to develop a suitable training program. People with allergic asthma have to pay special attention to the weather and surrounding area. Sometimes indoor training might be the right solution. Anyway, a spray in case of an emergency as well as a peak flow meter should always be near during the training session. Training in a group can be recommended, too.
3 confident
When you get a moment ( LOL ) most likely will be when you receive your next renewal, go ahead and check your policy, assure yourself that you and you’re family are adequately protected with the right coverages’ for you risk. If you’re not sure call your agent or call us and we’ll be happy to give you an auto policy protection review.
“I fondly remember the first time the club ever approached me to do a benefit gig. I said to Jerry (my agent) ‘Can you get these wankers out of my face’”
Note: I received a free copy of this book from Tyndale House Publishers in exchange for a review of this book. I was not required to write a positive review.
While you’re reading climategate2 load up the video below for a summary by a US Senator of the Senate Minority Report dealing with Climategate 1.
Riding the Rails by Dave "Honeyboy" Edwards
3) to understand world affairs; and
Here’s what one person had to say:
Pertaining to the dream a young Bouwer had of conquering the tennis world, – Bouwer has this to say, “Growing up I really wanted to be a professional tennis player. I wanted to conquer Wimbledon and all those big tournaments. Unfortunately, I was one of those kids that had to work much harder in order to get somewhere… and I guess I was a bit lazy. I also discovered the Happy Meal… But I still love tennis, and luckily I still get to play a stringed instrument… it’s just not a racket but a guitar…there’s strings none the less.”
We need physicians to expend more energy to promote colonoscopies, and less energy to promote screening that has not been showed to lengthen or improve life.
Ironically, without a belief in the religious version of God, I am a much more joyful person and am slowly learning to love myself and others more genuinely with each passing day. I can now FEEL love. I can now FEEL compassion. I can now FEEL. My FEAR is gone.
That’s how it was for our dog Toby and I. Christopher, my husband, showed me Toby’s picture on the NASAP adoption website, and I saw this big happy face, gorgeous brown eyes and the biggest pink tongue I had ever seen, hanging out the right side of the dog’s mouth. It was love at first sight.
I was 14...
The plane was repaired a few days later, safely refueled and flown out eventually returning to service.
First of all... it's a monday which means it's also a Digi Makeover Challenge day! We DO have a challenge for you and there WILL be a prize! So stay tuned in this post for more of those details.
Early this morning, I found a new YouTube video from AronRa: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4S-X2gzzoOI. Please watch it. You will, when the “punchline” comes, recognized that here is a man of enormous personal strength. The “punchline” is that his three and a half year old granddaughter died Dec. 19 of cancer, after a heroically brave battle and virtually lifelong. Watch to the end of the video, and you’ll even get a glimpse of her, complete with the sound of her voice. She was precious, and she was certain to have been a Hitchling, barely hatched long enough to be fully loved before being lost.
I hope you feel inspired, enjoy!
Really? That's the plot you want to stick with? It's like a "Twilight Zone" episode, provided Rod Serling didn't give a damn and hired out the writing duties to Mrs. Slocombe's third grade class.
T,T…I dun like the ending…hmm…too sad…
I'm not working right now and have been trying to find things to do with myself and I have rediscovered cooking. Since I have been off, I finally made Tamales. I've only been saying that I was going to learn to make them for about 7 years now! Tamales take an entire day to make. Or two mornings if you want to cook the meat one day and assemble them the next. They turned out to be pretty good for a gringo or a garbacha as my husband calls me, but next time I need to flavor the masa harina a little bit better...definitely needed salt!
Luckily, as soon a we came across 41 North we knew we had found the perfect location. A gorgeous boutique Hotel in the heart of Newport Harbor, 41 North's delicious restaurant had the perfect sized private dining patio with a picturesque view overlooking the ocean. Ummm... put a fork in me, because I am DONE.
Q: How many UP students does it take to change a light bulb?
This is done from a photo of a fall scene with a chapel tower, and I liked the layout design so tried my best with it. I haven't titled it as yet, or framed it, but plan to do that soon.
Don't you?
Congressman Paul Ryan and others who have framed the ongoing budget/deficit debate as a faithful/moral issue
Olympic swimmer
you stop a kiss to bite my chin
Photoshop has many means by which to manipulate text, but this will provide a starting point that will especially come in handy if you have not had the chance to use these text features before.
Sozo participants – you have indeed been cheated from the truth and freedom found only in Christ Jesus through His death and resurrection in which he claimed – “It is finished!”
I don't if any of you are basketball fans or not, but in a house of 6 boys and 1 girl (that girl being me), I am exposed to a lot more basketball that I would otherwise watch (zero). And because of that, our household is OBSESSED with Jimmer Fredette at the moment (and my husband is the ring leader of the obsession!)
My lawyer nodded in agreement.
2) The sound of bagpipes playing Amazing Grace over the quiet sobbing, and Brotherly hugs that complete stranger officers give each other at the funerals.
I love dark chocolate! Why?
Reese, born and raised in Detroit, and now a Manhattanite, was looking for a little piece of heaven away from the city, and found it in a small rural town outside of New York. The home reflects Tracy's grounded sense of style - approachable design that is unabashedly feminine, full of color, elegant lines, and a little bit of a vintage touch.
2. Keep in mind that an expensive, well-constructed shoe made of quality materials is not always guaranteed to be comfortable. A beautiful shoe is a work of art, but a comfortable shoe is a work of architecture, and the two don't always go together. Whenever I'm interested in a brand I haven't worn before, I always make sure to do plenty of research and read the online reviews first. There are plenty of brands out there that offer both style and comfort, so make sure you've done your homework lest you drop a lot of cash on a pair of beautiful torture devices.
We lay in the same positions as we did last night and this morning, as we always do, with only a few differences. Neither of us sleeps or talks. I read quietly, stretched out on my stomach, and she half watches TV, curled up on her side. From the other room come the slightly muffled sounds of cartoons and my daughter’s unintelligible jabbering. You’d never know, unless you looked very hard or knew us very well, that there’s yet another difference in our positions.
Our church has a puppet ministry that some of our youth are involved in. On Saturday, we took our puppet team, plus a few extra volunteers to Dallas Life, which is a homeless ministry in south Dallas. The agenda for the afternoon was to perform a puppet show for the kids, have them make their own puppets, then they'd learn how to perform with their puppets.
Write down the people that you love, that you know you can count on to love you back.
Calculations
-Bones
A professional HD video camera is one of the must-haves of avid filmmakers. These video cameras are the hottest item when it comes to the film-making or documentation industry.
This conference is about YOU!!...(and you, and you, and yes, you...) (and you...I see you there...).
Well finally I am getting around to finishing my gratitude journal. And you guessed it - I am grateful for my three beautiful boys. Somehow after years of infertility I am lucky enough to be the mum of three beautiful boys - Mitchell Steven, Harrison Adam and Jackson Kevin. All totally different and all a blessing in their own way.
I took out the medicine cabinet and started by cutting a piece of beadboard to fill the back. Used liquid nails and free weights worked very well to hold it tight so I didn't have to use the nail gun!
My mind sometimes drifts. My To Do lists interfere.
This card has been made using the Frankie Knuckles digi from Kenny K and it has been coloured with ProMarkers. The papers are by MME from the Kraft Funday Happy Days paper pad, the stickers are by Carolees Creations, the tickets are by Tim Holtz and the other bits and bobs are from my stash.
Those choosing to drive a car must be vigilant of everyone else using the roads. Roads are not their domain in Stockholm. They are forced to share the space equally and seem to bear the most responsibility for any problems that arise.
02-Eliminators - Johnny's Noseride
I love to watch singing competitions - and by that, I mean shows like American Idol or The Voice. I find myself holding my breath and hoping people hit the notes! I feel so badly when they don't. Occasionally, I will watch Dancing with the Stars, but I'd much rather listen to people sing!
The National airs at 6pm on Newsworld, 10pm on the main network, and about 14 other times in between. If you miss it, Rex Murphy will hit you with a devastating cutting remark. He’s a Rhodes scholar. Don’t mess with him.
"It's All Over" is a prime case in point. Actually beloved of a few Northern Soul DJ's at the moment who happily spin it to no complaints at all from punters, it's a neat little record with fantastic drumming high in the mix, haunting backing vocals, and a likable, gentle and rueful vocal performance from Hall. It's true to say that she's not an astonishing, top-flight singer, but there's enough character to compensate, and the huge, swinging drive behind the record is indeed pure Northern (by accident rather than design as always). Any experienced crate-digger will tell you that there are far, far worse things out there than this, and indeed at the kind of price you tend to find these discs for these days they're actually a steal. The Solo Cup company pressed so much of her material up and gave it out for free that it actually seems to be more ubiquitous in the USA at least than some of the in-demand hits of the period - do a quick search on ebay if you're in any doubt.
This is the area where you’ll have to work by trial and error to figure out your best Angelina Cat Eye. I will suggest colors that I’ve personally chosen for myself but remember I am fair. You can use this as a guide when choosing colors but pick those that work for you.
Are you ready to start it?
Remastered by TheTooleMan 2002, 2007
Yearly Count: 26
Of course, mentioning Quileia brings up the fact that the only matriarchy we’ve encountered so far is undergoing a political revamping—revolution is a bit much, as Marius came by his power legitimately. (Is that what defines tyranny in Tigana? Hmm…) I really want to know more about Quileia—religious matriarchy? Sign me up. (This probably says something about my attending a Presbyterian women’s college, but we’re talking Tigana today.) But we also encounter Alienor in “Ember to Ember”, and don’t think Kay didn’t know what he was doing when he named her after Eleanor of Aquitaine (In French, her name is written as Aliénor. The more you know!). She’s a woman powerful in her own right, although she’s inherited her power from her husband. The sexual power that Dianora displays is also found in Alienor, but Alienor’s sexual power is overwhelming—as Devin notes after their encounter, sex is a way for Alienor to forget herself (although she’s clearly dominant, which I found refreshing), not exercise her power. Unlike Dianora, obviously, Alienor has legitimate power, so she can afford to spend her sexual power however she wishes; it’s not the only way she can exercise her will.
Roll TIde.
We are lucky enough to have a pantry where we keep all our food (that don't go in the fridge), minus the peanut butter and nutella, that is kept close to the toaster for quick grabbing in the mornings, and in progress cereal. The pantry needs MAJOR organization. I mean, sure I organize it on a monthly basis (or bi-monthly), put the likes together, making sure nothing is going to fall, but they never stay where I put them. We accumulate all the time, acquire new food (we buy on special, so we get lots of the same thing), things get moved around, and things get messed up.
When I first started following this series, I didn’t imagine it would have anything to do with tango; I was just interested in picking up a new perspective on sketching. This changed when he started talking about the chain of energy, and the importance of visualizing energy and motion, instead of just form.
Members of the public seeking more information can phone Medway Council on 331791/331792.
Riding on another subway
Anyway, So Hubby and I dressed up for the breakfast ~ we're the ummm.... "hosts" after all AND we dressed up again for the evening event.
A few drops of red food coloring
The Minister of Housing with longest tenure through this period was Dr. Keith Rowley, M.P., currently leader of the Opposition PNM – he was in that office from November 2003 to November 2007 – see http://www.ttparliament.org/members.php?mid=26&pid=5&id=KRO01.
"For Labour voters across the country the growing number of Tory-Labour pacts in councils across Scotland is a real betrayal of what they voted for. Scotland's councils need progressive partnerships to protect people from the Westminster-imposed cuts, not these deals that defy the Labour rhetoric”.
This news release is more about the start of a press here at UHV than it is the author's book, though "Port of Victoria" is certainly an interesting and important part of the history of this place.
What's your favourite part of where you live?
Yours truly will be on hand to give a brief overview of the industry's economical and cultural impact on the region.
Kotter, J. P., & Cohen, D. S. (2002). The heart of change : real-life stories of how people change their organizations. Boston, Mass.: Harvard Business School Press.
whole post. It is okay...you are forgiven. lol.
Everybody (presumably) has already been Put Down as part of the natural order of this wacky mission. The Survey promises them one last resurrection, into Earth, into a new life in a future they never imagined, hopefully a peaceful and well-rewarded one.
The two flourishes I used are by Die-namics(and they don't put names on the Packages, sorry can't write those here either.
Now I say it and cringe externally.
Walter Bradley (B.S., Ph.D. University of Texas at Austin) is Distinguished Professor of Engineering at Baylor. He comes to Baylor from Texas A&M University where he helped develop a nationally recognized program in polymeric composite materials. At Texas A&M, he served as director of the Polymer Technology Center for 10 years and as Department Head of Mechanical Engineering, a department of 67 professors that was ranked as high as 12th nationally during his tenure. Bradley has authored over 150 refereed research publications including book chapters, articles in archival journals such as the Journal of Material Science, Journal of Reinforced Plastics and Composites, Mechanics of Time-Dependent Materials, Journal of Composites Technology and Research, Composite Science and Technology, Journal of Metals, Polymer Engineering and Science, and Journal of Materials Science, and refereed conference proceedings.
Joan Brehl, Vice President, ABC Canada
Passwords, production papers and other random thoughts. If you are going to take the day off please tell your staff the computer password or they might have tech change it to WendyisAwesome and not tell you. Production papers should be entitled production papers not menus. I am starting to wonder if I am going to be able to find anything on my boss's computer next year.
4. Stir in the Parmesan.
Mother.
I am happy to be back on gutteralutterings. I have missed you.
If you have the impression that the populace approves the product then you, if you want to conform to the image of a discerning consumer, are likely to follow suit. Nine out of ten owners (who expressed a preference) said their cats preferred it, sort of thing. In the case of ebooks, viral marketing can build a self-perpetuating myth. Program your tweetdeck or other tool with repetitive messages to tell the world that the world is approving your product.
Recently, Jamie (17), came for a month-long visit. We had a good time together. A few of the things we enjoyed this month were Moe's, coffee, BBQ, pizza, church, music, and friends. Jamie really brightens up my life when he's around. Here are some pictures from his visit...
Coastal Texas
Carrie Ann Ryan is a bestselling paranormal and contemporary romance author. After spending too much time behind a lab bench, she decided to dive into the romance world and find her werewolf mate – even if its just in her books. Happy endings are always near – even if you have to get over the challenges of falling in love first.
Phew! I think that’s it for all our news this week. Happy Easter everyone!
The series ended with me doing a podcast with the independent gubernatorial candidate, Tom Horner.
Beauty and the Werewolf by Mercedes Lackey - 329 pages
In bygone times, when Court of First Instance (now General Court) rulings on Community trade mark matters were not as plentiful as strawberries at Wimbledon, the IPKat used to report a good many of them. Now, since these rulings are almost too many to be of any interest at all, he writes about them less frequently. Today's appeal, in Case T-50/09 Ifemy’s Holding GmbH v OHIM, Dada & Co. Kids Srl, however caught his eye.
Chaplin’s scorn may also have had to do with another form of snobbery. Coming from the gutter himself, and now one of the richest men in the world, he associated with the likes of William Randolph Hearst, George Bernard Shaw, Igor Stravinsky, etc. etc. Laurel, as successful as he was, lacked both intellectual pretension and money smarts. At a time when the other great comics’ earnings were in the millions, his were in the thousands — and the bulk of that going to ex-wives. To be so much richer than Laurel might have been embarrassing to Chaplin. Laurel was not in his “class.”
other than put the lace straight on to the card" so I used my Borderability dies
a Cartwheel to insure she could not get close enough
Marketing Mentor and Friend
We read the story of Noah tonight. About how Noah preached to people for 100 years to stop being wicked, and to repent.
dust modes that dance
Wasn't it Neil Young that sang that line "teach your children well"? I'd go more towards "nurture your children the best you can". Not as poetic but a whole lot less soul destroying.
Coconut oil is getting to be quite expensive and sometimes it's hard to find. If that is the case and you're in Australia, you can use copha, which is available at the supermarket in the butter section. Enough copha to make this soap recipe will currently cost you around $2.66. Coconut oil solidifies when the temperature is 24c/76F. It's fine to use it either way; if it has solidified, just melt it with the other oil.
The hops were all very fresh, barley being a year old. Per the usual for BP beers they were all middle Kentish. One single addition at makeup was the extent of the kettle hopping. That being said, the single hop addition totaled a whopping 75-80 BU’s. Just as important as the BU count is the huge amount of tannins this much hop material would deliver. Using anything other than low alpha acid hops in this recipe will significantly change the flavor profile of this beer. A small amount of dry hops were added that would have given just a slight hint of the spicy Goldings.
I don't subscribe to that view, in part because I am an atheist but I quoted that to show that ideals can vary. And, as Jonathan Haidt points out, it is the clash of ideals that we have to deal with in politics. Declaring something "broken" is just a lazy way of avoiding serious discussion and responsible compromise. But it seems to be exciting some erectile tissue below:
"Africa's share of global trade fell from 6% to 2% between 1960 and 2002, and high transport costs are a major reason for this," said Thomas.
40 24 15 .91 N , 93 38 09.74 E
The even rows are rows of 14 flowers.
through my veins
So she did, her hair was in a ponytail and she went to look in the mirror to check out her new bling.
I totally feel your quote now, Will. Thanks.
Playing Cards
The Habitat for Humanity ReStore, located one block west of Wornall on 79th, is hosting the Market. It is a natural fit with ReStore’s commitment to the wise stewardship of natural resources. In turn, vendor participation will support the Waldo Restore.
Hmmm I guess that's about it! Heh, have a good day people~
I don't understand what is happening here. What does until he stumbles into the one field that might actually help others before the police arrive: social worker. mean?
Cathy’s physician was forced to sign a gag order in order to receive, eventually,
I'm a huge fan of the series, which starred Gregory Harrison, Heather Menzies and Donald Moffat, and am very excited by this news. With this much-desired and highly-anticipated video release, I'll now have virtually all of my favorite childhood shows on my DVD shelves.
Cardigan: Target
Whoa, this week has been crazy. IEPs, SPP reviews and going on vacation starting tomorrow until Tuesday. So I'm getting sub plans and all that jazz set to go. We also got our catepillars this week so it's been busy!
Areas have been deforested for agriculture and then abandoned once the soils have lost their fertility. What many do not realise is the fertility of a rich forest is mostly captured in its vegetation. Only through the continuous cycle of life and death are nutrients released into the ecosystem. Once you strip the vegatation away, the soils hold only a small volume of the nutrients. They then become increasingly impoverished as they are over-farmed, and as rain washes away the remaining but unbound fertile topsoils.
But, instead of waiting for the review to report and basing their policy on evidence, it seems the LibDems would rather pander to the left and indulge in potentially popular rich bashing. God knows they need to improve their popularity but I can't help thinking they'd gain more credibility in the long term by pursuing policies that will help encourage growth and actually increase tax revenue. Showing leadership is what being in power is about.
“Authorities were carrying out raids in India’s western Gujarat state for bogus drugs and recycled syringes after a hepatitis B outbreak left 32 people dead, officials said Saturday.”
ended at fifteen episodes. Or was it fourteen? Anyway, the ending was iffy as well. Too many loose ends for my taste. Even the infusion of Ashley Green wasn’t enough to boost ratings. Alas, I did enjoy that one too, and now it’s gone.
The cover of volume two announces letters from 1941 to 1956, yet the first letter is dated 17th January, 1945. The missing years were those of war, most of which Beckett spent living and working in a farming community deep in the “free zone” having escaped occupied Paris on the brink of arrest. From there he sent postcards to his family in Ireland, which they didn’t receive and, on January 12th 1941, he sent a “pre-printed lettercard” to James Joyce. A facsimile is shown in the introduction. Joyce died the next day.
Sometimes it takes time for God to send the answer our prayers:
* Bait-and-switch. I booked a flat (as is normal here) and asked for their driver to pick me up from the airport. Halfway towards the city, the manager called to inform me that my flat was no longer available, and that the only other was three times the price. If that was not acceptable, she would have the driver leave me on the side of the road.
Granted, Leigh has made a career in horror thanks to Psycho, but there's all the difference between dealing with Alfred Hitchcock and Anthony Perkins and dealing with giant bunny rabbits flaring their nostrils.
Jan 13
I want to show you a small sampling of my finds today.
I’ll have to get back to you on that.
I should first thank Rob for this bittersweet introduction to the elixir known as Frightened Rabbit. Specifically their album "The Midnight Organ Fight". (I would also like to thank him for writing very beautiful and severely warm e-mails to me during the first part of my separation and divorce. I am indebted to him. But that is a tale for another day...)
Around here we no longer attempt to accomplish raising boys and girls the same. That experiment was undertaken in the 70s, and it flopped. From time to time a genderless hold out pops up, and then there is a stray lesbian couple, but there is no movement to raise boys and girls alike because few people want to set themselves up for a disappointment. Now we are merely raising kids who are not too excited about becoming either men or women. A case in point is the insistence on the part of quite a few moms that their sons pee sitting.
Wow, such eerily prophetic words from the pop-glam R&B studs. Has anyone ever considered that Bobby is essentially an R&B Nostradamus?
Find a sewing machine. Cut "quilt" pieces. Make said quilt.
I’ve been under the weather for the last two weeks…nothing serious…just upper respiratory stuff that’s hung on a bit longer than usual. However, as a result, my wonky sleep patterns have been even more wonky and at 3 o’clock in the morning there really isn’t much to do other than read or watch TV. Do you know what’s on at 3 in the morning? Informercials. And if you can believe them, we live in a society obsessed with how we look.
We are :
Dr. Mink trying to see in her ears. Her ear canals are very small and they had some wax so the Dr. couldn't see if the structures were all intact. The Dr. decided it would be better not to push looking since she is scheduled for her cleft team appointment in April and there were no immediate concerns. We have noticed that Jilliana is very sensitive in the ear area. We don't know if that is just the way they are or if it was from the trauma she experienced with the exams given to her last May. So we will wait until April to get a better look. We still know that Jilliana can hear. We still don't know how much. I still think that if I had not been told that she had hearing loss I would not be even looking in that direction. It is still too early for us to tell. I have noticed that when she repeats a word she seems unable to say the word exactly. We don't know if that is due to just being here 4 weeks or if it is because she is three, or if she has a speech problem or a hearing problem. Again, I am looking for something to be wrong and would never have suspected if we had not been told this was the reason for her disruption. We think she is off the charts smart. She hears a tune once and can be heard singing it later. The other day she heard a tune on the ipad with Mike "This Old Man" and then she ran and found the Fisher Price little bus that plays the same tune but with different words.
Nothing I can touch.
ha ha just kidding...
to be used for heating MIC's and his son's homes,
He received treatment, and his condition seemed to be under control, but gradually Max saw a change in Watusi and their relationship. They were spending less and less time together. They had drifted apart. Max attributes it to the toll that thyroid disease had taken on his best friend, physically as well as emotionally. His mood and psyche were altered by the illness. After years of health struggles, Linwood "Watusi" Cheatham left this world at the age of 47, September 3, 1996. He will always be remembered and loved for his larger than life personality and is still greatly missed. "The guy was magic," Max remembers, "I saw him perform hypnotism on people just by walking into a room."
The grist of the beer is 80% malt, 20% corn. It is aged for months or years and then blended to produce the standard version of the beer (about 5% abv). The straight aged beer is sold as "Grand Cru" is stronger at 6%. None of the traditional Belgian versions exceed 6.2% alcohol by volume. The beer is aged in massive wooden tanks that are scraped between each batch so there's always new wood to season the beer. Finally and most importantly, the yeast, which has funkified through the generations, contains as many as 20 distinct strains (!), including a range of lactobacilli.
Saute onion, garlic and parsley in the skillet for a couple of minutes and then add the ground beef, cooking until thoroughly done. Drain fat.
Apart from the Greens, the anti-austerity classic liberals in the ANEL, Independent Greeks, and the New Democracy splinter group DISY, Democratic Alliance, the party that stands out the most if not in support than in sheer shock value is Golden Dawn. Once a fringe party, Golden Dawn, an unabashed ultra-nationalist Neo-nazi party with roots in Nazi occultism is now running at over 5% in some polls. Golden Dawn is known for reveling in Nazi memorabilia, Mein Kampf is on display at it’s headquarters, anti-immigrant violence, Nazi salutes and holocaust denial. Sadly, all of this is becoming more and more acceptable to the Greek electorate, as economic conditions worsen and anti-immigrant sentiment rises.
“Thanks, wish you boys would leave us some machine guns though.” I note that Jamal does not correct him on the presence of us ladies. Carol and I are going to be easy to spot as women; I am not sure about the female mechanic in the Humvee. Not that, she is mannish but rather in her dark, bulky military coveralls and short hair, a casual observer might not realize that she is female. I have never been fond of makeup, and I did not notice any makeup worn by either Carol or the female mechanic.
Dean Of Boston University's College Of Communication Tobe Berkovitz Believes "The One Extra Step" Causes Romney All The Trouble. BERKOVITZ: "It's the fine-tuning that's created the problem. It's always that one extra step that causes him the trouble. … You can't just say that African-Americans were accepted into the church and I was happy, you have to say you pulled over and you cried." (The Associated Press, 12/21/07)
When I was growing up, my mother told me that a lady never discusses religion, politics or sex in polite company. Last week I discussed all three, all at the same time in three different articles! As a result of sharing my political, religious and sexual opinions, I had two interesting conversations on Facebook. The first conversation was with a woman who “messaged” me privately and fired off a fair amount of sarcasm in an attempt to shame and blame me for my opinions–the ones my mother told me not to discuss in the first place! It was a discourse that finally ended with my saying I respected her beliefs but I wasn’t interested in her sarcasm or her meanness. End of conversation. She did write me back one last time to tell me that she wasn’t mean.
cream room with wooden slatted floors
Was that the intent of the law was when state lawmakers passed it?
I am grateful for a spoonful of fierceness as required.
So, I was asked a question yesterday, that inspired me to write another "So you want to write about firearms" post; and made me realize I had to write another post that was related, but not exactly the same...
Where breath most breathes, even in the mouths of men.
My daughter, Cheyanne. It is not often that I can catch her unawares. Watching her makes my heart expand. It is a privilege to call her my daughter. It is hard to put into words my feelings for this bright, beautiful, stubborn baby of mine.
Hope everyone has a merry, fashionable Christmas!
Groundcruiser (an auto-like vehicle that travels a few feet off
A change of government
The first step in recovery is to “admit we are powerless over our addictions and that our lives have become unmanageable.” It can actually require a lot of work to deny this very basic step. Often times, others around us can point out where we fall short in managing life. But admitting it to ourselves is something completely different. It’s like looking in the mirror and really seeing all of the imperfections. We just don’t want to do that. So, avoiding that proverbial mirror seems the easier route. Actually, it can instill a lot of anxiety and stress, which in turn, prevents recovery.
For thousands of years zucchini has been eaten in Central and South American countries but has only been a widely consumed vegetable in North America for about 30 years. The variety that is grown here is a green Italian squash. There are many types of zucchini grown these days but the most common is still the summer green zucchini. It can grown up to a meter long but is best picked around 8 inches (20 cm) while the seeds are still soft and small. In honor of this prolific vegetable, here is a recipe for zucchini pancakes that does this mild vegetable justice.
Combine all ingredients with pork in a large ziploc bag. Move around gently, then marinate at least 8 hours or as long as overnight, turning a few times.
I'm waiting on some Mint Julep cups to arrive and linking up to Cuisine Kathleen's Let's Dish! Come on over and let's party a bit. OOh, another party - Susan's Tablescape Thursday.. see you there!
Miracle
If you are a young person, a parent, or any person with a conscience, you should be working furiously to end war and to end debt bondage for students.
I was born in the spring of a cold winter. I was carried through deep snow the like of which had not been seen for years, and would not be repeated until this year. My mother always claimed that’s why I prefer cold to heat, as if some element of cold had been taken in during that long winter. The snow lingered under the hedgerows, in the dark of a shadow. In the sun it was spring, but in the shade it was still winter. If you turned away from the sun you would have been looking into the past, with the future now behind you. If you walked in a circle you would have seen both past and present in a single journey.
I'm gonna pack up some more stuff into boxes - or at least think about it!
7. Sprinkle the cheeses generously over the pizza and any other toppings you’d like.
Cream cream cheese and butter together. Mix in vanilla. Sift in the powdered sugar. Mix until smooth.
Saturday, March 13, 2010 3:00 PM
None found.
I’m lost somewhere in the dark
With a cop hunting him, Scott knows going to the police isn’t an option. Unwilling to stand by, he decides to sabotage Stone’s plan before the bloodshed begins. Detective Jones discovers Scott’s identity - and what’s worse – so has Mayor Stone. Outnumbered…and out of time, Scott must rely on his wits to secure his freedom, and hopefully his life.
After preparing the dough and letting it wait for a while covering it with some wet fabric , take small portions from it and open them using a dough roller. Remember to use some starch while doing it , it helps. Try to open the dough as much as you can.
Fervent and stubborn Ron Paul supporters stay home or write him in. Obama wins.
All printed up
18.Bad Boys 04:02
Ft. Campbell – Next to Land Between the Lakes; adjacent to airfield and US Alt. 41.
According to the Scotsman newspaper, recently discovered stories written by Arthur Conan Doyle in his youth are to be put on display at the National Library of Scotland.
Besides the Supercool IPA we've got another one-off draft beer in the works - an amber Bavarian-style hefeweizen. Last year for the Oregon Brewers Festival we produced an openly fermented extra pale version that reminded us how delicious hefe beers are, and lately I've been quaffing my fair share of the excellent Occidental Hefeweizen. After getting the bug to do one here again, I decided to go the amber route, similar to Schneider Weisse, just to mix it up some. That should get brewed next week and be out and about only a few weeks later as they tend to ferment and condition quickly. By then the weather should be more appropriate, right?
Every word is useless
Break Up
The absurd situation has come about because of a decision by the Spanish government to grant citizenship to any person who has a far-off distant relation who might have left that country up to 80 years ago at the time of the Spanish Civil War.
If you really knew me YOU would know that I chose not to associate myself with most human-beings because what humanity has come to is in-human.
Her children arise and call her blessed;
Serve with champagne vinegar at the table or scarf them down plain. They're tasty on their own.
The retail price of diesel would drop by eight sen to RM2.50 a litre, he said in a statement.
There is a question! Are we really concerned about our health and wellness or it’s just because everybody knows and comments about that issue?
When Paul was invited to speak on Mars Hill he proclaimed that God is great.
As this stuff is utterly wonderful and has always proved quite popular with "the heads", I thought it might be time for a refresh of their entire oeuvre. So, you know, why the fuck not?
I'm almost three months into my internship and almost three months into living apart from Matt during the week. Outside of our trips to Texas and NYC, we've been able to spend every weekend together, in Chicago. This means that every single Friday after work, I load up my car and make the 2 hour drive back "home." Besides the weekend we moved me down here, Matt hasn't spent much time in my sleepy little college town. But this weekend, we changed things up, and Matt made the 2 hour weekend commute to visit me. And since there wasn't a single thing on our agenda, Matt came up with a unique challenge for me. Photography bootcamp! (The name was my doing, not his lol.)
nothing but salt
Chocolate kahlua creme
And we all know how Democrats denounced Obama for his “FIRED UP, READY TO GO!!!” remarks, as we all recognized he was very clearly inciting his followers to violent acts of arson.
5) Kyan informed me over the weekend that his PawPaw Bill (my dad) eats ice cream in Heaven with Michael Jackson*. He also told me that Gigi (my mom) "used to be a zombie when she was eight-years-old" and asked me to ready him a "Dr. Susie" book. Also, he's going to get tattoos when he's 90. Just so ya know.
Those readers whom I succeeded in irritating yesterday will be glad to hear that I am going to be away for a few days and that they will not be exposed to my unpleasant views for a while. It beats me why these types carry on reading my blog if it annoys them as much as all that! Before I go, I must mention that I have been looking through some back issues of the home education magazine produced by Mike Fortune-Wood. One article caught my eye in particular. It was by his wife Jan and was called The Joy of Late Reading. I did not think much of it, but it started me thinking about the frequency with which those who have themselves had reading difficulties might be reluctant to teach their kids to read. Mike Fortune-Wood himself of course had great difficulties in this field and so too did a number of other parents who are keen on not getting their children to read at the same age as everybody else.
The whole humanity owes everything to the light. The beauty of the word, all that is owed to the light. And what else can I say about the light that hasn’t been said before? How else can I pay better attention to the light?
Yup, that’s right… I’m 25 weeks pregnant. It feels like yesterday I was peeing on a stick. In two weeks, I’ll be entering the third trimester. Holy hell, I’m having a baby.
Now don't get me wrong, I love wedding dresses, and I tried on my fair share. But spending the countries average $1700 on a dress you'll wear once... that sounds crazy to me. I did the dodgy, and tried on dresses until I found a style that suited me, then found one on Etsy that I love. I was so happy with it! And then I just found a fabulous tailor, who altered it for me. Bringing the total cost of my dress, to $538. Now I'm tossing up whether to sell it or not... What do you think about selling your wedding dress?
This year Tazawako Beer Restaurant has been welcoming the guests with a special lunch deal: 500 yen pasta or pizza meal!
Proton has been looking for a strategic partner to compete with global automakers such as Toyota Motor Corp. Partnership talks to form a partnership with Volkswagen, Europe’s largest carmaker, ended last year.
This evening I watched Natalie and Katie make brownies with their Daddy in the kitchen. He even let them crack the egg, something I'm always hesitant to do. He helped Katie stir to make sure she mixed it all up good.
Once all this is done and attached you can start you stamping or embellishing. I always attache my small card to the large card at this time. I try to center it corm top to bottom and about 1/2" from the edge.
Quick! What the fastest moving component in your engine? If you’ve taken a hint from the title of this article, you probably guessed correctly – it’s your valve springs, those tight little bundles of joy that open and close your engine’s valves.
Overall, I love the originality of this series, which deals with goblins, the dark man, and angels. It is incredibly interesting and I would love to spend more time investigating the mysteries of Mag Mell. This series is definitely one to follow, but be prepared for a little slow going in this book. If the ending is any indication though, I think we will all eagerly anticipate book three.
24. Boys hum best.
BUT...when play time came, they brought the bigger kids in (our nursery is so big it's divided into two classes) and she really got pushed around. She's very small, and pretty passive. So other kids took her toys, pushed her down, and wouldn't let her play at the bigger toys like the play kitchen sets and stuff. It really, really upset me. I know this is all normal kids stuff that everyone goes through. She seemed fine; she only got upset a few times.
6/27/11
But I love my job and wouldn’t have it any other way. When you do meet the parent/guardian and hear them tell you how their child always looks forward to your visit, draw pictures for you, or just have that huge smile on her/his face…makes you feel good about what you do.
ME sufferers and their families hit back after Sun columnist Rod Liddle described the condition as 'a newly invented illness which makes you a bit peaky'
Declaring the USA the last superpower standing, they saw a golden opportunity for our nation to mold, though unopposed military action, the world to our whim. They also entertained the jalousie that capitalism fosters democracy — open up a country to big business, lay a few pipelines, and peace, freedom & coca cola sales will follow. We know this was their plan, because Cheney & Wolfowitz first put it to paper in February, 1992, in what became known as the Wolfowitz doctrine.
I was furious, and called the hotline and was informed that they don't know how long more to get the issue solved as it seems the water in the dam is running low. Again, wondering those raining days do help in our water supply. Frankly speaking, even staying in Singapore (a country who buys water from Malaysia) I don't have to experience water supply disruption!
I found a camera today that was missing since we moved back in October. Found these pics of me and Angus at our old place. He's such a darling. I love him.
08 - Keep Away
The rhyme and rhythms and gory story of the poem are perfect for children.
My friends call me Fifty, but you can call me Curtis if you feel like it.
The past week has been so busy, and I didn't realize that a week had past without blogging! So, glad to be back into my normal routine. I hope to get some decent pictures taken of all the projects we finished around the house. I can't wait to share!
There were three people who were crucified—the two thieves and Jesus Christ. Jesus was at the center. To His right was Dimas, the thief who said to Jesus, ‘Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom’ (Luke 23:42). To His left was Hestas, the thief who said, ‘If thou be Christ, save thyself and us’ (Luke 23:39).
So, go ahead and push ahead for a playoff system. It really IS a better system of determining a national champion. And it IS a more lucrative system for the schools and everybody else involved (except for the players themselves but that’s a different topic).
There were several other authors I'd hoped to speak to but never found - we'd made contact on Twitter but the Natural History Museum is so huge and there were so many people that it was impossible to track down individuals - especially if you didn't know what they look like! I did manage to talk with my agent, my editor at Gollancz and some of the marketing and PR team too, and said hello to Malcolm Edwards, head of Gollancz. So in a networking sense it was a successful evening.
The List
It must be the fact that I’m about to turn 28- although this is not a comforting fact. I was born with a limited supply of focus- draining it at this pace is really no good.
Yet I still wasn't convinced. I mean how could I ever pair turquoise lamps with our green couch? So as I stood cursing the green couch and pondering what I was thinking when I bought a green couch (in my defense it was long, long ago and long before I was interested in home decor) I remembered having read something about someone loving green couches....Ah yes, it was on Everything LEB...here. She actually loves green couches...and this picture started convincing me that it would be ok to pair someting not beige with our green couch.
I look at it this way....I was deferred from giving blood yesterday because my hemoglobin level was too low. It could indicate a huge number of serious, life threatening medical conditions. Or it could just mean I need to up my iron intake. Should a physician be required to tell you what every symptom or test result could possibly mean? I'd argue not for the simple fact that the average person does not possess the ability to differentiate the conditions on their own, and should not be burdened with worrying about conditions that most likely will never manifest. This is the same reason that hypochondriacs shouldn't google their symptoms.
Combine flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon in a medium bowl.
Over the past few years, several drug manufacturers have refused to sell those drugs to states that intend to use them for executions.
What can I say when I
I'm off to play again with my brayer and some NEW Little Claire Stamps that the Postie delivered this lunch time.
Krea ‘Teja’ – hobbystudio is an online webshop with a history of 18 years in the hobby business and 10 years in the cardmaking business. When you visited one of the larger Trade fairs in the Netherlands, Belgium or Germany you must have ran in to our booth (in Belgium and Germany that’s our purple tent). For the last 5 years we specialized in stamping. We have and had a wide variety of stamp manufacturers in our range of products. Over the years we have tried many techniques of colouring the stamps. We are now offering the complete range of 168 colours of Twinkling H2O’s. A wonderful method of colouring your stamped images. We are always looking for new ideas in the cardmaking business. That’s why we will add a few new companies to our extensive line of products. Just keep visiting our webshop for the coming weeks. You certainly have to take a look at what the Krea ‘Teja’ Team is designing with various products on our team blog. The price are two stamps from Crafty Sentiments Design. The stamps from this new company are exclusively sold in the Netherlands through Krea ‘Teja’ – hobbystudio. Have fun with the challenge !
Anytime - Miller
Avengers #24.1
While there is quite a bit of resistance to it, it does seem true that there is a resurgence of interest in spirituality in the world. Sadly, some of it is quite extreme and off the wall, making it difficult to take it seriously, but it’s there. The prevailing worldview since the time of Voltaire, if John Ralston Saul has it right, has been to take religion and things of the spirit lightly, since they do not easily conform to a mindset totally devoted to reason and rationality.
“Now then,” said the Minotaur, as he settled on his throne. “Let’s see if you’ve learnt anything from this experience.”
7.SEVERIN "People Are Wrong"
Next, run the Matzo under the broiler setting of your toaster oven for about 3 minutes, just until the cheese melts. Remove from toaster, top with chopped fresh herbs, and a drizzle of Extra Virgin Olive Oil. Consume immediately and serve with a nice green salad.
Would you like to live in that area knowing all of this is the known stuff that’s going on there with all the British moslem descendents of Bakri and Hamza using it as s staging post because of how strong the militant wing of the religion is in Luton (Bury Park).
The place to which I am called to live
Work is busy. Next week we have a probationers' in service training so that will be a bit of a break.
I played a little and finally settled on arranging them on my mantle.
While Josie Moore hasn’t exactly made peace with her decision to give up her baby boy, she has learned to accept it. She lives her life as if on hold, impatient for the day her son Austin turns eighteen and she is finally allowed to contact him.
I’ve enjoyed meeting you all, but I’m afraid I can’t stop for dinner. I might have got the Sword of Light back from Nimue, but I’ve still got to find the Lance of Truth, the Crown of Dreams, and the Grail of Stars… and deal with my cousin Mordred, of course. Keep the throne warm for me. See you soon.
Poem: Painful and Memorable...I saw a little girl's corpse
In parenting, we will measure our success by evaluating our children. How soon did they potty train? How soon did he learn his alphabet? What reading level have they attained, and how soon? What talents has my child shown on the playing field or in the auditorium? Did they stay sexually pure and substance free? What was their GPA and their SATs? What profession have they chosen and how many grandchildren have they produced?
But the movie RUINS it soon after by having David Banner, Bruce’s father and now a crazy Unabomber wannabe, talk to Betty alone and try to get her to let him talk to Bruce again, even offering to turn himself in. Now, in any rational universe, the military’s response would be “No, you crazy freak, we’re just arresting you and putting you back in that mental institution for the rest of your life.” However, in THIS MOVIE, the military just goes along with his demands and agrees to them!
Authority Estate, Lugbe for
In the Timothy letters, the emphasis is on the widows. The young ones are encouraged to get remarried so that they will be too occupied with household tasks to fall into gossip and idleness. The old ones are encouraged to mentor the younger ones and can only receive aid if they have, in a sense, proved themselves worthy by a lifestyle of service, submission, and obedience. Concerning corporate worship, women regardless of marital state are encouraged to be modest, submissive, quiet…and fertile? I never have discovered how to interpret 1 Tim 2:15.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to see the problems in this world where people suffered in poverty, through mental breakdowns, abuse and violence and even then I did not question my existence within the believe that those in power and control should take care of it and I as this little, insignificant part of this system should just sit and hope that everything will be fine
I want to try to blog a bit more faithfully while we're away, so hopefully stay tuned for some more updates next week. This week, I'm sure, will be devoted to frantic packing and cleaning before we ship out for three weeks.
“Running through the letters to Kallenbach is the Gandhi-Kasturba story, told with complete openness, sometimes with love, sometimes with wounded pride, and yet at other times in sheer desperation.”
Here is the LINK for you.
19. Plant veggie garden in the spring
As a society, planet and species, we’ve pulled The Tower Card (and as I type this, my word count says 911). What in the world do we intend to do with it? Tower; 9/11; 911; Emergency? Emergence, see? The old, limited paradigms have kept humanity locked in a Tower, ungrounded from the Earth’s pure energies and fearful of falling to sudden doom. But what if The Tower was a prison, rather than an achievement? What if the falling is actually more like flying? What if all the old turns upside down and gets bonked on the head, not to destroy it, but rather to rewire it — and us? We live in a far vaster Universe than the typical human experience allows into awareness. No need to fall. Let’s fly, my friends!
Phillip did that with a man from Ethiopia whose name we don’t even know! But the results were first class! A great outcome! A man connected to Jesus! Plugged into the vine!
that they say flies
First, she mixes two chemicals together: potassium ferricyanide and ferric ammonium citrate.
enemies would defeat him (which they did).
(Farrar Straus Giroux, an imprint of Macmillan)
(least paid offender).
Then I saw Morghen and was so excited. I haven't seen her in almost three years. I've been busy with a family and she's been busy being a wife. I was pumped to see my long-distance friend and spend some face to face time with her. The person with whom she spends her life is just coincidentally someone that used to be a part of mine.
You told Me Lies, So Many Lies
sheesh.
I have already moved all four tortoises inside. In fact, this indoor Winter season they will all be sharing a new, much larger home -- mainly due to their continued growth & expanding shell size -- which should benefit them as far as comfort & room, until it is time for them to go outside again next Spring.
The Arab conquerors, in their coins and inscriptions, don't mention Islam or the Qur'an for the first six decades of their conquests. Mentions of "Muhammad" are non-specific and on at least two occasions are accompanied by a cross. The word can be used not only as a proper name, but also as an honorific.
PART
Today I am sharing a mini book I did using Jillibean Soup's Sweet and Sour Soup. It's tiny but was fun to work with! I really like using the Maya Road chipboard books!
feel like San Fran or New Orleans or San Orleans where possessed characters of both
I managed my money better and thought about what I spent it on. Sometimes using things I already had more imaginatively rather than just purchasing the exact thing for a specific function. I don't need separate A4 pads for WI and personal things when I've got a perfectly good loose leaf A4 for parish magazine notes that could be used for all purposes.
Another out of stock yeast at the LHBS again forced an on the fly substitution. This time I had to use the notoriously slow to finish Wyeast 3724 (DuPont) in place of the well-behaved 3711 French Saison. For the second batch I made sure to buy a package of 3711 in advance AND make a from-the-bottle starter of Dupont yeast (which I've never had trouble with) for a mixed ferment. Now on with the comparison...
Alas, Topps love affair with the Rookie All Star was short lived and no further sets have followed. In fact, in 2010, they briefly changed the trophy (for worse) and started to forget to put it on some of the cards like they did in the old days. 2011 brought back the proper cup, but 2012 seems to have the problem of forgotten cups yet again. I could ramble on and on about these cards, but we both have lives.
When she came back to life she not only had a strange necklace around her neck, but a memory that no one else believed. Haunted by her experiences of death, Pierce and her mom move to a new town looking for a fresh start. But, wherever Pierce goes, a stranger follows.
The Coach knows me well, and therefore knew to give me a pre-race call. One of the things he told me was that he KNEW I was going to get my sub 2:30 (which has kind of been my only time goal for a half marathon). He said because I wasn't stressing the race and have been improving so much lately, he saw me getting that time without much effort. I kept thinking that to myself the entire drive up to Eugene. At 5:45am I snagged my staked out parking spot and managed to not have to really parallel park. Phew! After applying some sunscreen and getting everything in order I was on my way to Hayward Field. The potty lines - non-existent - walked right in! Then I was off to meet up with the infamous Boring Runner (I quickly deemed him NOT boring at all)! He was just so nice and enthusiastic that I immediately felt calm and ready. (Thanks, Adam!) Then it was off to get my photo with my boyfriend -- you know, Pre. In no time at all I found a couple of co-workers (the Coach being one) for a quick group photo before we got into our corrals. *I won't point out that the girl that sang the National Anthem messed up multiple times. Nerves, I'm sure!* Guess who started the race for us! MEB! He and I have been at the same race two times in a row! We are almost BFFs. Okay, let's run!
Really though, how stoned do you have to be to think that would work?
I'm entering this in the Flourish's Timeless Tuesday Challenge this week to incorporate red on your card. You can find the challenge here on their website.
Before he met me, he had gone to listen to a Christian body builder (Bob Birdsong) speak. During Mr. Birdsong's testimony, he spoke about how he prayed for a wife... "...blond, blue-eyed...etc..."
 Manoj Bajpai Bollywood actor (Satya, Aks, Pinjar, etc.)
Cycle of poverty
11. The Resurrection
I climbed back in bed and began to rebuild the walls behind which I would place the fear, the doubts, and the debilitating self pity. Once broken, the walls don't seem as strong as they once were. Or perhaps, the things they hold back are growing in strength.
So take, for example, this leg-o-mutton-sleeved bodice:
Helms discusses tribal connections, Navajo politicians, Council sessions and horseback rides through some of the more desolate parts of the reservation. She writes about the legacy of uranium and what it has done to the Navajo people.
encounters, by taking it to my mind, instead of staying in my heart?
I ‘ve been told that I’m becoming “fanatical” about my running. (O_o)
but you surpass them all.
The payments exclude the cost of several helicopter trips to meetings in Gauteng during his four-and-a-half year tenure and the cost of a chartered flight from London to Paris where he apparently has a home.
Fix me.
Not confident enough in my masculinity to comment on the guys’ outfits.
extend in a limitless fashion
Not five minutes later Her Majesty came in the room, saying "Baby wet! Baby wet!" She must have had a containment breach over night because her jammies were soaked.
(Image credit: CERN / Lucas Taylor, via simulation.)
The last garden on the tour and well worth the wait. This garden felt big and small at the same time. Lots of large trees and old growth really made you realize that you were in the middle of a big, old forest. There were vegetables worked into the borders, and lots of volume to the plantings. Beautiful structures everywhere went well with the large trees, giving some size to the garden which couldn't be achieved with plants alone. This garden had tons of flowers, but they weren't the predominant sight by any means. There were tons of big ferns, beautiful moss, and lots of leaf color and pattern. It was very peaceful here.
This was very much an austerity campaign for us in Morley and our resources were spread alot thinner than last year. Nevertheless we did our very best under the circumstances and I believe our votes were respectable enough.
We had posters of Danny and Ben (Tiffany's brother) who are serving full time mission for the church in California and Argentina. It was fun to see how popular these posters were! Tiffany's mom had the great idea to make the posters and they were a hit!
The Life Path 6 person has a natural fit with Life Paths 3, 6, and 9. They get along well with Life Paths 2, 4, and 8. But they find a challenge (or need to compromise) with Life Paths 1, 5, and 7.
Just as I began my soaping break, Amy with Great Cakes Soapworks went and started a challenge. I'm really excited to participate! I've done all of the challenges aside from working with alcohol which is one thing I've been contemplating recently anyway.
While its been heartbreaking having to give her back, it was more heartbreaking to see my little boy so unhappy. But I'm so happy knowing she is at the breeders with her Mum, she also gets to sleep with another gorgeous lab, gets to play with other dogs, and gets to work on their run.. so Im genuinely glad she is happy and being looked after so well. Thankfully we have been giving the option to visit her, keep in touch and possibly have her back further down the line.. If ever my son comes around to the idea, which so far he still hasn't :(
Work Schedule: 20 hours a week
I hope the news of this boycott by free speech supporters and woman’s rights groups will also be spread to those websites that display ‘Support Denmark’ banners.
The committee called for a full investigation into the matter, which was discovered when proof of payment books for bail were scrutinised during an oversight visit to the Mahikeng police station on Monday, she said.
There is much call for a properly run party and even in its present ineptly run state the BNP got over half a million in the GE. For years polls have showed opposition to mass immigration. There was a poll that showed people agreed with our policies but when they found out which party had the policies would not support it. On the doorstep people tell activists they do not trust the leaders and they will not vote for Nazis. This is because they party was not positioned as the new Nationalist Conservative party, socially and culturally Conservative, but not economically. We should be the successors to the "Nationalist Conservatives" and develop to deal with contemporary issues. There are hard financial times coming because of the MS parties profligacy and we need economic policies to deal with this reality and give our people priority not immigrants.
This is a number 19 card and it breaks down to 1+9 = 10 – this is the number of endings and beginnings all in one. It shows us that something has to be released before a new start can be made.
The manic/bi-polar gnome within me is sad today and I want to curl up and cry.
lots of shabby chic things....
Then Carrie had her friend Maureen spend the night, and around 8:00 the 4 of us decided to walk to Yogurtini because me and Caitlin are suckers for fro-yo in Springfield and Caitlin was impressed with Yogurtini. Then my mom picked us up, and dropped Carrie and Maureen off at home, and took Caitlin and I to the movies with her and the 3 of us saw The Lucky One with Zac Efron. We love him.
Elliot North has always known her place in this world. Four years ago Elliot refused to run away with her childhood sweetheart, the servant Kai, choosing duty to her family’s estate over love. Since then the world has changed: a new class of Post-Reductionists is jumpstarting the wheel of progress, and Elliot’s estate is foundering, forcing her to rent land to the mysterious Cloud Fleet, a group of shipbuilders that includes renowned explorer Captain Malakai Wentforth—an almost unrecognizable Kai. And while Elliot wonders if this could be their second chance, Kai seems determined to show Elliot exactly what she gave up when she let him go.
Net profits at his ArcelorMittal, world’s largest steelmaker, were up 18-fold to $2.9 billion in 2010 due to recovery in steel demand and higher margins. Group spun off its stainless steel unit into Aperam, a new listed company, and also acquired Canadian miner Baffinland Iron Mines. Funding a 377-foot sculpture called ArcelorMittal Orbit in London’s Olympic Park for the 2012 Olympics. Europe’s richest resident who lives in London, he bought Alderbrook Park, a 340-acre country estate outside of the city, where he plans to build an eco-friendly country mansion for a reported $40 million. Daughter Vanisha acquired stake in Roc Capital Management, a New York hedge fund. Daughter-in-law Megha owns German fashion house Escada.
We have to come up with a better turn of phrase, us photographer types.
“Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)” by Darlene Love (from A Christmas Gift for You From Phil Spector, 1963)
KyoAni basically decided to torture us for a week. I mean, I really want to know what Chitanda has to confess. I’m curious!
2 Japanese eggplants (the long, thin kind)
The glaze recipe was given to me by a potter who died a couple of years back. It may take quite a while to reinvent it. It was such an electric colour, so bright, verdigris, lapis-lazuli, such a beauty.
He sees what’s deep inside of me,
150 g Rice Krispies
In a village called Khewa, near present day Jhang, a woman named Noorañ gave birth to a boy. Noorañ died when the child was still in infancy. Therefore, the boy was wet-nursed by another woman who had a suckling daughter. Thus, according to the traditions of the time, the boy and the girl became siblings. The boy grew up to become the chief of his village and also of the Sayyal tribe, which inhabited the area. He came to be known as Khewa Khan. His “sister” grew up to become Fateh Bibi and was married to a man named Wañjal (or Bañjal), of the Kharral tribe, who lived in village Danababad, which, today, is in Tehsil Jarrañwala, district Faisalabad.
2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded, and cut into 1-inch strips
In 2010, the EPO granted 58,100 patents, 11% more than in 2009 (52,400).
To "top it off", I added a large pearl brad to the centre of the lid.
1/4 cup potato flour OR 1/2 cup potato buds or flakes
The Louisiana SPCA hopes that the bead dogs will help remind the community of the homeless pet population.
You know this ogre.
Woods reiterated: “I hit some of the worst golf swings I’ve ever hit today, and that’s all right,” said the world number seven, who won the last of his 14 majors in 2008.
Being pro-life also means accepting the state in life God has given you. If you are a mother to many young children, then you embrace that and live it to the fullest. If you are childless, or have fewer children than you'd like, you can be a pro-life witness by embracing the cross of childlessness you've been given. Maybe God is calling you to be a parent through adoption. Maybe He's calling you to help at a homeless shelter, crisis pregnancy office, or nursing home.
okay...click the picture...!!!
The little girl began to get a little frustrated with the whole idea, but a few days later decided to call her great-grandmother anyway. “Nana, mom was preparing lunch the other day and she cut the ends off of the ham before she cooked it. I asked her why and she said she thought it was because the juices would absorb better, making it tenderer. She told me to ask Grandma to make sure since she learned it from her. Well, I called Grandma and she said the same thing about the juices and all, but that she learned it from you and I should ask you. “So Nana, why do you cut the ends off of a ham before you cook it?” There was a long pause in the conversation and then the little girl heard what sounded like muffled laughter coming from the other end of the line. “What’s so funny, Nana?” “Oh, sweetie, I always cut the ends off of a ham before I cooked it because my pan was too small.”
Anyhow, I rolled that dough out, popped it in the oven and hoped for the best. Well wouldn't you know it, it was the best. Turned out every bit as yummy as it's fresh twin.
Dancing Queen by ABBA
We first kissed under the laden waft of Chernobyl
Middle grade novels are not just for tweens! If you don't believe me then read or listen to Breadcrumbs! I adore Hazel! Hazel is a fifth grader whose parents recently split and has to deal with many changes including a new school. Hazel is unpopular and gets picked on, but what makes things easier is her best friend Jack. He has been there for the hardest points in her life.
first military governor of the
Fortunately, though, commerce and profit ruled the day, and the British reminded themselves that sending armies to the US would be expensive. The greatest urgency (for both sides) was to sign a peace treaty and resume trade.
* Princeton University - New Jersy (USA)
Read on if you like for a bit more about me currently, and about Koshenya Says representation in Broa!
that intellect has long forgotten.
Guinsoo: Exactly. For legitimacy, we need to give the appearance of abiding by the rules.
A footnote in the ruling says “it does not appear” that Apple and Samsung discussed design patents during their negotiations that preceded the lawsuit.
For the study, UCLA and VA researchers injected the compound, called astressin-B, into the bald mice to observe how it affected gastrointestinal tract function. The initial injection had no effect, so the mice were given one injection each day for five days.
a) any age
