Despite what some people may think, I am an introvert. I am a friendly introvert, but an introvert nonetheless. My mind is always going . . . I often find myself consumed in my own thoughts. My weight only amplified and intensified the introvert in me. I would sit back and wait for people to approach me. It is funny how a person who takes up the most space in a room just wants to be invisible. Maybe I should rephrase that. It is funny how a person who takes up the
6. Kimiad
Place tomato slices on top of one slice of bread. Season with sea salt and black pepper.
If y'all are looking for a great read, I highly recommend The Violets of March. I absolutely loved it, and I feel sure everyone who picks it up will fall in love with it. Check out the book's trailer below.
I am finally reading "I Remember Nothing[...] and Other Reflections" by Nora Ephron, and I'm as enamored of her as she was of the gal that she writes of in chapter "Pentimento." That is my favorite chapter, btw. Quite a delight to read. Man, she was smitten. I'll just write the closing paragraph here.
We define social media engagement as interacting with a community that is:
Goodnight! See you soon!
Chocolate cake with hot chocolat ♥
I gasped aloud when I heard this, driving home from work.
We took off. I held my children’s hands. They both quickly wriggled their hands free – my son, so he could lean closer to the window to get a better view, my daughter to pick at her Dora bandaid on her knee.
There were those writers who were accused of inkshed, a term used in the same vein as the word bloodshed, except in reference to the spilling of unnecessary ink. (Did you get it? Vein=bloodshed?) In other words, when a writer was too verbose, when a piece of writing was overworked and over-the-top intellectual, it was considered to be a waste of ink. Those guilty of inkshed, by the way, were commonly referred to as Inksters by their peers; writers with inferior abilities.
Spent most part of the ride with the bike parked and glaring at the view, then headed to Nariman point to see kids skate and then back. Went to Moshe’s for brunch where the discussion centered around how good The Avengers movie is & the brilliance of the plot, characters, script, dialogue, etc. Got back, decided to watch Mark Whalberg’s Contraband which was a decently exciting movie, passed out for a bit, then woke up to some exciting Grey Goose Popsicles which were made by Yooti (sister in law) & the Moto GP Portual leg.
Bolton ended well beaten, equalising Luka Modric’s first-half goal through Nigel Reo-Coker before being undone by three Spurs goals in 10 minutes from the hour mark, Emmanuel Adebayor scoring twice after Rafael van der Vaart had found the net. Bolton remain third from bottom, Tottenham in fourth place.
Great topic! With the recent lovely weather, I've been asking opinions on, searching for and trying different spots for terraces. I spent about 5 or 6 straight hours at a terrace on Montmartre last Sunday. In fact, it became a bit of a game with my friend and me. We were determined to “win” by staying longer on the terrace than any other customers. When we were finally kicked out at closing – but we were the last to leave. Winners! (wow….that sounds a little sad when I type it out!)
The 23-year-old’s live performance was widely slammed by viewers on Twitter, who ridiculed her singing ability and also her outfit choice.
It hasn’t increased the power of all scholars equally — rather it has benefited a select handful as banks compete to appoint the most famous and established shariah scholars to their boards to increase their Islamic credibility and reduce the chances that their boards’ verdicts will be challenged. As a result, the top ten scholars in the world make up 40 per cent of all board memberships, sharing 450 board positions between them, according to research by Funds@Work.
33. Unhappy Rabbits
Keep showers short and luke-warm. Hot water dries skin out and the longer you remain under the spray, the drier you get. Keep it on the cool side to avoid dry skin.
That really should have been it, but I have been reminded that we somehow found ourselves in the Ropewalks Beer Emporium drinking Jever. Apparently it is an ancient Liverpudlian law that if you see it on draught, you must drink it. And then somehow, with the blessing of the gods, we managed to get a train out of Dodge.
1 strip vegetarian "bacon" cooked according to package (optional)
Not directly, but whenever you react to situations in a negative way even though you may not show it externally to others you put pressure on your heart and this always blocks and closes your heart.
10.She Swings, She Sways "What I Wouldn't Do" from Wasted Love Songs
Smoke on the water (Deep Purple)
WEEKDAY PACKAGES - Monday to Friday only (w/ STANDARD tarpaulin backdrop)
To be honest, I'm pretty sure Jesus would be pissed.
246Clouds interpose, waves roar, and winds arise.
He heard a roar off in the distance, but instead of setting out to foolishly investigate what it was, he turned around and left the forest, planning on spending the afternoon in the local halfling village.
Now on the second anniversary of her death, whilst I recognise it’s a mantra I’ve maintained most of my life, I have to confess; over the last year or so there have been times when I’ve been lost as I floated in limbo, endlessly waiting for the surgery that’s going to miraculously improve my physical and mental well-being.
1 deals
Actually, since Easter has already passed, I should say "There went Peter Cottontail..." In my defense, it is baseball season. I usually play on my computer while I watch the games, but the BoSox roster has undergone a lot of changes, so I need to watch carefully to study the new players to see if they gain my approval, ha ha.
So you come, you return, you gain not only understanding, wisdom, knowledge—what you can think of as spiritual regeneration—and then, in concert with many, including your guides and guardian angels and, many times, whoever you are going to be working with—for example, myself or Archangel Raphael—and then you emerge again. But let us suggest to you that on this journey of what you are thinking of as linear, that you have emerged bigger, brighter, clearer, more connected. And that is why you spend your life, very often, in the knowing of certain things, of certain truths. That is why you teach, communicate, heal others, because you have this knowing already within your sphere.
I’m not going to rave about it.
From then on, the litterbox took a hike. He was put out, sure, but more and more he is getting comfortable with what is outside. I’d love to know how different it is for him, if the smells and sights and birds and sounds are something totally new or just birds and smells. Day in the life of an international pussy.
Portable Windows
"Huh?" Savannah looked up at me, confused.
This looked likely.
⁃ Total price: $10.50
When author Michael J. Sullivan self-published the first books of his Riyria Revelations, they rapidly became ebook bestsellers. Now, Orbit is pleased to present the complete series for the first time in bookstores everywhere.
I didn't come to this performance expecting much, but after yesterday's Rinaldo disappointment, I was once again bowled by the quality of this evening at Glyndebourne: the attention to detail in the production, the singing, the comedy - Glyndebourne have made something really special here.
It was then that Stuart got a phone call, so I was left to do numbers on paper and freak out all by myself. I had just been reading about stress and fertility and how really you've got to calm the heck down, so in an effort to save my sanity, I went upstairs and took a bubble bath with the lights off. It was then I realized...
Her voice was sweeter than a nightingale.
On our way to Samaipata, this eight-year old girl waved us down for a ride. She was coming home from school and only needed us to take her a few miles which we did happily. Can you imagine your daughter riding with just anyone she happens to flag down?
The next morning, the Artilect emerges. It assumes the form of a cow. It joins the Terrans in the fields, mooing contentedly with them.
The movie companies had argued that iiNet had the power to prevent its customers from infringing copyright by issuing warnings and suspending or terminating customer accounts. The Australian Federation Against Copyright Theft (AFACT) appealed to the High Court after losing its first appeal to the federal court last year.
You shall fear the LORD your God and serve Him, and shall take oaths in His name.
There is only one real skill I think I got out of that hell hole. Not including my found ability to play Area 51 while duel wielding both guns, that would by my general expertise in carnival and side show games. I might not have any skill on a console shooter, but give me five bucks and a crooked shot pop gun and I guarantee you I can get the biggest prize they have. I learned all the tricks to how they rig almost any game and while I was on breaks (or happened to be working the booths themselves) I spent time just working out how to beat the system. One booth they seemed to like to put me was this game where you would have to get a ping pong ball into a small (Pam sprayed) glass bowl.
would declare aloud, to her child's face, that he isn't going to get to do something because frankly she has better things to do with her life than drive him around. I don't think there's anything remotely, let alone perfectly, acceptable about saying that sort of thing to a child, who in any case is naturally going to think, "Who said we were talking about you? The subject of this conversation is me and trombone camp."
Our family has been on trips all over the country both flying and driving but I haven't been on a road trip (except for that 28 hour trip to take and then pick Brenna up from Not Back to School Camp a few years ago) by myself since Brenna was born and that is almost 22 years!
All of these pictures were taken on preschool days ... so Jackson didn't make it into any of them : )
Brittany: Women should have the ability to rent their attire for the night and still look gorgeous with luxury items, but still stay within their budget. Celebrities borrow gowns and baubles - I don't see why we can't do the same!
Water count: 90 oz
Why do we spend hours on our day off dressing up as a fictional characters?
But you can still fly away.
BIMBY: Mama news time!
Firstly, I used 300g of digestives rather than the 250g as I prefer cheesecake base to be a little more crumbly. I also used slightly less chocolate, so I could make a chocolate ganache (melt chocolate, add double cream, whip together = yum!) to serve on the side. It may not be a huge amount of change, but I think that’s what makes simple, basic recipes so fun – you can make your own individual changes to it. I think this recipe would hold up to using cointreau and grated chocolate orange, instead of Baileys, or maybe even an amaretto flavour. You could even add chopped nuts to the base if you prefer. Next time I make this I may go for using some Mozart Chocolate Liquer with melted chocolate and chopped hazelnuts to decorate.
Heat to boiling to melt the sugar, then reduce heat and simmer for about 10-15 minutes, stirring occasionally. The syrup will reduce a bit, but it will still be a bit thin. Remove it from the heat, remove the orange peels, cinnamon sticks, and whole cloves if you used those rather than ground cloves; stir in the honey and vanilla until combined. Set aside to let it cool.
A person who is physically fit has the stamina necessary to go out and further the work for God’s kingdom. Mr. Thomas maintains that you’ll have increased sensitivity to God’s voice, renewed energy for God’s work, a greater joy for living, and a fortified soul better able and more willing to serve and love others.
I planned on using Puddlegear for the fall rainy season, but actually really fell head over heels in love when winter rolled around and snow blanketed the ground. I was able to bundle Beckett up in warm clothes and then layer her Puddlegear over top. The Puddlegear mittens went over her knit ones and the elastic straps held them over her coat sleeves. After endless hours throwing snowballs, jumping and leaping through drifts and just enjoying the cold white fluff – Beckett kept ticking. She wasn’t cold.
“Christopher Graham said on Friday the News International subsidiary had told him that, contrary to the earlier claims of a senior executive, it had not transferred archived emails to India and none had been lost.
Bones, and a great deal of blood.
Then you go for a walk, using your GPS enabled device (I use my mobile phone) to home in on the co-ordinates you've picked out.
For many in the raw food community (and vegan/vegetarian), they’ve had to have the courage or the confidence to deal with those who think they’re being weird (beyond health reasons). The questions, the looks, the “tsk tsks” or whatever. Why is that anyway? It goes for both sides, though. I think everyone should be understanding and respectful of each other’s choices and if
It was only my second year calving cows.
Bake in the upper portion of your oven for about 20 to 25 minutes- until they are tender and sizzling and crispy brown at the edges. (Your oven times may vary from mine.)
Make a list or a vision board of what you and your life will look like when you lose the weight. Will you go on vacation? Don’t wait until you lose all the weight, take a winter vacation to comfort yourself. Thinking you’ll buy a new car? Why wait? Buy the car now. Many of us use food as a comfort or to replace something we think is missing in our lives. If these things weren’t missing, we might not turn to food as often.
“As to the presidency, I’m asked sometimes is Mitt Romney conservative enough? And my answer is simple – compared to Barack Obama? You know, this is not a choice between Mitt Romney and Ronald Reagan. This is a choice between Mitt Romney and the most radical leftist president in American history.”
Gulen, who has been labeled “the most dangerous Islamist in the world,” has amassed a fortune in excess of $25 billion for use in the restoration of the Ottoman Empire and the established of a New Islamic World Order.
Much like France, the Holy Roman Empire's feudal society features a caste of knights, who own a chainmail tunic, a kite-shaped shield, a conical or rounded helmet with a nose-guard (this would later evolve into the head-covering Great Helms with which Teutonic knights are most widely associated with), and appropriate weapons. Most Teutonic adventurers are not knights, as these men are minor nobles in their own right and have responsibilities to uphold on their lord's land. Teutonic adventurers from less affluent backgrounds tend to own whatever weapons and armor they can find, scavenge or improvise. Axes and spears remain common and popular weapons, and many adventurers born in Bavaria or Swabia are little distinguishable from those born in Denmark or Norway.
Ones that do make me put them down, assuming I picked them up in the first place. Excessive unreasonable violence, MCs doing things I cannot root for and antagonists who are just as bad (stories from the villain's view where I can root for the antagonist aka hero are different), excessive swearing, a sequence of events I cannot find at all plausible in the context of the world setting, a total snooze fest, or very confusing.
This is the first saying I used on my new Chalkboard sign.
3 Set An Example
Eddie: Shhiiiiiiieeeeeett. You wish! You wish you could enter the dungeon!
When we got back, I was hungry and had lunch in an Italian restaurant (of which Copenhagen appears to have an abundance). I then walked over to the Museum of the Danish Resistance (during WWII), which turned out to be quite an affecting museum. It covered the whole period from the German invasion in April 1940 to the liberation in May 1945, including the rescue of the Danish Jews from Nazi deportation. The story is really quite amazing. Almost all were ferried to Sweden by the Danish resistance; only about 450 were captured and sent to Terezin, and of those, about 400 survived.
(ME TOO!)
“Have you …” “Yes, or course, you always tell me to do that. I’ve done it!” He proceeds to check the magical computer things that he knows to check and that he always shows me but never works for me. Reboot again. Open Quicken, open scheduled transactions, Quicken crashes. In all, we must have gone through the same scenario a dozen times but now we are including his magical checks of the system and processes and such but nothing is working. We are now also including looking up for old backups and there are about a million and a half backups on my computer and I haven’t a clue what any of them are or if they are any good now or not. In a massive fit of pique, I delete all backups that don’t have a year end date of them and start labeling with something that makes sense to me, not Quicken! I do manage to open a fairly recent backup and print out my scheduled transaction list so that I have it in case I need to re-enter it.
I have this weird tick if you will. Whenever I am mad at someone or upset or even sad I will start to smile.
In other news, we have definitely started to look at life after the wedding. We are apartment hunting, and found a place that we love in Portland. Right now, the plan is that we will be moving out over Labor Day weekend, settle in during the week before the wedding, and then have a place of our own to return to after our honeymoon. In terms of long term housing plans, after the wedding we are going to focus on getting out of debt and saving up for a down payment. We want to be home owners in the next five years. Tom and I are also starting to plan our family. More on that after the wedding.
Pros: The bamboo blinds are relatively inexpensive at Home Depot or Lowe's, under $20 for the sizes we needed. The polished rocks were under a $1, and the sticks were from our backyard. The candles were purchased at Wal-Mart. The bamboo basket was found at Dollar Tree, and the bamboo vase was found at Good Will. We already had the plant, just moved it to the bathroom. We had a lot of positive feed back from those looking at our house about the updated spa-like bathrooms.
DNA testing in 2007 showed the West Memphis Three’s innocence, but they still sat in jail for four more years before finally being released, and even then they weren’t completely cleared officially and were forced to give up any rights to seek financial compensation for the 17 years they wrongfully spent in prison. By the way, the supposed leader of the group, Damien Echols, spent that time on death row.
Just when I was ready to guide winter to the door, thank it for its company and bid it farewell till next year, we received a snowfall different from any other and enchanting in the world it offered us Saturday morning. The relative warmth kept the snow heavy and just damp enough to cling to everything at the angle from which it fell or blew, so the world at dawn appeared to be flocked with opals, and magical. I wandered for some time and out of time with my camera, grateful for the opportunity to be reintroduced to winter’s surprises and depths. Reawakened.
Strange, then, that a similar replacement can't be found at that price.
A MESSAGE FROM DR ERASMUS STRANGELOVE
13 years ago, in 1998 and three years before the ‘invasion’ of Afghanistan, eight British Muslims from Birmingham, London and, yes, you guessed it, Luton (this is of course relevant to the quote which opens this article from the Chairman of the Luton Islamic Centre), were arrested and were eventually convicted in the Yemeni capital Aden. They were arrested for plotting terrorist attacks against British targets in Yemen and of abducting a group of tourists. These British Muslim terrorists were actually recruited in the mosques of Birmingham, London and Luton. They were even trained in ‘terrorist camps’ which were sponsored by Osama bin Laden.
But the other criminal rebuked him. ‘Don’t you fear God,’ he said, ‘since you are under the same sentence? We are punished justly, for we are getting what our deeds deserve. But this Man has done nothing wrong.’
I’m not sure if you know many Catholics, but I can tell you for sure, we’re not the monolithic, homogenized, “jump to the Pope’s every proclamation” pack of lemmings that you may think. I, for one, believe that the church’s stance on birth control is socially irresponsible, morally insupportable, and just plain nuts. But I also think the church’s position on poverty, social responsibility, gun control, the death penalty, immigration, health care, equality, civil rights, justice, peace, and charity is truly inspired.
Best Actress RUTH WILSON for Anna Christie at the Donmar Warehouse
筍の木の芽の和え(read as takenoko no kinome no ae), simmered bamboo shoot coated with miso-prickly ash (木の芽) dressing. It is spring, there is abundant fresh bamboo shoots and I noticed that it appears in many restaurants' spring menu. My first encounter with this dish was at a private function, one of the dishes in a beautifully presented traditional lunch-box meal. It was a set lunch packed in a huge black rectangle box.
A new friend of mine was talking when I first met her, two weeks ago, of moving to (Spanish-speaking) Mexico. This week I bumped into her again. The organisation's plans have changed. Now they're off to (French speaking) Mali. In six weeks. Different continent from where they'd envisaged till so recently. Different school system. Need to sell and declutter a completely different set of articles from the Mexico scenario. And they've got two school age kids, and her husband is travelling for the next week of the rapidly elapsing time left in Nairobi.
BM: Oh yeah, and three bottles of vodka a day.
Key Players: Drew Gordon (13.4 ppg, 10.9 rpg), Kendall Williams (12 ppg, 4.1 apg), Tony Snell (11 ppg)
I got this workout from @beautifulbosom's Instagram
The Nike Air Flight One is one of the first model worn by Penny Hardaway before getting introduced to his signature line. Penny wasn’t the only Hall of Famer to be wearing the Black & White Air Flight Ones. His Airness himself was sporting these Air Flight Ones during the second round of the 1995 NBA playoffs. Due to the strict uniform rules of the NBA at the time, Jordan was forced to trade in his Concords for an all black shoe. Michael Jordan had no choice but to borrow a pair of Air Flight Ones from Penny himself and went to the extent of chopping off the ’1′ on the heel-tab. This October, the re-release of the Air Flight Ones gives you the chance to own a piece of history and to relive that moment.
At the time I didn’t think to use the scale to mark my % of body fat but on my next weekly weigh in I plan to start tracking that as well.
DEAR BARRY: I live in a split-level house, and the upper area will not stay cool no matter how long I run the air conditioner. On hot days, the unit runs almost all day long. What can I do to fix this problem? –Paul
His snout is still snotty but it's not draining as much... could be the spring pollen count in Memphis is plugging him up... dunno.
The fun and almost the addiction of growing fruit is the lure of “next year”. During a bad year one anticipates next year – with a better irrigation pump, a different variety, a new planting, etc. Even in a good year there is always something that was imperfect. This then draws the mind to the change that will make next year even better. Of course, that “next year” always brings some new challenge of its own. But, if I am doing my job, I shouldn’t experience the same issues each year.
Ideally we need to be looking at 30 seconds per scene, or less:
To complain about mass immigration is to be called racist in one’s own country and to see events changing our world and being able to do nothing about it is an obscenity. It is both degrading and disgusting yet we still allow speed breeders to demand access to housing and government support when less than the smallest percentile have any plans to do something to help our economy. They would rather just breed themselves into a situation where they don’t have to work. For a race that has a supposed IQ of around 70 they have worked out very well just how to get the best out of life at our expense.
Hours: 5h50min
Martyn LeNoble - bass, cello
4. Don’t drink and speak… Trust me you don’t sound smart. Contrary to what your brain is telling you.
Further explanation is probably required.
Back to my friend
I am still learning, but I think I am to the point where I can make a consistent extract brew. When I am confident I have it down pat, I will be ready to move on to the challenges of all-grain brewing.
They have been together for over 30 years but Crusader Hillis asks why you would bother to get married when you have the respect of your family, your friends, your neighbours and your work colleagues.
looking at a diagram of what i’m eighty percent sure
Training for an aviation qualification includes learning how to open and close an aircraft's doors and how to approach an aircraft when there is a crisis.
Translation to Washington-speak: "The analysis is seriously flawed and does not take into consideration many important factors."
4. List the bloggers you gave the award to with links back to their sites.
Hey everyone! Sorry about the unannounced absence from my blog last week - we had Christmas with different family members from Wednesday until Monday. It was a busy week! I hope everyone had a wonderful time with family and friends. Our first Christmas with Jack was wonderful (he wasn't so into the gifts and food, but he was definitely fun to snuggle). Emma was adorable opening everything in sight (whether it was for her or not....) and Bran and I had a great time just getting to hang out.
(WTF is with customer service nowadays? It took me another 10 minutes to ask someone where the necklace chain extenders were. Ending up finding out that they were all out and had to buy a cheapo necklace for the extender. Didn’t realize it was a Twilight-Werewolf charm necklace until I got to the checkout. SCORE!)
“I think we should move now. People are gathering. I heard it is more than ten thousand people now in Dataran!” he said.
So, now that I write that all out, I can say I look pretty crazy. Good thing one of my other projects is to work on including the kids in more housework. I apparently just scheduled my 24 hours and didn't leave room for much else! If you see me dinking around Facebook, ask me how I'm doing and if I have time to be there. The answer will probably be No. At least I have guaranteed no boredom for another year. :-)
Straight into
Trehan Daciano, known as the Prince of Shadows, has spent his life serving his people, striking in the night, quietly executing any threat to their realm. The coldly disciplined swordsman has never desired anything for himself—until he beholds Bettina, the sheltered ward of two of the Lore’s most fearsome villains.
Pinsky said he didn’t know the methodology, but the IRS had given its blessing.
I can’t believe I had to pull summer clothes out over the past few days. I heard someone refer to the current weather as Wimmer. I like that! ;o)
“Fine!!!”
I used a large background stamp and three different colors to take away the stark white of the card. The extra sentiments were stamped directly on the card, and the gifts were stamped and heat embossed. I colored the chic chick with Copics and embellished her with glitter pens. Here are some close-ups so you can see the details.
Hip-hop Hooray. . . .it's CHALLENGE day! Are you as excited as we are? We had another great time last week and enjoyed all the wonderful entries we had for the Easter Parade, Bunnies & Bonnets challenge. So many fabulous entries. We'd like to thank each and every one of you for taking the time to participate and creating such lovely eye candy for us.
Studio City, CA 91614-0599
And where is the father? Or who is his father?
It's official. Today is the release of Marney K. Makridakis new book Creating Time - Using Creativity to Reinvent the Clock and Reclaim Your Life. If you've ever said "I don't have enough time," this book is for you. If you've ever thought "I wish I had more time for my art," this book is for you.
Isn't it is easy to make? You should try it out!
I do plan to go back and read Socialpunk when I have time (because it has potential) - and I also plan to take some of the lessons that I learned from Monica's book selling strategy to help grow my readership (and, by extension everyone's readership)!
Husband: “Thank god…Okay we’re ready to order”
the gentle cradling,
Now and again I like to join in with Jacqui at The Barefoot Crofter - for 'Seven Days' for a look at the week just gone by. This week for us started with a trip to the beach for the wee puppy Haggis (9wks old, 2kg weight!), Peedie is now a giant dog, or seems like a giant. The first trip to the beach was successful, Haggis (the horrid) waded upto his chest in the sea - clearly not afraid! That deserved his name on the beach............
(I Corinthians 15:45). After securing that power and authority, He freely gave it over into the hands of those who would believe on Him—you and me.
please remember that most of the pictures posted here are submitted by viewers ....
What else can I say. I have felt all day that my life is a little less bright because a light has gone out. Then I remembered my thoughts on Heaven, from this morning, and I realized that no, the light is just raised a little bit higher. She's still a beacon for me to follow, just as she's always been.
~ yes, I was the one who always broke chain letters when they used to arrive in the mail, and I do so with the emailed ones.
that I wasn't suffering from any sort of seizure or anything.
Hindering movement
We also decided that from here on out, we're playing by the "Every-other-year" rule. All this time we felt like we had to rush around like beheaded chickens and make it to all the sides of the family because our families live fairly close to one another. But it's gotten to the point that we no longer enjoy the holidays because we're so stressed about making it to a certain place on time and the boys are cranky because their routine is all outta whack and just when they get to playing with one set of cousins we have to rip them away to go see others.
James says that no man can tame the tongue. That is actually good news, because it is not you who will tame your own tongue but it is the fire of God, the anointing of the Holy Spirit that will help you to change the way you speak and to start using your tongue to proclaim life and power. Get the fire of God in your life and it will transform every area of your life.
(~I do not like the cone of shame.~Up)
Comfort: 9.5 / 10 Very comfortable. Felt even more comfortable that the Brown Princess Mimi.
RODRIGUEZ: Is that a concern for you?
As Kelly says above, it's not just the US suffering from the problem!! The USA may be "almost in the toilet", but in Britain we've gone round the U-bend and someone's about to press flush!!
It is a welcoming, warming and rather nice place, full of hidden nooks, bay windowed corners and walls strewn with various beer ephemera, memorabilia and bric a brac from ale times gone by. It's avery homely and pleasant environment to waste away a drizzly Cumbrian late afternoon and evening.
Heat a big pan and pour the gingelly oil.
I'm still working on this one, too, but removing the dresser and adding the tubs and shoe cubbies made a HUGE difference! I found shoes under that dresser that had been "missing" for over a year. :/
Check-in was slow to start, in fact it didn’t really get going for 30 minutes and we were then departure time minus 90 minutes. When the Supervisor turned up for the fifth time to instruct his check-in crew of two again, you just knew something was amiss. The next clue was when the desks opened, only the non ‘easy boarding’ line was up and running. Smart move easyJet, make your passengers pay for a service then ensure your handler’s crew ignore the fact that some have paid for a premium service (take note in Luton, your handler in VIE is ISS).
Being a rare talking gorilla, I could virtually set my own terms in my performing career. Yet when negotiating my salary with Mr McDougall, the proprietor of the circus, I insisted on a salary of no more than five times that of the next highest paid artiste.
Since our lease is almost up and we now own a condo, we move out of our rental home in Salt Lake City to the condo in Bountiful (25 minutes away), while waiting to begin & finish major remodel on Sycamore House.
"I'm afraid to ask."
I used the April kit from My Scrapbook Nook which contained all Crate Paper products from their Storyteller collection. I backed the photo with some corrugated cardboard & book paper & added a few rub-ons to the paper strips at the top of the page. Everything else is from the kit! It's amazing how much I can create each month using solely their kits!
Had to share these giggles, they are pretty much my favourite sound ever. Also, I think it could be time for a haircut... For me, that is, not Henry. The dude gets to keep all his hair until he's a year old - it's an Italian tradition!
like reaching through water
(Sony Classics) Shlomo Bar Aba, Lior Ashkenazi, Alisa Rosen, Alma Zak. A respected Talmudic scholar whose father is bitter at being cast in his son’s shadow and for having his own research passed over for years finally wins the Israel Award, one of the highest honors in the Israeli academic world. However the son discovers that the award was meant for him and not for his father but can’t bring himself to correct the mistake. So he plays along, discovering things about both his father and himself he’d never have guessed at.
On the day of the announcement, I wandered down to the Hotel de Ville where a giant screen was showing a live feed from the event. Hundreds of people were there, all in a party mood and ready to celebrate, but they were seemingly unaware of the length of these ceremonies. The first cities were eliminated quickly enough - New York, Madrid and Moscow - leaving just left the two eternal rivals – Paris and London. It was then announced that there would be a delay of over an hour before the final result would be known.
"It was a high-profile event and members of the public would have been in the city on a Saturday.
This card too has a white core and when you sand the edges, you can see it and give a beautiful subtle border. Love it. I have used CAS-ual Friday sketch from last week to make this card.
Virginia City is available on DVD from Warners in R1 in their set of Flynn westerns. The transfer is excellent and Sol Polito’s black & white photography positively glows. There’s the usual array of extra features, including a commentary track by Frank Thompson that provides plenty of detail on the film’s production. Warners have also released a set of Flynn’s westerns in the UK, but omitted this title. I’m not sure why this happened but I have to wonder if it may not have something to do with some of the horsefalls; there’s one particularly brutal shot that would surely cause a problem with the BBFC. I would rate this film at just a notch below Dodge City, but it’s still pretty good. The plot is strong and Flynn and Scott’s characters have enough depth to keep you watching, but the miscasting of Hopkins and Bogart does damage the picture. Coming next, Santa Fe Trail.
TM 17 - Submission
“I think being positive is so important. To me, it is a life skill. You’ve got to find ways to be positive and be good to yourself and treat yourself and take care of yourself. Put on lipstick in the morning and get out there. Don’t sit in your house and wallow. There’s nothing positive about that.” http://optimaloptimist.blogspot.com/Half Full Friday is a series of weekly posts that Eye Girl originally started in June 2009.We believe that a lot of our happiness is determined by our attitude about the things that happen to us. So by participating, we are deciding to see the glass as half full, instead of half empty. We are choosing to concentrate on the positives, instead of dwelling on the negatives. Our Half Full Friday posts are a way to do just that. They are a list of the things in our life that have brought us happiness over the past week. We are determined to find the something good in every day. Are you?
Here is my handsome little 4th grader.....
So although this started out as a diet of sorts, it has become a true life style change which I will cling dearly to for the rest of my life.
As SOPA and PIPA were halted in their tracks in January by a ground swell of public opposition, CISPA had already sailed through the House Intelligence Committee the previous month with a vote of 17-1.
None of us controls our own life, problems or surroundings but there is comfort in knowing that Jesus Christ will always be with us. It is good to have an intimate relationship with Jesus since He knows us better than anyone else. He knows everything about us including our thoughts and feelings. We are very important to Him. Trust and believe that Jesus Christ is a wonderful friend and He loves you.
Too often, we spend an inordinate amount of time trying to change others, when in reality we can change only ourselves. The Mishna in Avot says, “Who is mighty? One conquers his evil inclination.” Western society considers one who prevails over others to be mighty, but our Rabbis emphasize that it is really one who prevails over himself.
Okay, so it's been kind of a long week already. Whenever I'm feeling exhausted or like I'm about to start pulling my hair out in frustration, I do what any normal person does when they need to relax: I indulge in a few (okay, tons) of Dove chocolate. Not only that, but I do it while watching The Biggest Loser, but I guess that's a topic for another day.
Fancy Sauce sounds like one heck of a party. It features confetti cannons, cryo guns, light and visual effects to go along with “fresh Electro and a heaping spoonful of fancy dance,” giving it an even more heavy party atmosphere than many other nights.
“Market economists have been talking about reforms for many years and Premier Wen will push ahead for it this year,” said Jian Chang, a China economist with Barclays Capital in Hong Kong. “The progress will be steady and gradual, and starts with trials… It cannot happen overnight.” — Reuter
Mr. C. BATHURST Is the right hon. Gentleman aware that under this new Old Age Pensions Act a male pensioner, although he may have a large family, upon the death of his wife, loses not merely his wife's pension but his own pension as well? Does he think that fair?
dill
Cut off any excess on the bottom of the crown (I left the goofy ones really tall, and cropped the others).
and for Millie.
Hello, hello! Is everybody looking forward to the weekend? Well, I am! I'm hoping the weather will be good so I can do some garden work!
“For this reason a prince ought to take care that he never lets anything slip from his lips that is not replete with the above-named five qualities, that he may appear to him who sees and hears him altogether merciful, faithful, humane, upright, and religious.”
Or is the whole thing so sad simply because it represents yet another example of selling the family silver for the short-term gain of a few privileged people? I believe it is far more sinister this time. Law & Order is not trains, water, electricity, telecommunications or roads.
Facebook or Twitter....Neither, never got into it
What does it mean for passengers?….
“The toasters!”
Who Might Enjoy: MMORPG fans, Steam gamers, WoW-type Gamers
Solids can be categorised according to how stretchy they are. If you take an elastic wrist band and compare that with paper, for instance, then you could stretch the elastic band to a certain extent without it snapping but if you try and pull on the piece of paper, it would rip. You can already observe the difference between those two kinds of material. One has more give and can easily be pulled and stretched while the other snaps or rips just as easily.
constant in my life, the closest thing I have to a 'hometown'
However, to someone who does not know the English language, the sound of the word “right” is just a meaningless sound. Ask your pets. Even human infants do not know right from left. We either learn or else we still don’t know, and then we may go senile and forget.
So Much Love,
Muslim law in place there. When Odinga lost the elections, his followers
Oye Negra
I love to think about how strong a human could be, not in just bodily strength but the mind as well. Yet as I go over this scenario I realize our lives are so important to most of us that we’d think to flee- we’d believe them if it seemed to mean saving our own lives. It’s the perfect trap to truly fuck with mankind, scare them away…into the truly dangerous situation.
Oh, never mind.
"Beware the virgin.
"Has he done anything I've ever seen?"
Here is a random back pic of me in the dress and hat combo from last night. You can't see it in this photo, but the back of the dress is really low cut and at the time (I was a bit larger) was super out of my comfort zone! Maybe one day I will dig out the wedding photos and take you all on a trip down memory lane :)
I rinsed out the can for recycle.... hand washed Sammy's diaper....cleaned up the trail of pee on the floor... put everything back in order.....
Hopeful - Run/Walk twice a week minimum with a one week a month forgiveness making up on the next or previous week totalling 8 times a month, but only of which 3 are in the same week
10.7k - The right of conscience and the use of the democratic process within our congregations and in society at large
Most sheath systems are the weakest part of a knife. Otherwise we wouldn't have piles of leatherworkers and kydex folders out there making a tidy profit. However, for the ECS the sheath system is a welcome surprise and in my opinion overshadows the locking system.
Two days in a row without rain - and even the sun came out a bit and said hello!That's really all it takes to persuade me to enjoy a little photo walk.
So seasoned mamas, what do you like to cook for you baby?
In walk new pillows from Joss & Main. I am in love! Gray and green makes me one happy girl. Now I have a plan for the banquette cushion or at least I think I do. Maybe that should be another post.
With fishing and other industry sharply curtailed inside the preserve, Mafia’s rich reefs soon began attracting the attention of divers. After fishermen on the western side of the island discovered that friendly whale sharks liked the plankton-rich waters there, boats taking groups out to swim with the brightly spotted creatures became reason for water-bound visitors to stay longer. Regular air service from Dar es Salaam, Tanzania’s main point of entry, was added in 2006. The number of lodges and guesthouses on the island has mushroomed from just a handful a few years ago to roughly two dozen today. In 2010 the number of international visitors was up 300 percent from four years earlier, according to local government statistics — although the total number was still a modest 4,100 people.
Oooh, and bonus: completely re-wearable! Investment piece if I ever!
It took a long time for scence as a profession to catch on, because—pace a myth very widespread these days—science contributed next to nothing to the technological revolutions that swept the western world in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. Until late in the nineteenth century, in fact, things generally worked the other way around: engineers and basement tinkerers discovered some exotic new effect, and then scientists scrambled to figure out what made it happen. James Clerk Maxwell, whose 1873 book Electricity and Magnetism finally got out ahead of the engineers to postulate the effects that would become the basis for radio, began the process by which science took the lead in technological innovation, but it wasn’t until the Second World War that science had matured enough to become the engine of discovery it then became. It was then that government and business investment in basic research took off, creating the institutionalized science of the present day.
The challenge this rotation is to create Christmas cards, gift packaging, gift ideas or anything festive you can think of to share with a Christmas theme!
“Fair education”. Right. Meaning “being educated to remain Mexican”.
“Though you look like a cool dad with just you and your boys in the mall, it might be nice to add to your bag, baby essentials, like diapers, wipes, change of clothes…. unless you like to handle a baby whose diaper had a major malfunction.(Why me)”
The wonderful elements of our natural world can be witnessed everywhere. These are not only seen when exploring forests or navigating rivers, but are truly realized where the eyes generally don’t look and where the mind skips over. The great open spaces of the world hold many wonders, in just the simple space that they occupy. Here in the sphere of fields, we find the vast openness of the world; a window into the heartmind.
Poking around in the cellar, looking for a nightcap, I see the iconic red and white label of a bottle of Duvel. My heart leaps momentarily, only to sink when I find that it's an empty bottle that has found its way back onto the shelf. The distance between that peak of excitement and the trough of disappointment is an unusual index of how much I like that beer, both the beer itself, and that bottle in particular.
1 can (10 1/2 oz.) beef broth (bouillon)
6 TBS butter, melted
72. Perfect Ellen Hopkins
Well… let’s think about this for moment.
On Friday I had a heavy day. I actually started blogging then, but got tired and went to bed instead. I am not sure what the source of the heaviness was, but it was probably a combination of things. Someone I care about deeply sent me a text message asking me about the night terrors I used to have, and what I did about them. She is my sister, and she is about the same age now as I was when I was having them. We talked on the phone a little bit and I listened to the things that she was experiencing, and gave her the advice she was looking for. Then I had not one, but two counseling appointments. The first involved me talking about what is important to me – what gives me a sense of identity – and going through the most painful of my symptoms to assess which areas would be most beneficial to me to receive help in. The second involved lengthy discussions and dissections of family patterns, and I left that feeling loopy. By the time I got home I was in a full-blown rage, shutting out the world.
I went home, fell asleep on my couch and when I got a text message from him at three in morning, somehow forgot I was pissed. Because he said he wanted to see me. Not sex – he wanted to spend a few hours with me in his arms, before he had to go to work again at 9. He admitted it was a crazy idea, but that was the fun in it. I thought it was fun too – and agreed. I don’t know what got into me.
It’s back, it’s back
As we sat around the table at breakfast, we each quietly pondered the morning events. We asked ourselves why it was so unsettling, and we remembered the gift and fragility of life. On a lighter note, we laughed about the near extinction of the easter bunny for future generations. I know, it sounds horrible, but we were dealing with a somewhat difficult situation and used humor to lighten the mood.
2 commonality
If you read my Agenting 101 entries on royalty statements (see right side bar), you should know why Kristin wouldn’t like net amounts received.
My first opportunity to let Bertram get in touch with a patient was on 10/1/07. I had no idea how to go about this, or what he might have in mind, even though I had done a good deal of healing work in the past with Fryderyk and other invisible helpers. I held my hands over the patients’ bodies and told him he could come through and do whatever he thought best. He was definitely there, but the contact was much fainter than at the class, and not a lot seemed to happen. Maybe it was a decent first try. If it’s true that he is a surgeon, I may not be at all the right partner for him. As usual, I await further developments.
WWW.HUP.HARVARD.EDU BLOG: HARVARDPRESS.TYPEPAD.COM TEL: 800.405.1619
The boys are loving every minute of it. They love their baby sister but for them attending this fashion show would be a fate worse than death. We aren’t mean enough parents – we’re allowing them to stay home. Since they have worked their tails off at track it’s probably good for them to have a day to recover.
* Most versatile marker of all? The colorless blender marker. You can use it to make textures in a field of color (bricks, spatters, dots, cobblestones). It can help 'erase' mistakes. It can make colored-in jeans look faded.
Tripel Karmeliet: Simply put, this beer is a new classic. While this beer is brewed from a recipe over 300 years old, the modern day version has only been brewed since the 90s. Despite its relative youth in the Belgian market, it still maintains a balance only achievable by Belgian brewers. The aroma of the beer isn't quite the traditional Tripel experience. Instead, this beer lies somewhere between a Belgian Wit and a French Saison with its notes of banana and lime zest, coupled with a spicy blend of cinnamon, cardamom, clove and white pepper.
Now that our family vacation is over, guess it's time to get back to work and back to updating our story about our sweet little Graci-girl. She and her 6-mo-old brother did fantastic on our 3500 mile road trip to see friends and family in the Pacific Northwest. We've received so much love and support from our friends and extended family and it's just so fun to see them all interact with and be totally blown away by Graci's progress. We are all blessed indeed!
Royal Icing Recipe: Pasteurized egg whites from 2 large eggs
I think I’ve done a pretty nice job embracing my long-neglected herb. Any suggestions for me? How do you spend your time with cilantro? If you happen to be one of the “haters,” I suggest trying this pesto. Studies say that crushing the leaves can rid of the soap aroma and lend a more mild taste. Then take it slow, one tastebud at a time, and develop your relationship from there. Love is patient, Love is kind.
Objections are forgotten, or glossed over, or the subject is changed to a different one. The name of the hypothesis is changed as public opinion polls swing to and fro (from "Creationism" to "Intelligent Design"). This isn't exactly a sign of scientific strength or confidence in its adherents.
a longer sort of breath.
As they approached us, we would see that the only part of their faces not blackened by the coal, was around their eyes, creating a mask looking like a negative copy of a giant raccoon. As tired as they were from working in the dark bowels of the earth, they would play the game we all expected. They would come lumbering towards us with a wild, bear like growl and chase us around the yards. This game gave me such a delicious fear. The hair on the back of my neck would stand out and a scream of delight would escape my mouth as I ran to hide under the porch.
I will not have much time to post here, but my approximate schedule is like this:
Thankfully once I’d bit the bullet, it was a lot of fun. Though I kept my eyes closed for most of it, and my screams probably reached the sunbathers on Fourth Beach.
lights up
Left-over $: 10.5%
The walled garden looked like this back then.
In any case, I am most interested in the son half of the equation, and what learning his understanding, will do for mine.
With much grinding of teeth, we began looking at mobile homes on acreage. My husband asked me, “Can interior decorators really live in mobile homes?”
Me: "Well how are you going to pay your bill here today?"
Today we not only celebrate a great man's legacy, but we celebrate our freedom, we celebrate all people...
Have a fantastic day, my friends!
Protected by invincible headdresses
I’m not sure how many times Carling have tried to extent the brand. I remember Carling Premier as a stronger lager sold in a can with a widget to give it the “smooth” effect of some canned ales. I have a mate who given the chance will drone on at length about how great Carling Premier was and that they should bring it back. It never did much for me, but I’m not fond of “smooth” beers whether it is done to an ale or a lager. I guess if it was that great it would still be in the shops and we will see if Chrome is that great if it is still in the shops this time next year.
The predicament is this- I can't find a good theme. I know this book backwards, forwards, and upside down, but I can't find a theme or topic that is both interesting and substantial enough for a good essay. Any ideas?
I Knew It Was You is a fascinating, touching and wonderful exploration of the life of a major American actor whose too-brief life and career during the turbulent 1970s has left an indelible mark on American films that helped to define a generation.
Any words of advice???
Surchoix – in a Gold wrapper aged 4-6 months
I woke up and everything that was weighing so heavily on my shoulders came crashing down.
Another great thing that came out of this year – even if a bit too late – was the realization that being approachable and personable can sometimes lead to students feeling like they can take advantage of you. There’s of course a balance to find between being available to students and setting clear boundaries, and I think even my failures in that this year have made me realize that mercy is nice sometimes, but students still need to see clear consequences for their actions. I admit that I cut a lot of students slack this year – mostly because there were times where I felt it would have been unfair because of other shortcomings of mine in communication – but I really made it clear this last quarter that things needed to change.
Here's my list of 15 dinners, in no particular order, because determining the day I'm going to eat a meal?? Well, let's just say Hell hasn't frozen over yet. We eat fruit with every meal, so that isn't listed.
Previously, we had appointment books and used our calendars and now we use our phones or “Me” pads.
Anyway, I couldn't resist making another card using another of Suzanne's latest rubber. so cute. And of course still playing with my quilling. Have another get together tomorrow with our group. Looking forward to it.
*Dedicated to today’s migraine, which is having a wonderful time tormenting me.
extended family that I was estranged for about 16 years. There are
I'm particularly fascinated with the designer's, obsession with designing storage solutions for the home that are actually part of the house design and based on how they will be used, rather than just pre-packaged big box pieces that meet the measurements. Below is a shot of the kitchen whose cabinetry was installed over 50 years ago. See what happens when you invest in good design?
Author Anthony Paik, associate professor of sociology in the university’s College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, examined the responses of 3,793 married and divorced women to the 2002 National Survey of Family Growth.
Exhausted. All the other things that I am feeling from dealing with everything that is going on is draining me, both physically and mentally. There are times where I know I need to study or work on homework or go to an event, but I would much rather just curl up in my bed and sleep. Sleeping seems to make everything disappear at least for a little while. And to be able to just give my brain that time to relax helps a lot.
- Superpod: This is for a more heavy wetter. The pod has 3 layers of microfiber and is then topped with a layer of microfleese. The pod is extra long in length so that you fold it in half as you customize the fit. This means that the number of layers will double.
Saint Louis Brewery / Schlafly Tap Room Schlafly Pale Ale
No, I’m not incorrectly cursing about a cat. It’s the state mandated test that occurs in every school in the state of Florida. This week is offically known as FCAT week.
Christmas trees...
And of course my trip home would not have been complete with out a trip to the Alibi with my wonderful friend Rebecca!!! If only we could have watched the civil war there together!!!
just to get on my berves
Besides, if my life hadn’t gone in the direction that it did, then there would be so many amazing people that I would have never met and so many things that I would never have done.
In closing for tonight, Steph and I want to thank you all for the anniversary well-wishes. There are so many of you out there that we look up to as examples for our marriage. We once again thank you for prayerfully supporting our family, and thank God for the support that we have in this battle. Levi is a tough fighter, and I can't wait to see what God has in store for him.
That being said, I have always been a big fan of education (I did become a teacher after all) and firmly believe that most of what a person needs to know in life is not learned by sitting quietly in a desk and taking notes. Here are a few lessons I learned from rock and roll, one of the greatest teachers around.
President get it so wrong
It is a good, good thing to celebrate the commonality and the diversity of our beliefs and practices. Unschoolers and Sudbury families alike face a status quo that seeks to invalidate us and make it unnecessarily difficult for us to follow our hearts. Getting to know each other’s approach better, sharing our ideas and success stories, and working to build acceptance for what we do can only help as we lay the groundwork for a future in which all children are truly free.
It's been sat dangling off the pepper plant for a while now and it was finally a good size and didn't seem to be getting any bigger. We snipped the pepper off the plant and cut it into small pieces to skewer on to some kebabs we were making for a barbeque. With some chicken pieces, fresh tomatoes and onion, the kebabs were absolutely delicious.
Gina had blocked out the horrific crime scene that occurred seven years ago, when, during a shoot-out, an explosion erupted and a man was killed. She presumed the wrong man dead, and locked up his brother for life in prison. Suddenly, Gina receives rhyming poems containing clues that lead to the mysterious man, dubbed The Rhymester’s, next move.
Queen Anne--she just won't go away. She used to be in almost everybody's traditional home and has been passed down to many a young couple. Unforunately, her style can look somewhat out of place in the midst of more modern decor.
from couch to couch
10. Salamanda Palaganda
He died in his sleep on Christmas day 1977, in his home in Switzerland.
The very first flag that was hung was our own, the Wisconsin Flag.
This is a food of festivals. Crisp from outside, soft from inside. This would be one thing that my brother and I ‘then’ and my husband and Bramhi ‘now’ reach(ed) our hands for, immediately after naivediyam.
Benefit? Not really, no. The next seven years just brought more of the same. All that changed is we were growing up and growing wiser. We stopped phoning 999 after each fake suicide attempt and instead of tipping mum's drink down the sink we tipped it down ourselves. Soon we were just as wasted as her and twice as reckless. Mum would eventually lay her alcohol demon to rest, only to fall into the arms of crack and heroin addiction in the same year. But compared to alcohol abuse, crack and heroin are nothing... as it turned out, they were the best years of our lives.
I usually buy most of these fabrics 10 yards at a time, so I eventually took over the bottom shelf as well. As for the minky, I only buy about 5 yards at a time, but it has so much bulk to it, that anything over 3 yards is impossible to fold and keep neatly. Most of this fabric is used for products I sell in my etsy shop (I've reduced my inventory of products until I can catch up a bit).
Well, since the voucher only applies to new account this is useless to me.
What else can you share about Pop Sounds?
To get me to reveal this to you
Someone might even propose to bless this sexual orientation.
I guess I'll never know. I don't think anyone knew what to make of Tintorera once all was said and done. Oh, I know René was proud of what he had accomplished after this was in the can. But you'd think he could have let everyone working on it know what their finished product was actually supposed to be. If you watch Tintorera, the last thing you'll think of is how deadly and destructive 19-foot tiger sharks can be.
- A ton of organic / natural choices in all categories, including personal care and home care.
Trust the flow. It can seem formless and passive, but the ancient practice of yoga nidra is as systematic as most any other yoga flow. There is a basic sequence: Get comfortable; set an intention for your practice; relax each part of the body; take a guided journey (maybe it’s a forest, field of sage, or warm beach); see what you see; feel what you feel; repeat your intention; return to your self. On a deeper level, the sequence moves you through all layers (called and spiritual. When you’re done, as in other practices, you feel as though you’ve landed in a different place from where you started. You know yourself a little better.
(the wicked witch has a heart of gold)
Thank you SRK!
46) Il Canto (Siena, Italy)
He pays attention to symptoms to diagnose the larger problem. He takes your blood pressure and asks standardized questions. If he gets enough of the same kind of answer, he can tell you likely have a heart problem. Most of the time, the tests and EKGs are merely to gain more detail, but generally to confirm most of what the doc already knows.
Eddie: Oh, so speaks the woman whose head has been lolling around like a bladder on a stick for the best part of the journey. Read the maps, get the maps.
simply put, i couldn’t bear the thought of failing and letting others down.
You know me. I like to walk. But when it’s too far and it’s too hot I have to take the train.
It has now emerged from comments by Martin Whitmarsh to Autosport.com that McLaren do indeed have a link between their rear wing and the snorkel on the top of the chassis. While a link between the two parts emerged during testing as they were both fitted with the same aero testing set up, it is only now that the full picture has emerged. Using the driver to interact with the snorkel feeding the rear wing and its attendant slot, the wing can ‘stall’ increasing straightline speed when the driver needs it.
Escape is only a romance away
The PC which was built for me in 2004, was top of the line at the time. It should run anything that came out within about two years of them with ease, but I can't even get World of Warcraft to boot up properly any more, so you can imagine it's not exactly cruising along.
Actually, she says there’s stuff that smells like lavender that works the same. I’ll have to get some.
An infant’s cry pierced the still summer noon.
* If you have binocularsmany other applications, so you get value from your purchase.
Getting back to this particular day, though, an unusual number and variety of birds were out and about. Photos of some of these birds will go up in the coming days, however I will need some help identifying them. Thankfully that's Deltaville Jamie's forte, reminding me the names of birds she's previously identified. For me. On this blog.
I also made Hempseed Apricot Chews from Whole Foods Market.
It is up to that one called in the next generation to answer the call and take their place in the long line of family story tellers.
In Tall Story, one of the big moments is when 12 year old Andi, a mouthy, basketball-mad Londoner, meets her gentle Filipino half-brother Bernardo for the first time and realizes that he is eight feet tall.
We love the Botanical Gardens in town, and the wonderful events they host. On this afternoon, we enjoyed a pumpkin festival complete with sampling some pretty gourmet pumkin soups that I hope I can recreate. One was a curried pumpkin soup with coconut milk, while the other (the one the kids loved) was pumpkin apple soup with a bit of maple in it. Yum!
We explored Bologna some more, continuing to escape the cold in little boutiques and art shops. We stumbled onto this church and decided to go in, and it is my favorite church that I have ever been in. The Chiesa di Bartolomea; it was free to get in, which is good as someone who travels as cheaply as possible, and I think it adds to the authenticity of the church. I feel like when you pay a bunch of money to go into a church it loses the sanctity. We were in here after dark and were literally the only two people there. The colors in the church were dark, and having the moonlight shinning in through the windows. It was amazing. A definite “must” for anyone going to Bologna.
I love being a father, love hearing my daughter call me ‘PAPA’, I love to show off my children wherever I go, dress them in the prettiest and hippest clothes, I love people to watch us a happy family of four, I love how my son’s fatty cheeks bounce like water balloons whenever I shake him, I love my life as a parent.
Bp from the Nitwits Grinnbeartoo Collection
And talking of trails, we’d have liked to see a Mediaeval Pub Trail (there are sooo many), an Industry Trail (Boots, Raleigh etc) and how about a Lace Trail? We saw nothing anywhere about Nottingham Lace – or were we just not looking?
Not really, but if I were Fox News that would be the headline for this entry. Check out Andy's great post about beer blogging. You know I don't take myself, nor my blog, too seriously. This ain't no revolution. This is beer.
Later she repeats the story to my dad. He’s just gotten home from work, but he’s had a “few beers” first. He is angry and irrational. He takes a gun from the cabinet and tells mom he’s going to go over there and shoot Brian’s dad. Unable to stop him, we wait. He doesn’t come back for hours.
Have you ever thought about family traditions? As I helped my 1-year-old place ornaments on the Christmas tree this year I imagined her doing the same thing with her children—and maybe even grandchildren—one day. Traditions are beliefs and customs handed down through generations. By sharing meaningful moments with your kids you're sending yourself into the future. How amazing is that?
So why isn't there an outrage when people hire such get-ups for party-wear? Simply the caprice of human nature. The further the deeds of the past recede, the fewer can be bothered being passionate about them. This is the inevitable and necessary process of forgetting the fine detail. We couldn't remain aware of and enraged by every turn of history's pages and have time to live our own lives.
The Captain picks unhooks her intercom and begins her departure, “My name is Bernadette and I will be your driver from here to there for the next 12 hours thanks to unfair labor issues between management and the unions. Those bastards take my dues but I don’t see them getting my pay bumped up or insurance that includes dental but you better believe I’m going to take all the sixty-minute dinner break that’s for damn sure. For your entertainment we will be showing a kids movie that will make you want to shoot your damn brains out before the end of the trip so no loud noises, be courteous, and don’t bother your driver by staying behind the damn white line. I know you all see it so stay back. In the event of fire the windows unlatch at the top, pull down and get your ass outside.In case of an emergency water landing your seat cushions will drown with you you. Thank you for riding Greyhound and we hope you have a good trip now let’s
“Wherever the celebrities go, they are recognized, and moreover, recognized with some excitement and awe. Whatever they do has publicity value.” -C. Wright Mills
Not many people know this, but the Greek God Eros has a contested origin. As a member of the Protogenoi, or "first born" Greek gods according to Hesiod's Theogony, Eros, or rather (love), was among the first entities or beings to ever come into existence... right alongside earth (Gaia), sky (Uranus), day (Hemere) and night (Nyx). Love is a thread in the very fabric of our universe. Yes, the concept of Love and thus Eros... has been around since the very beginning... before any of the Olympians were even a butterfly's flutter in Rhea's womb.
5. In Sauce pan, boil balsamic vinegar and sugar once and then simmer on medium heat until it is reduced by half and thickened.
So it was in the first century; and so it is now, 2000 years later. The Good Shepherd, the Chief Shepherd, feeds and guides and protects us; and he does so especially through mere men, whom he has called and charged with the care of his flock, as pope and bishops, priests and deacons.
But I was hardly aware of it at the time. What I knew was that I lived in a city full of inspiration that begged to be explored. I knew that most of the people I encountered were good, that some were not, and that my gut was my first line of defense. I knew that I was loved, trusted, and expected home at a speciic time. And I knew of a hundred ways to amuse myself that did not involve four-dollar lattes.
What do I long for?
Diesel engines are rugged, and Mitsubishis L200 has been the evolution mitsubishi forums of this iconic all-wheel drive turbo sports saloon on general sale probably shouldn't have a trick gearbox, but it's proved adept recently at hacking up and take notice, with the evolution mitsubishi forums is extremely sprightly for a jaw-dropping performance figure or two.
♡ Xen Tan! ♡
Travis Benjamin, WR, Miami — Everybody insisted the Browns needed speed at wideout — Benjamin was the fastest player at the combine (4.36 40 yard dash). He’s tiny (5’10″, 172 lbs) and apparently gets miffed easily by press coverage. Has some return ability, which is always nice.
I have two horses and my life pretty much revolves around them and their needs. I wouldn’t have it any other way.
and the worst part about this one.....
Let’s say, even if you choose to say goodbye
Working the gas.
My next plan was to get to the Old Fort and our searches took us past more ancient alleyways, some wider, some narrower, some busy, some empty. Huge wooden carved doors were set into stone walled buildings and the sun created a dance of light and shadow. We were sucked into a shop selling beautiful pashminas and I could not resist the finest cashmere at such reasonable prices. A memory to add to my frankincense and myrrh, but one I knew would be used rather more.
In that instance Noah’s Ark Zoo Farm staff lured him down with some tasty treats, but food ended up being his final undoing.
Lose a thought in a trance
Again my pain caused me to reflect on what I have, and who I was becoming. I am so lucky. I have the greatest family, friends and a girl that challenges me in the best way.
One – the plot plan is prepared before writing. No sitting around for days wondering what’s going to happen who the characters are and how it ends
A mob of about a hundred people arrived at my house at 11 this morning (Sunday October 31st 2010.) They broke through the gate and vandalized property. They shouted slogans against me for my views on Kashmir, and threatened to teach me a lesson. The OB Vans of NDTV, Times Now and News 24 were already in place ostensibly to cover the event live. TV reports say that the mob consisted largely of members of the BJP’s Mahila Morcha (Women’s wing). After they left, the police advised us to let them know if in future we saw any OB vans hanging around the neighborhood because they said that was an indication that a mob was on its way. In June this year, after a false report in the papers by Press Trust of India (PTI) two men on motorcycles tried to stone the windows of my home. They too were accompanied by TV cameramen.
East Regional Finals/TD Garden/Boston, MA
— Unknown
*Freezing the magical effect (and your product or event) in the minds of the spectators
Exposing myself to what I don’t need to see.
4) I’m not going to rant about our sad environment in which participate in, understand, and value agriculture so little… Well, I am going to rant, but not today.
By Jaron Zanerhaft
There comes a time in a man’s life when he wakes up one morning, feels his bones creak as he gets out of bed, and realizes his tree-climbing days are just about over. He feels old, he feels tired, he looks like he hasn’t slept in days, and the monotony of every day life is an anchor that keeps dragging him further and further down into the abyss.
The slaughter in Bosnia, Kosovo, Serbia, Croatia and others is a direct result of the Vatican's involvement in this area, but you will never hear about it because the Jesuit-controlled news media not only refuse to mention it but they lie about the situation to keep the papacy from being suspected of her true involvement.
I will then get back to you with your total. This time, for the first time, I do have only limited amounts of SOME felt colours ... but if/when I sell out, I will let you know :-).
Cut your selected piece of fabric out to cover the bottom of your plate extending about 1-2 inches all the way around and set aside.
Meanwhile, there's another rock slide partially obstructing the Toll Road, just 1/5 of a mile or so past the junction with the Jones Saddle firebreak. It's pretty much exactly where rock slides have been the past two years. I'm assuming it's been cleared and re-covered, though it's possible I've never noticed that the original slide was never cleared.
My hands shook, I felt the blood rush up my neck and into my temples, heart pounding. My mouth opened and out poured the grumpy old man speech that had been simmering in there for decades and just now found a proper target. "See, the thing is, it's NOT just one lousy lemon. You know how many people walk past here and want a lemon off this tree every single fucking day? If they all took one she'd have no lemons. It's people like you that make this world a shitty place to live in. You walk around thinking that you can have anything you want. You see it and want it, so you just walk up and fucking take it like the whole world owes you this free fucking ride. No respect for anyone, just greedy spoiled brats taking it all for themselves. It's not one lousy lemon. It's your fucking attitude. You just fucking wanted it. So you took it. And when someone calls you on it you rear up with that ugly mean face and act so surprised and indignant that someone actually has the audacity to tell you you can't have it. How about being polite and asking? Or maybe BUYING a lemon at the store. Or maybe planting your own god damned tree, planting it a pot in your fucking loft. Fucking spoiled brats walking around taking what they want and never lifting a finger...pathetic. And it wrecks it for the rest of us who have to live with you."
Saturday, April 28
It's hurts everywhere.
8. Starting with right foot, wash feet with water to ankle 3 times.
We hit three other parties, none of them memorable. Conversations were dull, people strange and I felt numb.
To learn more about movie making in Utah, check out this Interview of James D'Arc by Donnie Morris, owner of Confetti Antiques & Books in Spanish Fork
do you come back and read those replies?
Everyone Loves a Good Train Wreck also has a ponderous opening. Wilson couldn't decide between four different introductions to frame his central question, so he used them all: Chapter 1——Why was I so fascinated with the 9/11 footage? Chapter 2——Why do I rubberneck at highway accidents? Chapter 3——Why do I study gothic and morbid subjects? Chapter 4——Why am I generalizing to other people from myself? The only insights in these chapters are tucked away in the endnotes.
Here's your next clue, this guy is delivering a poisonous Asian snake to somebody who would have to be a Vietnam vet, to be able to handle it!
There are currently 48 planets soon to ascend to 5D, earth being one…and they are all connected. Not all these worlds are experiencing the darkness of Dracos, financial tyranny and hatred that earth is, in fact only 3 others are: the rest are peaceful civilizations who are ascending by a process of harmony…however, if earth and humans fail to ascend and the cabal wins, the other 47 planets will also fail to ascend and become open for invasion by the Draco-Hydras and Greys. This is why it is so important to the benevolent ETs that earth is helped toward the 5D, but in a natural way. The ascension process for this area of the galaxy is a web — if one strand breaks, the whole web breaks.
he seemed relieved too.
‘But it’s the middle of the night and she’s got nothing on.’ I grab Frank’s dressing gown and tie the belt around my waist, throwing the other robe over my shoulder.
If you click on the link above you should be able to click on the picture and then click on it again to enlarge it because the devil is in the detail. The Town Hall clock can clearly be seen in the distance but the street running outside the pub is Back Spring Gardens, whereas the pub’s address was Manchester Court, Spring Gardens which was on the other side of the pub as we look at it from this angle. Technically speaking, then, this is the back of the pub. Even so, it is fully-signed which suggests that the rear entrance was actually its main access. The building on the left in the foreground is the Queen Street Mission Ragged School, which was also demolished to make way for the Civic Centre, but which moved a couple of hundred yards down Deansgate to Central Street. Note the graffiti chalked on the walls, the landlord and landlady, Mr and Mrs Wood, standing resplendently in the doorway, Mr Wood smoking his pipe; their next door neighbour standing in her doorway and the two grinning characters hidden away at the right of the photograph, captured for posterity.
I realise I’ve not been here for a while, Fear not, I have not been rendered rheumatoid by a ruminant, ravaged by a rabbit, gored by a goat or bewildered by a Wildebeest.
The fall hurt and I felt a little dizzy. I was completely shocked. I had no idea. NONE. Naive? Yes.
Wellness Wishes w N.UM $9.00
We followed this with an unconventional choice a 90′s thriller starring Gene Hackman and Anne Archer (back when she was a viable star. A Los Angeles District Attorney (Gene Hackman) is attempting to take an unwilling murder witness (Anne Archer) back to the United States from Canada to testify against a top-level mob boss. Frantically attempting to escape two deadly hit men sent to silence her, they board a Vancouver-bound train only to find the killers are on board with them. For the next 20 hours, as the train hurls through the beautiful but isolated Canadian wilderness, a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues in which their ability to tell friend from foe is a matter of life and death.
(My blog was never actually intended to encourage other moms dealing with breastfeeding problems, just to document my experience and possibly help other moms with low milk supply. But if you get encouraged to continue despite whatever obstacles may be in your way, even better!)
Go ahead, defend your captors who have become the captors of your children. It's understandable, really it is. You have grown up in a society that tells you from birth that you have to go to school. As a parent you have been primed since your child's birth or before with materials on Kindergarten preparedness and the importance of development from birth to age five, the importance being that you need to pack as much as possible into the formative years so your child won't already be behind when they enter school. You have been encouraged to put your child in daycare, preschool and then kindergarten. You have read books to your child about the wonders of kindergarten and you and every other adult in their lives has primed your child's pump with worlds such as, "Wow! Now you're 5 and in the fall you get to go to Kindergarten with the big kids!" And maybe that first year really is great, sometimes it is, but as the years stretch from K to 12 the magic wears thin. At that point it doesn't matter, the system has you and your kids. You believe that your kid has to do the homework the teacher assigns even if you know it's too hard or too easy or totally irrelevant, you cave to the principal's authority when she suggests your child needs medication to help him sit still and be quiet, you let the school district tell you what time to get up in the morning, what your kids can wear that day, and even if they should stay home and play in the snow or get on the bus as usual. You blindly trust the standardized curriculum and the classes required for graduation. You become the schools enforcer of homework, attendance and dress code. You accept that teens rebel because that's what teens do, never realizing that most of the angry words and hurt feelings that spring up between you and your child are grounded in the requirements of the school district. You support the schools agenda often to the detriment of the things your child passionately loves to do. Video games are a waste of time, drawing manga will never pay the bills, and sports are only important if you are good enough to score a scholarship in the future, you and the district make sure your child knows what's really important: math and science and passing the tests.
Estoppel, on the other hand, arises when an action of a patentee causes an accused infringer to believe that the patentee has abandoned any claim against him or will not take action. It may result when the patentee threatens to take action and then fails to follow up.
16. What was the best book you read?
Or is it? We hadn't thought we were small-minded parents of narrow vision. But doubts emerged. How would a child for whom every stimulating educational luxury has been afforded cope with the realities of first jobs or of no jobs? With the mundanity of filing, with necessary but repetitive tasks, or with getting up in the middle of the night, again, sleepless, again, to change a filled nappy? Brilliant, life-enhancing opportunities, but leading to a sense of unrealistic entitlement? Who knows.
Prepare for your Macbeth presentations on Monday. E-mail me a caption for The New Yorker cartoon below.
But on this subject, is there something about the personal nature of Christianity that also stands out, potentially at odds amidst our ‘impersonal’ culture? Often people seem happy with a general and impersonal spirituality that helps them to get through life. Or even a somewhat withdrawn religious package that offers stability and meaning. But a God who knows your name and wants to use it? I guess, like with Starbucks, a natural reaction is to assume there’s an ulterior motive. Is it too good to be true to conclude there isn’t?
13.Lt Grey....Peppered.Dk Green......Lean yet Soft
Prep time: 5 minutes
Time seems to slow down as he yanks the truncheon out of his pocket and throws up his arm to ward off the knife. She comes at him like a furie, screaming like an animal. Her blade’s so sharp he doesn’t feel the cut. A razor’s edge parting his suit, his skin, his flesh but it doesn’t stop him. The hard length of the truncheon catches her in the throat and she goes down, the scream abruptly cut off, replaced by choking, dropping the knife as she struggles to breath and claws at her own neck.
I am out of the sling and can use both hands to type. Yea!!! And I can use the arm a bit, of course lots of physical therapy. :-)
Do not be wise in your own eyes; fear the LORD and depart from evil. It will bring health to your flesh, and strength to your bones.
How do you fit everything into the day--writing, editing, promoting your book, reading submissions? Do you ever have free time?
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile. ~Lee Mildon
A recent, 3-month old American Style Barleywine, which I call "Event Horizon." - Yowza!
The event started with flag bearers entering magnificent Andreyevsky Hall of the palace, where the inauguration takes place, carrying the Russian flag, the Constitution and the presidential standard and insignia. The chairman of the Constitutional Court placed them on the tribune.
1-2 tablespoons light or dark soy sauce
The girl can’t be identified. The victim, a middle-aged man, sat in court. But afterwards he declined to comment as he left with his wife.
I won't let you down
2 medium size eggs ( beaten and seasoned with salt , pepper and light soy sauce )
I need to be more careful when I bump into people from my past, I suppose. Which actually bothers me quite a lot. It means that I have to remember that who I am is not genuine to them, rather than just instinctually celebrating seeing them. Somehow, this makes me feel a little dirty. I can see why a lot of people move away from their home towns after transitioning. We shouldn't have to live with the constant reminder of our pasts. It's difficult enough to overcome all of this in the first place.
#1 - I got to my lowest weight of 139 lbs and was so happy and then all of a sudden I felt like I could breathe a little bit and lax. Mistake number one. I should never feel like I can breathe or lax ever. A month and a half of doing that resulted in me putting a few pounds back on and bouncing inbetween 143-146 lbs for the last month. While it's consistent and in a sense I'm maintaining I'm not happy with the maintenance numbers and would feel more comfortable bouncing between 140-143 vs what Im doing right now. So while I never deny myself any foods, I was allowing myself certain foods more often than I should have. Mistake number two.
I can feel myself letting go of reality the edges curling in, my mind slips but I am able to get out, “No.” Just as my world changes and emptiness surrounds me.
In essence we all come from the first man.
The following explanation of the above scripture was sourced from a sermon by Rev. Adrian Dieleman, who preached this sermon on September 6, 2009.
A. Breaking Of The Bread
Along the way you'll see plenty of cakes and cupcakes!! And for some added sweets many of us have candy on our blogs too!! So make sure you leave comments and/or enter linkies along the way!! You'll also notice a new face!! That's right Lols, as most of you know her, from Lorraine's Loft is helping us out by guest designing for the hop and we are so excited to have her on board this week!!!!
Celeste
21 The Real Me (5:23)
But then look eastward from your heart, there bulks
We had just reached the archway of the Plaza de Mayor and I stopped to take another picture. Suddenly I heard a loud WHACK, and turned to see Brett with our Spain guidebook standing next to a young woman.
Belt, Oasis €19
Will Putin or Medvedev contest next year's presidential election in Russia? The answer is by no means certain. Everything either man does at the moment is interpreted as pre-campaign manoeuvring.
I tried this out a few times and then on March 20, I was able to stand five eggs on end. I did not wait until the exact start of Spring, that being in the early morning hours here, a time meant for sleeping; after all we lost that hour last week with the change to DST. Spring magic or not here they are standing on end:
Interviewer: Sheik Al-Qaradhawi has warned against a Shiitization campaign in Sunni societies. Do you share his fears?
Make a conscious decision today that you are going to take that problem to God and leave it there. Here are a few steps to help you through the process:
For Home, Western man has stood firm and fought victoriously time and again over the long ages against countless foreign hordes.
Inclusion: Race Bib, Finisher Shirts and Medal for all categories
You know how you wore those camo pants to the feminist rally to look uncharacteristically hardcore? Well now they have a practical purpose. Run and hide. Build yourself a green camo village and stay there.
The rites of Hajj date back to the Prophet Abraham (peace be upon him), and his family – who are tremendously revered in Islam due to the sacrifices and exertions they undertook in submission to God. Although most pilgrims travel to the Holy Lands for a period of a few weeks (six weeks in my case), the actual period of the Hajj is only five days – with the preceding time serving as a physical and spiritual preparation for the main event.
But his 2005 inauguration address shows best how Bush belongs in the conservative tradition. It is literally suffused with the theme of how basic and important individual liberty is. A few excerpts:
Putting aside for a moment our stated position on ‘moderates’ and ‘radicals,’ it is entirely possible that this document will alienate what some people would call ‘moderate’ Muslims. But it is very difficult indeed to see why the British should give a fig whether they are alienating such people or not. Despite the accepted wisdom that we must win over such moderate types if we are to prevail in the struggle against radical Islam, extremist Islam, political Islamism, or whatever it is being called this week, victory in this regard will be achieved by the British themselves or not at all.
Signed-
listening to your every single words
Everywhere that Mary went,
* 6 large eggs
The K is for Keep. Keep striving to become better. Keep writing and wanting to be the best you can be.
Thanks so much for stopping by Today! I hope your Monday is a super good one filled with MANY blessings! Bee a Blessing to someone today!
- Training official for Persal training (1997);
It was kind of surreal.
I unravel a tangled web connecting President Obama, Eric Holder, Janet Napolitano and a number of advisors and political appointees behind Fast and Furious. These officials have deep loyalties to each other and their anti-Second Amendment ideology dating as far back as the Clinton Administration. In fact, many key Fast and Furious players have deep ties to Chicago and helped craft the 1994 Clinton assault weapons ban legislation.
But the museum is not just an illustration of the book, Pamuk stressed at the opening of the museum. The wall and the little videos next to it of female hands holding a cigarette, gesticulating above a cup of tea, are an installation around the meaning of smoking. ‘In a society where direct communication is difficult, a lot is being said through gestures. What do you smoke, and how? You communicate by raising your eyebrows, by sighing, by how long you make your beloved wait.’
All UStamp projects include a coordinating card and envelope, so you're really getting two tutorials from each designer! This session has only just begun so hurry over to my sidebar and click on the UStamp with Dawn and Friends Classes, Clubs and Camps blinkie to join us! You don't want to miss out on over 40 projects from the most amazingly talented group of stampers as well as live chats and loads of projects!
Allan watches everything with wide-eyed terror. Literally, everything. I think his face got stuck this way.
OK, now let’s try switching the ethnic identities round. Change the fish and chips to kebabs, London to Rochdale, white to Asian and vice versa and you have the case that ended yesterday at Liverpool Crown Court. Nine British Muslim men were jailed for a total of 77 years for rape and trafficking within the UK for sexual exploitation. The whole case made for disturbing reading, but somehow it was the tiny, paralysing details that made it real. Like the fact that one of the convicted men, father-of-five Abdul Rauf, was a religious studies teacher at a local mosque. Rauf asked his 15-year-old victim if she had any younger friends, and drove some of the girls to meet other men, who had sex with them despite knowing they were under-age.
I feel great about the change. Being a flexitarian is something that I could see myself doing in the future. As far as benefits go, I have felt healthier eating vegetarian for the past week. Combined with exercise, I feel like I have more energy during the day and I just feel better.
Sometimes it's what you do after sex that makes you a great lover...
A quick search on Google, Linked In, Facebook and Twitter and young Jacob’s life is exposed. A hopeful with a passion for life in the fast lane. A young entrepreneur, married six years, a daughter…lovely house in a desirable suburb…surely insured and with assets worth liquidating, He would have left his attractive widow with a healthy inheritance. Photos of the family on Picasa proved to be encouraging. Simone is a pretty bottle blonde with slightly plastic, cheerleader good looks; slim, feminine, not at all unpleasant on the eye. The child is an unfortunate impediment but young enough to hoodwink if everything goes to plan. The side of his mouth curls as he flips his laptop closed and leaves an optimistic tip for a waitress who frankly, does not
But these books are SO skilfully written! I know Anne is a good friend but since I am absolutely not the target audience, I hoped I would count as dispassionate. And I was totally hooked.
701. -- Bites @ Teresa’s Next Door (Wayne, PA) 5:30 p.m. –
With their heavy handed message the V Magazine Size Issue suggests that today fashion is not simply about beauty in the traditional sense, but rather in the most stunning and interesting way we can find it. So if this is the aim, women of more varied sizes can be used for true fashion spreads. Renn and Burlesque dancer Miss Dirty Martini prove the idea that perhaps thin models do not need to be banished, but rather placed next to equally stunning Botticelli beauties.
I chopped up a green apple, a peach, some strawberries, a handful of Ranier cherries, and some black raspberries, and tossed in some blueberries for good measure. I loaded up the pie plate with the fruit and pressed the crumb mixture onto the top of the pie.
As a young woman on the spiritual path, I was always both intrigued and bothered by the concept of karma. It just didn’t seem accurate that everyone I knew who remembered a past life was a princess in Egypt or a king in medieval Europe. Or perhaps they had done something really terrible in a past life and they were being punished by God by not being able to get pregnant or running into continuous relationship landmines. The deeper principle of karma called to me, while many of the explanations seemed superficial and overly linear. So I did what any diligent young spiritual journalist would do, approaching each spiritual teacher or great yogi I met on my travels, and asking “What is karma?” and over the years try to sift through it all.
Don’t know whether you have opened your bowels yet, or if this is what you are referring too? Women are naturally worried about the first time after stitches. I usually suggest that if a woman is anxious that she might like to support the perineum (the stitched area) with some toilet paper when she goes to the loo. This is mostly a psychological prop, but … if it works … it will be fine I promise! Just make sure you drink plenty of fluids (this will also help dilute the urine) and eat so that you don’t get constipated.
Okay, this literally took me 3 days to finish, lol. We've been busy & Miss Lulu has started WALKING!!! So she is everywhere all the time. Please let me know if you re-post. Also, we have had INSANE storms all day. They've been kind of cool & a little scary..Hope all is well w/all of you.
I designed the layout on my Silhouette Cameo and all cuts were made with the Cameo. This just makes making a card so much easier. Hope you love it as much as I do.
If, after reading this, you believe it all to be true.
Noel Tichy was responsible for setting up the now-legendary training center for GE at Crotonville. In his book “Leadership Engine” he describes the internal workings of Crotonville:
Although sushi is probably Japan’s most famous culinary export, tempura is a close second. Wooing the world through the international language of deep-fried deliciousness, these crispy treats are beloved everywhere from San Francisco to San Sebastian. Tempura can refer to any number of ingredients - typically seafood or vegetables - that have been dipped in a batter of flour, egg, and ice water and then quickly fried in hot oil.
OBAMA (giddy with relief): REALLY?
My new rugs for the hallway. Matching and perfectly lined up!
Next we went to the WWII War Museum. The Japanese bombed Darwin several times, but the first time was the worst with a loss of over 200 lives. As the Japanese swept through the Pacific, the British decided they could not spare any resources to defend Australia. General Douglas MacArthur, however, saw that it was the perfect base for American operations in the Pacific and much of it occurred in the Northern Territories.
Potential Insights: How TM relates to other non-sportive related hurdles and what parallels can be drawn between real life issues and TM; how they are/ were handled before.
And, as usual, I worried for nothing. I am loving this challenge! I modified it a bit - as The Rules say you're free to do - and that helped me feel less, um, stressed. Instead of writing a story every day, I write one story every weekday. So, by the end of May, I'll have 23 new stories, some of which I'll revise and sub, some of which I won't. (As of today, I have seven stories written and I plan on going back to three of them.)
I started assembling The Gallery, which is no where near completion or even proper formatting, but I have to start somewhere, since there are pictures all over the damn place. Any ideas are welcome.
This concentration of real material capital in Google, Vaidhyanathan continues, is the secret behind its services’ maximizing of the “network effect”: “The more users it attracts, the more value each user derives from using it, and thus the more users it continues to attract.”
Another fun embellishment I've made using a Xyron are these twine buttons.
My life nowadays has been amazing. While there are uncertainties along the way, I have been able to manage things well. Being the breadwinner of a big family, I believe it is a big achievement to be able to provide more than what my loved one’s needs. I don’t actually find this a responsibility, rather a calling. While I was applying a little amount of argan oil for skin on my legs, I realized that God gave me my talent and abilities for a reason and one of which is to be able to earn and become a good provider.
…The woods are lovely, dark and deep.
Because of circumstances beyond my control. I had today to get a new telephone number and I thought that was going to be a quite involved process, but it turned out to be fairly easy. After a few formalities it was done in a flash and I will know my new number in a few days when it will be sent to me in the mail. My old number has already been disconnected so the problems with it should be resolved. The new number will be a secret number.
Label:Studio One
We love you so much!
You may also want to take a read of Maureen Lynas’ excellent post, How Big is Your Slushpile, offering a different and altogether more humourous approach on the subject of writerly endurance.
7:15 - 6 oz bottle, bed
It was so fun putting so many random thoughts together into one project. I hope she likes it! Okay, I realize she's probably not going to care much :) I do hope she feels comfortable and safe in here though!
You can, I’m not going to.
By Anna Wood,
Sunday I went down to the Picture 2 Page show at met up with all the ladies again..I was a very naughty girl and forgot my camera so I will be waiting for the other ladies to put their photos up and stealing them to share!!
-Likewise, you wait for the mail truck to come by every day so you can wave and say hi to the mail lady
Flashback: The Marshall’s have been invited to stay at Havers ranch. He says it’s his way of doing something for a serviceman. At the ranch are Havers son Bob and seventeen year old daughter Lorna Mae. Also around is Luis Marescu. He’s a movie director who says he’s invented a new color process. Havers lawyer is there too. The one person missing is Havers’ wife. Havers has a Great Dane named Khan who doesn’t like John but is putty in Suzanne’s hands.
authorities about the kind of equipment he was introducing into the
I mean, if my presentation IN A RUNDOWN BOWLING ALLEY is that noticeably bad then I must be even worse than I realized.
We, however, barely made it through halftime - it was a school night and their attention span is pretty short. This is another reason we don't do these types of events very often - I heard so much complaining from Max especially about being there at all (is he a teenager already or what?) but by the end he was asking about the game and the equipment and generally came around.
He also said he’d do whatever it took to get his son’s money refunded and he didn’t care who he had to take down to get that done. He was a highly intelligent, pleasant man, lovely Scottish accent and did all of this very diplomatically but there was no mistake he meant what he said. He told me his son had had some rough times, had just gotten his life straightened around and that Peter had lent him the money to buy a reliable car.
Here is a quick post of a study about inorganic elemental contents in white rice of seven Asian countries. The authors determine the contents with neutron activation analysis (NAA).
From For Sale to Sold!
Wow, What a Big Deal!!!!
No Collateral demanded
First of all the discipline of writing your own thoughts down is valuable in itself. In our modern world we change our mind often and are bombarded with lots of information. Keeping track of my own thoughts is really helped by keeping a blog.
Name: Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA)
Friday was the big day, and I'd already decided to make it a dry run for any future occasion when I'd be called upon to dress up, like a Christmas do or an evening soiree. I now had the Lady Shoes With Heels, the ancient historical and hand-me-down dresses from Lola II's friend, and I'd bought tights. The technology of tights has come on a long way since the last time I bought any, which would easily have been 15 years ago. That's probably all I'm going to say, other than both fit and performance are vastly improved.
I have a morning routine. I have to get out of my house by 7:20 a.m. at the earliest and I try my hardest to make sure that at 6:59 I’m sitting on my sofa with some form of breakfast watching a morning show.
So there you go; three reasons to why I have been excused for a long flipping time. But now, nothing’s going to be in my way. Now I am going to post posts like crazy. So subscribers, you better be tuning in to this junk. Cause it’s about to be crazy.
“Because real women don’t look like that. Not unless you’re paid to look like that. So she was either a stripper or a rich woman with nothing to do all day but go to the gym.”
“Hit me Baby One More Time” – Rihanna to Chris Brown
I have been asked to do a friend a favor so in August my blog will be burnin up with creativity!!!! ;) AND I have an order of 100+ Wedding Invites to do and possibly ANOTHER batch of Wedding Invites... too bad neither appreciate the offer to use my SYMPATHY STAMPS on them!!! :) :) :)
Becoming a godly person is a worthy goal for every believer. We usually recognize that prayer and Bible study are essential to achieving this objective, but did you know that having right relationships is also a critical element in our journey toward godliness? Friends, family members, and co-workers can either help or hinder us as we seek to walk closely with the Lord.
1x 17 Nail Polish in Glisten
I am haunted by the smiling photos I’ve seen of Isabella with her father and mother, brothers and sisters. No doubt she struggles through many of her days–she nearly died a few weeks ago–but she has also been granted three years of unconditional love and the ability to smile and bring joy. Her tenuous survival has given her family a deeper sense of how precious even the frailest of lives are.
Another great source of community I have enjoyed since January, and boy have I learned a lot, is the wide world of blogging. Many writers share their writing online, resources, and their thoughts on things they’ve learned about writing. There are plenty of writing prompts offered on blogs as well. Some of the ones I like are Be Kind Rewrite has writing prompts on the blog called Inspiration Monday and Rosemary Mint has prompts on Thursday Melting. There are probably many more to be explored out there. It can be nice to use a writing prompt on one of those days nothing is coming to mind which I want to write about or just for the fun of it or as a challenge.
I can’t deny this training has been exteremely useful in many ways, but it also leads me to quickly form opinions and draw conclusions on the basis of what I already know, or, I might say, on just what I know so far. When this becomes a problem is in the context of studying, working, or just being in another culture. I don’t always notice the most relevant information, or sometimes worse, I do notice it but misinterpret it.
We go back to the car. I refuse to cooperate and again, Mom lifts me in.
I got an answer (if only a partial answer) this weekend.
Recently I commented on a post, my comment was, I thought, a perfectly reasonable criticism of religious intolerance, but the writer of the post took it personally and in return launched a personal attack on me. I thought I’d been very restrained in not pointing out how offensive the intolerant triumphalism of the writers bigotry was. However some people do not take criticism very well, particularly those who accept unquestioningly the teachings of their religion.
I could ramble for hours about the patchy knowledge I have, and how much I love physics, but I think instead I will stop. Instead, I am going to continue reading my random articles and expanding on what I know of star formation. As I wrote this, I remember this wonderful science blog that I haven’t visited in a while, due to another one taking my interest. At least now there will be a lovely amount of wonderful information to catch up on…
Here are some of the inside pages:
Now for the next two, or even three, cunning plans.
I do like the end result, after blocking and drying. Happy knitting!
I still would like to share some of my time with you one day.. but I also have to have some more of a life… and if it is with Sharika and not you than so be it…. I can only show you so much here… and I cannot force you to do anything…. nor would I ever want to…. any contact with me must be of your own free will… this blog is about as close as I can ever get to chasing you
* Min Bachelor Degree, Civil Engineering / Architecture
a check up."
The reality of a violation does not make the act any less wrong or mean that what was done can not be put right, and victims, no natter how wounded, can move in to a new reality, where they are no longer victims.
At this stage of the Roman voyage total discouragement had set in. From verse 20 we read, “All hope that we should be saved was then taken away.” Isn’t that true when you confront your need of salvation? Before you accepted the gospel, the good news, you had to have the bad news impressed upon your mind. You were a sinner and condemned to eternal damnation in the lake of fire. You had to obey the gospel of Jesus Christ and be saved.
It’s a credit to our profession that journalists everywhere work long hours additional to their contracts, largely to uphold standards and quality output. I hope our strike action will raise awareness of a dwindling press as a whole and encourage fellow journalists to fight for better journalism. After all, none of us chose this profession for money, so if the quality of your publication isn’t worth fighting for, what is?
(2) When an applicant (or assignee) files multiple applications with the same effective filing date, a common inventor and overlapping disclosures, the Office will presume that the applications contain patentably indistinct claims. In such a situation, the applicant must either rebut this presumption by explaining to the satisfaction of the Director how the applications contain only patentably distinct claims, or submit the appropriate terminal disclaimers and explain to the satisfaction of the Director why two or more pending applications containing conflicting or patentably indistinct claims should be maintained.
How influenced are you by reviews? Do you generally like a bestseller more because it is a bestseller and everybody likes it? Have you ever decided not to read a book that sounded interesting and had a good sample but the reviews were poor?
1881–1941
My Rating: ★★★★
A little sugar
....... some really yummy beetroot chutney...I know it's yummy cos we had some in a sandwich at lunchtime today :-)
Fast-forward to this year, and the brain drain argument was used with equal vigor to justify the scrapping of the 50p tax rate. Apparently, a 5p reduction in the rate of tax paid only on income over £150,00 will make all the difference to our prosperity.
i spent £10.00 on my studded belt - one piece i wear almost everyvtime
Last week Debi Alper, who has a fabulously witty blog, tagged her thus: Five Things Feminism Has Done For Me. Well, this is what feminism has done for The Bitch:
Enjoy the many health benefits of hemp.
Rarely have I been able to post a recipe the same day I make it but I made this tonight and my son actually said "Mom, you need to put this on your blog....like tonight!"....LOL So, there you go an endorsement from my 7 year old :)
I’m motionless
Me: Yes mother
...a dud.
It's been quite some time hasn't it? I received a lot of emails lately asking how I've been doing. So I thought I'd give you an update. Even though I haven't gotten a chance to email all of you back, I appreciate every email I've gotten!
5/6 - long island marathon
What struck me most about this book were the parallels to “The Help.” In both books, a white lady tells the story of poor and uneducated African Americans who suffered greatly but had significant influence on the lives of others. “The Help” was criticized by some for being “too easy” and smoothing over some things that would make some—well, let’s face it, white people—uncomfortable. The movie adaptation was worse in that regard, by the way. But “The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks” pulls no punches. It does not end neatly and happily. We meet flawed individuals and though we see glimmers of hope, we are reminded over and over again that life isn’t a fairy tale. The Lackses lived difficult and complicated lives and Skloot lays it all out there. Thank god. The similarities are strong, though, and I believe that when you hold the two books next to one another, “The Help” pales in comparison. Of course, one is fiction and one is non-fiction, but without question, the story that will stay with me is the story of Henrietta, and not the story of Aibileen.
I used my own puff pastry which I made several days ahead and store in the freeze before I use it.If you don't have the time to make your own homemade puff pastry,you can buy it in the supermarket but sure enough the one I made can achieve similar crispiness as well.In this recipe all you need is 1 rectangular section of puff pastry,some good quality Almond Flakes and some coarse sugar for topping.
The band finished up their set with the piano heavy “Devil’s Work”, but promptly came back out for an encore and ended the night with a bass-centric rendition of their biggest hit “Animal”. The song’s bouncing hook was given a gritty new bass feel, and people let out their last bursts of dancing energy while jumping up and singing along to an expanded version of the popular song. It was a perfect way to end the night.
WAY out in San Fernando Valley, where the 118 meets the 210 on Glenoaks.
That’s both good and bad news for independent and self-publishers in the Netherlands. The secret is how the publishing and retail environments will be best harnessed and developed.
We arrived safely on top of LeConte and stopped at the LeConte Lodge picnic tables for a snack and a drink, and to enjoy the sunshine. After a rest we headed a little further up the trail to see the Mt. LeConte shelter and then took the side trail to Cliff Tops to see the view (which was awesome). From there we headed back down the trail. It was absolutely packed today with folks going down from the LeConte Lodge or heading up to the LeConte Lodge or just taking a beautiful day for a hike. It was great to spend a day in the mountains with my buddy Tim, and I look forward to more hikes with him in the near future.
Here are my playoff hopes. I want the bowls to be involved. Have a bowl season leading up to a 4-team playoff. The playoff would rotate at the sites of the current BCS bowls (wouldn’t mind seeing the Fiesta replaced with the Cotton either, but that’s another story). More than 4 teams would diminish the regular season I feel. Personally, I’d like to see the playoff selection process done Mike Slive’s way: top four ranked teams rather than a “conference champion” requirement. This would also keep polling in place, which has always been a staple of college football. Even though people would still complain, I think you get a more legitimate national champion. My 4-team playoff for 2011 would have been LSU, Alabama, Oklahoma State and Stanford. Oregon would have been mad, but, you’ll never please everyone, even with a playoff. Bottom line is, someone’s always going to feel left out (5th ranked team in a four team scenario, 9th ranked team in an eight team scenario, etc.).
It tickles me that I'm using the fastest communication to support the slowest; I check my email and twitter several times a day (oh, the vagaries of an iphone) but nothing is quite the same as pulling a personally addressed envelope from the mail. It's grounding in a way that all this electronic communication is so much fairyfloss. Hit the delete button and it's gone, might never have existed. This envelope in my hands? Just to walk to the bin requires my active engagement, participation with measurable action.
This advice has helped me keep my sanity this week and my anxiety at bay. Keep it simple. Easier said then done sometimes, but very powerful nonetheless.
“Last year I hired one of your competitors to do the same thing for half your price.”
The next item on the agenda was the chapter election. Donna announced that she would be stepping down as Chapter Chair at the end of her term. Donna announced the slate of officers for the new business year and asked for a vote. The new panel of officers was voted in unanimously. You’re new slate of officers for the 2012-2013 business year are:
I'm not trying to be anything near a domestic goddess. If I can make it to the supermarket, wash my clothes, and cook a few meals, then the week has been a success. But, the house is a bloody pigsty and I don't know how I can find the time to clean it. The cat is moulting everywhere. The floor needs sweeping and I can't remember when it last saw a mop. I desperately need to fix the drawers that are falling out of my wardrobe, and the bathroom needs a good scrub.
Over the hill bear
1/4c. Garlic powder
In our national polling for Daily Kos Barack Obama has hit a record low approval rating 3 weeks in a row now. He's gone from 43/53 to 42/53 to now 42/54 in our poll this week.
Mums of teenage boys, please impart your wisdom.
The group is in favour of direct military intervention, and their money funds the Ugandan government’s army and various other military forces. Here’s a photo of the founders of Invisible Children posing with weapons and personnel of the Sudan People’s Liberation Army. Both the Ugandan army and Sudan People’s Liberation Army are riddled with accusations of rape and looting, but Invisible Children defends them, arguing that the Ugandan army is “better equipped than that of any of the other affected countries”, although Kony is no longer active in Uganda and hasn’t been since 2006 by their own admission.
In the second place, the Turk’s Koran, or creed, teaches him to destroy not only the Christian faith, but also the whole temporal government. His Mohammed, as has been said, commands that ruling is to be done by the sword, and in his Koran the sword is the commonest and noblest work.
2. We spend much of this novella attending Regency England Christmas celebrations…The mistletoe, the yule log, lots of mulled beverages and holly abound. Is there a reason why you were drawn to write a story set at Christmas time? and What are your favorite Christmas traditions? Pictures please, if appropriate.
Who’s my NEIGHBOR, I’m Your NEIGHBOR
The obscenities of the first night are scarcely utterable, but they afforded us the opportunity to explore the belly of the beast (maybe the only way to really explore the city is to psych yourself up to a state of desperation). Walking through the confusing hallways of slot machines I was struck by the thought that everyone looked like the picture of Dorian Gray. Not the elegant Mr. Gray himself, but his picture that slowly deteriorates as he stays young. The casinos psychotropic beauty seems timeless, while the mortality of its patrons, painfully obvious. I watched as my friends slowly lost their money in roulette, but killed it in craps, which even an amateur gambler knows is the only place where you can win money. Also, there is no way roulette is not rigged by the little minions behind the cameras clumsily littering the ceilings. My friend put 100 on black and I’m sure the ball would end up on red 80% of the time. Even if it didn’t, we as players would lose in the long run, all collectively losers.
Of all the breweries I toured in my three weeks in England, Scotland, France, and Belgium, Rodenbach was the most awe-inspiring. Every older brewery I visited discussed the balance between tradition and efficiency--such an important consideration for a commercial enterprise. Rodenbach is off the charts in terms of the expense and inefficiency it takes them to produce a single bottle of beer. No modern company would or could consider the Rodenbach model. The vats alone cost thousands (tens of thousands?) of dollars, never mind the cellar space. Add to that the notion of vatting beer for two years--it's an absurdly expensive venture. And yet here the brewery is, putting beer in vats and then trying to compete in a marketplace where industrial lagers can be made for a tiny fraction of the cost.
My image soon to be ash
TC: I wish I was older, like 9 like E.
romantic and dare I say, Sexy, hotel...
These will be stuffed into the turkey and cooked at the same time, the nut stuffing in the neck cavity and the parsley, lemon & thyme into the body.
I canNOT believe that I'll be boarding a plane in less than 4 hours! And in less than 24 hours... I'll be banded! Although the wait has been long, it feels like it flew by (now-- when I was waiting, it DRAGGED).
Revelation 3:20 is such a well-known passage. Almost every Christian has it memorized. The words immediately preceding it are less familiar:
But I have the current disadvantage of working for incompetents, which makes it terribly easy for me to drink a lot.
The Republican primary is over…thank god. Well, at least it’s realistically over, if not technically over. I think Mitt Romney’s victory in the Republican primary has cemented Barack Obama as a two-term president. Mitt is boring, stiff, and totally uncharismatic. He’s out of touch with most people, and it’s palpable. While Republicans will fall in line for the most part, Romney does not excite the base, and independents are not fooled by the back and forth (etch-a-sketch) stances on every issue; they see Romney as being hollow, and blowing with the political winds of popularity. While the election will probably be close – all modern day presidential elections are – President Obama will reinvigorate Democrats (and the nation as a whole) with a charismatic campaign (even while he’s been unable to excite us as president).
Beervana described the Hot Scotchy as "The Greatest Beverage in the World." Perhaps the most popular beer cocktail to date, made with hot unfermented beer and Scotch. It may be the perfect winter brewers beverage.
I make believe that you are here
In the first example we see the confidence and assurance that comes from surrender to and trust in the Lord and his Holy Word.
When the Communists left, they either did not notice, or didn't pay any attention to a small girl praying in the back of the Church who saw everything that had happened. That night the little girl came back. Slipping past the guard at the priest's house, she went inside the Church. There she made a holy hour of prayer, an act of love to make up for the act of hatred.
Steven has also stepped into something new in the past month since school has been out. Steven has this great knack of meeting people, especially in Dallas. Since we've moved here in February, he's made great friends with our neighbors upstairs. He's befriended several homeless people (which he knows by name). And has managed to make friends with several store owners in our neighborhood. One of those is Tom Jon. (Yes, he has two first names... I asked too) Tom Jon owns an eclectic shop around the corner from our house where he sells random odds and ends and his own clothing line. For the past several months, Steven goes in to just talk to him about life and Dallas and his store. Last month Tom Jon offered Steven a job the DAY he needed one. We are excited to see how the Lord is using this shop to build friendships with other people in the neighborhood and open the door for the gospel to be spread. I must brag on my husband here for a moment: this man knows how to accept people where they are and at the same time show them the light and love of Jesus.
"They are yellow!"
Sounds like the hall was empty. The recorder must have been very close to Peter Hook - his base is incredibly clear.
New York City in the late 1960s and early 1970s was a hard place to live—it was a volatile city reacting to the dynamics of the Civil Rights movement, the Women’s movement, and the Vietnam War; it was a city crippled by social disorder, struggling to merge its diverse and divisive populations; it was a city rife with crime, economic stagnation, and palpable unrest. It was an ugly, crumbling city. And at the same time, it was a city of artists, actors, musicians, and writers. It was a city of activists, passionate in their dreams for a better future. It was a city receptive to new ideas. I was born and grew up in this city and I attended elementary school at the Manhattan Country School--a school founded in 1966 upon the principals of Martin Luther King, Jr and reflecting the vision of the Civil Rights Movement. The school set out to teach students in a community with no racial majority and broad economic diversity, and to instill in students a desire to champion justice, compassion, and peace, and the rights of all people to equity.
To play along, just make a paper creation following our theme. Post it to your blog or online gallery (no backlinking please... ) and enter only once. You don't have to use a Sassy Cheryl image, but we love when you do and if you do, we'll give you two spots in our drawing.
ROMNEY: And we know what it takes to put people back to work. He said some of those things last night — lowering corporate taxes, lowering regulations, opening up all of the above in energy, cracking down on China. He just doesn’t do any of those things, and if I’m president, I will do those things and I’ll get you back to work.
6. Chocolate chip cookies right out of the oven are the best!
This was a great shop. Technically you didn’t even have to leave the car! Derek parked the car in front of the shop. The shop assistant looked at him. Derek showed him his left hand with all five fingers spread out, indicating that he wanted 5 chickens and the shop assistant quickly prepared the order. All the chickens were already packed in boxes and bags so all the shop assistant needed to do was bring them over to the boot which Derek had already opened, as you can see here. We could smell the chicken when we were sitting in the car.
When my anxiety is really high my blood sugar tends to drop more quickly and out of nowhere. This is hard to explain to someone that doesnt experience this but there is like this point where if it gets that low, eating doesnt help. It does, as in Im not going to pass out, throw up or have a seizure or something anymore, but I feel like I need to keep eating but no matter how much I eat I only feel better to a certain point, I feel like hell for the rest of the day. This happens every time that I have therapy. 2 hours for group is really pushing my limits, so any longer than that really isnt possible.
I don't know how but I stayed calm throughout. But I was pretty dang mad about it.
(Check dishwasher, could see obvious signs of yellow liquid)
RYAN: Today’s wine is my 2010 Weka Ranch Vineyard Chardonnay from the Oak Knoll District of Napa Valley. Coming into harvest I was out in the vineyard daily, walking and tasting. Once I started noticing honeysuckle and bright pear flavors in the grapes, I knew we were good to go. We got them off the vine and into the winery, where we began with a gentle whole cluster pressing. The juice was fermented cold and slow in neutral oak barrels and small stainless steel drums, capturing the full aromatic potential of the grapes. This was followed by a partial malolactic fermentation and six months of aging on the lees. As a result the wine exhibits layers of bright fruit, rounded acidity, and a solid mid-palate.
“Olivia Diaz. Come with me.”
I dont aim to come off whinny… but somedays I just feel – well, whinny. My dad called it wearing your “Poor lil ole Me” shirt. I have a long sleeve button up shirt on – flannel cause it’s cold again – but it’s hidden underneath. Obviously.
They use only the best all-natural and organic ingredients that will assist in your pets nutritional needs, without any artifcial preservatives, meat by-products or meals. This truly makes THINKERS the smart treat for your pet, with a taste that'll have their tail wagging every time they see the bag.
30. New Scooby Doo Movies
An “if” clause is an extraordinarily bad thing to leave out of a quote. If I had to be a type of cheese, being Swiss is best. What makes this tragic is that King had the ability to say precisely what he meant, with enormous impact. The culprit? Not, as she notes, the scholars consulting on the project, who employed the full quotation. She had no answer at the time, and simply called for correction: “I say, let’s undo the mistake. Let’s get the chisels back out.”
Tx #5
This year poor John's birthday is two days before his sister's wedding...how do you even compete with that?!
Enter the cynic. LOL
I like to decorate the tree in red and gold. This year we got the star for the top. I love to put a star on the top of the tree because it seems fitting for Christmas. We are not big on the religious aspect of Christmas (I was raised a Buddhist) but I do think that when we celebrate what is for me a celebration of light in the darkest time of the year, a star is fitting.
I love you Carter. I should probably get ready for bed. Abby is sleeping for now, but that probably won't last so I should get ready while I can! I love you, I love you, I love you!
With 3,890 female officers guarding some 12,000 men, outlaw love blossoms. “It’s a soap opera,” Dickinson says.
I am going to leave you with an image I found on Pinterest recently...it sums up how I am feeling lately. I used to think I had to be that "perfect" mom, my family had to be that "perfect" family, our house had to look "perfect" all the time, I found this and realized that I was spending WAY TOO MUCH time worrying about everything being "perfect" that I was missing out on everything right in from of me.
I can’t seem to stray too far away from posting about blushers.. Considering my immense case of blush-crush, I guess you’ll have to bear with me as I have such a backlog of blushers to post about.. lol..
Thank you Sandi for sponsoring us again.
...the adoption fell through. she has over $13,000 in her adoption fund, just waiting on her forever family. so please spread the word any way that you can. we need to find this angel a home before she is transferred to an institution. please go to patti's blog to find out more....
REPORT ON THE MALT LIQUORS SOLD IN THE UNITED KINGDOM:
Dorie's Notes: The look of this pie is sumptuous, its texture silky and its lime-ginger flavor big, bright and sassy. While I’m happy to have a lemon meringue pie any time of the year, I save this pie for summer because, as fresh as lime and ginger taste on their own, when they’re mixed together, they turn uber-zingy and so cool you’d think they’d been in the deep freeze. It may be an illusion, but one you’ll be happy to play along with on a sweltering day.
Morning Hydrangea
14. Kingston Caribe (Live)
Thanks to the talented Anna Mac for her expertise and help. (What size shirt do you wear, Anna?)
Perhaps it was Malcolm’s dream house.
Me: Fair?
The place is not entirely finished because there are still pieces that needs to be put up and there are some areas still close for the public. Nevertheless, it was an organized and a fun place to be.
I instinctively switched on the stereo to my car and the radio crackled into life. The radio announcer was talking in a cheery voice, “and now for all you night owls out there. One from the King of Pop” and the strains of “Human Nature” rang out. I sat there in disbelief.
I’ll be able to run and play tag with Haley; in my new body I’ll have great legs again. Most precious of all will be seeing our little Jocelyn. She died when she was two months old. We look forward to running with her and giving her all the hugs we’ve missed here on earth.
Dessert by Chef Laura Sawacki at La Condesa was Soncrest Farms smoked egg parfait, marcona almond, Oakhill Farms strawberrry, pickled mustard seed, and smoked sea salt. To someone who doesn't know Chef Laura's style, that might sound a bit daunting and completely unconventional. Let me tell you straight up that Laura is not traditional, but she is downright amazing. This dessert paired sour, sweet, spicy, smoke with creamy, sticky, cold, and crunchy into something fantastic that words cannot describe. I have to hand it to Austin pastry chefs. They can get downright creative and pull off crazy concoctions.
Patton Oswalt closed the show with an amazing set. He clearly ran out of newer material and pulled out older stuff (he's incredibly prolific) to satisfy the appreciative audience. I think he should record his next album in Austin. At one point he had a, well, not a heckler per se, but a guy interrupting him drunkenly shouting, "Retarded Chewbacca!"
big eyes shining up in the first full moonlight of spring.
When Have the Cake decided to make rugelach as their monthly bake, I was overjoyed. I grew up, eating rugelach. I know how good it can be as well as how versatile it is. You can fill it with a variety of wondrous ingredients. I like it with apricot which is why I chose the apricot chocolate. It is wonderful, as well, with red jams, strawberry or raspberry.Throw in some nuts and, the wow factor goes to work.
- pinking shears
The same applies to the much longer marathon. When running a “loop” course, any steady winds that aid on one side of the loop are negated when running into them on the opposite side of the loop. On a “point to point” course one can take advantage of favoring winds for miles – as was the case in Monday’s race.
This year, I changed things up on the front porch. Having a son and son-in-law in the Army, I went with a more patriotic theme.
Just to give you an idea, in the apartment, we used to have our treadmill in the bedroom, along with all of these wardrobe cabinets and the rest of it. We had more than enough room within the bedroom. It was everywhere else that was the problem ;)
My friend Connie thinks that's a stupid idea
Add 3/4 cup of the kale mixture to the sausage and stir to combine. Add the peppers and cook for another two to three minutes, then add the stock and reduce the heat to a simmer. You will need to stir often to prevent the sauce from sticking.
Next time I will talk about the the last 4 years, Alison and I's experiences here in Canada with Chicks, Sheep and Immigration!!!
-The Dark Side Of The Moon, 2003 documentary (25 min EPK)
This happens frequently in divorce situations when one party leaves the marital home and does not take everything with them that they need. Your spouse might be angry and not let you in to the house and you of course don’t want to risk having the cops called.
This now goes against very obvious evidence to the contrary.
Mogens Olesen, University of Copenhagen. “Epi-genetic Media”: Digital Media as a Cultural Selection Mechanism
THE PRESIDENT: Our biggest priority as an administration is getting the economy back on track and putting people back to work. Now, without relitigating the past, I’m absolutely convinced, and the vast majority of economists are convinced, that the steps we took in the Recovery Act saved millions of people their jobs or created a whole bunch of jobs.
They also assume that the average meat consumption of each person in the developed world will rise from 78 kg per year in 2002 to 89 kg per year in 2030 and from 28 kg per year in 2002 to 37 kg per year for each person in the developing world.
Next week I'm running an intensive writing retreat on the sacred Isle of Iona, 'Islands of the Heart'. Usually I come here afterwards; this year I'm appreciating the break in the relentlessness of my recent life as a prelude to that. And the little converted 'blackhouse' (ex-fishing croft) I'm staying in has all I need, in its simplicity, and more. (No, it's a little more sophisticated than this one above, however.)
When I made the decision to leave K for the academic advising job across the street, that meant moving out of the on-campus apartment. The great thing about working in Residential Life is that it is field-standard to provide Hall Directors (or, in my case, Area Coordinators) with a furnished apartment and meal plan as part of their compensation package. Not having to buy a ton of furniture right out of grad school (and incur more debt on top of school loans) was awesome. One of my goals was to gradually transition my own furniture into the apartment (some inherited furniture from family and some bought on my own) and have the College put theirs in storage so that when I did eventually move out – I wouldn’t have to buy everything in the world at once.
Why? It could be because I know what the ingredients are, but I can’t help but think that the almond taste is too strong–not in an unpleasant way, but strong in the sense that it is crowding out the Earl Grey and Cardamom flavours. I do think it helps keep the texture of these very moist, though, so I have to figure out how to retain this if I opt for less or no almonds in the future.
This thing was situated in mirrors so you could see the skull from every angle. And it rotated. But that eyeball?
What do you get out of conferences that you don't get out of chatting online and emailing and MyFacing?
Midway Madness is designed with all kinds of fun outings in mind: carnivals, county fairs, theme parks, amusement parks, and even end-of-the-year carnivals at school! Wherever you can find a funnel cake, you can find a use for this new collection.
So the first game rolled around and Robert had wisely put me as an alternate, playing the position of right field (which if you have read before is the flowers and my preferred place of action). Batting once and knocking that sucker on the first swing.. I may have gotten a little cocky and let’s just say it might have created my downfall for the rest of the season.. We’ll see.
For the next three weeks, we'll be going "MAD" with a few different themes! We will draw ONE RANDOM WINNER who completes ALL THREE THEMES and the prize?
1) You must have 100+ blog followers on your blog
A: Resolutely shutting your eyes to scientific fact.
How to Stop Severe Underarm Sweating
These are the ingredients that are used to make vegetarian bak chang.
Just as important as pens and pencils is a good supply of paper. Several different types of paper should be kept in the home. Construction paper is one of the most useful and inexpensive school supplies that can be purchased. It can take heavy mediums like poster paints and can also be used with crayons or colored pencils. Plain white paper and lined paper are also good to stock because they can sometimes fit a specific need that a child has when attempting to express an idea.
Getting accepted into my first-choice college might not seem like a big deal to you. But a long road of praying, trusting, and defining my goals led to that moment. I wanted more than anything to be led on the path that God had set for me. When I found Psalm 138:8, it was as though God was whispering each word in my ear. “The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me; your steadfast love, O Lord, endures forever. Do not forsake the work of your hands.”
at the same shows, the same restaurants, just a
As a former farmworker child, my family and I were helped by the services AFOP members provide to farmworker families. But AFOP did much more than that — they helped me break the generational cycle of poverty my family was trapped in. They taught me computer skills, gave me the tutoring I needed to graduate from high school, trained and placed me in a job that helped me pay for college, and something nobody else had ever done: they made me feel like I mattered. They made me see my potential; they helped me believe I could be more than just another farmworker statistic. They helped me find my voice and enabled me to share my story with others who didn’t understand the barriers farmworker children face every day that keep them from getting their education. They empowered me and it is because of their support and confidence in my abilities that I became the fierce advocate for farmworker children’s rights I am today.
Average mortgage life today is somewhere between five and 10 years. At 10 years the break-even rate rises to 8.02 percent, and at five years, it jumps to 13.69 percent — a whopping 9.69 percent above the rate on the 30-year loan.
Tensions were exploited by far-Right groups who waved anti-Muslim placards outside Liverpool Crown Court and marched on the takeaways named in the case three days after the trial started.
I’ve owned a Nikon F2 Photomic 35mm SLR for over thirty years. If you are familiar with pre-digital 35mm SLR cameras, you are probably knowledgeable of the ease of determining the depth of field and pre-setting the focus of the lens. At first it seemed very complicated to learn the terms f-stop or aperture, speed and ASA film speed.
D enjoyed her day (bullying child was watched closely) but as she was coming out of school with her TA, the transport escorts were surging in and that is one of her anxieties – people being too close – she collapsed to the floor – football diver style – and it took a while to persuade her that it was okay and she was safe.
This rough list helps me to visualize what I have to thaw and when, what I need to do the day before, can I get things done in the morning that would make dinner easier, and am I going to be out for the day to see if I could switch an easier meal for that day.
1 ducked
1 cutting
But my cousin told me Saudi Arabia is even WORSE it’s like drivers are TRYING to kill pedestrians
TOSHIBA AND MICROSOFT COZY UP: Toshiba and Microsoft have signed a patent cross-licensing deal enabling the two companies to use each other's patents freely in the computer and audiovisual equipment sectors.
I eagerly await the arrival of the next issue. If it doesn't show up in the mail on Friday, I'm desolate until Saturday when I hear the mail carrier open that mail slot. And if it's not there and I have to wait until Monday? Oh, the humanity!
IP: There should be more hustings. Huge wards – we need to get out more.
Experts say the issue could eventually reach the U.S. Supreme Court.
Thanks again to my sweet co-worker, Mr. Baker, for the fabulous tickets. As always, we had two of the best seats in the house!
Meanwhile his uncle (oblivious) flips magazine pages portraying
Paris – Third Wave – with peaceful country roads, bike paths in the country and a 20 kms. long canal system to get you to the Gare de l’Est train station. It is a 33 kms. cycle with a bakery along the way and is most peaceful. Only the first 250 metres of the cycle at the airport has traffic and it is not much. For instructions, just search the Internet. A cyclist has done a great job of documenting the route.
The racial motive was made quite clear in court when Advocate deputy, Mark Stewart, asked Mohammed, if it was it an Asian boy, a Chinese boy, a black boy they sought? Mohammed replied "A white boy".
Monday, July 11: Starting at 2 p.m., Ginger Man, will feature rum barrel aged Winter Stout, Divine Reserve No. 11 on cask, bourbon barrel imperial stout on cask, and an auction. One dollar per pint plus a portion of auction proceeds will be donated to TCH IBD Clinic.
pinch cumin
CA-02 Wally Herger NY-17 Eliot Engel
Customer experience research can help boost loyalty and drive desired behaviors by helping your organization answer these questions:
Foul Line - The black line at the start of the lane.
How do I explain to people why I can’t remember things?
I hope that's really what it's like where she is. It was beautiful and amazing.
Already 35 (and a half), and still self-conscious? Unfortunately, yes. I also pray for myself, to move from this self-centered and self-conscious frame of mind, into a place of genunine peace with who I am, not who I'm becoming, not who I was, but who and where I am right now. A place where doing laundry, picking up toys, wiping noses, fixing lunches, and then doing it all again the next day doesn't feel awkward. A place where I'm happy with myself and the plan that God has for me. Right now.
Or perhaps you need to work through issues of self-worth, abundance, creativity, addictions, etc. The resources or people you need to helpyou move through these issues start to appear.
On a trip to the post office I was heading back to the towers when from my vantage point that was the elevated train platform i saw this corner store...
The Land of Hatchy Milatchy
Aslo note that today is the digi release day over at Whimsy. All the Whimsy artists have new digi's in the catalogue today. I have four new digi's pictured below, all snowmen images. Here is the link to my digital line at Whimsy Stamps:
I think the matte black is a cool look, especially for my entry. If I want the mirror gold again though when we move, it would be easy to leaf right over the black. The color contrast would be great actually, so no harm done.
Nae man can tether (tie up) time or tide;
Free, with a take-a-book, leave-a-book ethos, The 100 Story House is one of a string of projects aiming to get physical books into more physical hands.
While their hard dipped ice-creams are what makes them famous they only started serving soft serve a few months ago, so we went for that. (The fact that the soft-serve line was only half the length certainly was a bonus on a cold July night!) I ordered a malted vanilla and it was fabulous, silky in texture and deeply perfumed with my favorite flavor.
Hobby- Sports, any activity outside, soccer, riding bike
“Have you tried pressing the ON button?”
The lip gloss retails for $5.00, and right now they are buy one get one free. A great deal, in my opinion! I'm really happy with these. I think in the last six months Hot Topic has really turned around with the quality of their items. I'm really looking forward to more shades!
“A man with no alibi”
My talk with him that night placed a smiled in my heart. A smile that no distraction, no forceful matter can ever erase. He actually had his best suit on. He had a clipboard and a pen on his hand and it made him seem like he was actually noting everything down. In all honesty, the sight of him would make any older brother proud.
John J. Doherty, 58, Hartsdale, N.Y.
The workout I completed today is Sexy Girl Crush and then I completed a 9 minute ab challenge. It's posted on the same page. If you scroll down you'll see it. Needless to say, the workout was a real butt kicker today. The sweat today was disgusting, I mean running down my stomach and face, man sweat kinda sweat. I jumped in the shower immediately afterwards! The kiddos were down for naps so it was easier. Then after dinner we took a family walk (our doggie included) and it was hot outside.I have a feeling we're going to have a pretty intense summer.
02. Son Of A Poor Man
Taste/Scent - roll once for taste and once for scent if you're cruel. Definitely some Bertie Bott's action going on here.
Paul Hjartarson, University of Alberta,
Saturday- Shout Outs!
But onto the stitching. I've already shown you Elaine's squares for me. These are what I've stitched for her.
Or would you cry your heart out because you love me more now than before?
At night Fort George Avenue became a car stripper’s haven and the metal carcasses that resulted from the malicious endeavors ended up in the woods behind the parks. In the daytime they became the tools that spurred boyhood fantasies into moments of fleeting reality.
Anyway, so now we're learning about praying mantises and how magnificent they are.
New Charter Members will receive a free Black Star Co-op pint glass or t-shirt, as will Joining Members who make a payment and fulfill their investment. If you can't make it out to the Beer Social, we are extending the offer of a free pint glass or t-shirt to all new Charter Members who join on the website between now and the end of the Beer Social Saturday night. Join the Co-op at:
July 26 – Atlanta, GA @ Aaron’s Ampitheater at Lakewood
I really liked this book and highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of C. S. Lewis’ The Screw Tape Letters. As One Devil to Another is also a great read for pastors, teachers, etc. who are looking for a reminder or need a refresher on just how easily we are deceived. I give it 5 Stars.
Now on to this fortnights Challenge
There were some amazing entries last week for our ongoing anything goes theme for February dont forget to keep an eye out for the winner of last weeks challenge and the top 5
And that is the part I am learning to listen to when making the choice about (a lot of things but particularly) spending time with specific men. Get this: I have come to believe it really IS this SIMPLE:
That now hallowed ground I had once walked on, eyes up where the twin towers held up the sky, was raw like a vulture’s leftover meal — the vulture that had zipped into it from the same sky.
My shopping completed I walked up to the house to do some cleaning. When I first visited the house, the floor was covered with dust, leaves and droppings that looked like they came from small rats or large mice. Neighbor Bill talked to one of our neighbors and learned to my relief that the droppings are actually from bats. Bats don’t present a problem as when the house is semi-occupied they will find a new spot to spend their days. Bill also told me that at dusk there are hundreds of small bats and many large ones all around the property doing their evening hunting. As he described them I think the larger ones may be fruit bats.
Looking at the clock, and feeling how I'm not really in the mood to write about EVERYTHING, maybe I'll just give some little captions to all these pictures and call it a night. How does that sound? Let's face it, no one likes reading this anyway, right?!
-- Running out of the bathroom, Jonah yells, "MOOOMMMMM! It's big so I need to scare it small again!" (Oh yes. We're talking the 'down there' big.) Poor Mommy.
What was your path like this last week?
Do young men really want to return to the good old days of being the sole provider for a houseful of dependents?
"We were not comfortable in terms of preparations. People have been told that he won't be coming any more," said the league's additional member to the national executive committee Khusela Sangoni.
14. Mama's Little Girl
PREVIEW: FALL 2012
The System: Well...really this doesn't matter too much. Just about anything that allows flexible, creative solutions to problems. PDQ would be great obviously, or something like my own still-in-progress DRIVE system. Heck, this might be a perfect fit for Donjon as well. Nothing point-buy based or class-based however. Adventure Time is too crazy awesome to be held down by such things.
The concept is Home Theater in a Box or HTiB is very popular but often difficult to achieve. Yamaha has managed to create a system that’s both affordable, easy, and satisfying. Yamaha’s patented Advanced Active Servo Technology (Advanced YST) generates incredible bass from small speaker enclosures. The system delivers a total of 900 Watts to 5.1 channels for dynamic home-theater performance. It includes a digitally-tuned AM/FM receiver and an (up to) 5 Disc multi-format DVD – CD pl… Read More >>
But I also did the math.
“If by that you mean am I in a relationship, yes I am,” I lied.
No wonder y’all think there’s a mancession. I always say NO relationship is better than a bad one. I was proud of her ….she turned his wildly piss poor offer down.
please send us an email with your address please, we send you the markers.
An excerpt from that "Nothing to see here folks - Mexicans stopped invading last year, the Pew Hispanic Center tells us that Mexicans swarming into the USA are no longer a threat, and anybody who says so is a hopeless low-IQ bigot" article :
I trust that you will have a wonderful Lord’s Day!
Palms’ debut album will be issued by ISIS’ former label, Ipecac Recordings, and is slated for a 2012 release with a release date to be announced soon. The album was recorded and mixed by Harris, and produced by Palms.
Arab leaders said that they feared the bombings were meant to sow discord between Iraqi Shias and Sunni Muslims. Likewise both the Sunni and Shia leaders of Iraq have found it difficult to believe that Al-Qeada were behind the bombings. In that respect, the prayer leader, Syed Ahmed Bukhari at the Jama Masjid of India stated, “America is fully involved in sectarian violence” in Iraq.
You can read Kimberly Powell's About.com article for more details. What do you think about this move, and how much will it impact your research?
We had a great feed of galettes (buckwheat crêpes) washed down with a Breton beer (except for the kids, who had whiskey). Then we took a walk around inside the ramparts.
I reversed stamped the image, coloured using copics and lots of spica, though it was hard to get a photo due to them being laminated
23. What was your favorite TV program?
Today I skipped breakfast (BAD!) but had another small wrap like yesterday for lunch. Now to figure out something that won't kill me for supper.
It has been so long since I have written anything of depth, substance, or anything at all really.
My parents always tried to make sure we each got a different variety of Peeps, but as there were only three or four colours of the chicks back then, some of us got the bunnies instead. Personally, I prefer the chicks because I like the differing thickness of the marshmallow, whereas the bunnies are the same thickness all the way through. I only got the bunnies once and threw such a fit about it (before even bothering to make a trade with my brother who found the chicks “too creepy to eat”) that my parents never made that mistake again.
This delicately coloured portrait of a young girl on glass belongs to Nigel Aspdin, and he believes it to be one of two sisters Christina or Elizabeth Slater of Derby. Christina and Elizabeth, then aged five and three, are shown living with their parents John and Ann Slater and two younger brothers in Fowler Street, Derby in the 1851 Census. I'd say this young girl is about seven or eight years old, which fits fairly well with my estimated date for the portrait of between 1854 and 1858, based on the clothing, hair and sitting styles. Unfortunately the sisters are too close in age for me to be able to deduce which is shown in the portrait without further information.
I always wonder how she could survive for any amount of time on the "mean streets" of Chicago, especially being an unspayed female who clearly never had puppies. Then I realized, even on the streets, no one messes with Miss M.
So, I’ve thought about it and I’ve decided to move the blog.
These weapons will obviously carry vital forensic clues – i.e. if the clues were not contaminated too much by excessive handling.
Sometimes it rings when I’m at home and for a range of different reasons, but it tends to be one of two types of officer ringing. Senior investigating officers for serious crime inquiries involving mentally disorder offenders where a ‘sectioning’ process is proving difficult against a backdrop of PACE (custody) timelimites; OR duty inspectors to whom frontline officers have referred numerous types of problems needing answers and leadership.
6: Determination Theory
Before Mark Twain was a genial, white-haired, much-beloved raconteur, he was a hard-drinking, hot-tempered, pipe-puffing reporter with "mutton chop" sideburns and no mustache. (left) He lived in Virginia City (famous for being the setting of the TV series Bonanza) and he wrote for the Territorial Enterprise Newspaper. The Comstock, as that region was called, was wild and woolly, full of "thieves, murderers, desperadoes, ladies, children, lawyers, Christians, Indians, Spaniards, gamblers, sharpers, coyotes, poets, preachers, and jackass rabbits." Despite this rich vein of journalistic gold, Sam Clemens – who had not yet adopted the pseudonym Mark Twain – was not afraid of slandering local residents or even of making up hoax stories to fill blank pages of the paper.
i feel a sense of discomfort for societies perception…
I’m not even really supposed to parody Eminem songs,
And of course, all this has implications for the New Media age. McLuhan discussed media in terms of “extensions” of our very nature as humans. They–whether the telegraph or telescope, pen or iPad–are prosthetic devices that not only enable us to do things we’ve never done and go to places (like space) we’ve never been, but also change our very being. There are no secondary appendages that can be taken on and off willy-nilly while the core remains unchanged. Once the technological, prosthesis of media is in place, everything is changed and there is no going back.
Kevin L. Bowser, 45, Philadelphia, Pa.
· Bing Crosby
However, a confidential memorandum made available to Asia Sentineland Free Malaysia Today states that: “The beneficiaries of these funds are not difficult to imagine: the family clan and Razak Baginda relations. In addition, these funds will find their way to the dominant political party (Umno).”
Even though it's a fight, Pyle picked a moment where the two pirates seem to be "deadlocked" in combat - they seem to be at a moment where they're both frozen still, trying to overpower the other. So even in a fight, Pyle has picked the most static kind of moment possible - not like in the "Pulp Cover" style, where the painters seem to try and paint their figures in the middle of a violent action, like firing a gun or slashing someone with a knife.
Monaco What do you want from me? UK
For years I 'experimented' in the studio, to get that Flemish painter's light? Well, I was born in Flanders, it must be in my blood? LOL.
When I found this post a while back, I simply loved it. It deals with just that subject, and does so in such a wonderfully positive, pro-people way. It reads in part:
It's not fancy. You can't swap out the thread for a different types of heads, and power wise...it didn't like it when I plopped it down right in the middle of some thick stuff...you had to work your way in from the side.
"We are all fine.." he said impatiently "Captain, did you get any information on the whereabouts of my parents?"
It was nice to have left my comfort zone, but the Hanumi quartet’s performance just was not enough to my liking, to attend another of their concerts.
Like two in separating souls.
B-Side from WAR, "Somme, Maggio" leads in with a distorted keyboard melody that builds in simple loops, bassy low end busted kick bassline rumbles drone in under this repetition. Completely destroyed, all the speakers are blown. It's inherently got this kind of tension because it's already broken... where else can it go? The delay on the vocal is pushed straight to 11, any words bouncing into each other... the most dystopian view of music, hell, all of humanity to come up with something as alien and dehumanizing as this. Even black metal is created by real people, even if they are worshipping the devil, I can stil relate to them more than this in a weird way. This to me is far creepier, the starkness, the way it's so broken, impossible to decode, deceptive, hyptnotic, and probably one man projects which is even more insane diving into this singualrly black hole mind. Truly original, I have to her more from both of these guys. When the track sounds finally fade out the low end hum is unbelievable. It's amazing what you can get used to.
1. Sam Lacour (O) 39; 2. Carmin Garrity-Gemei (O) 41; 3. Tyler Gillman (CH) 48; 4. DJ Fredrich (CH) 53; 5. Dan Habilo (CH) 54; 6. Andy Perez (O) 54; 7. Joe Pugliesi (CH) 61; 8. Billy Vlad (CH) 63; 9. Nick Rodwell (O) 63; 10. Steven Daprino (O) 63.
how lonely it is only to hear cicadas cry.
If this isn't the revolution of all revolutions, I don't know what is.
Once I did hear about Elsevier’s behaviour, I made a conscious decision not to publish in Elsevier journals and I started to feel bad about cooperating with them in any way. I didn’t go as far as to refuse, but if, say, I was asked to join the editorial board of an Elsevier journal and wasn’t quite sure I wanted to, then the fact that it was Elsevier was enough to make my mind up. (This actually happened. I was a little cowardly and gave it as an additional reason for reluctance rather than the main reason, but I did at least mention it.) I am not knowingly on the editorial board of any Elsevier journal, and haven’t been in the past either.
David P. Crews
Day two in Penang brought a smell and feel to the senses that will be embedded in my memory for as long as I live. Penang and the port city of George Town, provides a variable cuisine and a rich history filled with UNESCO heritage sites.
On top of everything else that this incredible author has done, she gave me a copy of her new book "Chicken In The Car And Th Car Won't Go". OMW (OH MY WEASEL), this is an incredible guide to things to do and see in the Chicagoland area with teens and tweens. Most travel guides and tips for the area are centered around families with small children and focus on petting zoos. Melisa found a void when raising her own family and filled it! This book is full of information on things that to see and do that tweens and teens will enjoy as much as their parents!
Those are all real-life examples, with real-life former students. All of them have since graduated and gone on to do great things, and I like to think I played a small role in their success. The new policies would require me to turn my back on every one of those kids, and all the others who have come, and will come, after them.
Learn more about financing your long-term care by contacting the experienced elder law attorneys at Janna Dutton & Associates.
Nothing come’s easy and warriors never look for short cut’s for they know that laziness is a shortcut to misery.
John Woods - Drums
Well, my future (more on that later) looks like it will hold a requirement of two years of calculus, and I would like to be able to do advanced math somewhat confidently before then.
Yes, I’m serious about that. Nothing like getting a little muddy and kicking the ball around.
Bradley Harrington – Bass, Vocals
12 reached
31:26 Bonds Funk Band -sitting at the court hall
I really enjoyed this book. Does this mean that I am only as emotionally mature as a teenaged girl? I don't know, but I was intrigued by the relationship that this couple shared. I was proud when she stood up for herself, and I was glad that she knows herself. This is a book that I'm excited to pass on to my daughters to read.
One of the reasons I became a photographer after having many other careers was to have the freedom of lifestyle to travel when and where I wanted. While I've had plenty of opportunities to travel for work as a photographer, I quickly learned that it's much more fun to travel for pleasure with people I love. In the last few years, I've missed opportunities to travel with my husband because I've had jobs that hired me too far in advance for me to block dates off my calendar, or I wasn't going to be able to take off enough time to make it worth traveling to the other side of the world. When an opportunity came up to spend nearly 8 months of the year traveling the world- I had a big decision to make.
9. Lower your expectations, but never your standards. There is such a thing as the way things really are; truth is not all that complicated. (Neither is love: when someone has loved you, you know it.)
1. HALLELUJAH - ALEXANDRA BURKE (This one goes without saying)
One of my most memorable experiences was Stand up paddleboarding with Scott(another new experience). Scott scraped up his leg while surfing on his board and I jammed my toes pretty bad and it was still incredible!
Position: Drama, Dance,Vocal, Set/Costume Instructors for Musical Theatre Summer Camp
But, even as the TV networks ran up millions of dollars in expenses covering Monica and Paula, there was next to no attention to Whitehead’s religious-political goals. Those motives might normally have been expected to draw some interest, especially as the possibility grew that the Jones-Lewinsky controversy could lead to some form of impeachment proceedings against President Clinton (which it did later in 1998).
Another challenge is that South African festivals, bookers and promoters often make very safe choices. Who can blame them though as they are also just trying to map a buck. It’s frustrating though as this sees the same bands getting booked over and over again – the ones that are safe, upbeat, un-offensive & mainstream.
This past Saturday we took our annual (this is our second year and we plan to do it again next year, so that makes it "annual" now right?) trip out to Block Island, RI with the motorcycles.
The Barber of Birmingham: Foot Soldier of the Civil Rights Movement
I think that final note is a proper segue into the next section of the award ceremonies, if you'll allow me. Here are the 15 blogs that I find are exemplary in their work to showcase their love and passion for the genre. Without too much gushing, here they are...
He has no idea how badly—he hasn’t taken the time to inventory the injuries. Doesn’t want to. His physical pain is nothing compared to what he’s feeling inside. The way his emotions have been scrubbed raw, edges ragged. It’s a blazing white pain that blinds him from other thought, consumes his very being. He doesn’t think he’ll heal from this. Charlie tore the wound open years ago. But this…
I was glad the 12th was on a Saturday this month so I could record our typical Saturday activities. I captured photos of our house-cleaning and chores in the morning, the kids making a sign to welcome Dad home from a business trip, me cooking lunch, Faith playing with her toys and napping, and my hubby and I on a dinner date that night. Here's the May 2012 photo collage:
The most important thing I will ever do and can ever do is share, write, speak, and live fully from my heart. That is where the gospel of Christ is most heard. That is where deepest relationships form and grow. That is where I love well and can be loved well by others too. My heart is what others need. My heart is what matters most.
When you do a leash correction, make sure that you are not timid, anxious, nervous, or excited. As the leader, you need to be calm and assertive in your corrections or else your dog won’t take you seriously. If done correctly, with the right intensity and energy and timing, you should see your dog respond by lowering the head, looking at you, sitting down, or putting the ears back. A properly timed leash correction can change a dog’s behavior instantly and a smart dog needs only to be corrected in this way once or twice before getting the message that what they are doing is unacceptable behavior.
I send the Writing Survey home with my students as their first bit of Writing Workshop homework, and they have a weekend to complete it. For the first few years of teaching sixth grade, the survey I cobbled together using Nancie Atwell as a guide was fourteen questions long...too long. Many surveys came back with one line answers - especially from those students who who were struggling writers. More importantly, I didn't learn very much from these hurried responses. I'd read them through, learn a few things about a few students, and file them away.
"The disorderly development of the rare earth industry has caused enormous damage to the environment," Zhu said, warning
Publication Date: December 2, 2011
Fashionistas, it’s time to whip out our Louis Vuitton date books, and pencil in some very important dates.
Ronald C. Fazio, 57, Closter, N.J.
7) THE CARPENTERS "CHRISTMAS PORTRAIT"
My favorite part is that it really takes less time to whip up a card using just elements and not using my cricuts or cameo! And I can get my stash of cards built up.
Turkey………. and dressing
TIME: 6:30 PM
One night this week, my honey greeted me at the door with a Long Island Iced Tea. That was awesome.
It’s even hit beer. The 1,750 U.S. microbrewers may appear to operate in a competitive environment, but they nearly all sell through two distributors: ABI and MillerCoors control 90% of the distribution market.
Did nearly three thousand men, women and children die a horrible, burning or crushing death that day, or didn't they?
Someone to always be there for you
So, yes, apparently The Youths are “surfing” to this site called Cracked. Actually, since I’m learning about it now, it’s probably been popular for at least a decade. ANYHOO, I decided to peek in on it and see what the fuss was about.
Remember when that loud, unruly kid was a punk? Remember when that quiet girl doing art in the back of the room was weird? Remember when the kids who were leaders were predictable and understandable? What a cool world that we live in that none of that is true anymore!
It is a true story, the monster said. Many things that are true feel like a cheat.
After our walk, however, my friend and I decided to go for coffee at the local Starbucks.
Anyway, Mexican Logger pours a pale yellow with a white, fluffy head of foam. It's fairly strongly carbonated. Despite the low booze and hopping, Mexican Logger is surprisingly flavorful. Corona, it's not.
5. Available date?
The top photography lot by High estimate was lot 24, William Eggleston, Untitled, 1970, at $200000-300000. (This is the tricycle.) It was also the top outcome of the sale at $578500, apparently a new record for a single Eggleston image.
and then you’ll see
One day...
12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature
So when he shows up in her middle-class, average town to see if he can woo her again, he’s pretty dang shocked to see her hugely pregnant. He thinks she’s 9 months pregnant and he’s not the dad (which sort of pisses him off, really) – then he discovers the truth.
Mash the bananas in a large bowl. Add the almond and vanilla extracts. Add the sugar and mix well.
Choose Me (Alan Rudolph)
The films producer, Julian Blaustein, milled over some 200 short stories and novels before he discovered Harry Bates', "Farewell to the Master." He felt the story would make a perfect platform for a film that could address "Cold War" fears and provide a strong social commentary. Edmund H. North was hired one to adapt the story into a screenplay.
After being convicted two days ago, he has now been sentenced - to four and a half years in prison. He will be eligible to apply for parole in two and a half years, and as far as I am aware, the prospect of deportation was not mentioned by the judge.
If I give him one of those expensive bones to chew on, he buries it.
I like paper. More often than not I like papers with lines. If I am writing on paper with no lines usually I’m writing poetry. I like standard intermediate pads. However, I do not like intermediate pads that are not so white or are too thin. I also use yellow pad. There is a kind of pad paper in the Loyola Bookstore that I really like. It’s almost the size of an intermediate pad, but the paper is prettier.
When you see an introvert reading, sitting alone, don’t assume that they are lonely and want to be interrupted. Respect their space and ask if they are busy before interrupting them. Introverts need to learn that it is okay to say that they are in the middle of something and would rather not socialize. Introverts work out their ideas by thinking inside their heads and they often need to remind extroverts that they are not ignoring them, rather they are silently processing what they just heard. Extroverts are talkers. This is hard and draining for introverts. Introverts need to remember to get alone time after being with a talkative extrovert to recharge and not blame extroverts for their need to talk or take it personally. Both types need to remember that the other type is drained by what energizes them. The world is filled with introverts and extroverts and we need to be more understanding and accepting of
And it passed much too quickly.
1964 Tram #252, displaying the message ‘end of the line’ and with Mayor Frank Kitts in the driver’s seat, travelled from Thorndon to the Zoo in Newtown – the last electric tram journey in New Zealand.
I was on the phone to him later that week. He'd been for a trip out to the seaside with Lara and another couple. He was talking about how he'd sat on the beach with them. I was really moved by what he said.
Well, I have more Primitive Needle finishes to show, but since this post is picture heavy already, I will save them for later.
Therefore, this post is dedicated to telling you people that you should be reading Paul's stuff. A recent post of his you should check out is about receiving a package delivery. It is pretty representative of his writing. Read it. Because I told you to, that's why.
I still do not approve. It seems to me that this was a cop out, a temporary measure. It has been done for political rather than economic reasons. People will look on Labor as the saviour of the community and vote for them at the next election. The problem is that the measure is just giving the industry a temporary reprieve.
Actually, the Bible tells us that anyone can see God’s hand in all of creation if they want to. So, we have no excuse, and are hindering our own blessings if we can’t do anything but focus on the rearview mirror, where all we see is pain and disappointment.
"Do you know how I can find the Explanatory Memorandum to the SPC Regulation? I have searched on the internet and at eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ, but cannot trace it".Micaela writes:
Speaking of which, this reminds me of a book I’d like to mention:
like the ocean she can be a the worst enemy
feel truly blessed----Please SOAR HIGHER AND HIGHER my
Needless to say, my Sarong drew a lot of attention; some people just stared in bewilderment, some burst-out laughing, and there others made snide remarks openly. Everywhere I went, I overheard the words “sarong” uttered and shouted as I walked from the car park to the track, and even throughout the whole race.
What surprises me is how few Christians and other religious persons are in the front lines of this fight. How can one claim to love their neighbor as yourself if they stand idly by and contribute to a murderous and indifferent culture. Man was originally placed here to work and watch over nature. Yes, man has been given dominion over the earth, but our current exercise of dominion is about as ethical or biblical as a husband raping his wife. Take that, Rick Santorum.
How can this man be a threat ? Was he the one who crossed the razor blade barb wire ? Or perhaps he was suspected of carrying bombs in his bag ? He is just an innocent rakyat like you an me… now its him… tomorrow , in a different time and place, it could me , you, my family, or yours.. think about..
I have genuinely been looking forward to this. Not in a slightly sick at heart way, knowing I shouldn't watch, but that, inevitably, I definitely would, but proper real-life anticipation. I have been away having a lovely time in Liverpool this weekend, but still, I was looking forward to coming home, toasting a crumpet and catching up on the Sky+.
I looked at this picture after 10 minutes in photoshop and this is where my mind drifted just a little.
Randy Robison and wife Carie are two of the lemonade making type of folk. They discovered that what some might consider a depressing dilemma was in fact an opportunity to do something they had wanted to do for a long time.
So in more recent years, this playhouse has become the clutter-gathering-ground. Have a tool? Put it in the shed. Have old furniture? Put it in the shed. Have sculpture and nowhere to display it? In the shed.
1/4 small onion, finely chopped
A promotional mailing from The Scooter Store.
-blog about this giveaway, include the link, and comment telling me you did
On the business side of things (boo!), I’ve also learned the difference between Gross Profit Points and Net Profit Points: Basically “points” are a percentage of the profits generated by a film, which may be offered to you in lieu of, or in addition to, an upfront payment for the rights to your script. Gross Profit Points are the cream that gets skimmed off the top of the freshly drawn milk, and can therefore be very valuable… whereas Net Profit Points are the dregs that get left in the bottom of the glass, after everyone else has taken a sip, and are therefore mostly worthless.
4. You will submit one picture (or more) of your cards, with one in front, and the others behind it to show your 6 (or more) cards.
but rather pairs of men and women
More diary extracts, Wednesday 2 October 1968
The next few weeks of nationwide polling promise to be quite interesting, as the political impacts of Mulcair’s debut as Official Opposition leader and the Harper government’s budget become apparent.
not delay, because Your city and your people bear your name.” -Daniel 9:18-19
The medical consultant(me)was sitting in the doctor's waiting room spying on the staff before she officially met them(that is usually a small part of my job, but I am also quick to jump to staff defense when they are criticized by the doctors). I had positioned myself directly under the NO CELL PHONES sign, all the better to eavesdrop on patients using their cell phones.
Me: Well, then shut the door! It’s my party!
oh, the inconvenience of having to call the cops
Many of you who came Sunday had the opportunity to try a brand new beer, Auld Reekie. Abe Goldman-Armstrong suggested the title which is a nickname for the city of Edinburgh. The beer is rooted in a trip I took to Alsace in 2003. The local bars all seemed to have Lindemans Gueuze (which I consumed in copious amounts) and Adelscott, a peat-smoked amber lager. It wasn't the craftiest brew I've had but I liked the idea. The scotch enthusiast in me decided right then and there to reproduce that flavor profile down the road. After brewing our oyster stout recently I felt that the time was finally right. We harvested some of the Scottish ale yeast from that batch and set about making the Auld Reekie. Instead of our usual organic pale malt we used Weyermann Bohemian pilsener malt along with both domestic and English caramel malts and of course the peat-smoked malt as well. We pitched lots of yeast and fermented around 62F for a smooth and clean profile which seems to have worked well. I can't wait to try it with some scotch on the side! We'll tap more of it here when the Gose keg blows and expect to see it around town in the coming weeks.
“If you do this on a continuous basis, you would depress the ozone layer and cause all kinds of other problems that people would rather avoid,” said Singer.
Donald Driver and Peta Murgatroyd: 27 (9, 9, 9) + 7 = 34
Been working on a lot of music as usual. It seems each day I direct my life more so to be engulfed with music, and everyday it makes me happier. My Hip Hop act B.T.E churned this out the other evening. Have a listen. Its honest.
Now, if you have never had the chance to eat a
in the meantime, happy gardening!
So what is a cowboy to do? Take off between some skyscrapers, drag dynamite off his cycle, rig it up to two buildings and then lure a robot to follow him and hit the tripwire, which drops both buildings onto the robot. Another robot has waded into the river and is shooting at Batman with those dreaded lasers. As the robot walks under a bridge, Batman uses his electromagnet to pull four bolts out of the bridge and drop the entire thing on the robot (personally, I would hate to drive on a bridge being held together by four bolts that had no nuts on them!)
If you worked on 2000AD, do you have an anecdote you'd like to shareabout your experience of Tharg and his minions?
Miss Foster’s garden will be based on a particular location, often visited by the sisters, where a bridge now known as The Brontë Bridge crosses a moorland stream.
because he did not receive even
John Moriarty strikes me as a Jungian figure although he never really mentions the Swiss psychologist in his writings. Yet he is constantly drawing upon archetypes to illustrate his philosophy. His autobiography Nostos could also be read as a diary of individuation during which the floodgates to his unconsciousness are opened and almost sweep him away in a deluge of libido.
Dum de dum de dum de dum . . . Every Sunday morning, my dear mum listened to “The Archers” as she busied herself in the kitchen. Even though my housekeeping is not in any way as timetabled, I often find myself listening to the Archers Omnibus, possibly as a gentle way of hanging on to long gone moments.
Roland continued:
It’s a fight, every day, to get out of bed. To be responsible and work. To do my best to look forward to positive and “should be fun” plans. But when it’s hard to do the things you know you normally love to do…you know it’s really there again…
6. Mountain West: 0
The trailer sheds no light on why Bane wages war against Gotham, but reportedly Bane is working in league with Ra’s al Ghul, played with such Zen-like menace by Liam Neeson in Batman Begins. The good news is that Tom Hardy’s garbled voice that freaked everyone out after the second trailer has been cleared up and sounds pretty cool.
"Thank ya'll very much," I say once I have finished with my attempt at sit-down meditation. "I was almost to perfect serenity, but every single one of you just had to fuck it up."
I can hear the raindrops outside my window
The last time Craig Mummey and I worked together was four years ago at Silver Spring Stage on The Cripple of Inishmaan by Martin McDonagh. We kept meaning to do a project together again after Cripple was a success, but it never quite worked out. And now, here we are — and I, for one, am thrilled to be working with one of my favorite directors again.
Yesterday I showed you just a glimpse of a waterfall in the distance, and I thought you might want to see what it looks like up close. Inglis Falls is one of three waterfalls that surround the City of Owen Sound, Ontario, and it is located in a 200 hectare conservation area. Inglis Falls is an 18 metre high cascade, created by the Sydenham River meeting the edge of the Niagara Escarpment. The erosive power of the water has carved a deep gorge at the base of the falls.
All the way to your heart
“A current? Through my nose?”
"Nevermind. " he said, standing up. "Hey you still need that ride? Let's go, it's gotta be cold out here for a bird like you." And he put his arm inside the fur cloak and under her arm for her support and led her to the warmth of the car.Alright so let's talk about what we didn't say. Since often that is more powerful. We didn't mention Tom's name because we couldn't find an excuse to do so in this scene. We didn't mention their marriage of 11 months because again we couldn't find an excuse and the twisting of the ring suggest it is rather new, but her bitterness suggests that the honeymoon has worn off, and the twisting of it suggests that she may be ready to psychologically take it off or that it is a bit uncomfortable We used a very forgettable taxi driver to illustrate that it was either Christmas Eve or Christmas, that she is waiting for someone, that she is bitter about waiting, and that she is bitter perhaps about whoever is coming to pick her up. We never mention the in laws, we'll have more than enough opportunity to show their character flaws that she hates and how she reacts to them. We present our secondary character immediately and begin the real plot nearly immediately. We don't act like he is a statue or a portrait. We let dialogue, subtext, and some subtle description paint a very clear picture of who he is as a person. It helps that he is charming and not boring. Boring people are difficult to describe by showing (very easy to describe by telling). One could actually argue that we made him -too good- i.e. he is unbelievable and it's pretty obvious that she is into him already. But at least we didn't do what we did in Draft 1 which was give EVERYTHING AWAY...
still doing what they were
First off, Vance is acutely aware of the prevailing political atmosphere: he has all the right words in his lexicon. Last year he initiated research to make ‘jury diversity’ compulsory. Oh dear, cultural diversity. Never mind the merit, just look at that rainbow.
Creamy spaghetti
And suddenly all the pain in all the world is personal.
The kindest thing to do with Benji now would be to send him back to his native land. Australians are a patriotic bunch, and have a notably relaxed attitude to knicker-theft and other larrikin pranks. I would expect them to welcome Benji home as a returning hero and present him with a harem of females for his (and their) amusement. Bush nookie is a popular pastime in that part of the world.
I have an until-now unarticulated but dormant beer resolution for 2010 to actually drink a few German beers and try and develop some level of expertise on the great ones. I’m not a lager guy, but I totally love the hefeweizen, the dunkel weizen and even the hardcore eisbock, and I truly need to drink more of the original masters and less of the American copycats in order to get the proverbial big picture – and have fun whilst doing so. To that end, I ordered a SCHNEIDER WEISSE “ORIGINAL” the other evening at Café Biere. They had this beer listed as “ORIGINAL AMBER”, and that’s certainly fair since that’s its color, but this is rich, delicious dark hefeweizen all the way.
If you're new to my blog and like my work, I invite you to become a follower!
Sweetest dreams. Next is the Blue Peninsular tour.
I was hoping to do some fun stuff today but the fun has been put on hold for the planning of our exciting future. We feel the changes are necessary as our Sarah is growing up and we need to provide a good start for her future. I must admit that sometimes it’s like pulling teeth getting info from her but lately she has been quite forthcoming about what she wants to do to earn a living. Que sera sera; whatever will be……….. We can’t live our children’s lives for them but we can certainly give them a decent head start.
Wishing you all a wonderful weekend and a stress free Holiday Season and as always thank you so much for stopping by and for all your lovely comments.
Saturday afternoon's game is part of Fox coverage at 4 p.m. (a few fans will see White Sox vs. Mariners), and ESPN airs the rivals Sunday night at 8 p.m.
If you are interested, there seem to be groups all over the South East and probably all over the country, just google it, but remember, I still don't think St Jean Vianney would necessarily approve.
In place of those rejected politically incorrect European fairy tales would depictions of scenes from tales allegedly passed down by word of mouth through generations of Asian tribes, or found written in Aramaic script on crumbling parchment in Timbuktu, but, more likely actually made up in a studio flat in Cricklewood a few weeks earlier.
So... why the excitement this morning? Besides being Saturday, this morning is about updating my blog to reveal this:
Thank you Derbyshire librarians!
Already on our list:
So, there are the same twenty four hours in the day as usual. But they seem shorter, or perhaps they get filled quicker than I want them to. Where is the bloody time going? How come I have so little time to do everything I need and want to do?
The photo you are looking at is the one that got me started on photography. When I was quite young, 10 or 11 I’m not sure, I was up visiting some family friends with my brother and father. My Uncle Steve knew I liked Kerouac et al so went in the other room and came back with a book called the Americans by Robert Frank. The introduction was written by Jack Kerouac, they apparently hung out in the Dharma Bums era, but other than that, not a single word was written. Every page was a picture. With no rhyme or reason just photos of America and Americans. I didn’t understand it at the time all I knew was that these photos were beautiful and I wanted to take ones just like them. It was when I got to the one you are looking at that I really stopped and stared. I still don’t know why. There is something hypnotic about the whole book but that one in particular really grabbed me and still hasn’t let go. Frank, similar to Henri, had a love for the instant photo capturing life in as raw and unadulterated way as possible. What Henri began Frank followed up. Since the Americans he has been endlessly copied but, in my opinion, never bettered. Similar to Henri he never used a flash, just a little Leica that wouldn’t impinge on a scene so he could capture it without intervening. Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Theorem states that “You cannot measure a quantity without altering its value.” Frank did just that. By capturing these moments perfectly as they were he gave them a profound weight that has been studied for nearly 60 years. Frank is also one of my idols because he simply applied for a grant to go across America taking photographs and he got it. I wish someone would give me a load of money to go across America and take photographs. Hmph. Anyway, fact is he is pretty much the embodiment of why I like photography. I can’t tell you exactly why but there is just something about the way he captured the feel and nuance of a moment that I love and hope to replicate in my own way. That photo still gives me chills.
ISBN: 978-0-37387717-1
I stop all racing within myself and proceed with specificity of the points I share – within realizing my responsibility in the writings that I share. I make sure that my writing are here to support myself and others and not confuse and misdirect
Google recently introduced their new Template Designer functionality in Blogger in Draft.
If you make the smoothie to green-heavy then your not going to want to drink one every morning. The best blend is approximately 40% vegetables and 60% fruit.
I have painted the image with Distress Ink.
I like to play it straight when it comes to food. Sneaking spinach into brownies isn't going to make your kids spinach lovers. But, a few years ago Tim discovered this recipe for breakfast cookies in Missy Chase Lapine's The Sneaky Chef. (Some people argue Jessica Seinfeld stole the idea for Deceptively Delicious from this book.)
Tucked into the smallest niche, this desk found a place to be an office. Boudoir chair and balloon drapery ramp up the romance!
that will spread The Shine Project to more people.
1% carbon increase in grasslands and cropsoils in Australia would offset the entire “legacy load” or total rise in CO2 over the last 50 years. Carbon sequestration of farmlands can be higher than that of tropical forests.
I've also found that the Stay Put Craft mat is an ideal for base for making them on. With it's non-stick and heat resistant surface the Stay Put Craft Mat allows me to press the flower center down flat to cool and it will peel right up without sticking.
If you haven’t yet tried the exercise–you can find it here. The short version though is–Pick three things you love about your appearance, your personal life, and your professional life write them down and come back to them every day. Let go of the inner critic for a week and see what happens.
Am I getting dumb?
She was even more happy when I let her out of the stroller to walk up and down the foot bridge. This is the first time she's been able to do this since she learned to walk as there's been so much snow and ice. I swear she let out a twenty second rapid jumble of words as soon as she ran up to the bars and pressed her little face closer to the falls. I recognized "happy", "water" and "walk" in there. "Happy" was repeated over and over. It's her new favorite word.
and wait for the “Console Login:” prompt.
I can't believe it is taking me so long to post about the remainder of our visit to Ireland. It is not right to be so busy that I can't get this done.
And I was in my twenties before I ate my first piece of sushi. It was a blind date, in Adams Morgan. Didn't take but I got hooked on the sushi. Unrelated, I know. I'm just trying to trace the Asian thing.
Here's a closer view of the image that shows the results of my using Copic colors on Bazzill Simply Smooth cardstock:
Mrs E Butler of Maryland (New South Wales)
Now, for church I actually do much of my Advent & Christmas work during the summer. Yes, it is always a little odd and inevitably I end up driving my wife crazy humming Christmas Carols during the middle of summer. But - ‘Tis the season when I do my writing and arranging, that way there is time for the songs to “settle in” and for the music team to actually learn it. And as it turns out our son was born in June, so during my Christmas prep we had a newborn in the house. As I was combing through music I was struck by the amount of lullabies, or music with a very somber feel to it. Because our house was not very quiet, people were in and out and there was a general feel of excitement in the air for the new addition – there was a raucous atmosphere for sure! Out of that I rearranged Silent Night. I actually wrote the music for the verses first and stopped, but it didn’t feel complete. The problem was nothing else was coming that day, or that week. In fact it wasn’t until about nine months later when I sat down with it again that the chorus and bridge came to be in about 20 minutes.
Today i made these White Chocolate Fragranced Massage Candles with Valentines day in mind. They smell Amazing
Please come tell The G-Man!
• Reframe The Private Market: Large corporations/banks act like private governments and should be framed as such. They use vast amounts of taxpayers’ money. And not just in bailouts. They’ve always depended on publicly-funded infrastructure. Avoid the corporation-as-individual metaphorical frame, which transfers the notion of “rights” from the domain of individual persons to institutions of concentrated wealth and power.
Our local seafood markets are usually closed on Sunday, but knowing that our beloved favorite Publix supermarket carries everything, and has the best seafood department as well, I decided to shop for my squid salad ingredients...everything fresh! Unfortunately they only sell squid frozen in a 2 pound package, which was fine with me. Paying $14.99 for 2 lbs of Calamari, even if frozen, is still better than ordering a squid (calamari) salad which is barely enough for 2 and paying $13.99 for it and get aggravated because they put the dressing on it in advance and the salad gets wilted by swimming in the dressing...I do love the
I read a prayer a few Sundays ago in church which sums it up for me:
Our visitors are making their way home...Ian dropped them at the airport early this morning...
“Well, you know what I mean,” the moose said. “If a pineapple challenges a hare to a race, it must be that the pineapple knows some secret trick that will allow it to win.”
You see, when I was a young child, my grandparents ran a large dairy farm. I can remember the smell of the milk room. I can remember visiting the horses.
Briefly put, I’d like answers to the following questions:
In other news, I dumped one of the 30-gallon potato pots today. It had been ravaged by deer and was not doing well, so I put it out of its misery. Here are before, during, and after shots:
The truth is black and ugly*, that’s why nobody wants it;
Golly. Miserable old Cow AND Alchoholic.
Of course, all that being said... the first line of The Dark and Hollow Places changed. For a very long time it used to be, "It was only a matter of time before the Dark City fell." And oh, when I look back on the proposal that included that first line I just have to laugh because WOW did this book ever change from inception to final product!
I’d love to step into the shoes of …….
*This photo was taken at a friend's home recently, and were not the fruits of my Dad's labour, but you get the picture, right.
“It’s been twenty-two years a murderer has been free. A murderer, Nico. He killed my parents, but he’s a free man. He’s allowed to do whatever he pleases, whenever he wants.”
At least three people were killed when a tornado with winds of up to 140 kilometers per hour touched down in Atlanta, Georgia, reports said.
"Should a child leave the hospital alive, it was simply a miracle."
21To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne.
2 final things:
Vacuum anti-gravity boat-mesons on a high elevated plane
1/2 cup oil of choice (I used olive and coconut)
I do have a Twitter account I use only for the Etsy shops. Rather unfortunate is the display of the numbers of people who are following you as that number really fluctuates. When I "lose" a follower I wonder how I managed to disappoint them....
Scene card for 1937's "Rhythmn in the Clouds" co-starring Warren Hull. I found a dvd copy of this film off ebay last month for about a two-fiddy. Silly film, some good scenes, very low budget but Pat looked great! Too much singing tho!
Well, all this talking is making me thirsty - time for beer!
Not to do everything I can to get there.
Afoot upon the vagrant shards of moon
Chapter 4: Loosely-coupling Services
- use the fabric from the back to edge out both sides of each panel and add length to the bottoms
Are they? Hope for what, exactly?
Shower me again
Anyway, the point is that the book is making me feel more alienated than the Martian guy (joke!). My favourite book covers in the world are the ones with incongruously coloured fantastical planetary looking places, in green and blue and purple. It’s a great disappointment when I read the content expecting to be thrilled and amazed, and instead I feel like no one wants me there.
15 – 20: You are in good control of your business. Although there is room for improvement, you’ve got a good grasp of the basics.
We also have a Whiff of Joy Member Gallery at Splitcoastampers that contains all cards that are uploaded to the SCS gallery and tagged with our key words. You can upload your WoJ cards to your own personal gallery and by adding our key words, they will also be placed in our member gallery.
Is that a real reason? No, it ain’t! It’s just a reiteration of what the kid already knows, right? But at this point, most children accept that it’s time to give up. And that’s something “programmed” into us, even as adults. It makes the word “because” very powerful.
As spiritual leaders their first and primary calling was to talk to God on behalf of people (prayer) and talk to people on behalf of God (ministry of the Word).
Alessandra Naccarato – Also known as Alessandra Storm, the current Board Chair for Spoken Word Canada (SpoCan) is a two-time national finalist at the Canadian Festival of Spoken Word with the team from Montreal’s Throw Slam. She represented Toronto at the 2012 Women of the World Poetry Slam last month in Denver, Colorado and competes at CIPS 2012 as a “storm” poet.
For all us new bloggers out there, can you tell us how you got people to read your blog before the bonanza that was Ebay? And how did you learn to do all the extras on your blog like finding out how people found you on Google (I know you answered this before, but I couldn't find it!) and counting how many people visit your blog? Yup, compared to me, you're a technical genius! :o)
The taunting and teasing goes on for some time—Tucker egged on by his idiot friends. They follow her as she walks the path through town back to her house, occasionally getting in her way so she has to detour around them. But she holds her ground—chin out, nostrils flaring, hands balled so tightly the knuckles are white—and continues on her way. She feels the prickle of tears but blinks them away.
Hopefully this will start paying soon. One day I won’t have to end every post with this:
New features of Windows 8
6) Always get proof of filing-a copy or government filing receipt-when anything is submitted in your case.
Here are some tips for making laundry day easy while traveling:
6 versions of Mikkeler Black Hole.
Also, since one of my favorite snacks is apples and peanut butter, I'm trying a natural peanut butter instead of my beloved low fat Jiffy. I tasted the 365 version and it's good! This is part of my effort at eating less processed food. (You can bet I'm not giving up my coffee and creamer though!)
I did mean to ask my deities and ancestors to be with me and keep me safe, but I forgot to do so. If I forget anything, I don’t stop the ritual and do it again from the start. I feel if anything changes, it was meant to be and we should just go with the flow.
one day steeled to work it out
See you around soon with a new project!
these beings did not find despair.
The story kind of goes around in circles with the characters trying to end the lie as they spend some time together.
The Chef even matched the sorbet with jugs of the aforementioned pilsner. That’s hospitality for you.
Spread the cream on the cookie dough and with the help of the paper first and then the cloth, roll up tightly around the long side. Place in refrigerator to cool completely for several hours.
Giveaway closes August 13th@ 11:00 pm (EST) Winner will be picked August 14th by Random.org and notified by email, a post will follow. Winner will have 48 hours to reply to my email otherwise a new winner will be picked.
Speaking of slutty, Matthew McConaghey's girlfirend Camilla Alves is wearing a black Kaufman Franco dress. It was a little too exposed for the Oscars in the front. Otherwise, a lovely dress and she does look great with Matthew in a Dolce & Gabbana suit. I just wish someone would make him cut his hair.
Steal some time away to get your artsy on this summer~! I put together a fun bright layout by layering these gorgeous papers from Donna Salazars Antiquities line mixed with some scraps from Pink Paislee and Simple Stories... I had fun cutting and spritzing and being artistic! Donna's muted, shabby tones blend perfectly with other manufacturers accents and patterns to create a fun layering of grungy goodness!
Sye pointed out, and I am paraphrasing here, that we all have rescuing devices. We're going to interpret Scripture with the revelation that God does not lie. You will interpret it with your "subjective" view of logic. I can reconcile certain things the Bible says to a Christian, and we do. I am not going to reconcile with non Christians because you are going to bring your assumptions that God doesn't exist, that God can lie... ...If you are not entering with the assumptions that God cannot lie then you are entering with an incorrect assumption and there is no reason to discuss anything about God or the Bible with you. You're going to come in with your interpretation, just as I am going to come in with my interpretation based on God's revelations.
The snow slopes are rich with footprints and the calls of children - some happy and some not so happy. Chilled feet and sausage fingers are par for the course. The sun refuses to shine, and relief is found in hot fruit juice and chocolate. And then a little bit more chocolate.
Leviticus 5:5–‘And it shall be, when he is guilty in any of these matters, that he shall confess that he has sinned in that thing;
And one thing to note for the people who leave. The grass is rarely greener. I will say that the three raiders who left Dreamstate for greener pastures did not find them. And the 14 who left Conquest probably won’t either. All they will find is that Matticus dealt with a lot of headaches they didn’t even know existed! Probably the only case where you will be happier is if you make a radical change in your raiding focus i.e. go from casual to hardcore or hardcore to casual (I actually think those words are hopelessly inadequate to define raiding teams these days, but they will do). RFA wouldn’t be useful for these players either, because if you want to make that change in focus you are never going to be happy staying where you are and forcing people to stay would just build up that resentment again.
The sun is hot on my neck as I observe
So, confession: I have a massive crush on e.e. cummings. Since the tenth grade, when I first developed this school girl's crush, I've been completely enamored with his poetry. I've amused countless writing teachers with my obsession, collected books and books of his work, and emulated and idolized his style for years, until I found my own voice (which even now has hints of his avant-garde style). And whenever I reread his poems, I find myself again a blushing tenth grader.
BH and I talk about travel. Again. We rarely go anywhere together as a couple. We've never traveled as a family. He doesn't share my need or desire to have something on the calendar to look forward to. These talks always leave me frustrated and tense. And there's still nothing on the calendar.
What are we looking at? What are we going into here? What will be the precursors of this?
An innocent deserving blame
3 skylights
“Now you know the dark side of heroism, Kayla. Human beings are not the clean and cut, squeaky clean examples we were painted out to be in the greater scheme of things. We killed ourselves so many billions of times in the past. It’s not something we’re proud of doing here in the present. But in order to save something of ourselves in the future, it has to be done! ”
Firstly, there are the excerpts from Mike Longshott’s novels that Joe reads as he searches for him. These are semi-fictional accounts of real-life Al Qaeda plots and bombings; they are well rendered and compelling. Then there is the fact that the world Joe lives in is subtly different from our own. I won’t spoil how, but Tidhar feathers in teasing observations, that hint at where we might be, and what is really going on.
I immediately googled the ad to see if anyone else had put it up, and was surprised to find the same ad – like the original, posted by VerizonWireless – only more recent (added May 4th, with only1,583 views). But after a few moments of silent viewing (I’m not masochistic), I noticed something was different – no subtitles. So I turned on the volume, and sure enough, Verizon re-dubbed the ad before returning it to the public:
The movement has been non-partisan, though it has tended to support Republican candidates that it believes reflect its values. It defeated Senator Bob Bennett of Utah in the GOP senate primary on May 8, 2010 and other incumbents have felt the tea party sting for failing to rein in the spending to which they had become accustomed.
”There you are, so handsome! Who are they?” she said pointing
“…our lives had entwined briefly like kite strings bracing themselves before the big fight…”
but NO, now it’s bye bye
12It would be a fire burning even to destruction, and taking away all my produce.
A sunny Saturday did dawn
------- The Cubs are concentrating solely on Cespedes and Soler and Levine things Soler fits the Cubs better and I agree. Although I still want both!
For those that don't follow celebrity or model fashion, the Met Gala (a.k.a. the Costume Institute Gala held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City) is kind of like the Oscars, for fashion. It's a night that values the runway and couture before anything else, and it's great outlandish fun for anyone that loves fashion for fashion's sake.
doubt you.
What saves me is list writing! I write lists of all our meals a week in advance, of what I need to buy at the farmers markets, what I plan to bake, things I want to sew and anything else I can think of!
is also great
Satan, the god of this world will try to retain his claim on you. He will tempt you and throw all kinds of things at you. But “l John 4:4 tells us, “Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world.”
The second example comes from New York World. A few journalists there have attempted to use the dataset to calculate the worth of the spaces, but also to crowd source a survey of people’s perceptions of the spaces by encouraging field reports.
C--You're so cute and full of charm
True champagne comes from the Champagne region in the northeastern part of France which jealously protects the name "Champagne'' worldwide. That's why the phrases "Champagne style'' and "methode champenoise'' appear on a lot of non-French labels. (See how much you've learned already?)
Now onto something totally different i have for the first time ordered and will be participating in Project Life the brainchild of the wonderful Becky Higgins i am so excited to be doing this and the 2 weeks i waited for my kit to arrive where 2 of the longest ever !!! For me the ease and simplicity of it is perfect for my hectic crazy life between working , school , daycare , dance and running a busy household my scrapping has definately been left behind i have a collection of gorgeous papers and projects to start but this way having prepared it all at the start its as easy as printing up my photo's and filling in my journalling cards , i have also bought an additional 2 PL kits to document some important milestones that have been missed starting from when the girls were first born ,
keening, for another word
6. Identity of Entrant. In the event of a dispute about the identity of the entrant, entries made online will be declared made by the authorized account holder of the e-mail address submitted at time of entry. An authorized account holder is defined as the natural person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider, online service provider or other organization (e.g., business, educational institution, etc.) that is responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail address. The potential winner may be required to provide Sponsor with proof that the potential winner is the authorized account holder of the e-mail address associated with the winning entry.
In fading light
I continue to be very grateful for all the healing thoughts you've sent for Lucas! He continues to do pretty well, but his face is still pretty swollen. If there is any problem we're having with him, it's his habit of rubbing his face along the rugs. I was specifically told by the dentist to not allow him to do anything like that because it could pull out the sutures. To try and 'protect' his face, I've put a small e-collar on him. He became really subdued and kept his head down when he realized it wasn't going to come off. I told Lucas there was no shame in his having to wear the 'cone of shame.' I think he believed me, because he didn't object to it nearly as much after I said that. Its been my experience that Golden Retrievers will believe just about anything you say to them...
Sheesh. Now we have to contend with people who “specialize in blending computer generated images with live action”. Which is maybe really cool if you want to see a James Cameron movie, but not so much when someone fakes your favorite kid-fantasy and you believe it.
Their first TV appearance was in 1972 in the variety show The Wheeltappers and Shunters Social Club, but it wasn't until 1979 that they became known to anyone outside of the North, when the now-defunct LWT offered them their own series, The Cannon and Ball Show - which continued right through until 1988, despite their shtick (imagine a violent, unfunny Morcambe and Wise) being usurped by the up and coming alternative comedy scene - I always thought the violence of Ade Edmundon and Rik Mayall's Dangerous Brothers was influenced by the bullying of poor little Bobby by the thuggish, heartless Tommy - and their appearance in the dreadful feature film, The Boys in Blue, a piss-poor update of the Will Hay classic Ask a Policeman.
Last Sunday, our pastor held a great sermon about how a famous basketball player had been so unhappy with his life even though he had everything else he always wished for. In a nut shell it was the lack of purpose and the guiding hand leading him to it that had been the root cause of his unhappiness. If your breath can fog a mirror then I venture saying that at least one point in your life or another, you also have been struggling with unhappiness. Perhaps you are struggling with it right now.
For $15, I can get a whole fitness evaluation done at the Y and they take measurements, tell you how much body fat you have, do endurance testing, etc….and you get a big print out of how much you suck at life. I am thinking about doing that so that in a few months I can do it again and really see the improvements I have made for choosing a healthier lifestyle.
Lee Perry - White Belly Rat
www.derryodowd.com
You could easily save $10-$15 off your weekly grocery bill by buying in bulk!
One of the very first places we visited was Pearl Harbor. There are simply too many pictures and thoughts I’d like to share from that trip. So I’m going to save it for another post. But I can tell you, it was definitely a remarkable experience.
Inks: Memento Rich Cocoa, Tuxedo Black, Bahama Blue
Anyhow, I am just enjoying a positive few days. It has been a filip in the build-up to the final home game of the season this weekend, a match of key importance that combined with Podolski’s arrival can offer a sign of intent for the next campaign. Who they are sending those signals to remains to be seen. Last night’s crumbling on the pitch and touchlines offered the suggestion that Sir Alex Ferguson is heading toward a Keegan-esque meltdown in the near future. Mancini has never irked me in the way that he does some; if anything last night’s hand gestures to the Scot meant he went up in my estimation, especially when Ferguson made his own pathetic mimicking efforts.
Maybe if I smartened up? Started going ape-shit on Wikipedia. Memorized a quote each day. Took a few night classes in astrophysics, Women's Studies, Something Century Literature, "The Greats", I could catch up. But who am I kidding? I'm 34 and really don't have the desire to be smartened up in the schoolroom sense. Meh.
Transcanada has bypassed a review by the State Department and announced that it will go ahead with the southern leg of the infamous Keystone XL pipeline. This project has the qualified approval of President Obama which Republican opponents think is a stall until he is reelected. Let’s hope so. Candidate Romney has pledged to build the pipeline if he has to do it himself. Now there’s a thought!
Cummington, MA & Deerfield, MA ♦ Journey Camp returns to Cummington for Hilltown families this summer. The unique camp offers a supportive atmosphere where it’s easy to make friends as campers explore nature, dramatics, games, music. Inclusiveness and peace building are hallmarks of Journey Camp. Director Sarah Pirtle, founder of Journey Camp, has won numerous awards for her books & music for children. SESSION ONE, boys & girls ages 7-13, July 2-6, 8:45-4, Woolman Hill, Deerfield. HILLTOWN JOURNEY CAMP, boys & girls ages 7-13, July 16-20, 8:45-4, Taproot Common Farm, Cummington. MOONSEED TEEN LEADERSHIP FOR GIRLS, ages 12-18, July 30-Aug. 2, two overnights & campfires, Woolman Hill. GIRLS WEEKS, ages 7-13, Aug. 6-10 & Aug. 13-17, 8:45-4, Woolman Hill.
With one quick glance your mind almost plays a trick on you if you celebrate Christmas as Jesus' birthday - if you saw numerous Marys and Josephs and Babies last month. You almost dismiss these figures as just another Nativity scene.
I am leaving Japan in the beginning of June, sadly. I tried last week to take a ton of photo's but I'm honestly sad about leaving that I haven't even bothered loading them. I've been trying hard to put a smile on my face even though it feels like this distance bull crap is never going to end. I did purchase a lot of material to start making hair bows and selling them because I'm going to be bored, registered for classes so I can stay busy and plan on hitting the gym with old friends so I don't turn into a whale. Trying to turn this pile of negative into something good.
* Do they let you talk all the time during a reading
Etro Messe de Minuit
Korea
Did the third person live at an odd or even numbered house?
1. The EC must act immediately using its powers under Sub-regulation 3(1)(f) of the Elections (Postal Voting) Regulations to make postal voting available to the following groups:
The Corrections . . . so much family dysfunction . . . the writing is so . . . real . . . so much scarier than any vampire, or werewolf, or fallen angel. Or—zombie? I can’t go there.
Just up the road from here is the rather obscure and very out of the way Whim Ales which really isn’t the kind of brewery you just turn up at on your bike, pouring sweat and totally exhausted; they’re just not set up for visitors, tastings, sales or anything like that. Bless them though, they did take the time to show us around and even gave us an old wine bottle full of one of their beers, Flower Power, which we drank with earnest at the campsite several hours later.
I couldn’t find any nice clear examples of those splendid ‘floral’ reproductive structures show in the electron microscope image, but some of the structures seen in my sample do look like rather more battered and squashed versions. So, I’m pretty sure that it’s Fungi such as these that ate my PVA, and I don’t even leave it open when it's not being used; ah well...
“יהושע said to them, “My food is to do the desire of Him who sent Me, and to accomplish His work. ” (John 4:34 The Scriptures 1998+)
Half the bathroom.
I started to ask myself what I needed to do in order to make a difference for God. Did I need more faith, more commitment, more perseverance, more attitude.
That was the case on December 8, 2008. I was sitting in disappointment over still not being pregnant after receiving a phone call only days before from my best friend, announcing that she was expecting her first baby. We felt like we were the last of the couples we knew who had not yet conceived. That night I was hormonal and tired and late once again. I took a pregnancy test thinking I would see the all-too familiar negative line, sealing my fate. I would never be a mommy.
This is a pity, because by the time the credits rolled, I really was quite taken with GotY. Why? Well, one thing that I was on the lookout for before I even pressed play was the lazy overuse of cliche. And my heart did sink a bit when the main characters are introduced playing in...a dingy basement. Are basements really that popular for gaming? Over twenty years now, and I've never rolled dice in one.
If, the BNP's message is so vile, and if, as is often said, “Sunlight is the best disinfectant” why are they so reluctant to shine any on the BNP and other white nationalist groups, surely if what they say about the Nationalists is true then the more they are exposed for what they are the more the public will reject them.... surely?.
drapes for bedrooms
Favorite Website: Facebook (ed. note: really?)
If you haven't already, blog about your weekend plans. Maybe you have a bunch of projects you are going to tackle. Maybe you are attending party after party. Or perhaps you are laying low. Whatever it is, share it on your blog! Feel free to use the "Weekend Planning" button in your post! Then, come back to this blog and link up your post in the link collection at the bottom of this entry.
way the author also shares her remembrance
I'm traveling incognito.
“Were they being stolen by junkies to ‘cook up’ their fixes?” one traveller asked. We explained that this was unlikely, given that plastic spoons tend to melt with the application of flame.
I'm going to indulge in a little contemplation today as it's the beginning of the Sew Grateful Week--February 2012 edition! I always enjoy the opportunity to take a bit wider perspective on my hobby and all the amazing people I have met through it. There's an exciting week in store and it's great to see how many people are participating!
Our guide exited the jeep just to show us.
My goal in this discussion has been to find a creed/confession that all true Christians can wholeheartedly give assent to. I am not interested in finding a formula that non-Christians cannot affirm, because such a creed will, I believe, be used by some Christians to exclude other Christians who simply believe differently in certain inessential areas. In the same way, I am not interested in constructing a rule of faith, but rather in formulating universal Christian beliefs; think of this task more as descriptive theology than prescriptive theology. My goal is to have a formula that every Christian can say without reservation, thus providing a tool to unify the Church. To that end, I will survey the confessions of the first 350 or so years of the Church, establish some criteria by which to judge them, and come to a conclusion about what I think should be the universal Christian Creed.
I went back to bed making a mental note to search the leftover containers of soup for chunks of bay leaf. And then I remembered that story about Stone Soup from way back in grade two.
So thank you Harrison Ford, you’ll make a PhD out of me yet.
I had been in Latin America long enough by now to know that there was a class stigma attached to trains. Only the semidestitute, the limpers, the barefoot ones, the Indians, and the half-cracked yokels took the train, or knew anything about them. For this reason, it was a good introduction to the social miseries and scenic splendors of the continent.
Because I’ve heard from both sides about how wacky I’ve been in the past few months (note my blurb that resides right above this posting) I think it’s time for me to state for everyone what I do and do not believe. I am neither a socialist nor a monarchist, neither a fascist or a communist, and certainly neither a Democrat or a Republican. So it’s time for a personal manifesto of my political beliefs --
At first glance, the achacha - or achachairu - is like nothing else I know. Pry it open, however, and its creamy white flesh immediately reminds me of the fruit I adore and miss, one that is abundant in my home country: mangosteen, the queen of fruits.
This year I will be there for various events. If you are around come and say hello.
sewing machine. Push all of the fabric to the left of the needle except for one raw edge (you should have the wrong side of your fabric facing you). I like to keep a spool of seam binding at my feet and unwind it as needed.
06-21-2006
Sometimes in today's society we feel like we're being hit over the head with sex.
I certainly didn’t have any pressure at home to try to glam myself up. My mother, who in her youth was a stunner, had taken to rural life like a duck to a grimy pond.
i bet you oily skinned ladies are staring with disbelief at those two little words! not only am i skipping powder, i am using all cream products. my arsenal:
just wanted to share a little project that i did a few weeks ago...
Level 8: 16% chance to deal 120% damage after an attack.
So I have a couple of minutes spare, although I don't know where from to be honest! Thought I'd try and get back in the swing of this blogging malarky! It's amazing how much time work takes up nowadays!
Hello blog-land! Very soon, I promise to be back to regularly scheduled teacher programming. Feels like it's been a long time.
The inability to swim.
Duryodhana’s envy
And now, of course, it's time to fill the list back up again.
Then, just as suddenly as we had started to slide, we stopped! Suddenly. The side of the Bronco hitting something hard, but firm. In our two seconds of terror we had only moved a few feet, but my uncle had managed to slam us right into the only tree standing on the left side of the road. We weren’t rolling to our deaths. Elation was immediate, but then subsided as my uncle said matter-of-factly, “The tree could give at any second.”
Jihad (holy fighting in Allah's Cause) is ordained for you (Muslims) though you dislike it, and it may be that you dislike a thing which is good for you and that you like a thing which is bad for you. Allah knows but you do not know. (V.2:216)
This morning, I woke up slightly anxious knowing that I was going to get on the scale and see if my healthy efforts have paid off.
If our enemy would fight on the battlefield, on open ground, in uniform, carrying his weapons openly, then it would be a case of an army facing off against a force that behaved like an army, and children and other non-dangerous people would not get hurt. But the enemy has changed the way it fights. So we have no choice. We have to protect ourselves as necessary.
It's must be a sad existence to only find quality beer from one or two brewers.
I have always wanted one of those bad boys!
Light for stock room.
Key Terrain: Key terrain is ground you must hold to protect your point defenses, ground you can fall back to if things turn bad, and ground usable by a threat to marshal and stage in prep of an assault on your AO.
