It has been suggested that given the high cost of litigation, patents which are litigated are also typically considered valuable patents. Research with litigated patents have been correlated to high patent citations (Lanjouw and Schankerman 1997; Allison, Lemley et al. 2004) with Allison arguing strongly for the bi-directional relationship between litigated patents and value. Their research argument is based on the premise of the high relative cost of litigation as compared to the cost of merely obtaining the patent with almost 75x the cost to enforce through litigation compared to filing.
That truth? True learning is interest lead and passion based.
"we"...
I am so tired today. Not just usual Monday morning tired, either. I had coffee after our walk yesterday afternoon, perhaps too late in the afternoon. I could not fall asleep after such a busy day...I tossed and turned. Then I woke up from a terrible dream in which I found a tiny newborn baby that probably wouldn't live...I tossed and turned some more, then as I dozed off, I got a phone call...no one there. Again, almost asleep, another phone call...no one there. Then it was 6:30, and time to get up. blah! I could SO have slept then, when I couldn't. blah. I could fall asleep right now, with Miss Cuddly herself snuggled up to me wearing her warm pink princess Snuggie...hmm, maybe I would...that would mean my mother-in-law would come over for sure....
“Bullying is a very serious issue that can result not only in immediate physical injury, but in lifelong emotional scars as well,” said Angela Mohan, a California-based licensed marriage and family therapist and member of the California Association of Marriage and Family Therapists. “Bullying in 2012 isn’t the same thing that parents may have experienced when they were young. Teens face bullies at school, home and in the online world. There’s no escape.”
I was scheduled to be induced last Tuesday. I had a difficult recovery after Keating so my Dr and I thought that delivering at 39 weeks would be best. On Monday afternoon we packed up Keating and his sleepover gear and brought him to my parents house. We were scheduled to arrive at the hospital at 5:30 am Tuesday morning. An early morning in labor and delivery didn't seem like a fun time for Blue, so off to my parents he went. On our way home we decided to stop at a new restaurant for a last minute date night. After-all, We would be home bound for a good while starting the following day.
DAMAGE/ATTACK: 2-5
It has been two years that Addisyn has been living with her link. When she is tricked into breaking the rules by Sebastian, a gray winged angel, she witnesses his death at the hands of her Link. Discovering that she can still die, she is furious and demands to know what other secrets they are keeping from her. Who was the strange angel and what did he mean about who she was? Not allowed to tell her what she wants to know, her fellow angels just make her more determined.
I haven't inked up my Make Mine a Double Pure Innocence girl for a little while, so I gave her a little love. I decided to use a blossom instead of the star and topped it off with a little brown button and thread. I'm keeping the post short and sweet today because as I'm typing this, I'm thinking that I should be in bed! haha!
I agreed last summer to host it at our house.
Also,baseball has started and i watch as much as i can,free preview just ended and now i only have limited amount of games to see.
The new restriction came in at the weekend, with customers being told the theft rate was so high that goods would no longer be delivered unless they paid a priority shipping rate of $39,99 per order and an incremental $9,99 for each extra item.
Choosing thoughts filled with calm,
An in-ground damn swimming pool.
Whether TIF ever actually gets introduced into England remains unclear. Other models are also being discussed. Edinburgh in Scotland got its TIF business plan agreed in late 2010 but has not made as much progress as it would have liked. What is clear however is that in all areas of policy there will continue to be models that catch the attention of consultants, policymakers and politicians. These models will find themselves being moved from one place to another, raising issues for those places they pass through as well as for the models themselves as the places they encounter lead to changes in their very constitution.
Matthews.
On Friday, while on the bus on the way to work in the morning, I saw someone reading one of Ottawa's free newspapers, Metro News, and saw over their shoulder this article: "Wallet Found Sixty Years Later Helps to Reunite family". The wallet was found in an antique black cabinet in an antique store. I've linked you to the original article.
He's not even respected by our enemies.
This one is like a light music, a little up-tempo, compared to the tune of other four stories.
I was brought back to some form of reality when I came out of the cinema and read Rupert Murdoch’s iPad-only newspaper The Daily. The front page story was:
* set:
Live shows? Sightings brings it every time; Harvey Milk basically blew my mind apart and put it back together, heavy as fuck and everything perfectly placed in the mix, really impressive; Guinea Worms are always a good time; Foster Care is probably my favorite punk band to watch/fall down with these days (look for their LP on Jack Shack sometime this year); Les Sexareenos reunion was a party and reminded me of what rock n’ roll is supposed to be; there used to be tons of bands like that (although not as good usually), where the hell are they these days? Step out of your fuckin’ bedrooms and slay the goddamn dragon!
Since moving from India seven years ago, the former taxi driver has become the main cheesemaker in a small family-run factory that produces thousands of rounds of the world-famous cheese.
“Me too.” Riley’s response was barely audible.
We sat together in a wedge-shaped corner of the room while we waited for our lunch. I thought it was the most pleasant lunch I had for a long time. No introduction was needed. We were able to pick up from where we left off. We laughed, chuckled and talked and had a good time together. We talked about nothing in particular but we were nostalgic about our good old happy days at St. Andrews University.
And my travelcash didn't work in seven eleven urgh =__=;;
Happy New Year.
The first crack appears in the granting of residency, which the holder can get after one year. However, the residency is only for as long as the visa lasts and six months prior they must again get the visa and extend the residency. Only after five years can they then apply for citizenship.
Have a Bunnytastic Easter
THE STORY (from Goodreads)
Not everyone sees spells in supermarket car parks, of course, and Natalie is not just a normal girl. Her mother was a Spell Lady of Earthaven, which gives her the power to cross the boundary between worlds and makes her a target for the evil Lord Hawk, an exiled Spellmage who is planning to destroy the giant tree that is home to the spirit of Natalie’s dead mother. The magical gateways are barred to him. But at Halloween, between midnight and dawn, the boundary between worlds opens allowing creatures from both worlds to cross.
Comments welcome.
Thanks for stopping by. Hope today finds you all happy and doing something you love.
3. Billie Holiday – There Is No Greater Love (One of my favorite artists of all time, Ms. Holiday was a troubled soul. But, I love this song because it’s about pure love in its simplest form; it’s about feeling a great love for the one you’re with. Nothing more. Nothing less.)
Honestly, my 2nd trimester was pretty benign (minus the whole pre-term labor ordeal) so I think my body is trying to make up for lost time. On top of being unbelievably uncomfortable, the morning sickness is back and kicking my ass just like it did during the 1st trimester. I really thought the days of hugging the toilet bowl and living off of 7-up and saltines were over. I was sadly mistaken. I'm trying to eat normally (I want the twins to gain as much weight as possible), but it's quite difficult when every bite triggers my gag reflex. Not to mention the fact that I literally have to plan each meal with consideration to easy bathroom access....Have you have seen a very pregnant women try to waddle/run to the bathroom as fast as she can while she tries desperately not to blow chunks everywhere? Not a pretty picture, my friends. Not a pretty picture....
Perception is a funny thing. It can change the whole landscape of reality in front of ones eyes in a flash. Suddenly the same exuberant youth was an army of goons and hoodlums forcing innocent bystanders onto party buses against their wishes and thrusting PPP flags into their hands with threats of intimidation.
"My, what big eyes you have, Mr. Wolf."
Then we topped it with paprika!
Wilderness Brewing
What was once love turned into bickering and hour-long phone calls about who was right, about why/not the U.S. had a duty to invade the Middle East and basically teach these children about democracy, because of course we always know better. And it’s not like such a concept could be almost impossible, especially in the most traditional countries that exist there.
My family and friends are so very much delighted to hear that there are filmed interviews with Betty MacDonald, Mary Bard Jensen, Clyde R. Jensen, Joan MacDonald Keil, Jerry Keil, Alison Bard Burnett, Cleve Bard, Mary Alice Bard, Darsie Beck and many other family members.
This is why I enjoy reading Jeff Goins. He chooses to write with a purpose. At 101 pages, You Are A Writer (So Start Acting Like One) is an engaging and inspirational read about the reality and work involved in becoming a professional writer. It uplifts the human spirit and encourages the beauty of creating. It encourages us to share our work with the world. You Are A Writer (So Start Acting Like One) is a joy to read, a new classic for my writer’s toolbox, and I look forward to reading future works by Jeff Goins.
"Poopity, poop, poopity, poop poop. Poopity! Poopity!"
THAT is the Rhythm of the Heart
And furnished them wings to fly;
This is my new and improved Craft room. Here is my new white cabinet next to my old one. It took me a good solid 6 hours to put everything back together and organized at the same time. I could barely move on Monday after I did all that work. But it was fun finding all kinds of stuff I forgot about.
This is a page out of my "art journal" - - meaning: I use colored ink and experiment with Zentangles and write original poetry and play with whimsical, hand-written graphic fonts. (The above font is called "French Manicure". I know. I bought a book on hand-written fonts. And I ramble, but that's okay. Just flow with me ...after all, you are here, and you gotta play the hand you're dealt. And I'm dealin'.)
One thing I'd like to be clear about. This girl on the cover is not Loann, at least not in my head. Loann and I share the same frizzy/curly hair, which is often the bane of our existence. We're also both short, and as teens neither of us thought we were much to look at. So I wanted to share with you today the picture that I think captures Loann (and it captures her at a very specific point in the book - after swimming with her friend Marcus).
Trying to stop my self-destruction
As it was, the verdict was not unanimous; two of the jurors apparently accepted Tabak’s version of events. It would be interesting to know from them whether they would have reached a different conclusion given the further information now released.
So yes. This episode is good. The characters are portrayed more realistically. The drama is more nuanced and more powerful. The decisions are complex. The development is meaningful. The writing was actually good.
Here are this weekend's scores:
This lasted about 10-15 minutes, before he finally said "Let's just go in there, and see what these people have to say. And maybe we can take something away to help us and apply it in our marriage."
El Toro: Read 75 books from your TBR pile/s
Moments after the famed Chipmunks became part of Hollywood history Alvin suddenly disappeared. The shocking turn of events left hundreds of attendees at the gala event – including actor Jason Lee, several filmmakers, Twentieth Century Fox studio executives, and all of the Hollenbeck Middle School students – asking each other, “Where is Alvin?”
Make sure you subscribe to my Twitter, Facebook, and email. The link for all of them is on the right hand side. Thanks for reading.
I just checked on a contest I had entered – and saw a winner had been announced. Read her story…tried to find fault…couldn’t. It was a really good short story with a twist. Feeling sorry for myself…then realized it was a different contest…mine is yet to be judged. And my cheering squad said he thought mine was written as well with a different kind of twist. So contests may come and go…winners will be chosen…and it may not be me. But I will keep trying…
She just haaaaates it when I take these self-portraits of us.
‘Ugg…’
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to run programs as myself that are harmful towards life.
The authors of the Urban Institute's study very carefully assert:
No group claimed responsibility for that attack or the one on Monday, but they were similar to others conducted by Al Qaeda in Iraq, the insurgent group accused of trying to plunge the country back into a sectarian conflict by pitting Sunnis and Shiites against one another.
Since Longs Peak is the 14,000 plus foot peak farthest north in that Rocky Mountain chain, and because it is the only 14er within Rocky Mountain National Park, it is ridiculous with people all summer. The parking lot will fill up, as well as the side of the road for a good mile or two downhill.
Brief Digression Number Four: Sloan recruited the midwest exclusively while at The Citadel. He seemingly had no interest in local players. In the fall following his first season as coach, he held an open practice for cadets interested in trying out for the basketball team. Well, maybe not so open. Sloan walked into the gym and greeted all the candidates, and then asked them to line up single-file, facing him. He then said, “Everyone from Ohio, Indiana, or Kentucky, take one step forward.” A few of the cadets stepped forward. Sloan then barked, “The rest of you are cut,” and walked out of the gym.
Channelled through John Smallman
And this tree is in the basement family room...........
They said.
Well, they haven’t… Why not?
The fleet they are currently offering is pretty young, 6.5 years, but the new fleet joining them will bring this down to a very respectable 5.8 years (compared to British Airways fleet age of 12.8!)
HOORAY!!! I made it through to another week's project. So here you go, my week 5 upcycle...enjoy!
During his time at LSU, Tyndall helped recruit three classes that were ranked in the Top 25 nationally, including the top ranked class in 1998. He coached five players who earned All-SEC honors, four of which went on to play in the NBA. In 2000, he helped the Tigers win the SEC Championship and advance to the Sweet 16, ranking 10th in the final AP Poll.
Water 1/2 cup
Duck, You Sucker (good)
"Paper late!" cried a voice in the crowd.
What that means then is, is that among the options that are available to us is, for example, the payroll tax cut, which might not be exactly the kind of program that I would design in order to boost employment but does make a difference because it puts money in the pockets of people who are then spending it at businesses, large and small. That gives them more customers, increases demand, and it gives businesses a greater incentive to hire. And that would be, for example, a component of this overall package.
Especially in the Hogmanay photos. I was surprised to see myself in them. I looked lovely in my tartan mini skirt, thick black tights (God bless Donna Karan for THAT idea) and my Bonnie Prince Charlie kilt jacket, resplendent with silver buttons. Somewhere in this house, that jacket and skirt still resides. The jacket is so tiny it almost fits Sonshine. And so does the mini skirt.
“A Line Has Been Crossed…”
Rogue Brewery / Brewer's on the Bay Rogue Ten Thousand Brew Ale (Brew 10,000)
Coffee baked to age.
When I saw this cardigan online I really liked the mix of colors and was excited to see it in real life. When i found it hanging on the rack I could not believe my eyes...it looked HUGE! I decided to grab it anyways and give it a try. I tried it on in an X-Small and wish it would have come in a smaller size. I think I may be sized out in this one. It looks super sloppy just hanging on me, and when I lift my arms, it swallows me whole. The colors, however, are amazing and I love the boldness of it. Gonna have to pass on this one due to sizing issues. Size down on this one, for sure!
Following is the schedule:
- Malcolm X
63. Heat stroke. If you are out in the sun, always wear a hat and stay hydrated with plenty of water. Get in the shade as much as possible.
It has been over 20 years since I last saw Molly but when I spotted her at a book reading/signing at Barnes & Noble it truly felt like I was stepping easily back into the past.
Above: City Hall in 1874 in an illustration by Currier and Ives
Within about a week, I had potato sprouts shooting up out of the ground, and boy did they grow fast once they were out. Using the information I had learned over the past several mistakes, I began to hill the mulch next to the stem as the potatoes grew. This way the mulch provided a clean, light proof area for the potatoes to develop, and the soil was there for the roots. Several weeks went by and the potatoes were growing nicely.
half-hidden
Ben sees a man, who he recognizes as Derek from the focus group and discovers that Leslie sent him an invitation. He’s not happy, but Leslie is determined to make Derek like her by the end of the night. She asks if he wants to be “bowl buddies” and he accepts. Ben wants to call off the whole deal right away and tells Leslie there will always be that one person who doesn’t like her, so she should concentrate on mingling with other people. She’s not having any of it, and she’s off to bowl with Derek.
Junior Seau was found dead this morning in his apartment with suicide being a possible cause. Seau was an incredible football player and person. He had a prolific career playing for the Dolphins, Patriots, and my personal favorite team the Chargers. Seau’s death could possibly shed some light on what is a huge problem in the NFL, concussions and more generally head injuries. It has not come out the Seau suffered from depression or other concussion like symptoms. The NFL has started to do work with head injuries but it is clear that the problem has a long ways to go before being solved.
Hi Everyone, Chari here today to share with you a little tutorial about watercoloring with your distress inks & markers. Distress inks are one of my favorite supplies but I only recently started watercoloring with them. In this video I will use the inks as well as the markers so no matter which you have in your stash you can use these techniques too.
---- aside over ----
Similarly, the candlestick maker could have offered “IOU candlesticks” directly to the baker. Again, the transaction could only be successful if the baker actually baked bread that he did not consume himself and was therefore able to loan his savings to the candlestick maker. Since he loaned his bread to the candlestick maker, he no longer has that bread himself to trade for steak.
It’s a bit of a rant I know, but I really need to get this off my chest as it’s beginning to hurt, (and I work in this industry for God’s sake)
One of my closest friend celebrated his birthday last October 26. Of course we had “nomo-nomo” and never ending chit-chat with some friends. It was not a plan but I asked him to do a mini photo shoot at Jepoy’s place.
There’s inspiration to be found everywhere…
and approx 3 1/4" which I sell at £2.75 each plus postage
Where the Lord, His glory veiling,
Many Christians meet folks who say they are ‘Messianic’ and assume that those folks are Jewish Christians. Most aren’t Jewish at all, but Gentile Christians who have chosen to pursue Torah observance and have adopted the Messianic term, calling themselves Messianic Christians, adherents to Messianic Judaism, or simply, Messianics. Some will even try to avoid that label and say that they are followers of "The Way".
As for the rest of the movie, I think it will be a solid, interesting effort but it is labouring under an enormous shadow.
The 2010 Paper Cowgirl Retreat is drawing near! I am chomping at the bit!
Every vehicle with a "Dads Taxi", "Baby on Board" or other stupid sign or sticker.
We're looking for an intern who loves to read books for children, especially young adult and middle grade, and is interested in picture books as well. If you’re a fan of books by MT Anderson, Mary Pearson, Nancy Farmer, Gennifer Choldenko, or Jack Gantos your tastes will likely be a good fit for ours. This internship is remote so you don’t need to live in NYC.
During the previous summer, one of my part-time jobs was working the front-desk of a local gym where I met many competitors. As I learned more about the bodybuilding culture, I became increasingly intrigued by the competition scene and gradually adjusted my lifestyle to be more conducive to health and fitness. My diet improved, I cut down on partying and social drinking and my workouts became more intense.
I got another rejection.
Reynolds
One of the central things about the book I mentioned recently, Now All Roads Lead to France: The Last Years of Edward Thomas by Matthew Hollis was his discussion of the relationship between Edward Thomas and Robert Frost (pictured above). On the outbreak of war Frost returned to the USA and asked Thomas to join him. Thomas, who found it difficult to make up his mind about anything, vacillated between going to the USA and joining the army.
Total: $39.99 pre-shipping... value: $185.00
Great food, a bit too much wine & champagne.
aromatic are waters deep
Thomas Ledoux, 200 Wilson St, New Bedford, MA, age 20
The suspect later complained of “medical issues” while deputies were investigating, the Sheriff’s Office said, and was taken to an area hospital. He later was booked into the Orange County Jail.
Now on a moral level what does this have to do with me?
So we have chocolate, cake and music in this card plus some very happy looking mice I think that sounds like a fun party don't you?
The power of Android shouldn't ever be underestimated because you can get all the apps and games you need! Its a smart phone no doubt, with a smart plan and with only $45/month for unlimited use, minus any contract! amazing, isn't it?
Those moments, those glorious moments where people don’t treat me like I’m a simpleton, where people can understand me on the first try – those moments mean the world to me.
Not too bad for 64 years old me-thinks…
So here's where we are at ...
Inga is the most agile of any of our children at this same age, more physically adventuresome and able. She's already had some nasty tumbles trying to walk forwards down the stairs. Her body is really thinning out, getting leaner and less baby-like. Her hair has developed a little curl.
Under the agreement between the Zinnikers and NbN, dairy cows owned by NbN as an LLC were boarded at the Zinniker Farm. The cows were owned by the LLC rather than by the Zinnikers, who simply executed a services contract to board, care for, and milk the cows for their owners.
Those of us who are writers have probably all had trouble getting words down at one point or another. I can tell you from personal experience I go through a small bout of writer’s block at least once a week. I’ve learned that it’s quite normal for this to happen. I try not to let it frustrate me, but as writing is one of the main things that I do in order to keep myself healthy and balanced these days, I can’t help a bit of scowling, nail biting and frustrated pacing at my own sort of mental constipation.
ARTS | The New York Times asks, “How can public and private organizations work together to stabilize arts funding?” To answer the question, the Times invited eight experts across different sectors to engage in a virtual debate. Among the experts are Americans for the Arts’ Bob Lynch, the Cato Institute’s David Boaz, and the Chronicle of Philanthropy’s Stacy Palmer. The conversation is a must read. (NYTimes, 5/2)
Between #2 and #3, which would you pick?
By means of violence they are seeking to protect their religion from infiltration. They were religious, extremists, and fundamentalists. But to what were they fundamental? Paul had been a fundamental Jew but fundamentally wrong. The Jews were fundamental to the Law but Jesus Christ came to fulfill that law. One could be a fundamental Satanist but how wrong can you be?
I recently answered a question at LinkedIn with the same question as the title above. I found it very close at heart and thought I'd incorporate it here for further thoughts and some more elaboration
9 DOLLARS A TWELVE OUNCE BOTTLE. You'd have to use the empty to mug a guy coming in the store to make drinking this very cost-effective. I have never paid that much for a beer before and I never will again. Fucking recession.
Hope you all have a FANTASTIC Friday and a wonderful weekend!!
Happy Star Wars Day! I've been reviewing copy edits on my new novel, brainstorming a title for my new series, and working on student manuscripts.
S - Snuggies. Weezer has their own Snuggies. Awesome.
Release Date : 6 July 2011
The House Beautiful cover with mi amour on the cover. Is anyone else out there as obsessed with the Brinson’s house as I am? Was there anyone else who kept this issue in their car for two months – just in case they needed inspiration at a red light? So, imagine my surprise and utter delight when I saw a blog with a magazine cover that looked like Jill’s living room.
I needed a place to stay, so I went to the University. Lake Superior
It has occurred to me that I worry over Saint more than the kids. I mean, when they get hurt, unless it’s something terrifically serious I slap a kiss on it and tell them, “keep moving.” (Movement is good to keep the aches out.) If they get really hurt I go into survival mode and take care of business. I don’t know, something about Saint not being able to tell me what the problem is, and the fact that I love him so terrifically much makes me almost freaky about how if he seems a little less than normal, something bad is happening. I just know how quick animals can turn for the worst and I really do not want to lose him.
Each day we will be highlighting a different British Craft Company or Shop,the Design Team will be posting cards/projects on their blogs each day using products from each Company or shop,there will also be a prize each day from the highlighted Company up for grabs that's 16 prizes and you can enter each day,only one entry per person per day to make it fair,so make sure to become a follower and check back regularly for some gorgeous inspiration and more info on our Best of British event and remember to come back on the 18th May to join in the fun with us and for your chance to win gorgeous prizes from all the fabulous Company's and shops who are joining in with us....
While not approved as a dietary supplement by the FDA, lutein is ubiquitous in foods. It may play an important role in maintaining vision and preventing such eye diseases as ARMD and cataracts, the two leading causes of vision loss in adults. The carotenoid may accomplish this by protecting eye tissue from free radical damage and shielding the eyes from potentially destructive sunlight.
Bitter heart, bitter heart of mine.
I began to apply his disorder to historical speeches. I wanted to see just HOW much damage the misuse of “ya know what I’m sayin’” could do to once spectacular achievements in vocalization.
Not that there’s anything wrong with being up tempo – far from it. Let’s Dance to Joy Division was the most successful song, and if I was even a year or two younger I’d be out jumping around without any concern for getting sweaty, or worry about waking up stiff and sore the next day due to overdoing it.
So now I have over a month to wait and find out what he really thinks of me. We're not really friends, more like acquaintances really. I went and looked him up on Facebook - there's a billion and one of him. And not one of them is him.
I, Robot, et al. – Asimov
The U.S. Air Force is pulling nine cargo aircraft from military operations to support President Barack Obama’s stepped-up visits to campaign events.
The challenge that comes from this is a simple one:
Few countries have become world class without an excellent and efficient civil service to support the transformation. If we don’t elevate our civil service significantly to much higher standards, we are all going to be losers.
Hi Diane,
"Tonight: Breakfast for Dinner and ice cream cones."I made sure those slips went in the days I was able to live up to the promise!
But as it stands, the federal government is stonewalling all efforts, both public and private, to implement food transparency. It also continues to ignore all independent science on the matter, which shows conclusively that GMOs are not the same as natural foods, and that they are responsible for causing a host of illnesses in humans, and colossal environmental damage (http://www.naturalnews.com/GMO.html).
Source: Me
10 Windmills Of Your Mind
Much Expression In Praise Is No Sign.
In actual fact, the instruction to return to more literal translations of the term pro multis used in the Latin edition of the Roman Missal - in accordance, on this point, with the majority of anaphoras used in the Eastern Churches – cannot be written off as a literalism or liturgical fixity. And it does not intend in itself to reduce the universal reach of Christ’s promises. Already the letter signed in 2006 by Cardinal Arinze categorically denied the insinuations of those who in recent years have actually raised doubts regarding the validity of masses celebrated using the for all formula. According to the Nigerian cardinal, the expression for many is to be preferred because “it is open to the inclusion of every single human being , whilst at the same time reflecting the fact that this salvation is not complete in an almost mechanic way, without one’s own will or participation.”
When I'm out 'neath the stars I feel closer to God
You see, what made the Chinese people intolerable was that they ALWAYS had a "Special Request". Most of clients had never even had one, so we were ill prepared to say, "No." They got progressively worse, the last one was a doozy. They handed my BFF a paper sack and a shovel and told her to clean the fire place. By this point, we had decided the $25 was not worth all the hassle and this was our last job. I wasn't much of a business women at 17, but I was a quick learner!
The parties will designate the principal contacts for the handling of correspondence, fax messages, telephone calls, notices, royalty payments, technical assistance, training, patent administration etc. Generally, each party appoints a technical and/or a licence administrator is appointed to handle the day-to-day business of the licence. The licence administrator may also be the recipient of all contacts and be responsible for referring them to appropriate individual or department within the organization. Most corporations prefer that all patent and legal matters be sent directly to their general counsel.
& straw stems wound their fragile limbs
And by the time we went to bed, all this had piled up I realize it's not all that much in the big scheme of things, but we're Texans...we're only used to seeing that much of the white fluffy stuff about once every 10 years.
I guess it’s the same old answer: The more mature and secure you are, the less other people will bother you. Must continue to grow up!
I don't know why I'm attracted to tonal paintings as opposed to those with a lot of color (yes, yes, I know tonal paintings are all color, too. You know what I mean.) Perhaps it's the mood. They have more of an 'old' look to them. A friend of mine once described tonal vs. colorist approaches as "timeless" vs. "a moment in time".
Since the groups lived apart, since Christians didn't want to understand them, said they were dangerous to associate with because of their religion, they didn't know them. They shared a continent for over two thousand years, yet they were still the other to many.
MPAA Rating: PG
There’s more about the NEJM’s 200th anniversary. For the skeptical, check out On the Media’s interview with Jeffrey Drazen, the current editor, who talks about the many nostrums that were at one time promoted in its pages. The Journal at one point supported eugenics, pathologized homosexuality, and editorialized against women in medicine. It was published for almost a half century before the germ theory of disease became popular. Drazen notes
And now it is past midnight and I scribble this one a notepad raided from the living room – as I was want to do in the days when inspiration still struck me * There is a pile of books on my nightstand and the day was happily wasted away on reading a book and a half, as well as a long countryside walk. It is early days yet but I feel quite content.
When we got there, a "profeshunal" photographer was there doing a shoot with some high school kids. I tried really hard not to be embarrassed about my lack of flash attachments or zoom lenses. But I did watch him for a few minutes before we decided to explored the back alleys so we wouldn't interfere with his shoot. We managed to find some really neat doors and painted steps - the girls were very cooperative and let me take a gazillion photos. We had a great time and I think we came away with some really cute shots and then the girls noticed the group leaving, so we scooted over to the park before we lost all our light.
Or do they? Some have said that corny dad jokes are designed to make our children want to leave the home, its evolutionary. I beg to differ. I believe that corny dad jokes are our way of showing our kids its okay to be silly and have fun and try out the language in fun ways and let down your guard at home. What other purpose do these jokes serve?
Then I need to give up this walk/run malarky because real runners only use fartlek in training. Once they’ve lengthened the run interval (because in fartlek, apparently, you start off with short distances and gradually lengthen them – not do set speed sections like I thought!) they don’t need to walk anymore. Real runners never walk.
His petty little mind is probably full of the dark things that mine is, but he don't know how to be the master of his universe, to blend in and charm and awe like me.
BGO ~ 2000/1969
My back-up plan was to ask the person working there, but I wasn’t entirely sure that I’d got the name correct, so if I’d approached the shop-girl and asked: “If I said anjelica to you would that mean anything?” then I’d have sounded less like a shopper and more like a dodgy medium who was trying to pass on a message from her dead Gran.
My Notes: It has been my experience that a recipe is only as good as the ingredients you use. I think most food network chef's agree with that. I always use a very good English Cheddar and a French Gruyere. The flavor difference is very distinctive.
Rhythm is a very good thing...until it is not. I have missed some very great bargains following that rhythmic “get the heck out of here” mall march in my head. Getting on a bad rhythm is different than a bad habit. A bad habit is a single behaviour that you repeat regardless of the knowledge that it is doing you no good. Rhythm is how we have learned to flow through our days we don’t think about it, it just propels us along developing a bad rhythm is easier than you think. Good or bad that rhythm you've developed is a comfort to you. I learned that way back in design school. White pillow, blue pillow, white pillow, blue pillow, is the subconscious calmer. The 'thing' in the room that you can't quite put your finger on that gives you a sense of peace and comfort. It does not matter if the material is ugly and hard on the eyes; gross pillow, ugly pillow, gross pillow, ugly pillow has the same calming effect as pretty pillow, cute pillow, pretty pillow, cute pillow. It is the rhythm that makes you feel good.
I myself have food allergies, and hay fever, and everything else that goes with it. I spent years wearing long sleeves in hot weather, and other ridiculous things to hide arms so that I didn’t have the ridiculous questions about the “track marks” on my arms, and “how I couldn’t hit the vein.” This is my arm today
And we spent a week in the Outer Banks, NC. We’d wake up, grab our bowls of cereal and fruit and head out to the huge deck that overlooked the ocean. We’d eat outside and enjoy the cool breeze while listening to the surf pound the shore. Ahhh, just thinking about it is making me want to go back.
“And are you eating in that area?”
This summer, I got tired of waiting on New York, and I asked my agent to reel in the submissions on LOST VEGAS as well as my novels THE BIG WINK and CALABAMA. While Kelly and I have enjoyed our foggy summer in Santa Cruz, we've also been busy publishing these books -- I did the proofing/formatting, and she did the cover art.
It really came at a perfect time. I received it last Monday, which was my dad's birthday, so I was a little sad. What made it even more special was that my dad was a huge wine collector. He had a fairly good size collection when he died, part of which I received. I'm pretty sure the wine isn't drinkable anymore but I'm not about to throw it out. I've wanted to build something special to keep it in but haven't been motivated to do so.......until I received this special gift.
Being a kindergarten teacher, it's not often I get to write "like a grownup." When I began this blog, an objective I set was to use this blog as an outlet to write in a grown up fashion. This post does not reflect that goal.
sharp against the sky.
sea shells
Ah, one of my favorite movies ever! I used to watch this all the time on TV (it was one of USA's favorite movies for a while there, too) and liked it as a fun action flick but when I watched it as I was older and was looking at movies in a different way, I saw this movie in a completely different way, too. This is a movie with a big heart and a very emotional story to tell, it's not just about guns and blowing things up or Gary Oldman acting like a psycho, although that is always fun to watch. Natalie Portman delivers one of the best movies of her whole career, even though she was only 11 years old and it was her first movie. She and Jean Reno are beautiful together and they, and Luc Besson the director, created something very special with this movie. Love it to death.
Whelan’s
But for indoors, this is not really any good as the box will dry out as this is an outdoor plant and it will wither away.
todays poem is:
Well this last month has been as good to me as the one before it. I got three of my published books put on kindle through their Kindle Direct Publishing website. Between the three books I’ve had about 1500 hits. These are not actual sales though; it’s more like checking it out from the library. But I think I’m supposed to get a cut of a $600, 000 dollar pot, which worked out to be about $2.00 a hit last month. So if this is correct, maybe I’ll actually get a little something for all the work I’ve been doing for nothing all these years. But God has been good and we’ve been blessed many times over, even with no consistent money coming in. I’d find furniture on the side of the road, been blessed with kid’s clothes by many Christian friends, been blessed myself with clothes when the lady I used to care for died. We’d get unexpected money from somewhere every time there was a need. This month I was really struggling to have money for paying the water bill. The lady that runs the dollar general store suggested I come out there and sit one day with my books and I had almost forgotten about it. But one morning I woke up and felt God saying to go and do it. I opened my Bible and read a few chapters and wound up reading the passage where it says, “Go and sell what you have” so I did. That day I gathered up about 20 of my Christian books off my shelf and brought some of my own. I sold all of mine and several more besides. Then a couple of weeks later, the day before my water was to be cut off, I went back. This time I gathered up about 200 Christian books and a few of my own. Before we left for the day, we had sold all but about 30 of the books and had more than enough to pay the water bill, buy a few groceries, and order some more books for my ministry.
5.Serve hot with buttered toast at the side.
She was right, as usual.
1 blowin'
Once dry we stained everything with a coat of stain.
Synopsis: Fifty years after the events of the first film Ripley’s escape vessel has been found wondering aimlessly through space. Ripley’s been sleeping in cryogenic sleep all that time! Now the company wants her to go back to LV-426, a colony that’s stationed on the planet where Ripley first encountered the aliens; apparently they’ve lost contact with the colony. What could probably have gone wrong? Maybe the aliens ate everybody? This time Ripley is ready for these ‘acid for blood’ bastards! She’s got the corps with her and some serious firepower!
And I want to see the Samples, on the old lower eighty,
I am not someone who can say, "I have watched since the very first episode." Quite honestly, I don't even remember WHICH episode was my first. I just know they were in their Lancaster County home that first time I "met" Jon and Kate and their brood!
I actually had a chance to squeeze in a few minutes of scrapping today and FINALLY finished a baby LO of Scott that I've been picking at for the whole week! I had done a cute baby LO of Chelsea a couple of weeks ago using G45's Little Darlings pps...remember this one?
The movie ‘Chimpanzee’ is out. It’s a documentary about an orphaned monkey adopted by a grown man. He teaches the monkey to open beers for him. The monkey teaches him to fling feces. It’s an even swap of talent.
On April 26, the House passed HR 3523: Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA) of 2011 248-168. A companion S. 2105: Cybersecurity Act of 2012 awaits Senate consideration. Obama promised a veto if passes. He lied. He does it repeatedly.
So sorry, this body has already been taken. This body has a heart, a life, a garden, a home, love. This body has love–so where is this place you, you this mad and consuming other girl have returned to? Yes, you used to live here, but we had given you up for dead and sold that lot some time ago.
Science fiction is one of the best places to do that, because it escapes criticism since it’s categorized as “unrealistic,” “impossible,” and “fantastical.” Little do they know that science fiction is much more important than that, that its power lies in the ability to bypass our pre-constructed matrices of thought and tell us things about the world in which we live from a whole new perspective.
Pagels argues that the gnostic gospels point not simply to faith, but also to a “path of solitary searching” for understanding (xxv). For obvious reasons, many early church leaders condemned the gnostic gospels and the alternate salvific paths they taught, but these same books advocate similar theological teachings, such as compassion. Pagels writes that in the “Gospel of Thomas” Jesus says, “Love your brother as the apple of your eye.” Isn’t that the same thing as recognizing the spark of the divine in everyone or loving your neighbor as yourself?
25 papers 12x12
“Bye – bye miss American pie”
“I hope you know there isn’t anywhere I’d rather be, or anyone else I’d rather be with.”
Black Sultan Flower Center by Prima
On the way back this morning I saw the bike detour sign pointing down a longer more treacherous muddy path than the bit that I had crossed over. It got me thinking that these people who ripped up the path and who made this detour must not be cyclists. Then I wondered about these self-help books and thought: people who don’t do it, don’t get it. But then, how could they? They don’t live my life. I’ll take what I need and leave the rest remembering that things have no emotion or feeling…
Mamma Mia was simply shameful. It was all very karaoke…and not in a fun way. I could imagine other people liking this type of film, so I think that my view is just relative. It’s just not my cup of tea.
MOZZARELLA STICKS
Joan Bakewell's favourite films (Pictuerdrome, 7.30pm)
After Hyspatia utters the words above, her Christian friend continues to plead with her to convert and save herself:
A few photos of Durham Cathedral, Durham Castle and around the town centre taken on 2 seperate short visits. I plan to visit again some time this spring/summer and explore a little more as I was pushed for time on both visits.
“The Christmas party. I’m holding the invitation right here: Anne is having a Christmas party on Wednesday after school.”
“Shaved hair,” she said, closing her eyes. “All round here, round the back, up the sides. Floppy bit. You can tell she hates it. But she won’t say a word.”
and it brings out the embellishments...
But what I find most personally meaningful about the film is the way each twist and turn somehow engages us deeper and deeper without us ever knowing exactly why. It restores our faith in art, in particular reminding us of the power of narrative art, storytelling. For all its experimentalism, Certified Copy is a profoundly traditional work of storytelling. Even though we modify our understanding of this couple from moment to moment, each metamorphosis feels as real as what preceded it. The characters' arguments and counter-arguments become refracted through our own personal experiences. We latch onto every twist in the narrative as if it's potentially about us and something we've experienced. The characters speak in ways that hint at countless other implied meanings, the way poetry finds its significance between the words. Certified Copy shouldn't work, because it undermines our belief in the reality of what we see, but it absolutely does, revealing that we can become caught up even in what we simultaneously understand to be entirely fictive. In the end, I'm most grateful of this feeling, of being "caught up" and involved. At a time when we doubt the veracity of the stories we tell each other, whether in films or in real life, here is a film as blatantly "unreal" as can be imagined, yet it nevertheless reaffirms the value of narrative art, the way it can miraculously and alchemically transform the fictional into something undeniably real." - Trevor Link
We are so grateful for all the support; please continue to help us put pressure on the governments of the world to stop this horrific trade. We cannot let the tiger die out so we have to put an end to this trade.
And he was. She was, is, and will always be, the perfect cat for us.
At their feet is a mix of anemones and true geranium (a Ballerina variety, it seems to me). To their left a bed of Vanilla-leaf (achlys triphylla) -- I'll miss their foamy floral spires, but am happy to witness the delicate lushness of their foliage yet another time. They're interspersed with the lacy foliage and purple flowers of the Dicentra formosa (Pacific bleeding heart). And climbing up the siding behind them is the Climbing Hydrangea (hydrangea petiolaris) whose flowering I have been waiting nearly fifteen years to see. No hint of any blooms there now, but I'm always suspicious this guy's just waiting for me to turn my back before he blooms, shyly. It was in full bloom when I bought it from the nursery so very long ago, but I'm beginning to wonder if I'll ever witness its lacy splendour lighting up this shady spot.
I really like my red Sorbetto. It’s one of the first garments I made. And I wear it fairly regularly. It’s made out of a really soft cotton lawn, with a dainty little cream flower print. I made my own bias tape, out of the same fabric. The bias tape wasn’t difficult to make, but it did take a long time. Probably because I don’t have a bias tape maker. Instead I used a pin and my ironing board, a method I read about here.
-my Lyme test came back positive resulting in more health complications. ARRGGGHH.
So I start with this scripture:
It took us about 20-30 minutes by vehicle.
Tom made two loaves of dense, crusty bread with the whole wheat flour we picked up yesterday, too.
Valentines Day was the perfect occasion for a romantic meal involving Clams and Mussels - tick! Spaghetti Vongole is truly one of my favourite meals, Ben's too, so I thought it would be the perfect Valentines surprise. And it was. Although I did learn that next time I would purchase pre-cleaned mussels (gah). We've cooked with clams and mussels in this similar, rustic Italian style quite a few times this year, and I'm getting better with each go. However I am yet to make that bouillabaisse. Maybe next year...
This 5-part series is about how I would correct/fix various design issues within the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC). This is not about how I would change bus routes, or how one mode is better or worse than another mode (i.e., LRT vs. Subway). This is about how I believe the TTC (and other transit authorities) can improve the experience of engaging and interacting with it’s ridership (actual and potential). Here is part five.
The horses need to do.
aren’t seen as being able to speak authoritatively on being paleo.
Onto target number three.
﻿It's always fun here on Saturdays! Either we are announcing a new challenge or more winners! And on Saturday July 30th (which would normally be a day off for us as we are a first and third week of the month challenge), we are announcing the winner of the blog candy giveaway! Still plenty of time to get in on that one- click on the picture on the side for all the details on how to enter.
There would be no way of getting by with those little oasis's that we hope for
“Only unto those great souls who simultaneously have implicit faith in both the Lord and the spiritual master are all the imports of Vedic knowledge automatically revealed.”
In the last few days, all eager to get going, I’ve started a new novel. This is despite getting emails from two agents saying they are sad, but they’re passing on the opportunity to take my other one. This is not good news, but there are plenty others I tell myself - sticking stamps on the envelopes of the next batch - maybe
I was very confused. I didn’t really know what I wanted after Patrick started fighting for me. I finally told him I believed a major reason I wanted out was because I wanted another child and it hurt me deeply that he refused.
Deuteronomy 17:6 On the testimony of two or three witnesses a person is to be put to death, but no one is to be put to death on the testimony of only one witness.
This was God’s gathering of “called out ones” — God’s active assembly, not man’s religious ritual. Afterwards, I went back to my dorm room and wrote these lines:
Wershler’s presentation examined McLuhan’s poetic approach to writing, and his decidedly non-academic approach to citations in his work. The session’s respondent was Concordia PhD candidate Christina Haralanova.
to receive enlightenment or raise your level of understanding,
Imagine for a moment what modern life would be like without electricity. The transportation system would be thrown into gridlock. Electric trains and subways trains would stop dead in its tracks. Stoplights and railway signal light would no longer work. Gasoline stations would be unable to pump gasoline or diesel because the pumps run off of electricity. Businesses, schools and homes would go dark. Communication systems would either die or become severely constricted. Water in many homes would dry up after a few days because municipal water pumps are electric. Without water, the toilets would no longer flush. Some sewer systems would become inoperative spilling raw sewerage into rivers and lakes. Life without electricity for a few days is a major inconvenience. Life without electricity for months or years is a major disaster. Most EHV transformers are large, the size of a small house, and very unique. They are not off-the-shelf items. They are costly (around $10 million each) and have a manufacture lead-time of a year or more for replacement. As a result, restoration would be slow and the massive blackout could extent through many months. This is the threat. Our technological world is vulnerable to a master reset.
Here's the Synopsis:
I CAN'T WAIT TO HEAR HOW IT GOES!!! AAUUUUUGGGHHHH...::jumps up and down in chair::
Her name is Janice.
First up is a video shot by YouTube user paullanagan. The video shows the showmen starting to arrive at Newcastle's Town Moor with their loads for the Hoppings 2011 fairground. Footage filmed on Sunday June 12th 2011 between 7am and 3pm. During this period, mostly living wagons arrived.
-chili powder
The late 1990's were a politicised time in general in the UK, we saw the birth of New Labour the first change of government in 18 years, the first time in 23 years a centre left government was elected in the UK, and with a huge majority at that. Further more there was an increased interest in reforming the UK and the Labour government was elected on that platform.
This is the day that the LORD has made;
Carls Junior
The Legislature has killed all the other PERA bills this session: HB 1142 (defined contribution); HB 1250 (ending PERACare insurance); SB 82 (PERA and Social Security eligibility age match); SB 84 (PERA members’ financial records); and SB 119 (PERA contribution increase ban and mandatory benefit reductions).
Un Chant d'Amour!* Erotophiles of the Michael Howard/Jean Genet tendency - and its phwoary fetishistic taste for the retributive slop buckets and iron bars of jail - will doubtless be descending on Stoke Newington Library Gallery on August 23. For two former prison inmates will be reading from their respective books - 'London's most dangerous woman' and Queen of Facebook herself, Farah Damji; and Cheshire-born stockbroker Shaun Attwood, survivor of 'America's toughest jail', banged up for money laundering and drug offences
"... 'The death of an old man is an ugly thing. I suppose you might think of it as a rebirth in heaven - but I am sure he went the other way.'"
“These are your brothers,” Maria tells him before being shooed out the door by a servant. In that moment the gauze is lifted from Freder’s face. Had he wished, he could have discovered Maria and her ilk years ago, simply by climbing down a ladder, but, Buddha-like, he was kept from seeing the suffering of the world, and did not think to ask why it was so. Freder belongs to an indifferent society whose members do not communicate with those unlike themselves; they take for granted their differences and make strong a boundary that is non-physical, merely by acting as though it was real. The people of Metropolis have every means of gaining information and far too little interest in using it.
"He said I had grabbed her, and I pointed out I had been unprovokedly attacked and was entitled to defend myself."
This week Bitchin' Kitchen had their holiday special on TV where Nadia G. prepared "The Feast of the Seven Dishes." At the end of the episode, they showed Nadia's Christmas music video, "A Bitchin' Christmas" which featured several guest stars including Vegan Black Metal Chef. He pops out of a holiday gift box to denounce bacon and praise seitan. Very cool! Vegan Black Metal Chef will also be appearing on Anthony Bourdain's Christmas special on Dec. 12th. How's that for vegans representing in unlikely places?
Rakeback is normally utilized for on the internet poker sport and any one who may have Web connection can enjoy poker on the web. You will find different web sites that host poker video games and to enter these rooms the ball player must shell out entry fee. So that you can entice individuals to go to their website and play poker the web websites supply some schemes as rakeback. In Offline rooms they will use rate cards to keep track of your funds and spend their rakeback. The poker rooms shell out affiliates to get them members for his or her sites and once a player agrees to play in a certain table, the quantity of cash the ball player generates, his rakeback could be the percentage of that accumulated dollars. The commission is usually in between 20-40%.
At Winged Foot West, Par 36
Picture the scriptwriting sessions:
The Dangerous Dogs Act is closed to being passed and it only names specific breeds….which is stigmatising them….and to the best of my knowledge, all dogs can attack and maul a human and more likely than not, it’s the owners who cause dogs to be dangerous. I think this Act needs some adjustments for it to be fair all around as well as protect people from careless owners.
The video begins in black and white with sombre music and depicts the year 2008.
They did not move the Inchcape Bell.
First of all — what is the pre-frontal cortex (PFC), anyway? Well, this part of our brain plays a role in many important “executive functions,” or high-level thinking such as:
Everyday, we are the ones responsible for our decisions. We have to choose the right way.
Sisko would knock the Vulcan on his ass, because he’s not Archer.
I set up a store on Etsy, no sales yet, but I am still figuring it out. I need to get some photos of antiques items to put on there today as I will not have my camera for about a week, which is okay, it's not being used at the moment. Plans are to send out the HP Laptop before my warranty ends since it is definitely looking grim with a keyboard that doesn't work. I really am not a fan of standing in line for Geek Squad though, I always feel a bit dopey, and last time the Geek Squad guy had to comment on all of the auto starting programs, Grrrrrrrr.........
4. Peel the blackened skin and remove seed peppers. Leave the stem on.
Finally, what does the future hold for the Indelicates?
Hope your are all well out there in blogland and the weather isn't dampening your spirits!
I went to attend conferences abroad for about a month or so. On my return I got heartbreaking news. My daughter told me in a dishearten tone with tears in her eyes that Hina is no more. She also said that Hina’s death was not a usual one.
‘Republicans have taken an overwhelming 88 percent of oil and gas contributions this election cycle. While showering politicans with cash, the oil industry also spent over $146,000,000 on lobbying last year’.
#62. sleeping with the window open
Whether you are interested in sports or collectibles or just interested in a good story, this book keeps the reader amused and enlightened. It profiles collectors and their obsession with accumulation but it also casts doubt on the integrity of many aspects of the sports collectibles market. The Card is an entertaining look at the hobby, the collectors, what drives us, and what may eventually bring the hobby to its knees.
I know whose the winner in that scenario.
Next up I planned a layout and chose some patterned papers. The chevron is from My Mind's Eye and the people paper chain is from Studio Calico. I also chose some aqua twine to coordinate.
18. Are You Shivering?
One of photography’s most honored axioms states: If your picture stinks, get closer. And while this makes for a trusty guide for improving a shot, getting close is only half the story. Getting low and tilting the camera up can take your shots somewhere pretty awesome, too. We’ve rarely seen these corollaries proven more forcefully than in this picture pair by German architecture fan Philipp Klinger.
His will stay on him for quite some time. The baby, the elderly woman, and the disabled will be revenged by sweet, sweet karma.
While other marriage books may leave us feeling overwhelmed, spotlighting our shortcomings and providing pages of relationship homework, The Marriage Manual (The Bible) written by The Master Builder makes it clear that any couple can have a successful, happy and holy marriage.
Baby bunnies running around the fields we pass on our way to school. We saw a pure white baby bunny on the side of the road (very much alive and scoffing grass) on our last drive home from Hastings! Never seen a white one in the wild before, I wondered if someone had released a house bunny and it had mated in the wild, who knows. Just love seeing the baby bunnies.
Will: No, you need to learn this.
What’s very astonishing is that Achille Mbembe’s essay is contained in a collective book edited by Thomas Blom Hansen and Finn Stepputat entitled Sovereign Bodies: Citizens, Migrants, and States in the Postcolonial World (Princeton University Press) published in 2005 - that is, one full year after Dr. Pratt and Werchik’s report was released and posted on the internet. Which means that a simple Google search could have saved Achille Mbembe from whirling around in the embarrassing conceptual rumba we read above.
Obviously, my supporting rationalization for this purely hypothetical choice would be that since, as a confirmed carnivore, I eat lamb, I can see no reason why I shouldn't wear sheepskin. So it's lucky for my ethical sensibilities that mink, sable or chinchilla pie aren't on menus too...
One consequence of multiculturalism is that the white population, the people who can rightly claim this land as theirs, are now expected to act and to speak in ways that demonstrate their support and commitment to multiculturalism. In other words, whites, as victims of these ugly policies, policies espoused by Labour and which will be continued if the Conservative Party wins the general election, must show support for something which actively encourages their racial and cultural dispossession. If they cannot bring themselves to state the vile lie – “diversity is our strength” – they must at the very least eschew any public criticism of the ethnic cleansing of whites, especially if they work in the Macphersonised public sector.
Now that we have moved into our new home and I have been given a completely blank canvas, I’ve been in my element. I’ve been pouring over my collection of Better Homes & Garden magazines, paying minute attention to all the gardens in this area, trying to picture what will work in our own garden. There is still a lot of work to do but I have made a good start and where better to start than with herbs: basil, oregano, thyme, Mexican tarragon, sage. Then onto my vegetable patch. We are already using the chard and kale in our cooking and it should not be long before we have some beans, cucumber, zucchini and lettuce to add to the list.
After phoning in the orders, we arrived to the bright orange and yellow haven. With 19 orders (and an extra mystery meal they included for free), we had to put all of the goods in a huge cardboard box to bring back! Enrique served as the taco fairy (Saboroso Santa might be more appropriate for the constant holiday season at Tiny Prints) and spread the Mexican goodness throughout Jellystone.
***Then we look for a HIDING PLACE---in our pant leg, under our leg, in our sleeve.....etc! We hold out our hands and sing....
So, there I was last night preparing my post for today, when I received a notification that I had run out of upload space. What the *&%#?? You see, being the blogging idiot that I am I have been posting full size images every day, not even thinking about how much space this was taking up. When I get to work every day and proofread my blog for the day, the pictures alway appear instantly (no loading delays), so I figured the size was fine, and I really didn’t want to have multiple versions of all of these photos on my computer if I didn’t have to. I know, I can hear you laughing already. Well, I panicked because I have never missed a day of blogging yet, but I really didn’t want to pay for extra space. I know how to resize photos, but I had no idea what an acceptable size was.
Now as a little background, morale in the hospital is currently low. And when asked what needs to be done to improve patient care, every physician I know has repeatedly said, “Do something to improve morale.” or “How can you make nursing and other staff feel that they are valued and that they are desired in their job.” There has been a lot of changes in the past 18 months with a change in CEO and the changes that go along with it. While I don’t agree with all of the changes, it is what it is. I fully understand why the staff feels a little under-appreciated, but there is also a need for professionalism regardless of what you think of someone.
Could you have been a Contender? Let us know!
As you know, Katie has really been struggling lately, and I haven't been able to get her to talk about it. We went to the cemetery to visit Jill's grave today. We brought her some fresh flowers, and we sat under the big oak tree next to her grave on the hillside. Jill picked that spot on purpose, because she knew that Katie and I would like sitting under that tree. Sitting at the base of the tree, you can look out beyond the cemetery walls and see the mountains off in the distance, and listen to the peaceful sounds of the birds nesting in its branches. Katie and I have had some of our best talks there under that tree. Today was one of them.
One of my morning activities includes planning my day ride(s). I want to get in about 40 kms. of cycling for exercise and also do my daily shopping along the way. In addition, meetings and business engagements are planned into the daily cycle.
Similarly, sadly, (tragically?) Kenneth Koth proclaims that you cannot have love, work and friends—only two of the three are simultaneously possible.
10th, after buying a 50 per cent share in the Gordon Elliott-trained chaser from the Capranny Stable Staff Syndicate in December, 2010. John Smith’s
A man who agreed to share power with his enemies in order to restore hope and prosperity to Zimbabwe.
I'm on a bit of an "anti-work" kick right now, which is understandable since I'm down to my last 30 days. One of the things I've been pondering today as I sip my tea and listen to some good old acoustic bluegrass, is how to best apply some of the leadership concepts I've learned in Corporate America to my new endeavors, whatever they may be. As I cycle through some of these lessons, I am struck by the sheer volume and magnitude of bullshit that exists out there; it's really mind boggling. When I applied for grad school back eight years ago or so, I noted on my applications that I was interested in finding out what real leadership was - but that there were more than 14,000 hits on a Google search of "leadership books and training." Between the volume of the bullshit, and the utter bullshittiness of most of it, there's no wonder that I am left sitting here wondering just what in the hell I've been doing with my career these past several years. Hmm.
The editors have put in a lot of effort to accomodate for each example the building specific characteristics. For this each representation is slightly different and the elements might be more prominent or an additional section is presented to clearly communicate how this particular example is organised across different levels.
Elizabeth suggested I prepare a mood board of ideas and inspirations, which ended up being dominated by some of my collection of old photographs. I love the weird tension of self-consciousness and self-display seen in old snapshots and cheap studio portraits, but I was keen to avoid any kind of sepia-toned, slavish recreations. It was more about taking the mood and atmosphere of these anonymous shots and mixing it up with some David Hockney dandyism/Nancy Cunard decadent glamour/gender mix-up playfulness.
Think that Women’s Studies and the opening of the literary canon mean that gender inequities in publishing are a thing of the past? Check out these stats, compiled by VIDA: Women In Literary Arts. The data, which they gathered last year as well, OVERWHELMINGLY suggest a disturbingly deep and widespread bias. Although this caused quite the kerfuffle in literary blogs and in editorials, seemingly little has changed within the last year.
Jacob leaves for work in the wee hours of the morning and works hard to get breakfast and lunch ready the night before, but the best laid plans sometimes go awry. The Nature’s Path Organic Toaster Pastries are a perfect breakfast to take on the run. The fillings are unique combinations of Cherry-Pomegranate and Wildberry Acai. If you are fortunate like us, you can snag a HUGE box from your local warehouse grocery, Costco. These toaster pastries are reminiscent of the ones from my childhood that were sprinkled with artificial colorings and fake fillings, but taste SO much better and are a special treat that passes the eco-mama test with flying colors.
The answer is " D".
Half an hour later we walked through the marine animal display, and I saw the otters. Any condescension I felt for Marissa’s childish excitement over the leopard cubs melted away at the sight of them.
Barack Obama is a coward. All his life, he has hated our traditional allies, inheriting this hatred from his father who despised them as ‘colonists’. And now as President, he is in a position to sever relations with those same allies – and that is exactly what he has done. Further to the detriment of our nation’s security, he has asserted the Muslim upbringing that is at his core by cozying-up to the Middle-East Arabs and Muslims and more recently, by recognizing and welcoming to the White House, the freedom-hating Muslim Brotherhood of Egypt. Obama hates who we are as Americans. He believes as do Muslims everywhere, that the freedoms we enjoy have corrupted us as a people. However weird that belief is, it is his guiding star and if re-elected to the presidency, it will assuredly lead to our demise as the last bastion of freedom on this troubled globe.
This wasn't part of the break at all. It came in a separate envelope like two weeks later. I'm not even sure why. But it's an xrefractor of a soon-to-be pitching star for the Dodgers. Welcome!!
Then, after a mile 18 puke and rally and seeing my sister at mile 20, it kind of all fell apart. It was steep uphill after uphill and try as I might, my legs would not go. I was depressed to see my miles slow way down, but, I was insanely proud at the same time. I was running totally alone, unable to ask for Tums or Aleeve from the volunteers as I can't speak Spanish. There was no one to make bad jokes with and surprisingly I never got my standard mile 23 Sailor Mouth. Tear filled about the uphills and my time, but overjoyed that I was even here considering I had major abdominal surgery just a few months ago. My body remembered how to run a marathon and did it.
When I first heard of the earthquake, I was deeply saddened, but there wasn't much I could do. I mean, what is there do to? We can send money to charities that are helping, but besides that, there is not much to do but move on.
I should have had Buzz's book in hand while I gave my talk. I would have read my beautiful students every word of this most moving, most meaningful, most wrenching, most clear, most important memoir, Father's Day. I am proudly Buzz's friend, and I know he struggled with this book, but on every page is proof of how an honest struggle, a desperate wrestling down, can at times yield a book that will be read for ages by all ages—not just for the story and for the wisdoms (which are many, accruing, and right), not just for the language (which is gorgeous as it both lances and limns), not just for the perfectly constructed asides that teach us the history of premature babies and savants, but also, if you want to get technical about it, for the structure. Father's Day is a perfectly structured book. And it's funny and it's sad and it moves you and it's honest. Maybe Buzz thinks the world is going to remember him for Friday Night Lights, and of course the world will. But Buzz Bissinger, I have news for you: You have just written your most transcendent book. You had all the words you ever needed. They were always waiting for you.
This week’s show is a two-hour special and features three segments. In each, a computer is used to compare performers. The first segment pits professional singers against other entertainers who are good at singing in a karaoke battle. Then, Kanjani8 takes on a team of strong singers in a karaoke battle. Finally, Kanjani8 goes up against a team of artists (so described – アーチスト) in a rhythm contest (i.e. drumming).
(Mom, you'll still attend though, won't you? Free crab--and all the wine you can drink! Plus you're certain to want your very own collectible Bride Sherry Pez Dispenser! OK, and I promise a bit of lipstick for the occasion. But the sweatpants are totally a deal-breaker. Sorry.)
So, there's my mystery. Who left this nice chicken bone sitting on the side of the road? Were they waiting to see if it would get to the other side?
So when it comes to saving and investing, they need to be more frugal and diligent about what they are doing with their money.
She finally meets a decent man--after she's oath-bound never to touch men again!
So that was lovely.^_^ Had a really wonderful day.
Last night's dinner (and tonight's) - a simple celery and potato soup.
"Watch and Wait"
Then, to reach the next cave he visits, all he has to do is position his body “horizontally between the walls of the cave—sideways—with his feet against one wall and his shoulders against the other, thrusting his muscles to fix himself there.” Then sidle his body to the right. “That’s how you’d pass over the sixty-foot drop in the floor.” (My italics.)
Water - 1 Cup
While they follow pretty much the same "pattern" as most other tutorials to make baby pants/leggings, I liked the cute reverse applique, as it was one of those simple things that I probably never would have thought of on my own!
6PM
No, not that stupid 3 Doors Down song.
without questions
Raising Eli has had it's fair share of challenges, that's for sure. But, being his mom and seeing what a happy child he is, even though he has so many challenges, has been the most amazing thing I've ever experienced. I can't believe some of the amazing moms of special needs kids I've met along the way. Moms who inspire me, educate me, listen to me, and simply "get" me!
Sadly we won’t be there this year but we warmly recommed the event!!!
You won't have your name on any character-led fiction you write, which is probably a good thing as it tends to be anodyne and unchallenging. If you're given a full plot, it's not very interesting to write. But it can be a useful way of giving yourself a bit of training (at least in obedience) and gives you the chance to write in a style you might otherwise never try .
Madelyn brings me a tiny square of paper. It's an envelope.
‘They are children, Mr Rigby, our German friends. Conditioned themselves, since Charlemagne, to believe want and need are the same instinct. Hardwired to blitzkrieg and overreach, to forget the long game, the hard lessons of harsh winters bogged down in foreign lands.’ Tremulous now. Not the first time she’d delivered this speech. ‘The Romans were no fools. Strangers come here to wither and die. Celt, Dane, Norman and English, they charged ashore waving their axes and swords and we gave up our blood and took the best they have, and when they sank into our bogs we burned them for heat and carved our stories from their smoke and words.’ SLAUGHTER’S HOUND is due to be published in June, which is around about the time when the Irish people will be going to the polls to vote in a referendum on whether Ireland should change its constitution to allow for the EU’s new fiscal treaty pact to take effect here. Essentially, I think, the battle for Yes and No will be fought on the basis of how steaming mad the Irish people are at their loss of economic sovereignty at the hands of a German-dominated EU - which isn’t strictly true, by any means, and ignores the extent to which Ireland was culpable in its own downfall (SLAUGHTER’S HOUND is to a large extent a novel about the consequences of not taking responsibility for your actions).
Though I must admit, Tharoor does have a very idealistic paradigm of the Indian political apparata which is a very impractical point of view when you have people like Lalu Prasad Yadav to spoil the show!
Texas has closed many of its juvenile facilities and may soon end up closing the rest of them, shifting juvenile supervision wholly to the counties and more aggressive community-based programming. It's too bad Mississippi looks like it will continue contracting management of these facilities instead of taking the opportuntiy to pull them in-house or, better, downsize. I'm not sure just finding another profit-driven management contractor will solve the problems the judge chastised them over.
A photographic challenge to capture one moment of gratitude everyday.
The Good news - unlike Celiac Disease or other allergies, it is possible this will not be for Life. However, I say that with a caveat. When and if, I am ever able to incorperate the other foods again without flare ups, I will have to be really careful not to go overboard. Because I will very susptible to overgrowth again.
It was only after 2006, when Pakistan again allowed their territory to be a sanctuary for jihadis, and after 2007, when our surge finally defeated al Qaeda in Iraq and led al Qaeda to refocus on Afghanistan as their main fight, that we needed to do more to keep Afghanistan in the win column. Bush ordered more troops to Afghanistan and then Obama ordered even more. With a Pakistan sanctuary we needed more troops used more aggressively to pound the enemy down, and we needed a bigger Afghan security apparatus to keep the enemy down.
This is one of the most complex beers I've had in awhile. An amazingly malty beer that breaks new ground in brewing with complexity.
Oh, and I have no voice.
Dusty was a timid blue merle who only trusted his Dad. He tolerated me for more than two years before he would even come to me. Hubby always wanted a merle and found an ad for one on the net. He bought the boy, sight unseen. The ‘breeder’/owner put him on a plane to Winnipeg. Hubby was living in Dryden at the time and drove the four+ hours to the airport to pick him up in early January. The poor guy was filthy, hair matted, covered in feces, dehydrated, teeth misshapen from chewing on the wire of his cage since puppy hood. As a result he always had horrible breath. We later learned he was kept in a travel kennel since he was weaned and used as a stud. Being too big for the breed to show, he threw litters that inherited his ‘large’ genes, hence the reason for his sale. He didn’t know how to bark, or play, or fetch and trusted no one. It took hubby a year, and one scary escape for four days to finally earn Dusty’s trust.
I think I am going to re-invent the Christmas tree this year seeing as hubs has gone away O/S for work and won't be back for a week and I can't reach the Christmas tree in the shed on account of being super dooper short and not so good at climbing ladders.
8. Adult Books- X
The two beautiful hot dogs above are from Wayne's Chicago Red Hots, recently-ish opened on MLK here in Portland. Those dogs are the real thing: Vienna Beef hot dogs with the full complement of authentic Chicago goodies including pickle, tomato, onion, weird green relish, mustard and celery salt, all on the correct poppyseed bun. After several failed attempts to get a certain stepdaughter to bring Vienna Beef dogs back from Chicago, I've finally found a place to eat them.
My end result:
What new sports will emerge?
I just laughed and put on the smirk he had hidden.
End of the story is that my mother tried to kill W with nuts but no one died.
The purpose is absolutely not for man’s sexual pleasure nor privilege, It was revealed to prevent major sins such as illegal sex and prostitution.If a man cannot make enough to provide a fair quality of life to all his wives and children, then he has no business practising polygamy because it would be disastrous to the ummah and be very afraid of the punishment on Judgement Day.
You will also be aware that Internet governance is one of the main topics on the agenda of the World Summit of the Information Society — a reflection of the importance that the Internet has in today’s world and of the need for common understandings between the main stakeholders.
it was fun.
I spent all day Sunday cleaning it. I have to say, after working on old cars, radios and outboard motors looking under the hood of an old stove is very depressing. Lots of rust and grease. But no matter the stove is hooked up and working.
Keep an eye out for the May DT Gallery to see all the projects that the DT have created.
2. If St. Bonnie wins, Seton Hall gets the axe.
Rafael received the 2010 Pura Belpré Illustrator Award for Pat Mora’s Book Fiesta! and is also the recipient of two Américas Book Awards and a 2006 Pura Belpré Honor. Many of López’s stylized folk-art-style paintings, acrylics on wood, are brimming with joy, as you can see below. (López sent a whole heapin’ ton of art for today’s breakfast, which is how you win over this blogger.) Colorful, bright, bold, evocative, and even “eye-filling” are words that have been used by reviewers to describe López’s art. “His sophisticated, multilayered textures create depth, give form and work together to create an image that is easily readable, humorous and harmonious,” Kirkus wrote about Cazuela.
Since I’ve been home from college, my mom has been bugging me about why I haven’t found a boyfriend yet, or why I haven’t started dating…
We know it’s hard letting go
Something fated about this day maybe. Great and terrible things.
A few weekends ago a few people from my Christianity class and I went up to Kansas City for the day. We went to the Mormon Temple up there and decided while we were there we might as well make a day of it.
There are only two possible explanations for the above. Either advertisers are crazy, or they are hopelessly out of touch with...the people who economically control this country.An article in MarketingDaily last week gives us good reason to believe that in the intervening three years, if anything, marketers have gotten even farther out of touch.
Hope you discover some "secrets" this week.
Who knew Penzance was that far away? Not me. And why are some of the road signs in Cornwall printed in Cornish? Who speaks Cornish? It is bad enough Tesco supermarkets in South Wales have signs in Welsh in areas where people don’t speak Welsh.
Thus, the tenants decided to forgo the standard sacrificial offerings to Gozer and just file a lawsuit against their landlord, asking for their $2,250 security deposit back.
Wow. I'm sorry but I'm not sure I can answer to that question cuz I have the feeling I'm leaving around selfish people who calls me only when they need me. When I need a little help or support, they all leave. And that's terrible !!
“By the constitution, such a body … will solve problems and open questions,” Gudar Beciraj, president of the Albanian Academy (ACS), said.
Next add your greenery -- you a can use anything here -- even clippings from a tree!
As we walked up to the nurses station, a lady in a dark blue suit, greeted Pops and asked if she could speak with him. He acknowledged her, then turned to the nurse, and asked, ‘How is Jack this morning?’ The nurse responded that he was doing well, that the medications seemed to be helping his breathing. Pops then, reached into his pocket, pulled out some money and handed it to me, ‘How about you go to the donut shop and get us each one, while I talk to this nice lady. Then when you get back, we’ll check on Jack.’ I must have had a confused look on my face, because Pops then said, ‘I think I saw one down around the corner. Can you go get us each a donut, then we’ll check on your brother? The nurse said he’s doing better and I’m sure he’d want a chocolate one.’ He turned to the nurse and asked if that would be okay, she said yes, and he again told me that it was around the corner. I told him I would and then walked back outside. I walked down the block to the corner where the big, ancient (well I thought it was ancient) church was and turned to walk on past it down the block. After walking a short distance, I found a small donut shop, and went in and got the donuts for all three of us, making sure one was chocolate for Jack. Having the donuts in hand I headed back to the hospital.
The Snow Queen (retold from a story by Hans Christian Anderson)
Hey you all I'd like to introduce myself..... Naw you know me I've just been super busy. Buzzing around here doing home things, party things and ya wedding things.. Summer is always a busy time for me. Recently one of my really good friends called me and asked me to help with her daughters wedding, "Heck ya I said". Then she let me know that it was on July 23rd and outside WOW can you say hot tamale? Well with that said you all of you know how I love weddings and we've known the bride since her and Emily were in second grade. She is one of Emilys best friends and we consider her family. It will be a simple Vintage Chic wedding and you know how I love vintage weddings.
The below video rights some wrongs about the story however, do your own research, don't take the word of Communists who worship mass murderers such as Lenin and Stalin.
"The gas is mainly hydrogen sulphide and it gives that rotten eggs smell, " said Gary Paley, of Darlington, who has been a sewerage engineer for 18 years in Yorkshire. "It usually occurs when sewage is being pumped long distances. It can become septic as it does not travel from A to B quick enough. It can also occur in flat areas where the speed of flow is slower.
I will post pictures of the event soon, but for now, I've compiled some Pinterest love and inspiration to get my creative juices flowing once more!
Chaotic.
Since looking out for number one
I always plant a fair number of annuals, because around here the summers start in May and don't often end until October. So I need things that can carry color in the garden through the long hot season. One of my best annuals are the smaller, linear-leaf Zinnias. I like the Zahara and Profusion series, and this year the one I planted was Profusion Fire (Zinnia x 'Profusion Fire'). It has bloomed non-stop since May and shows no signs of slowing down.
At my desk.”
After reading about nitrides and botulism, I've decided for this small amount of non-commercial bacon, to just use salt and pepper. And because everything I own is in a shipping container somewhere off the coast of Samurai right now, I've had to invent. So the soon-to-be-bacon is resting on an inverted saucer in my only salad bowl. It's in the 'fridge, and every 24hours, I'm going to wipe the meat off, drain any liquid off and repeat the process.
Fold bottom point of skin up to cover meat mixture. Fold left and right points into the center. Lastly, fold top point down to form a roll. Brush on beaten egg whites to seal.
Similarly, Joffrey’s also a complete monster but manages to be surprisingly effective and then you have capricious characters such as Littlefinger and Varys as well to watch for throughout the series and the rather wonderful Jorah too as well as the cowardly but sweet Sam as well.
The majority of poker players are aware of the how and the “how much” when talking about the profits of internet poker websites. Some online poker sites are getting seven, eight & nine digit sums on a yearly basis. Every last player who has played a hand of poker for cash on the internet has contributed to the profits made by the poker sites. Short of launching your own poker site, is there a way to get a taste of the action?
My father was happy with his life – he said he had lived his dream. So I asked myself – if I die tomorrow will I be able to say the same about my life? The answer was NO. Why? Because I still wanted to do more, learn more and work with something where I could make use of my talents and education. So a year after my father died, I decided to go back to school and try to make my dream real.
--four, well maybe five,
Of to Avery tomorrow...a little scared! Some guy named TRUCK has vowed to drink us under the table and beat us all in an arm wrestling competition!
The cast and crew of the latest James Bond film, ‘Skyfall’ have recently descended upon the streets of Sirkeci, or what many tourists know as Sultanahmet. Roads have been closed, sets have been built and a staff of 300 people (including Daniel Craig) are currently in Istanbul for this production. Buildings were restored, a fake bazaar was built around the edges of the infamous Spice Bazaar and the city and its visitors await to see what happens next. Rumors have spread about the millions of dollars that have been given to shopkeepers impacted by the filming. Durum shops have been kept open to feed the crew and ensure the illusion of authenticity. The filming has already created a stir. A motorcycle stunt damaged the storefront of a infamous jewlery shop near the Grand Bazaar, and the outdoor sets were destroyed by the harsh winds that overtook Istanbul two weeks ago.
To get a better understanding of this, it is helpful to go back to the days when cell phones had external antennas. When the phone only had to receive and transmit on one frequency, the phone designers could add an antenna that was resonant with that frequency. Take for example the old Motorola phone pictured to the right.
37.- The subject of education must be attended to with persevering study.
Don’t take half-measures and stop killing yourself by the spoonful.
In a strange way I quite enjoy this shift, it tests me in ways I never thought possible, you are constantly thinking on your feet and working under the most stress I have ever experienced. There just seems to be one issue cropping up after another. It allows me to use many of my skills that may not otherwise be used and which I would be at risk of losing say if I only worked a Monday morning (generally not much happens on a Monday) I relish the shifts where you don’t have a minute to yourself, where you’re constantly thinking and working from instinct. This job is based on instincts and I’ve found that you’re instincts are usually correct.
1. Boneless skinless chicken breasts, $1.47/lb.* at Fiesta (through 8/3/10)
Also important to note that if you decide you want to exit their site. You end up getting this message:
Whatever - Deep (1993 Black vinyl)
The main and only person guaranteed to do everything right and look hot doing it is the instructor, who does this multiple times a day, every day.
I will shed light today about the healing therapy for bipolar disorder. I’m sure the bipolar personalities among you readers would find this news gladdening enough. The cure comes from yoga, and yes, it does heal the disorder completely, thus enabling the person to stop the bouts of schizophrenia.
Like most gardeners, I have a surplus of seed from years past. So I went easy in my ordering this time around. I only purchased from one company, my favorite, Baker Creek, and chose a small handful of things I have been eager to try. Here's this year's highlights.
Min 21: “Newspapers are dead.”
Oh, I don't know where you came from
Jerry’s Here, Farm Fresh Produce. Farmer Jerry Sanchez of Homestead, Florida joins our other produce vendors (Cat’s Secret Garden with Green Cay and Thomas Produce) with a double booth full of fresh, locally grown vegetables and fruits.
The lysergic textures of this record can hypnotize the unwary, so do not listen to this while operating heavy machinery. The title song "Vento sul" has an open, meandering, incompleteness to it that is equally charming and beguiling. Reflective lyrics dealing with the identity politics of alternative lifestyles in the tune 'Rosto barbado' give way to playfully schizoid moodshifts in 'Mi hermoza', which alternates between open acoustic strumming and big aural spaces to a chugging midsection that is about as hard-rocking as the Valles are likely to get. Sounds as much or more like an O Terço song than the tunes here actually written by O Terço members, in fact. It is followed by "Paisagem de Mariana", a song that fits flows nicely in its surroundings and which bears a pretty heavy stylistic similarity to any number of Milton Nascimento/Ronaldo Bastos/Fernando Brandt compositions between 1970 - 72. "Deixa o mundo e o sol entrar" is a another gorgeous tune anchored in acoustic guitars with careful piano, occasional drums, and a meandering melody line that is as warm as the song's title. It is a perfect finale for this masterpiece-in-miniature. For this reissue, I actually wish they had included a minute of blank audio / silence at the end in which to collect our wits. Not that "O beato" doesn't fit with the rest of this -- oddly enough, for a telenovela track, it is as equally hazy and tripped out as anything else on this disc. But the original album has a kind of poetic closure to it with "Deixa o mundo" that gets a bit lost when followed immediately by another song.
Selling the house is totally bitter sweet. It's the end of something huge; our first home, my place of residence for the last (almost) five years, the house I made a home, the last piece of joint material item in our marriage, and more. It is the materialistic item that officially symbolizes our split and it's kind of strange. The first offer we ever got had me jumping in excitement and immediately after, in tears! It was such a bittersweet moment. That offer fell through, among a few others, and I've had time to adjust to really selling the home and letting it go. This time around felt a bit different, almost like I'm more ready to let it go. The people that are buying the house are so sweet too, and I think that really helps. It's so nice to sell your home to a couple you connect with, like, and are genuinely nice people. Sounds kind of cheesy but it's true!
Line a round, small cake tin with plastic warp, leaving some to over hang.
We then had some lunch and and headed for the train. Dispite looking like a prison train, with a thick mesh over the windows and pretty communist looking, it was very comfortable and within 2.5 hours we in Nimh Binh just as the sun was setting a beautiful red glow over the paddy fields.
‘The Ask and the Answer’ is the second in a trilogy I have been after since I read the first one a year ago, and finally found rather randomly for sale for 20p in my local library, (why the second volume and neither of the others I’m not sure, although it raises a whole new blog entry on why I would buy a fairly grubby copy of a book I’m probably not going to want to keep when I could just read it from free from the library! Stay tuned…);
We are looking to raise $2500 to cover these costs, we have a cast of 12 actors, 1 musician, 1 costume designer and 1 set/props designer, so the funding will go to covering the expenses for all of that. Once the film has been completed we will be auctioning off the costumes and props to generate revenue and expenses to cover festival entries and premières.
* I'd say if you are making it for four people to do the half recipe, any more than that do the full can of concentrate and double the remaining ingredients. Enjoy!
Sit-Ups- 78 (resting in up position only) in two minutes
- Ali, Lincs, 30/3/2012 17:26
Mearls: We'll have a series of surveys we're sending out. I also think that we might have a dedicated forum on the site for discussion, but I think Trevor might now more about that. The idea is to make it as easy as possible for us to capture feedback, while also reaching as wide an
when they were in the ships, like dead men in their graves;
However, as far as the EU is concerned it is becoming very clear that what has been created is a malevolent leviathan which does not have the true welfare of the European peoples at its heart. Indeed, in the way that it is now formed, and most evidently in its approach to immigration, it is clear that its aim is to minimise and maybe even destroy the very concept of a European nation state.
Interesting, eh? I can't make that appointment as it happens, but it sounds like someone else in Brighton wants the truth about the Mears Group and their care of Brighton's social housing to be exposed.
Yesterday my brother Ryan spotted a Blackbird going into an Ivy screen on some trellis next to my garden office and surprisingly it had began building a nest and was undisturbed my our presence and both adult birds allowed us to film quite close while they built the nest. Today I will setup some camera on the nest at varying angles and reveal some amazing shots of a Blackbird and as they have never succeeded in bringing up chicks in my garden and as they have never nested in this safer spot I think they will be successful. In my next post I shall post a video of the different angles and footage filmed from the first few days of filming.
Terri Cheney
Whole books have been written on this subject, but I'm gonna boil it down to a few simple points. First, ground, ground, ground. Ground antennas, ground towers, and ground equipment. And in the event of a thunderstorm,
That can be a familiar feeling. When things aren’t going our way, sometimes our first reaction is to think that we are being ignored or taken advantage of. “Why is everyone doing this to me?”
I have a silent house right now, so I'm trying to enjoy the quiet and the sunshine and at least attempt to get some work done for teaching. Because if I was in a classroom, this photo would be me. As an adjunct instructor, however, I work from home. I have been able to tame the paper monster at least a little bit during my between-term break (all of one week!), but I know the grading, if all the virtual stuff was actually printed, would stack pretty high.
“Stealing my thunder, young sir? Don’t think so.”
Add steaks and cook until desired doneness (I think a medium rare is perfect, about 6-8 minutes per side, depending on the thickness of your cut). Let rest on a cutting board for about 5 minutes.
Here I have 2 petals cut out and the other 3 original just to show you the difference. Like I said, optional, not required.
master at decoding baby babble?
It isn't anything crazy or outside of my box in any way.
37But he, who was lifted up by God, did not see destruction.
And I knew as soon as I hit this chorus and tears were running down my face that this is one I’m going to be playing for a long time. It’s the only song that I’ve ever played in concert where it got a standing ovation before the end of the first chorus was over.
1 pickaxes
That's why I asked her if she would be so kind as to offer some beautiful -- and delicious -- hostess gifts. As you can see, we can learn from her divine inspiration below.
My new favourite tv show is Sanctuary, a Canadian sci-fi fantasy series that originally started as a series of webisodes. With heavy steampunk leanings, Sanctuary is the story of Dr Helen Magnus, on a 150 year old British doctor, played by Amanda Tapping, who works to maintain the fragile balance between humans and sentient "abnormals". Magnus worked in Victorian England where she and several colleagues experimented with untainted vampire blood, with some unexpected results. A fun filled scifi steampunk romp with characters including Dr James Watson, the Invisible Man and, my personal favourite, the fabulously dastardly Nikola Tesla. Highly highly recommended! The creators of Sanctuary have started a new steampunk web series...Riese: Kingdom Falling - I for one will certainly be tuning in.
Where The Wild Things Are is my favorite picture book of all time. Anyone who’s read a bit of my blog knows that I love picture books despite being a teenager. Dr. Seuss’s books, Little Pea by Amy Krouse Rosenthal, and the Olivia books by Ian Falconer are all amazing, but Where The Wild Things Are is still the best and always will be. I want to write (and possibly illustrate) a picture book sometime during my life, and my main inspiration to do so comes from Where The Wild Things Are.
The Trans person is in a stage of questioning his sexual identity, and ultimately from this stage the person will either accept, deny, or reject the answers they find to their questions. Since this is often the first stage that people go through, the socio-political factors in their culture can play an enormous role in how the confusion is experienced. In an environment of acceptance and exploration this can be a more comfortable self-discovery process, whereas for others it can bring destructive feelings of shame.
Atriplex is a plant genus of 100-200 species, known by the common names of saltbush and orache (or orach). The genus is quite variable and widely distributed. It includes many desert and seashore plants and halophytes, as well as plants of moist environments. The goosefoot subfamily (Chenopodioideae) of the Amaranthaceae, in which the genus Atriplex is placed in the APG II system, was formerly considered a distinct family (Chenopodiaceae).
I lost my best friend in the whole world last year. My best friend of 13 years--the person who was always there, who loved me despite everything and was loyal to a tee. I lost him because I'm a selfish bitch, I get that. Filling that hole in my heart feels impossible...but it would be nice to have friends that were always there. Who didn't flake. Who weren't fake and didn't pretend to be something they are not.
Margaret served us and she was a doll. Her house was next door and though she was elderly and has lived in Canada and the UK, she was born only a few doors away and has returned to the peacefulness of Grenada.
Despite all this, I tore through Blackbirds and couldn't stop reading. I may not have fallen in love with her at first sight, but Miriam made for a riveting lead character and I had to find out how it would work out, because in the end I did come to care for her. The conclusion of the story is satisfying, but there are still lots of questions to be answered in the second book to feature Miriam, Mockingbird, most important of which are the why and how of her gift. I may have had my issues with Blackbirds, but I will definitely be back for more Miriam come the publication of Mockingbird, because Blackbirds is just that kind of book.
1. (Intercourse) you.
However, although there is effectively only one word for genocide, it can come in many forms. To commit genocide, it is not always necessary to perpetrate acts of violence, or indeed murder. There are many definitions of genocide, all equally effective, albeit not all as speedy as the ones chosen in Rwanda.
(The following names have been changed to protect their goofiness….and so I don’t get fired just yet.)
And they taste delicious.
Write about things that matter. If you care about your story, then other people are far more likely to care about it too.
There is no Mayoral election tomorrow but there is a referendum to decide if the Mayoral system in Doncaster should be scraped, Mayor Davies and the EDP are totally against this, even though it was one of the main pledges in Mr Davies’s election manifesto!
That it should not want to sleep anymore
Later in the afternoon was the usual ‘Duck Race’.
Early Relationship with the Muslim Brotherhood
Unfortunately, while I thought I was using crafting as a stress reliever, I've lately come to the conclusion that I was using crafting as an avoidance tool. My true stress reliever was bingeing. I'd knit to a point where I could function, put my knitting away and walk into the kitchen and go to town. At Knit Nite I'd inhale a panini dripping with cheese and alfredo sauce, a creamy italian soda, a cinnamon roll and a bubble gum milkshake as I regalled the stresses of my week.
The title was lovingly lifted from one of my favorite Gorillaz songs. I typed this into my old phone’s notepad while I was riding in a car with this song playing.
-Best sports video games?
Maggie Hutton, vice-chairwoman of the parish council, said: "If we don't fight with all our energy to the bitter end we will lose this essential and well-used community facility."
External wall insulation involves fixing a layer of insulation material to the wall, then covering it with a special type of render (plasterwork) or cladding. The finish can be smooth, textured, painted, tiled, panelled, pebble-dashed, or finished with brick slips.
These are rare; I had to haunt Hay-on-Wye for years before finding copies (pre-internet). Fresh and unmediated, here's the unadulterated voice, from the cheeky 11-year-old who signs off, 'Now I end. I am not / Your obedient servant, / P. B. Shelley' to the almost unbearably poignant last letters of a man still in the thick of things and full of literary plans. The letters describing his travels in Italy are superb, as are the ones charting the always difficult relationship with Byron. When writing about his own work he is modest, fateful, almost sad. There are no great theories of poetry a la Keats, no 'I think I will be among the English poets at my death' - and all the better for that, in my view. Give me Shelley describing a night in Venice with Byron over Keats chirupping about sparrows in Hampstead any day.
“We voted to demap parkland,” Brodsky said of the Assembly’s Yankee Stadium vote. “I don’t think the Legislature ever took a position on funding a facility, or facilities, of the kind I just described.... And in the end, although you’re smart and an effective advocate, no one elected you. And the fight we’re in is to turn these type of decisions back to people who are elected.”
Where have all the parents gone, long time passing?
Publisher: Emblem Editions
And thank you for thinking of me.
On February 23, CDCR removed the last of such beds and has begun renovation projects.
In a June general election between Barrett and Governor Scott Walker, Barrett leads by one percentage point, 47-46, among all registered voters, while Walker leads by one percentage point, 48-47, among likely voters. Both results are well within the margin of error of the poll. Walker leads former Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk 49 percent to 42 percent among registered voters and 49 percent to 43 percent among likely voters.No one should be complacent. Turnout will matter. Here's the pollster, Charles Franklin talking about the poll:
Personally, though.. I don’t think it’s offensive because being called a Jew is supposedly offensive. I don’t think it’s offensive because Jeremy Lin’s people have traditionally been called Chinks derogatorily.
One blessed hopper will win this month’s Bread Basket Bundle!!!
Datuk Seri Najib Razak has engaged in much fighting talk of late, calling on his senior ruling party Umno to ensure Malaysia is not “destroyed” by “uncivilised enemies” on the back of violence seen from both police and protestors at the April 28 Bersih rally.
And let your lips quench
4/5 stars for this fun program
"There is but one who is wise, greatly to be feared, seated upon his throne--the Lord."
Last few weeks, me and my Navy friends climbed up the hills. And I swear the road is super steep…45 degree and 90 degree. You can’t imagine how much degree we have to bent our body in order to survive. Monkeys are everywhere. Dogs running after their owner and pee everywhere. I cannot go la.
"Of course," I said.
The two accused, Daniel Dyosi, 40, and Sipho Mhlanga, 29, were charged with Meyer’s murder. They appeared in the Bellville Magistrate's Court on Monday, where their case was postponed to May 10 for a formal bail application.
Suetonius was a chief secretary to Emperor Hadrian writing around AD 120 in his work Life of Claudius:
So here’s the cat’s vow: I will not get sucked in again with first novels in a series that promise the sky… ends up being a disappointing endeavor anyway. Also, I probably made this out to be worse than it actually is. It’s a bit thriller, a bit adventure, a bit of paranormalcy and a whole lot of romance. In all of this, this is a book that reminded me of Rachel Ward’s Numbers, and a lot of people also seemed to like that one. The cat, though, is through with these generic type of books. Why not focus on female characters that are not so stereotypical in their gender roles, especially when you give them freaking special brain powers!
Steiner M, Vermeulen LC, Mullahy J, Hayney MS. Factors influencing decisions regarding influenza vaccination and treatment: a survey of healthcare workers. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2002; 23: 625-627.
In Conclusion:
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar: Water is symbol of love. In fact, in Sanskrit, it is synonymous to love. ‘Apa’ means water and it also means love. That is why, someone very close to you, what do you call them? Apta – means very dear. Apa and Apta are very close. So, giving water is not important, feeling the connection with the sun is important.
There were a couple of things we were not changing; the wall color as it was the basis of the Family Room decor, the dinette lighting and window treatments. Below is my Design Concept Board for the space...
Another person asked me last week how I do it. My reaction was, “I don’t know.”
Have you ever wondered why you put so much time and effort into writing that story — only to receive enough rejections to wallpaper a small room?
Those of you who have read my blogs before will beaware that I often write abut attacks upon white people by members of the ethnic communities. It so happens that currently this consists of large numbers of ‘Asians’.
A good basic and simple wardrobe will save you money in the long run! When you have quality basics to rely on, you will spend less money when you renew your wardrobe at the beginning of the season. Often all you'll need are some updates with your accessories.
Betsywhite Stationery: Gia Graham is the genius behind this Atlanta-based studio and I am constantly wowed by the gorgeous invitation designs she comes up with! Her style really shines through in her work and I love following her blog, too!
*uk Sweets = us 'candies'
April is a perfect time to think about all those resolutions you made that may have been placed on the backburner. With the New Year’s Eve Resolution Reset Blog App you can double check and make sure you are on the right path to making your resolutions come true!
I will remain quiet because I don't know what to say. I will be looking for the right words to express my feelings and I will tell you what I need to. Right now I just want some distraction because if I start to think, I'll be a complete mess. All I want is to chill out.
45. Warner Chappel Music owns the copyright to the song “Happy Birthday.” They make over $1 million in royalties every year from the commercial use of the song.
“There aren’t any flower shops around. The poor man probably just had them plucked from the garden. Don’t be so harsh ma’am!”, he said referring to the so called event manager. And I could swear he chucked as I looked back at the man in despair.
Drs. Blaise Aguirre and Gillian Galen give an overview of the practice of Mindfulness and how it can be useful for people with BPD and their loved one.
For Arsenal, despite recent dropped points – and to be honest, it only feels like we dropped points against Chelsea because of the Wigan result and them being so unadventurous on Saturday – their fate is in their own hands. The outcome allowed Newcastle to dare to believe and neutrals some romance, a reminder of a bygone era when a team could emerge from nowhere to be successful. That is all smoke and mirrors mixed with the tricks of time; Liverpool’s successful teams were not cheaply assembled from the council estates of Toxteth but bought in from all corners of these sceptered isles.
And wishy-washy.
Oh, I believe in you
But I recently found the next best thing from your traditional orange yam: the Japanese Sweet Potato. These lovely purple-skinned sweet potatoes are the sweetest, most delicious thing ever. And they don’t even need any seasoning or toppings– they are great by themselves.
*If you're meeting up with a friend, try brisk walking instead of coffee lang.
(picture coming soon...)
I yell everyone back into the kitchen
Matt’s half smile returned, he pulled her close and lifted her chin. “Hey, babe don’t be scared. It’s so awesome to feel the wind blow through your hair and be part of the road. I want to share that with you Ri. No one else, just you.”
Listened to today: Ghostface Killah- The Champ, Alice Cooper- From The Outside, Jimmy Eat World- Salt Sweat Sugar, Metallica- For Whom The Bell Tolls.
It was obvious all this hell was just barely to the north of us, so once we pulled off the highway going east, we had to head north to pick up my team member. Not five minutes into heading north were we hit with probably the hardest rain fall I have ever experienced. It was completely dark outside and I couldn’t drive more than ten miles per hour because of how heavy the rain was… I couldn’t even see the road lines immediately in front of my Jeep. Winds were gusting as high as seventy miles an hour and I was on a very poorly lit back road, thank goodness I had my Wrangler. We arrived at his house and went inside, just the run from the car to his door was enough to drench everyone. What’s funny is that only minutes later did the rain die out. Well, at least for now.
Anyhow, it resonated.
Thankfully, this is the last time we see Trautman. Again, he is bursting with pride over how screwed up he has made Rambo, assuring him he needs to go on this mission to find stolen Stinger missiles because he is awar machine, not someone who needs to be seeking inner peace and redemption in a monastery. To his credit, Rambo refuses, but is drawn into the conflict once Trautman is captured by theSoviets. Rambo rationalizes he has to rescue his former CO because he would do it for him, even though Trautman sat on his hands when he got captured I the previous film.
My youngest is only 12 and yet it took us 12 years to finally be able to say, “Something isn’t right.” Why? That is hard to say. Probably fear of what others will say and think. Not wanting to think that maybe I did something to make him that way. I’m still not sure. When I discover the reason, I’m sure it will be a mix of things.
Face Graphic is like the Character Graphic tab. Here you do the same thing – choose which Face Graphic you would like to represent your character. Face Graphics are used to identify characters in your party. They can also be used to liven up dialogue in-game.
Rural areas are not known for poor minorities. Rural areas have this odd habit of fostering community, hard-work, accountability, and neighborly charity. Urban areas simply do not promote or foment such attitudes.
Thankfully the supermarket is a stone's throw away from the specialty shop and I managed to come out with a Mediterranean version of my planned tacos meal.
The morning of the memorial I got two phone calls from two of the gals Rob had affairs with and who were members of the yacht club. I’d been up very early that day, got myself and my son ready so we could arrive early to make sure things were in order. I was very calm and unemotional which was great! I answered the phone and my stepdad was sitting on the couch in my Family Room straight across from me. I can’t remember now who called first, but I think it was Karyn, who I affectionately nicknamed WC and you’ll have to read back many posts to see what that means.
I can plan to go down one of three possible paths – do I plan to:
As we head into the last two weeks of Lent, I hope that your journey has been a meaningful one so far!
Will you have point of sale material around your Service Driveto aide your team in conveying yourDealerships Service Drive processes to the customer?
Things always go wrong for me.
He is encouraging to me in my endeavors.
I have the house to myself so I'm just roaming around, talking to the dog and singing loudly.
So this was the big First Night. There were questions I had to ask though. Before…Things I needed to know. I was surprised we’d got this far without discussing it. Zaheer emerged from the bathroom with a dripping chin. He was towelling his arms dry.
The Conference Board’s Consumer Confidence Index (CCI) and the University of Michigan Consumer Sentiment Survey both pointed to consumer confidence remaining generally unchanged between March and April 2012. Nonetheless, viewing the overall indexes from both surveys using a 3-month moving average, one can still see an appreciable increase in consumer confidence since the third quarter of last year. The current and expected conditions indexes for each survey moved in opposite directions this month, but once again consumers are tending to view current economic conditions and their expectations for conditions 6 months hence more optimistically.
So, to sum up, rather than protecting our nation, or carrying food to poor starving children, or just sitting and not wasting expensive jet fuel, the President has ordered that military assets be used to supplement his already extensive fleet in ferrying people and supplies around the nation, costing taxpayers hundreds of thousands.
I dont seem to have much time in the day because throughout the day i study and revise and study , and fascinating things like that, i also work at a hospital part time , im looking to work more hours and i teach English.
There’s three sides to every story
You don't know you're beautiful, If only you saw what I can see,
with you no matter what, the
Not long after that, I found a guy who was a great friend that I felt safe with and we ended up marrying and having children. Years later we divorced realizing it was more important to be happy and find the love we both wanted.
If you look around, many Catholics and priests, maybe 40%, maybe not as high in the older priests, deny the Real Presence. Inevitably, those who deny the Real Presence will also deny the divinity of Christ.
Our night out got canceled because Turner has what looks most like scarlet fever. Yes, scarlet fever. What is this, the 1800s? So he and Holden brought me flowers, chocolates, a movie, and sushi. It ended up being a great night in with the boys I love.
Mrs. Thwett gave up her attention on Jane temporarily and turned her attention to Jane. "And don't you want to go back and have your child in an American hospital?"
EcoStrip takes care of your vampire electronics in one easy device. The latest model, the EcoStrip 2.0, acts like a normal power strip and surge protector, but shuts off power to all your computers peripherals when the computer is turned off. In an electronic world that’s growing at a staggering pace, it completely eliminates the need to turn off all the switches when you are done with the computer. Sometimes this is upwards of a dozen switches. The strip is USB controlled and tied into your computer’s power setting.
Paul’s Concern and Joy -The integrity of Paul’s gospel was not the only avenue by which he was accused, his ability to care for the church and his inability to return to them only fed the fire of accusation. Paul now relates his endeavors to make his way back to them citing demonic influence as the primary hindrance. Although Paul reveals Satan as the reason for his delay in coming to them, he no doubt has in mind many of the Jewish leaders (Act 17:13). Paul reiterates that his concern is real and that he fears that their afflictions might have tempted them to renege on their beliefs reminding them that to suffer is part and parcel with Christianity (vv.3-4). However, Paul does not dwell long on this note and proves that his words a few verses before were sincere (vv.19-20), and now he tells them of his joy in hearing word from Timothy that they are prospering.
Rather than going right into the set ups, I worked on some pivoting and backed her around the cones again. Then we jogged off, stopped, and I turned to her to ask for the set up. All four hooves were placed in their perfect places! "Good girl!" Lots of praise, lots of scratches, and a smooch on the nose. She buried her head in my chest and started licking. I think she was nervous that she might do it wrong...
Do you ever mix up your metaphors, confuse your colloquialisms or have lyrical lapses?
3. Viola Davis, The Help – Viola Davis turned less than ten minutes of screen time in Doubt into a well-deserved Oscar nomination so it’s no surprise that given a leading role she can knock it out of the park (hell, she was even one of the redeeming things about Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close). She plays a strong woman in difficult circumstances, the kind of role that most average actresses would do okay with. She brings a warmth and gravitas to the part (two qualities that don’t always go together, but she makes them work).
My belief is that they have not considered the root cause of Africa’s failure. A cause that is not spoken about as it is fearfully politically incorrect, and probably illegal to speak about. That cause is the deficiencies of the black ”mentality”, for want of a better word.
I’m a sucker for unsolicited shoe compliments.
This kit includes everything you would need to make up your very own Lucy & Alfie figures, along with a very stylish handbag. You get fabric, stuffing, scissors, a needle, thread and all of which come packed in it's very own adorable pink polka dot mini suitcase.
I just wish I could reach out and touch you again.
The manufacturing process of plastic bags contributes to the pollution of the environment.
This poem I wrote, reminded me of this song, The Girl from Ipanema, which was never a huge hit song, but it always was a huge hit song. No one really knew who this girl was, but she is a goddess, whoever she is.... or was. Here the original composers sing the song in Spanish, and unless you know Spanish, you will need to listen incognito. Heehee. Enjoy. I love the softness of the chords.
My exams (some of them finals) start in 4 days. I haven't studied yet. Instead, I watched all of Tallafornia Swipes.
The 17-digit amount on his online bill shocked Mr Muszynski
A latch onto the Peel sessions is a definite possibility, though what I would like to know is, is the 100 Club set featuring the original free splat variation with Marco Pirroni and the one called Sid available anywhere (and in better fidelity than the horrid mess that's been flying around for some time)? I coulda sworn there not only was a bootleg featuring this set floating around, but that somebody (one of my adoring fans, no doubt!) had sent me a cassette of this show and it sure sounded better'n the mass of wallow that had been made available to tape to traders everywhere for years on end!
The two axles on the outside are regular axles, with the lower one being the input and the upper one being the output. The middle axle is the shifting mechanism, and can slide in its axial direction. As it does this, it will step through three pairs of gears that engage with the input and output at decreasing gear ratios, thus stepping from low to high gear. This sliding will be driven by an arm which in turn is operated by a flywheel.
2) Detroit, Michigan
Box CD5: King Shit And The Golden Boys: 01, 03, 09, 11, 13
There are two major types of carrier technology. They are CDMA and GSM. CDMA is used by Verizon, Sprint, Alltel, US Cellular and others. They don’t use what’s called a SIM card, so you can’t unlock them. The US is the major country with CDMA networks, although Canada, Mexico, India, Japan and South Korea also use them. If you buy a used CDMA phone, it will have to be used with the carrier it was programmed for.
"Ohhhhh yeah!"
So choose gratitude. Choose to be joyful. Choose to look at the positive and not center on the negative. Yes your life is an unfinished work. Yes you have challenges. Yes things are not ideal. They never will be. Not here on earth, because we live in an age that though the Spirit is here, God isn’t finished with this place yet. Someday, the book of Revelation tells us, God will wipe every tear from our eye and there will be no more weeping and no more heartache. But until then, we live in a real world that has challenges. But the sooner you can be grateful for what you have, for who you are, for what God created you to do here and now, peace will reign in your life.
This past weekend, my Novio and I went to hear a group that he’s crazy about, Bela Fleck and The Flecktones. He’s been raving about them for years and last weekend I finally learned why. Have I been living under a rock? The music they make is pure joy. Emotionally exhilarating and intellectually stimulating. Mostly instrumental, it just cannot be pigeon-holed into any particular genre. Jazz, bluegrass, fusion, classical, funk, world music – they flow from one to the other. These guys are geniuses. Bela Fleck plays the most awesome banjo (check him out, Lior!).
In the case of lingual frenectomy, the dentist removes the tissues / lingual frenum developed too close to the tip of the tongue which is either causing speech problems or hindering the development of teeth. Lingual Frenectomy is quite common in the case of children diagnosed with tongue tie or clipping of tongue problem.
I had wondered if I would ever need the item. It was quite expensive, it used batteries which is something I despise only slightly less than recharge only items, and I had no real use for it, then. Now, however, I find myself pleased with my daring. Daring my finances not to kick me for the purchase, daring my government not to arrest me for it, and daring something bad to happen so that I could extol my wisdom involved with the purchase. The goggles worked well, third and a half generation, they said. Do these salesman dolts know what they are talking about, or like sports announcers, are they just oozing words out of their face for no other reason than that their ears lead to a void? As I said, it works, quietly, very well, and is not supposed to be able to be seen by other units, giving no trace while being able to see some of the other such devices. Ah, but if it could eliminate sound, I would surely have it.
Let me share an example. Last night, Kade invented a new game. On it's face, it seemed pretty simple and fun. He took a sheet of paper and divided it into 64 equal squares, and then numbered each square. He and I used chess pawns as our game pieces, and then took turns drawing two playing cards each from a deck, adding the numerical value of the cards together, and then moving our pieces the appropriate number of squares. As we got closer to the 64th square, we decided that we needed to land exactly on #64 to win, and that we could use only one of the cards instead the total of the two once we got close. Now, an 8x8 numbered grid makes things pretty easy, if you think about it. If I needed to move eight squares, well that was just moving down one space. If I needed to move ten, that was down one and over two, because eight and two equals ten. Oh, the permutations . . . we tried the game several ways, at one point starting from different ends so that one of us had to subtract and the other had to add. It was great fun.
Title: Centauri Dawn (Book One in Series)
Q: What if editorial content is presented via the functionality of the digital device?
4 cloves garlic
Sam “Lightnin’” Hopkins was born on March 15, 1912 and left us on Jan. 30, 1982 at the age of 69. His career spanned from the late 1940s until the end. Meeting Blind Lemon Jefferson in the 1930s after hearing his music when very young, his journey began. It has been said that Hopkins had recorded close to a thousand songs but rarely performed outside of his home state of Texas until almost 1960 from a fear of flying.
So it was recommended that we move on to IUI or IVF but we probably can’t get all the logistics in place to start doing it until August at the earliest. I don’t know why it takes so long but then again, patience was never my strong suit. For IUI without any fertility meds we’d be looking at costs of about $2500 for each cycle with 2 actual inseminations occurring. (Right now we do 4 or 5 each month.) If we decided to use fertility meds for that process we’re looking at more like $3000-6000 per cycle. For women my age the general success rate for IUI is 20-25% per cycle. The success rate for IVF is more like 50% per cycle, which sounds appealing but it’s also a multi-month process which will cost more like $11000 per try. On top of that, you have cryo storage fees for embryos that can be saved for another attempt and for donor sperm units that have been purchased but not used. Making babies this way is expensive, people!
LOST IN TRANSLATION
This is the same kid who was previously banished from my sister's property....she now tells him she loves him and hugs him. He's helped her greatly clean up her property and even killed several scorpions in the process (the only time I've heard this deep-voiced boy squeal like a girl).
How much moola do we have to raise to get you to post your dance video so we all can see you in your jiggin' with it glory?
Make your note an emotional experience; look for the emotional connection that is leading you to put pen to paper.
Please call Hilary Green to reserve your spot at 416-944-1740 x 5
2 Baseball sized onions, sliced in thin rings
Find an forum to join that’s main topic is home business. Being a member of this kind of forum gives you the opportunity to communicate with other home business owners. You can commiserate with people who understand what you’re going through.
Next along the 'new in bottle' chain comes Ilkley's Stout Mary - a 4.5% Oatmeal Stout. The bottle states: "Malts - Pale Malt, Roast Barley, Chocolate and Crystal, Hops - Galena and Bramling Cross, Water - From the Yorkshire Dales." It's not as dark as I'd have expected but each to their own.
I started in the Winter so we've been getting lots of greens such as swiss chard, bok choy, broccoli, green beans, lettuce, spinach, kale, Romanesco, and Tanaka Farms delicious carrots. Oh, those carrots are so tasty.
Bind, bind and bind.
Smyth’s Ranelagh
A huge thanks to longtime contributor Annette for leaving this helpful comment (with coupon match-ups!) on the You Tell Me page yesterday:
Cut the cable or satellite on your TV!
The hostage answers, "No, but my wife did".
And in those 11 days, I have gained more than 10 levels. In fact, I had planned a post on “what ship should I choose” – because I was not sure if I wanted to branch out and try cruisers, in part because I intensely dislike the Defiant (errr…”Tactical Escort”) and I’m not a huge fan of the Intrepid class either. But after some consideration, I realized that 1) I was going to hit Captain long before I thought I was and 2) for $6.25 + some leftover Cryptic points from my pre-order and some survey I did, I can purchase the Long Range Science Vessel Refit, aka the Bellepheron, aka the “USS Voyager, only much cooler looking.”
Aviva
And truthfully, there isn't a lot else in my garden.
*Lines 1, 4, and 7 are the same
Directions: Please Read
Did you feel that SuperMoon last night? I couldn't sleep so I worked on the computer for a while and came up with what I call my "Howl Quilt" from a third dorje array of quarter dots. I started with this:
Serve the chocolate fondue with assorted fresh fruit, dried fruits, pretzels, pound cake cubes, marshmallows, or anything else that sounds good to you. If you have leftovers, you can refrigerate this and gently reheat it later either in the microwave (low heat, stirring every 30 seconds) or on the stove, stirring constantly until it is mostly melted before removing it from the heat and stirring until the rest has melted and incorporated.
Frozen fog. I am always so irritated with myself when I forget how beautiful frozen fog or a good ice storm can be. Where is my mental note that reads "when it's foggy and freezing, skip the shower, grab the good camera, and get out there!"? Nowhere is where it is, so I ended up pulling over for a few quick snapshots on the way to work last week.
“Their first 7’’ single “Saturday Night’/'Sunday Morning’ came out in 1980, and featured a real metronome as rhythm section with instrumentals layered over. The second, ‘A Circuit Like Me’/'Closed Circuit’ from 1980, is more experimental in terms of drum machines and rhythm sections. Both sides were recorded using a borrowed Roland CR 78. It was the first time that they had used a vocal in their compositions, courtesy of a lady called Talking Judy.
The grace that comes from knowing
4. In the same (unwashed) skillet, melt the rest of the butter (25 gm) over low heat. Gently fry the shallots still golden and softly caramelized, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and fry. Once garlicky aroma hits your nose (no more than 1 minute), add the 5-spice powder. Stir briefly to mix evenly. Once aromatic, transfer mixture to a small bowl. Set aside to cool.
4. The YA book market is a competitive place, what do you think sets The Hunt apart from the pack?
Moderator: Yuping Mao (University of Alberta)
Now I'm crossing everything that third time will do it.
I probably should have taken a page out of his book. Leaning backward like that increases his moment of inertia, and should actually reduce the rotational velocity a little. Clinging to the center post, if anything, probably made my ride faster.
It teaches patience
Seré Prince Halverson
I decide the best way to distract myself is to go and talk to Simon and Fishy who are right in the middle of all the other office people. Simon and I start chatting and I decide I want to wear his watch. He lets me wear it and I make him wear my bracelet. We both giggle at this and he gives me a hug.
On the home front, the kitties are being pretty good, at least by their standards, haha.
"There is a particular situation in the north that needs a solution, but neither violence nor barricades, or a referendum contributes to it," EU spokeswoman Maja Kocijancic said. "Only a dialogue can achieve that."
Julius Matovu is the Research and Program Coordinator for Grameen Foundation’s AppLab Money Incubator.
Who knows? Anything is possible these days.
- Attending 80000,0000 meetings today
then one day while in a dreamfast, a golden eagle came and spread
Contestant: Jesus
Mac’s ploughing work was for the war effort. He had to plant Rye for Rye bread. The land was not suitable for barley or wheat. The top soil was very good with a sandy sub-soil which meant the soil was not waterlogged as it did not hold the rainwater.
Whisky Galore!
- She loves to draw with any medium she is given. She is also particularly fond of gluing things into a collage and wiping the glue all over herself.
I didn’t really intend for this post to be a about my cousin, although it did turn in that direction. More so, my point was that life goes by so fast. One minute I was playing with my dolls in my childhood home, and in the blink of an eye, I’m half way through college. Scary.
When your life is all about Doingness, it’s all about action. It’s about checking things off your “to-do” list and then moving on to the next thing, and the next one, and the next one! “Doers” believe that when they perform the right actions, they’ll get everything they need and more.
But these methods are quickly becoming obsolete. Nearly 20% of all relationships now start online, while a recent survey of baby boomers found that almost a third of new couples met on a dating website. EHarmony.com alone claims to be responsible for nearly 5% of American marriages.
What’s been the hardest thing to give up?
Ok, here's the fact: I got passed going full speed on my bicycle by a skateboarder
He said that the Golf sped off and the police's collision unit vehicle could not catch up with it and the officers decided to render assistance to the injured.
How many times have we seen simple milds with 5, 6 or 7 ingredients. 3 different sugars with a caramel addition and some colored priming sugar. This, sorry to disappoint, is made up of a single malt. One. Single. Pale. Malt. To get as close as possible to the original version I would use mild malt. Paul’s Mild, if you can find it, is the best you can buy.
The best way to attract air services to Scotland is to have a low tax, low regulation economy. It would also help to re-establish our once world beating education system. Subsidising airlines is not the answer. Eliminating the Air Passenger Duty on the other hand is exactly what's needed.
Any mix of the following fabrics-
Ray is a great character too, along with her cute exagerrated Welsh accent. Given that she loses Billy to Delta, the end of the story would have been the perfect moment for her to become a companion. But that would have of course meant no Ace and it would have altered the character of Seasons 25 and 26 enormously to have Ray in the TARDIS.
“C’mon boy, I’m not going to hurt you,” I coaxed him over to me, wishing I had been sensible enough to bring some treats. He sidled toward me, giving the shower cubicle as wide a berth as possible.
Romantic, misanthropic, operatic (the extraordinary score is by Bernard Herrmann) and genuinely mysterious, this is classic Hitchcock and is a rich and strange experience to be savoured several times over. Hugely influential (everything from Verhoeven’s Basic Instict and Gilliam’s 12 Monkeys to Jaco Van Dormael’s Toto the Hero and several homages by Brian de Palma, most notably Obsession). My favourite San Francisco Mystery. From the novel ’D'entre les morts’ by Pierre Boileau and Thomas Narcejac.
to hold blue
As usual, we’ll be showing a selection of Short films from Manchester, Salford and the North West but not entirely in this session. We’re adding fantastic little animation by London director/animator Steven Spencer called BEST, about the life, fame and fall of Man Utd’s former superstar GEORGE BEST. This just has to be seen, please do not MISS IT!
Robbie B: What are your thoughts on Stargate SG-1, Atlantis, and Universe? I havn’t seen blog posts about them, please tell me that you have watched them! Also, have you watched any of the Warehouse 13 series? If so, what are your thoughts?
It was a lot to think about and I asked for a few days to make a decision.
I am warm and dry, inside. Feelings are safe.
3 Large egg yolks
But given the number of abused, neglected and abandoned children in America where five children die every day as a result of abuse and 21% of American children live below the poverty level - it is a travesty and a true assault on the sacredness of life to suggest health care for all, with free access to contraception, is anything less than a medical necessity and a basic human right.
PPS: Screw the Karnataka PU Board
Julie-Anne’s mum left her a note about library books, and on the back Julie-Anne wrote her shopping list for Asda in Fulwood, squeezed between the north Preston sprawl and the M6. Looking at her huge blobby handwriting and the various purchases she intended to get, I imagine that J-A is probably one of those people described as being larger than life. Mommy dearest signs off with “love you x”, although if she knew the crap that Jules eats and how bad her spelling is, perhaps she’d wish she’d gotten round to reading Caring For Children: A Foundation Course by Penny Tassoni (ISBN: 0435401653) a little sooner.
My boat is not covered, and there’s no food on it anywhere. It’s meticulously clean. I know because we clean it from bow to stern after every outing.
When in July 1961, I saw the distinctive Ken Barr cover in my weekly Victor Comic I just couldn't believe a comic could look that good. It was the drama of the scene and the British paratrooper falling into the cliff side nest of Nazi gunners with their helmets all aglow with the last rays of the setting sun in the beautifully executed reflections that added so much extra punch to Barr''s work.
FIDDLEHEADS:
Logan: YES! TNAK YOU JACKSON! I’M SPIDER MAN!
2/3 cup couscous
Craptastic, BS 12345-67
And love burn in thee
Recipe: The Best Roast Chicken You'll Ever Have
Buncheong ceramics emerged as a distinct Korean art form in the 15th and 16th centuries. Colors range from cream to titanium white, some with decorative elements in black. The work is elegantly simple but with a homey, spontaneous quality that adds to its appeal. There are numerous shapes on view - bottles and bowls in all shapes and sizes. Some of the decoration is whimsical and one - of a dog squatting to do his business - slyly funny. Other pieces have carved or incised images of flowers, fish, birds, trees and other natural motifs.
Hope everyone has a wonderful week!!
Whenever we get the chance, my mum and I take a special day trip to the gorgeous Bertie’s Vintage of Craven Arms. Plenty of time needs to be set aside for these excursions, because the minute one steps into the shop, off the perfectly ordinary market town Street, it is quite difficult to extricate oneself again. Like the King’s Cross platform, this shop is completely unexpected.
Get that silver ball out!
He went around to the side and was halted by a tall, thick woman with short cropped black hair and likely more muscles than he had. She wore jeans and a T-shirt and looked more like a wrestler than a day care worker.
There are practical advantages to being an Irish citizen (automatically if you or a parent were born in Ireland; possible otherwise, through a grandparent, marriage or residence). There is no restriction on dual citizenship. An Irish passport can be more acceptable – and safer – in certain situations and countries. It also allows the holder to stay and work in any country of the European Union. Citizenship, which does not carry Irish tax obligations (these are governed by residence rather than nationality) could have tax advantages, in the hands of a smart accountant. Be careful, however; to make it worthwhile the exercise might involve compromising your existing citizenship or some of the rights it carries; so hire a lawyer first. Finally, there is no half-way house; every Irish citizen has the same rights.
Where has March gone? I can't believe we've already changed the clocks and officially welcomed Spring. This has been a crazy busy month since I started my new job. I'm loving it but the days are flying by, which can be both good and bad. Unfortunately the warm weather we've been having has been replaced by cooler, more seasonable temps, so my idea of summer food will have to wait a few more weeks. In the meantime I'm taking this opportunity to enjoy some cold weather favorites before putting them back on the shelf for a few months.
An excavator on a barge!
This is the view of the are inside the main window (bear in mind that this equals about half the entire place!):
My favourite stylist is the UK based reality TV fashion stylist Gok Wan. Gok always styles up women of all ages in less fabric, not more, and in fashion forward, figure hugging, downright sexy designs. They always come off looking fabulous, they make their husbands cry with joy and even my boyfriend always comments they look about ten years younger.
Hell, the O-man reduced NASA to little more than a Muslim-outreach program – why shouldn’t he straighten out the Secret Service, too? Besides, they’ve been somewhat distracted lately anyway.
But thats because Monday is my birthday and I'm looking forward to being pampered and doing ......well not much at all really !!! Lol
Stand affirmed now and forever
The Trustees of the Medicare program have released their annual report on the solvency of the program. They calculate that the program is “expected to remain solvent until 2024, the same as last year’s estimate.” But what that headline obfuscates is that Obamacare’s tax increases and spending cuts are counted towards the program’s alleged “deficit-neutrality,” Medicare is to go bankrupt in 2016. And if you listen to Medicare’s own actuary, Richard Foster, the program’s bankruptcy could come even sooner than that.
Silvio Cascione – Reuters, 03/22/2012
"Who do you think you are?"
And Ladies and Gentlemen...your next Iron Chef is....Clark!
You can crumple & tear.....
For every book there is a market, even though the market is a buyer
Bouncing up and down on my dick like an addict
Join me in using an item of fabric, pattern, book or other item that was given to you in a giveaway or as a present from a family member or friend and showcase your project on your blog this week. This is a great time to get around to using that amazing pattern you won in a giveaway, or that lovely fabric someone gave you--even those buttons or special notions that you've received! Haven't received any material sewing items lately? That doesn't matter either--we can be sew grateful for the time people put into organising sew-alongs, tutorials, etc. Why not jump in and participate in that sew-along you missed or make something from that tutorial you've been thinking about? Even if you don't get around to finishing a project, maybe spend some time blogging about what you're grateful for in relation to your hobby and the sewing community?
Power: 84/100
2) Lady Gaga: Always transforming herself and staying fresh in the spotlight, Lady Gaga has shone as bright as every this past year. Yes she does weird things and dresses like a transvestite, but Gaga still remains a positive role model in the celebrity world. She is an avid activist who believes in fighting for your rights, and is an icon for gays and lesbians across the world. One particular PR move that made people love and appreciate her even more was this past fall when a 14-year old boy from Buffalo, New York, Jamey Rodemeyer, committed suicide due to peers bullying him for being gay. Lady Gaga was his number one role model, and when he took his life she took matters into her own hands. Gaga spoke at the iHeartRadio Festival saying that “bullying must become illegal. It is a hate crime.” She also tweeted about it and created a lot of buzz.
Between Valley Forge and Lititz, we stopped in West Chester to visit the Book Barn. It’s a lovely old stone barn that houses five floors of used books. These books range from first editions to the David McCulloch biography of John Adams (which Ruth purchased for $10…it was hardback and in mint condition!) After the Book Barn, we headed into West Chester for lunch and found the wonderful Market Street Diner. It had wonderful food. We highly recommend it should you ever find yourself nearby.
one concession I'll make to NtH is that hockey is actually fun to watch live. It is actually fast enough that shit is always going on, which keeps my drunken attention. I still have no idea when a goal is scored, but fast and sometimes blinky things make a drunk Maxwell happy. This is why I can't do YouTube sober.
Okay, now that you've had a long-winded introduction to these precious children in my life, here are the completed stools:
You see? Neither you nor I can find it in our hearts to process that, but it's right. Dead Wright.
Note: as the members of the Hilton Head Gang (HHG) are on our most wanted list, I will be posting one member's mugshot each week - stay tuned! Also, visit the blogs in my blogroll to see more mugshots of the 'gangster' of the week as my fellow-painters from the workshop will post their interpretations!
But whether or not we have a romantic special someone, we have something amazingly better, if we trust in Christ for salvation. We have everlasting love from a Savior, love sincere and true enough to suffer and die for us. We have total acceptance by God, purchased for us by Jesus. We have eternal joy. As Christians, we know what true love is. Valentines Day is a perfect time to put aside the thought of wishing our lives were different, and recall to mind the wonderful truth of what we have. It is a the perfect time to remember the love of Jesus.
Being a counselor, owning and operating a small recovery resource network, and sharing my story of experience, strength, and hope as a vocation is as rewarding as it is challenging. There will always be those who question my motives and my method. There will always be more to carry out in a day than is actually possible. There is a constant gnawing though, a spirit of discernment that confirms my being and doing exactly what it is I do. The motives and methodologies are really only the concern of my clients, not the naysayers. I share what I know, I refer when I can, and I am constantly learning and growing as a business owner. Mistakes come with risk, and without risk neither I nor the company keeps the required growing momentum.
Additionally, I've used a bird (which also happens to be wood bird by Kaiser Craft, another evidence option), gesso, border punches, and florals! So I went a little crazy with the evidence- but those are all things I use anyways, so it was pretty easy ;).
Slow by slow, piece by piece,
loveseat
* A mother holds her children’s hands for a while, but their hearts forever
Michelle Dicinoski provides a personal account of travelling to Canada to marry her US partner in Toronto.
Among other things, Hitchens claims to be an atheist, and he writes that the Bible, and the Old Testament in particular, is a wicked document. He has gotten a lot of publicity for his book, even from conservatives like Hugh Hewitt, who disagrees with him, but likes him because he supports the war on terror. Supporting the war on terror is supposed to make everything else excusable. I read part of a transcript of a so-called debate with Mr. Hitchens on Hugh Hewitt’s show, but I didn’t read it all, because I felt very frustrated that his opponent didn’t challenge the obvious errors in the “God is not Great” book.
“They used to make coffins there.”
something happened last evening.
Trey and Gloria get a gym in East L.A. to sponsor them. There, Lina combines the Sea Lions and the Rough Riders making the ultimate dream team. Together they compete in the All-star competition and defeat Avery and the Jaguars.
The world is full of so many serious problems, as Dharma summarized in his questions. But these problems only show themselves when Śrī Krishna is not seen. Therefore to most lamentable problem of all is to be without the company of Śrī Krishna.
A short story collection Lovers in the Age of Indifference just came out in english, which is a book I like very much. 17 stories on lovers’ relations. I am now working on – of course, some new ideas….
If your company is facing the prospect of having to make redundancies, ensure that you follow the correct procedures with the help of these professionally written template redundancy documents.
See that goal that you so desperately want to hold.
A shadow appears at the edge of the window and the next second a huge shape fills the window.
Anti-White.
Although the purchase contract failed to be signed, Tae Mu asks President Yeo to give Lee Gak a second chance.
Speaking of playroom....
Whipped lubricant is like icing on the cake! Designed with your man in mind, this cream lubricant contains skin-softening shea butter, giving it an emollient texture that makes it perfect for use with c-rings, and sleeves. Whipped comes in several kissable varieties or in Original. 3 fl. oz. / 90 ml.
With all of that cheese, a heavy side dish would have been a disaster. I made two salads. The salad on the left is fennel, orange, and arugula with an olive oil, lemon and pepper dressing. The salad on the right is my bok choy, jicama, apple slaw. Since we had orange in the other salad, I substituted pineapple juice (and some pineapple bits) for the orange juice. I was also not that thrilled with some of my bok choy and had some romaine lettuce that needed to be used so I did half bok choy and half romaine. Tasty stuff.
I hope you know how much each and every comment meant to me.
- - - - - - - - -This allows me to segue into another thing that blasts anti-Semites’ credibility into pieces – their inability to be intellectually consistent when it comes to the Jews. Let’s take the question of Israel as an example. Just about every paleocon Jew-baiter loves to kvetch about how those evil Israelis are war criminals and how they’re violating the human rights of the Palestinians. It’s quite amusing to see the likes of Pat Buchanan and Taki Theodoracopulos, who couldn’t give a shit about the human rights of any other group of darkies on the earth, turn into weepy, bleeding heart liberals when it comes to the Palestinians. I could understand it if the Palestinians were of European extraction, but so far as I can tell, they basically look like garden variety Arabs. From the perspective of a racist, the Palestinians are just another group of sand-niggers, so why do they get so much love from the Jew-haters? Answer: these sand-niggers are a stick with which the anti-Semites can beat the Jews. The Undiscovered Jew brought this issue up at Half Sigma’s recently.
Rainbow Road 2:16:246
Gateway mobile services switching center (GMSC):
The time leading up to and a little while after the main energy session can be a little bit like a roller coaster ride. You can feel very energized one day and then tired the next day as you release more toxins. Just realize that every time you don't feel good that it is a powerful time for healing and that you are raising the vibration of your energy system. It is good to stay hydrated and drink extra water (warm not cold) during this time.
It's Thursday again so time for another fun challenge at Digital Pencil Too! First of all I have to tell you we were amazed at the awesome number of entries we had last week: 64!!! Wow! That's truly fantastic! Not to mention they were all spectacular; it seems Mo's images are perfect for celebrations and holidays:) I already knew this, I'm glad you also agreed with us:) Now, my dear DT sister Pat would also like to see you
Holy mounds of batman crap I lost interest in writing about SXSW this year, didn't I?
She had always loved to read, even
snifffffffffff.... if i close my eyes i can still smell her perfume lingering around her vanity.
Left to my own devices, I feel like I would never have watched today’s movie. It’s not that it looked bad, but all it seemed like to me was Matt Damon and Emily Blunt running away from a bunch of guys wearing hats. And that was EXACTLY the script that I was working on! I had to put that aside when my friend Phil recommended that I watch the movie. I was able to find the movie in a local RedBox and give it a watch. The movie is The Adjustment Bureau, written and directed by George Nolfi, and starring Matt Damon, Emily Blunt, Anthony Mackie, John Slattery, Terence Stamp, Michael Kelly, and Jon Stewart.
So, I'd had some refreshing about how to handle myself at blackjack, although I came away without a clue as to what goes on at the craps table. No matter, though! Soon enough, we found ourselves out in the desert at a strange sort of oasis where a cloud of smoke hung overhead and daylight seemed a distant memory.
This pudding is a prime example.
Excellent digital radio broadcast. The precise date of this show is unknown, but probably follows the release of second album "Candy-O" as there are two songs from that album, with the remainder from their self-titled debut, which came out in 1978.
- Marcos
1 articulated
-banks unwilling or unable to lend money as they try to save themselves
if it wasn't so sad. I received this from a friend and was speechless. Just listen. I wonder what color the sky is in her world.
7. Paint (with a kitchen/bath enamel paint)
*IMPORTANT NOTE: Some of the details of this event have been altered to maintain patient confidentiality. Also, this blog post was not meant to be accurate in regards to proper first aid procedures. Please visit www.redcross.ca or your local provider for more information on how to become certified in First Aid, CPR, and/or AED.*
ME: OK, what's a velour pour l'hiver?
Uncle Dick is feeling sick, he’s running for the loo
Our other starter was the Pork Belly mixed in with leaves, capers and a sweet mustard dressing (I think it was sweet mustard), this was nice but the belly should have been a little more crispy on the fatty top.
I know I did.
Once we had our shortlist - agonising for me because I should have liked our longlist to be our shortlist, if you see what I mean, but we HAD to stop at six - we had to re-read them and were joined in this by four more teenagers, whose ideas I certainly had not predicted. But I must say, if these are our future, the country is in very safe hands. Here's a photo of them with the shortlisted authors who could be present, taken by the official Booktrust photographer:
Then I hear Ele walking behind me and turn in time to see her throw her arms up in the air and say: "F***ing grief!"
Patterned Paper: Wanderer by Basic Grey
“Right.” Swain cleared his throat. “I need you to get in touch with Talon. We need to plan our move before the match against the Commandos. There’s allot riding on the outcome, and I want to make sure we win,” explained Swain.
Clearly,Raimi has a true love of the early Spider-Man books, and he shines with his choices in this installment. He modernizes the characters without sacrificing why they work. I was so pleased with this one that I could not wait for the third film. If you are doing a second installment of a super-hero franchise? You should watch this and X2. If you just like super-heroes? You should watch this and X2.
Thank you very much for stopping by.
Oh my gosh, a panda!
At the news conference in Queens, the mayor was asked if he had spoken about the protests with his girlfriend, Diana L. Taylor, who is on the board of directors of Brookfield Office Properties, which owns Zuccotti Park.
“Touch me,” he screams.
What was also surprising (I think I should have expected) was that it was hot. Like HOT hot. I mean Texas in mid-January isn't super cold, I think we were in the 40's, but going from that to 80 is a jump. Needless to say we were all ready to bust out the swimsuits in the airport parking lot, especially since our driver was a tad late.
The Height of Raised Bed Gardening
8. Because I’m bad with names. And faces, apparently.
As we were checking for phone messages to try to figure out what was going on, a woman walked up to the office door. She was an angel. Her partner has had cancer since 2007, so this woman has known Dr. Witta for a long time - and she had the doctor's cell phone number!!! Soon, we were sitting with Dr. Witta in his office, looking at a DVD of Michael's scan. From what the doctor can tell (this is not official - it has to be read by a professional PET scan reader), the cancer has not spread past the areas that were already seen on the CT scan.
The further west the wagon train traveled, more disasters followed. The emigrants were forced to deal with a severe thunderstorm and a cattle stampede that left the only son of a black emigrant named Absalom Jones (Neville Edwards) dead. Not long after the storm and the stampede, both Naomi and Rachel married two of the wagon train’s scouts, Skate and Jim. But that brief period of happiness failed to last when the wagon train attempted to travel through a pass. While traversing a pass, a wagon broke free, knocked Rachel down and ran over her leg, causing a severe compound fracture. The leg eventually became infected. Hobbes, the closest thing to a doctor available, tried to amputate Rachel’s leg; but his efforts turned out to be clumsy and Rachel died before he could finish. Although no family member angrily demanded that return to Missouri, the expression on Jacob’s face obviously conveyed his feelings of guilt.
LS: I was always in love with plays and movies, so I started writing psuedo-screenplays when I was a kid. I still have many of them, including "Ripple", a romantic dramedy about dying dolphins, "starring Lorene Scafaria and Ethan Hawke". With those delusions of grandeur, anything was possible. I wrote a few plays, put up my first in the greater New Jersey area, and eventually put up a relationship play in New York called "That Guy And Others Like Him". I was answering phones at a film company, doing an embarrassing amount of extra work, and decided to adapt the play into my first true screenplay. I wrote two other scripts, then started looking for an agent and moved to LA. Five scripts deep, I teamed up with my then-roommate on a children’s adventure called “Legend Has It”. It wound up being optioned by Revolution Studios so that was technically my first job. Two years later, I wrote “The Mighty Flynn”, which was number eight, and got it set up at Warner Independent. I was basically hired off of that to adapt “Nick and Norah’s Infinite Playlist” and that was the beginning.
*we toured greenwood, ms and saw where the help was filmed
My friend Casey showed this to me last week, and I have literally spent a ghastly amount of time looking at these and LAUGHING MY HEAD OFF!
Christine every Monday has been doing a beautiful job using her Mondays talking/writing about the 12 things Happy people have in common. Even though I LOVE to bust her chops…cause I love her so dern much…I also LOVE that she is doing this….
In a small bowl, using a fork whisk together two eggs, the milk and salt till frothy.
Because I wanted it to last
The KwaZulu/Natal province of South Africa is internationally renowned for its colourful Zulu bead work. Traditional color combinations and patterns can still be found, but modern Zulu bead work is evolving towards more contemporary styles. More than simply decorative weavings of intricate bead patterns, the bead work has often been used as a means of communication between genders, conveying messages of both courtship and warnings.
The start up costs to getting into cycling can be higher than you expect. If you are looking to do a decent amount of cycling (5+ miles recently) you’re gonna have to look into getting bike shorts and clip-in shoes to make the most of your bike. And that’s gonna run about $150-$200 for quality stuff. But let me tell you, bike shorts will save your butt and sit-bones from a lot of soreness. Clipless pedals and cycling shoes will add about 2-3 mph to your speed without doing anything else.
Anyways, here is the card that I created for my son's birthday.
We have remained faithful to them for 5 years.
Why this is something Founded would like to advertise to clients is beyond me. But what do I know?
Where I won't have to speak my mind
How about the Black Panthers? They have been instructed by experience that voter intimidation is acceptable with the appropriate amount of melanin.
No wonder women turned instead to the goddess who welcomed them open-armed, and offered love instead of wrath. No wonder women baked sweet cakes and poured honey wine for the queens of heaven. And then Ahijah raged, and ranted, and demanded to know what sin women carried, that they turned away from a god who had already denied them!
And then I got to the dress-up box.
Government officials are turning to the humor community in response to an attempted bombing by a Nigerian jihadist on Christmas Day. Previous contributions by the nation’s funnymen resulted in much of the current system, and it is thought a new round of outrageous ideas can further enhance the fight against terrorism.
Morland's Old Speckled Hen 5.2%
For the third criteria, there is plenty in this book to move my spirit. I laughed uproariously at several stories, especially his elementary school pranks. My spirit was moved with sadness when he lost his company and especially so when he was repeatedly victimized by cancer. I was also moved to reflect numerous times in accounts of his treatment of employees, and even his own family.
On the Appalachian Trail, 'Vitamin I' refers to Ibuprofen, the friend of hurting hikers. Ibuprofen allows people to hike on, not listening to their aching knees and ankles, often hurting themselves in the long run.
Well, that sums up our recent happenings. The next handful of months we plan to be kegging a few of our special one-off barrel-aging projects and make some barrel-fermented farmhouse-style fruit beers (with a grower we met at the PSU market) to get some new things going. Until next time..
Since the weather sucked donkey balls this morning (it poured like crazy) and I didn’t want to look like a poodle, I needed hair gel asap. I have very curly hair and I just so happened to run out of my hair gel. So I used my husbands. I mentioned in our morning conversation that I had to use his hair gel this morning. He says, that next time, I should use his sperm. I say, “no, thanks.” Afterwards, he comes to the conclusion that his sperm can be used for multiple things, I made the mistake of asking “what things?”
This was my testimony, this is my new life
The family's eldest son, Ronald DeFeo Jr, was convicted of the 1974 murders.
The rules say that I'm to pass this shiny award on to five deserving blogs who currently have under 100 followers. *drumroll* And the Liebsters go to:
3. Aero Bright Coating to dramatically improve transmittance
Size: A3
6. Tiffany
Imagine, he resisted the direct command of God. Don’t point the accusing finger until you see yourself. If you and I only knew, we have resisted His will countless times.
I am so excited about these pictures that I wanted to give you a taste. I hope to get them all edited and uploaded later this week.
Everything I am quoting happens before chapter 3 is over, btw.
fervent earthbound bees around a queen.
Deep inside I'm a softie. But you have to work through the layers. Recently I went out for a jog very early on a Sunday morning. I was working my way up a steep hill when the sun began to rise and all of a sudden Bach's "Air" came on my mp3 player. By the time I came down the hill on the other side my eyes were watered.
You know, Martha's right.
So here are some cat photos. The first is a picture of Cally, which is always a delight, but after that comes a real treat. It was raining the other day and I was walking through the parking lot. My friend Sherard noticed a car with its windows open that these 2 cats were using to take refuge. Good cats.
For most of my life growing up in their home, I was thin. “Too skinny” was how they would describe me. I hated being told that day after day. But I guess they worried I would melt away and then be gone. After I left the house it was “Did you lose weight?” or “You look pale” or “Are you eating”, etc. Well, it hasn’t stopped. I am still hearing “You look pale”, “Is everything alright, you look tired?” “Your hair is long, are you going to keep it that way?”
No, really. When I was just a few months old, the doctor put me on meat. So, this is going to be huge for me. I need to go on a major shopping spree and find things high in iron today. I already printed off a list but I'm a little intimidated. I'm not exactly a fan of vegetarian food.
If only this helped me fit into my clothes better!
As I rode, I fought. I yelled at God, asking Him why. I reprimanded myself, for not having discernment. I felt silly, cursing to no one and everyone in the emptiness that surrounded me. This was the first and only ride I’d ever ridden driven by pain and anger. I hope it to be the last, though I hardly believe that it will be.
It has a similar surge of madness as the NaNoWriMo, but it has one hitch. Weird, ridiculous formats. If someone wants to try writing a script, they are often stopped by the intimidatingly foreign concept of these formats. It’s not really quite the same as rushing head long into a novel. Scripts rear an uglier head called format in an attempt to frighten us away.
Things didn't quite go according to plan for us because Mum had a bad fall 4 days before Christmas Day and fractured her femur (close to the hip replacement she had done last Christmas.....eeek!) And no - the snow and ice weren't to blame - she was just trying to get to the toilet at 6.00 in the morning and stumbled outside her bedroom door.
The re-education process is the responsibility of the “Psychological Operations Officer,” whose job it is to design “PSYOP products that are designed to pacify and acclimate detainees or DCs to accept U.S. I/R facility authority and regulations,” according to the document.
I was angered and part of me wanted to retaliate with a shout or maybe a rude gesture but I maintained my ladylike composure and sought refuge in the thought that this was all due to a violation of the poor misanthropic primate’s “Monkeysphere”. At that unfortunate moment when I inhibited the frustrated pick-up driver’s effort to make a left-hand turn I had ceased to become a person to him but in fact had simply become “that annoying thing that won’t let me turn!“
- First aid remedy 30 g $9.99 each (Polysporin)
The third installment of my Photo a Day challenge, only a few days late.
‘Brain Drain’, according to Answers.com, is the loss of skilled intellectual and technical labor through the movement of such labor to more favorable geographic, economic, or professional environments.
Matthew 5
And now I'm trying to get organized to go on vacation. We will be away for just under 5 weeks, visiting family as well as tourist stuff. LM is looking forward to going on the plane. She has been on them before, but think this is the first time she old enough to understand. She also wants to see Kangaroos and Kolas, luckily we are planning on going to a wildlife park while there so she will get to see them. I always get a little stress when gather up stuff before going on a long trip, so hoping to get that done this weekend too. If I leave it till the following weekend I would be a basket case.
Visit the Will Norton Page on Facebook to learn more about how you can honor Will, celebrate his life, and contribute to the ongoing rebuilding efforts in Joplin.
Firstly, I must say that I have not been posting as much as I would like so far this month. I've got other things going on and I just haven't the time. But I figured since I did actually receive some books in the mail this week, I would let you guys know what I got!
Now we catch up to the present time. Leo told me that the reason that he and his dogs were in that high meadow that morning was because of the sighting that very morning of Mildred Packer on the trail that I had just hiked up….alone. Here it is August of 2008, and she is still roaming the town and it’s surrounding mountains.
Anyhow, would you be interested in 149 examples of what NOT to do? After all, if Peter Drucker was right in saying the aim of business is to avoid making a loss it could be useful.
I will certainly touch on the progress and performances of the team this year as I cheer for them from afar.
Although Soros doesn’t (yet) own the Republican Party, like he does the Democrats, make no mistake, his tentacles are spread throughout the Republican Party as well.
Already the US has announced new sanctions against the Syrian General Intelligence Directorate, the Syriatel phone company, the director of Syria’s general intelligence services, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, the Iranian Ministry of Intelligence and Security, and Datak Telecom.
So that is why at the moment I do not feel guilty about sitting and doing nothing today. However, tomorrow will be a different story when I have to help the kids with their reading and homework, wash all the school clothes (and the other piles of washing) and get them dried for Monday morning, go grocery shopping (as I normally do that on the internet and forgot), go in town clothes shopping for Mark (not my favourite activity), go to the jewellers to have my engagement ring repaired as the diamond fell out last week and a whole host of other things.......................................ermmmmmm maybe sitting today wasn't such a good idea after all!!!
I am still working on reorganizing my sewing/crap room, the dresser I picked up at Ikea is a bit larger than I had anticipated. I find this interesting since most of what they carry appears to be suited to munchkins ;) I've been going through the fabric and projects that have been gathering dust for far to long, trying to decide what to keep and what I will realistically use. The project is a cross between Hoarders, Clean House, and Intervention. If I don't get my act together I just might be on the next episode of Disappeared ;)
Do I think it’s a coincidence that I heard the use of the phrase “apple of your eye” twice in two days? No. There are very few coincidences in the life of a child of God. I like to call these reminders of God’s omnipresence “God-Incidents,” for I believe He reveals Himself to us in big ways and small ways. The big ways are more easily recognized because they’re, well, BIG. It’s sometimes easy to miss the small ways, so you must be vigilant and watchful. Some of the most meaningful lessons God has taught me are through that “still, small voice” in which He speaks to me.
“The branding room is over there.”
My best friend and her husband have a code phrase they like to use for having sex. They call it "having fun". It works out pretty well for them!!
To the enormous delight of many children in the audience, CATcerto was premiered in June of 2009 by the Klaipėda Chamber Orchestra. Nora The Piano Cat, as guest soloist, was projected onto a large video screen behind the musicians. News of the concert was broadcast around the world, and a video of the performance was uploaded to YouTube. Since it’s successful debut, the full orchestral version has been published by C. F. Peters corporation and can be performed with the chamber orchestra and video. For more information please visit www.peters-edition.com.
In case you're curious, the picture in the top left is the center (yes the center, I couldn't get the whole thing in the shot!) of the Cheekwood Mansion... can I get one of those? And on the bottom left is a remnant of a limestone column that was originally part of the Tennessee State Capital building, which the nerd in me just finds really cool. The original capital structure is actually still standing, but they had to replace the limestone columns some time ago due to the porous nature of the stone. I sure hope your spring is Good to the Last Drop! (Fun Fact: this slogan used by Maxwell House to describe their coffee is said to have been coined by President Teddy Roosevelt while at the house of President Andrew Jackson!)
Millions of years later, a group of Tractators came to Frontios, but were stuck there. They waited for 460 years, until a Human ship came close enough to the planet. They made the ship crash using their gravity powers, then left them alone for 10 years in order to rebuild. They then used the asteroid belt in the Veruna System to attack the Humans, killing them and allowing them to use their corpses in their machinery. This continued for 30 years, with most of the Humans not guessing the truth of the matter.
One of my favorite things about our library is their website. I can search through the library's book collection on-line, and reserve any of the books that catch my eye. Don't get me wrong, I love wandering up and down the isles of books, pulling out a random book here and there, but not when Emma is with me. She gets ansty, complains, asks, "When can we go to my section?" about 20 times a minute. So, I prefer to reserve my books on-line and have them waiting for me when I get there. Emma knows our first stop is to pick up our reserved books, then head to the kids section. At this point, I sit and look through the books to decide if I really want to take them home, while Emma searches for books that she would like.
1 1/4 cups grated carrot
Here’s a couple pictures taken while the snow was falling….
approx 6 good tablespoons ginger jam
Overseas submitters take note: you need to deal with the return postage issue in a way that will actually work overseas. Or if possible, use email.
Model Angela Lindvall, who hawks the “Angela by John Hardy” jewelry line on QVC, has a brand new gig. And it is with a fellow QVC vendor, Isaac Mizrahi.
And of course, there was no way this crap would go by without featuring at least some bloviation by everyone’s favorite damaged divination device, the Kristol Ball:
Through that prism, these years might be described by the adage of “separating the wheat from the chaff”. But where does the “chaff” go? Is it gone for good? Countless studies show a significant decline in neural connectivity in individuals after the first decade or so of their lives, but I struggle with believing that the vast ocean of raw intellect so fundamental to our nature dries up so significantly as we grow. Creation doesn’t lose its roots, no matter how much evolution occurs; precursors are merely absorbed by descendants in perpetual optimization for the continuation of life. Likewise, I don’t believe we ever lose that ocean of infinite possibilities that we are born into, no matter how far we might stray from its shore in our waking lives. Therefore, I propose that the “chaff” remerges with the “Mind at Large” to resurface in our dreams and, to a lesser degree (for most of us), in our imaginations.
"...and the Light shone in the darkness, and the darkness could not overcome it." (John 1:5)
The chapters about his faith, Paulist training, his Catholicism and his ministry brought me back to those days of campus ministry, Bellarmine, theology class and long dorm room conversations at Xavier.
He was coming to take the windspren’s presence for granted.
cliff he swayed
So we have the following remarkable comment from Judis: Also central to worldview defense is the protection of tradition against social experimentation, of community values against individual prerogatives". And you thought it was conservatives who stood for individual liberties! Not so, according to Judis. Conservatives stand for "community values". So Hillary Clinton, with her quotation of an old African saying that "It takes a village to raise a child" must be a conservative!
I am beginning to have faith
Usually when you drink a stronger beer you expect more of the general taste of beer. The basic mechanics of brewing dictate that to up the alcohol you put more of the core ingredients in to end up with a higher ABV and that makes it taste of more. Chill filtering is a process where you near freeze fermented liquid and remove the ice particles. This ups the abv because you are removing water and not alcohol and also removes much of the flavour whose resins are attached to the ice. Hence a lighter tasting higher alcohol beer.
Just as Bar Jesus was blind, “not seeing the sun for a season” the blindness that happened to Israel is also for a season, “until the fullness of the Gentiles be come in.”
So every essence of us, isn’t that the real world also?
SOLUTION: What really made me choose this app over others that had more bells and whistles or looked prettier, is that it connects all my cool technology/toys (not many others do this). If make an addition to my “to do” list on the iMac, it automatically sends it to my iPad and to the iPhone!. So when I’m out in the yard sunning myself and I remember that I have to do work…I look at my iPad and it’s all updated as to what I have to accomplish and tells me I have to get my lazy butt moving!
The immediate effect in terms of an invasion though is that no army on Earth has a chance to stand against them after the change takes place. Planes fall out of the sky. Tanks just sit there. Submarines sink, warships go rudderless and out of control. No cars, no jeeps, no trucks, no mass transport. Radio and fiber and video and all our communications technology is toast. All the computers go down. Yeah, doesn’t matter about those backups and your DR plan. That shit’s never coming back.
Each day starts with coffee in a favourite mug. Tune in next week to read the story behind the mug! (and my favourite table cloth :)
The new website is our 40th anniversary project and will be our key tool to recruit new members to our cause and to promote the role of the Crown in the 21st century.
I just wanted you to know how much you warmed my heart the other night. When you picked up my book and held it against your chest, your small arms barely able to encompass it, and steadfastly refused to let you parents buy you ANY other book in the store, well, I got a little teary.
John Terry was elated upon hearing that he was to be reinstated as the England Captain. The British government have called upon all footballers in the entire London area that it may be wise to start evacuating their wives from the capital before it is too late.
Random blue dots: Nubar Nail Art Pen - Blue Frost
Dry: with a soft bristle maxi-brush. It has a quite light coverage.
It is important to remove condensation and excess moisture by ventilating rooms correctly. You can ventilate a room without making draughts or causing it to become cold. To do this, you may only need to open the window slightly or use the trickle vent that can be found on UPVC windows. This allows warm (but moist) air to escape to the outside and let in cool (but dry) air.
By Palash R. Ghosh: Subscribe to Palash’s RSS feed The Foreign Minister of Singapore has warned the US against the rising tide of anti-Chinese rhetoric coming out of Washington DC, ahead of a visit to the US by Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping’s next …
I want to know what you think if you try it! Its not that bad I promise!!
In the rush to get more “exposure” to an exotic land, however, you may want to wear a fair amount of sunscreen. In other words, be cognizant of how to exit as well as enter a position.
Scotty’s Brewhouse Downtown is celebrating the Indians season with the official beer, Sun King Indians Lager. You can come by every Wednesday evening and get a 48oz pitcher for only $9! Scotty’s Lakehouse is currently pouring Flat 12 Lacto-matic Milk Stout! Come on by and enjoy a 24 Mug of this great Stout every Thursday for only $4! Scotty’s Burger Joint in Columbus has just released a new beer menu! Come on by and check out our new selection. With the new menu you enjoy tasty beers like Triton Rail Splitter IPA or Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale!
These are qualities Skip Bayless doesn’t possess.
Me: Honey, we still don't have a new house yet. Did you get anything new to look at from the Realtor?
Petrobras said it expects to find between 8 trillion and 10 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in two Peruvian petroleum lots.
For example, olive oil is a great thing to cook with and use in your food. Just note that olive oil (I always use extra virgin olive oil or EVOO) has a lower cooking temp than vegetable oil, which means it will heat up faster than other oils, just beware when cooking!
The search: We went to every type of shop imaginable. The special bridal collection hidden in the back of a boutique in SoHo, the overpriced and make-up stained J Crew collection, and several cute boutiques that serve as a refuge from the cheap fabrics, and mechanized, emotionless ways of David’s Bridal. We went to 5 shops in total, in just 3 days. Apparently, my plan to find a dress in this amount of time was a little ambitious. Many brides spend months simply focused on finding the right dress. My search was that much more complicated because I was hoping to find the perfect dress for two very different weddings. I needed something that I could dress-up and bedazzle for our Istanbul wedding, and dress down for the free-spirited island wedding of my dreams. Additionally, it turns out that it often take 5 months to make the dress, and then several visits to a tailor to ensure that it fits. This was all new information to me.
And branches fold near, close to be born.
I have to get into home & work groove again~
Before Lovecraft pulled all the Love out of the Octopus
Hope you enjoy these Serbian alfajores as much as me, A. and my colleagues and neighbors did!
Lucienne, my older sister, decided she wanted us to come up for Ethiopian food and ice skating. The food was good (though I wasn't a huge fan of the bread and we all had heartburn later) and ice skating was fun. I took some pictures, and though they aren't as close I like, here they are:
He didn’t take heed. He opened the message and read on.
Opinion was taken not from just America but also from young Poles working in this country who were of the opinion that welfare in the UK was too generous as compared to Poland where it is not possible to live on state benefits. Nothing was said about poverty in the UK and the difficulties millions of people have making ends meet not just on welfare but on the poor minimum wage and above. Although two of the interviewees said it was not worth their while working because they would end up with very little more in their pockets, the obvious solution of a higher minimum wage was not mentioned. It was all about making life more miserable for people, not about giving them a decent standard of living.
Add the orange juice, zest, and mascarpone cheese and mix thoroughly.
I was like, "WOW, I can do better than that. I can take the job."
again, begin
And heaven's already said that it ain't gonna take me
The Commodity equity sector gained 0.5% on the week. All three; Brazil, Canada and Russia remain in downtrends.
The bees are here!! My second year as a bonifide beekeeper ( maybe last year shouldn't count since my mentors did all the heavy work for me!). I was able to add one more hive this year, my original intention was to add 2 hives but sadly, my bees didn't survive the winter. It is very hard to keep bees in a hive alive through a Minnesota winter, esp like the one we had this past winter. I wasn't even able to get to my hives until the end of February, and even then the usual 5 minute walk took me like 20 minutes because every step was a struggle, I was hip deep in snow, and so I had to pull each leg out entirely to make the next step, it was truly exhausting! A great work out though... I thought I was going to have to give up before I even got to the hives though, I was just whipped! And quite disappointed to open that first hive and find a whole mess of dead bees in there. Then finding the same thing in the second was quite devastating. I knew I wasn't going to give up, but it did put quite a damper on any grand hive expansion I might have had in mind.
I wish I had fun plans for today like I did all weekend but instead it's just me in the dental chair all afternoon to get a crown put on my tooth. Boo! All well. Back to reality. The fun was great while it lasted.
Keep it handy people!
May 17th, Printz Event with John Corey Whaley, 6 p.m.
One thing I've always enjoyed about the hobby is the vast amount of different opinions among collectors.
What are you willing to sacrifice now to get there?
Today I have Cult Nails Captivated to share. Most of you have probably seen this one or have it but it is too stunning for me not to post it. When I pulled this one out of the box my husband was standing next to me and commented it was the coolest polish he has seen. I knew then it was going to be awesome, he never says anything more than "that's nice" about any polish. Anyways, Captivated is a coral jelly loaded with an orange/gold glitter that at certain angles appears green to blue, so pretty!
Diva’s match was fine too, so not one bad match here, and I give WWE credit for having the balls to switch things up. Now what happens tomorrow night? What did you think of the show? Let me know by emailing me at DJKevinGillman75@aol.com or leave me a note on the site.
So I steal in a few lines and she eventually finds herself laughing her heart out like a little girl. And the beauty on that woman’s face is to die for, lakini to see her face when she is happy? No words. Kweli. But I succeeded in buying her water.
Bingham
*Edit* Duh, I’m obviously in the clouds and forgot to thank the Douglas Chamber of Commerce and the sponsers, Duke Energy and Cloud Peak Energy for providing the prizes.
A lot of violence. Probably some name-calling. A minor flesh wound would most likely occur as well. The second the outbreak starts and the weird, British baddies arrive, I'm, of course, looking for the nearest machine gun, praying, or rummaging through my pockets searching for Harry Potter's cell phone number. (Why am I always misplacing that frickin' thing?) Arson, on the contrary, is telling me to chill out while raging up for a lot of butt-whooping. Wands or no wands, those pansies, and that weirdo without a nose, are going down.
Calvin lectured on the Minor Prophets from 1555/6 to 1559, beginning at the time of the implementation of the Peace of Augsburg. He saw the era in which he lived – particularly the period following the calling of the Council of Trent (1545) and the enforcing of the Augsburg Interim (1548) – as like that of Elijah; a fundamentally troubled era for the church. This study offers a comprehensive analysis of these lectures, their context, audience, and aims. It argues that they were integral not simply to his training of ministers and missionaries for France but to Calvin’s endeavors to call the faithful remnant out of a corrupt Roman Church and to re-establish the Christian Church in France (and Europe).
DR MAROON: Runner up? You never said anything about runner up awards in the rehearsals, you cunt.
Beyond clarity, the commas in Light Bringer were used for pacing. I could have used short sentences at the beginning, but short sentences evoke action, and someone driving at night on snowy, unplowed, unlit roads would not be moving quickly. I could have used run-on sentences, but they have a breathless quality, and also seem to evoke speed. Again, not what I wanted. So what I was left with was commas.
To the Shoulder o’ Mutton where Edward Thomas brooded long
Roasted Veggie Mix
T: word.
slice eggplants about 1/4” thick and bake till translucent and slightly browned
“What’s Automator? What’s a workflow? I have PowerPoint on my Mac, why do this whole nerd-looking thing?”
Hello Everyone and Welcome to Sherrie Scraps with Passion!!
res-
In the rabbit hole that is the Internet, I found myself reading about the life and times of H.G. Wells’ one-time paramour, and mother to his son, Rebecca West. She was a fascinating woman, and left her mark on this world.
Oregon has long been on the cutting edge of brewing innovation, turning hops into something almost alchemical, pushing the boundary with adjuncts, and leading the way on organics. But only recently have breweries really started to mess around with yeast, and it's that dimension I believe the next great wave of improvisation will follow. We have seen the first signs from breweries like Double Mountain and Roots, but a series of experiments being overseen by brewer Ron Gansberg at the Raccoon Lodge are by far the most extensive in the state (and country?).
UNA is perceived by many now to be the political opposition party that will challenge the leadership of President Benigno Aquino’s Liberal Party in the coming 2013 congressional elections and the 2016 presidential elections.
We’re aware that no-one in their right mind would vote for us now we’ve sold out all our principles for the sake of a little bit of power – and that’s why we’ve decided to concentrate our resources on trying to attract the batty out-to-lunch ones instead. We’re hoping to appeal to the sort of voters who don’t mind their elected representatives being several walnuts short of a fruitcake, such as the bunch of crackpots who normally vote for the Monster Raving Loony Party, UKIP and the BNP.
Moshe Tokayer, Petach Tikvah (03.14.11)
In the long run you’ll save time, money and prevent injury.
This one is an old ledger that's in great shape and mostly unused. I attatched the fun black and white class photo, and an old key dressed up with a broken vintage earring. The text from an old hymnal says "Let us be Joyful"
In July 2002 British composer and recording artist Mike Batt (of ‘The Wombles’ fame) found himself the subject of a threat of copyright infringement action for including the recording "A One Minute Silence," on an album for his classical rock band The Planets. He was accused of copying the song it from the work by Cage. Remarkably Batt settled the matter out of court with the BBC reporting that Batt paid an undisclosed six-figure sum to the John Cage Trust, telling the Press Association at the time: "This has been, albeit a gentlemanly dispute, a most serious matter and I am pleased that Cage's publishers have finally been persuaded that their case was, to say the least, optimistic” adding "We are, however, making this gesture of a payment to the John Cage Trust in recognition of my own personal respect for John Cage and in recognition of his brave and sometimes outrageous approach to artistic experimentation in music." Batt credited "A One Minute Silence" to "Batt/Cage". At the time lawyer Duncan Lamont told BBC Radio 4’s Front Row the question was "Is it a work?" saying "Has it been written down, is it a literary, artistic or dramatic work? The argument will be there is no work because there are no notes." A good a starting point as any, but I wondered if 1709 Blog readers had any illuminating thoughts they might care to share on this case - or indeed on my “anarchy” musings?
George Duke – synthesizer, keyboards
Bill: "Um. Will you excuse me a second?"
The movie is based on a series of books by author Gideon Defoe that I’ll definitely have to get my hands now that I’ve seen the film. In the movie, Pirate Captain (yep, that’s his title and his name) has a loyal crew and enjoys pirating so much that he can’t wait to enter the Pirate of the Year competition. There’s only one problem, he’s not a very good pirate. After an unsuccessful voyage of looting ships the pirates come upon a young Charles Darwin who is intrigued by Pirate Captain’s rather odd looking parrot, Polly. As it turns out, Polly isn’t a parrot at all, but is in fact a rare dodo bird, possibly the last of her kind, and Darwin wishes to show her to the Royal Society to make a name for himself and win the science prize. Seeing an opportunity, Pirate Captain decides this prize may be just the thing to help him win Pirate of the Year, so the pirates set off to London to show Polly to the scientific community. They have to be careful, though, because Queen Victoria hates pirates and will no doubt have them killed on site should they be caught. With that in mind the pirates don disguises and head into the old city to claim their prize.
But, not only did I finally get there and it was everything I had heard about and dreamt about and more. But I went with Adorable Isa because her sweet copain, Alexi, is working there. So in addition to sampling bread, a croissant, a chausson aux pommes and an escargot amandes—puff pastry rolled with delicious almond paste and cream—lucky me, I got a behind-the-scenes tour of the kitchen.
The theory gets more interesting, however, when considering individuals with negative self-views, such as those with low self-esteem or depressive symptoms. These individuals don't like themselves very much, and may consider themselves unlovable, incompetent or unworthy. Although you may be thinking that a person with such a negative self-image should be the most motivated to seek out positive feedback, self-verification theory argues to the contrary. It says that these individuals prefer that others see them just as unfavorably as they see themselves. What the heck?!
A campaign ad supported with actual facts that talks to Americans like they’re adults? What universe is this from?
STEP 2: MAKE ROYAL ICING AND ICE COOKIES
Apart from the process, we were quite surprised with the content of our analysis. Given that we were familiar with many of the studies we reviewed, the main surprises came, not from any particular finding, but rather from realizing where the research emphasis has been given, and what topics have been relatively neglected. As an example, it was somewhat surprising that so few studies have explored interactive effects when predicting employees’ reactions to change. Even fewer studies have been designed in which data were collected from more than a single source, a point which substantially weakens the validity of previous findings.
I drew it out on a piece of paper before I traced it onto my plastic. I used really thick plastic from Sam Flax for this. It was very hard to cut, but made a really durable stencil that I'll be able to use again.
Here are some other ways that I know to save:
Most predominantly were comments asking why there isn’t advertising promoting heterosexuality, and how the original Stonewall campaign is ‘heterophobic’. Additionally, many stated that they believe heterosexuality is ‘normal’.
Always leave things better than you find them. (people, places, and things)
When Christians lack strength, God’s complete power wards off all the oppressions of the devil. Are you experiencing “bodily annoyance”? Christ’s power is there to ward off that annoyance… Bodily annoyance can refer to nonstop pains, sickness, or constant turmoil.
Dratch is a funny lady, and she peppers her book with some fun quips. It’s telling that the most interesting parts of the book are her accounts of her career. The dominating theme of her book is her quest for love, and while well written, it’s not all that fascinating. This could be because aside from being a talented and attractive comedienne, there is little that separates Dratch from other women her age. Going through anecdotes of disastrous dates as well as various stages of her pregnancy, the reader will often find herself saying “Who cares?” and “so what?”
--Marty Markowitz (Brooklyn Borough President and prime booster of AY)
Everyone is different, and yet, deep down, stripped of the superficial, we're all the same and we can all relate to great joy and great pain and it is in the joy and pain of races that I'm humbled and reminded that I'm just like everyone else. The camaraderie of the pre-race corral, being cheered by strangers, the struggle through the rough spots and the thrill of the post-finish bagel line - all in the anonymity of spandex - put me in touch with some of the most basic pleasures of being human.
2 Tbsp + 1½ tsp Fish sauce
I agree with the majority opinion in this case, though I am disappointed that the ruling does not include the seven states (including Massachusetts) that allow LWOP in homicide cases. Though homicide is a horrific offense, I think that juveniles convicted of any crime should have the opportunity for parole. A juvenile incarcerated at the age of 15 and living the average male's lifespan, for example, has more than 60 years to spend in prison. A juvenile sentence that long is ridiculous regardless of the offense.
Pramod offers us his company car to drive us around Hyderabad while he takes off to Nasik for work. We agree to meet again, this time with his wife and son Abhinav when we’re in Mumbai next in 2012.
What is really fab about my new study is the French windows that lead out onto a deck. This is now My Deck. Yes, I am spoiled: yes, I deserve it, so there. Occasionally I will take the laptop out there but not often, because on a sunny day the screen is highly reflective (I do have one of those hoods to put over it but frankly it's a pain; someone needs to design a better version). Also, sometimes it's noisy out there: this is a terraced house in London, with all that that entails. But as a spot to sit and read, muse, make notes…it's fab.
Me: “It’s McDonald’s Nick, they have the same thing they always have.”
Until the car stopped and
The principle survives to this day. The executive (the former king) must refer to parliament each year for approval of its budget. Without that, it runs out of money. Our problem is – and the heart of all our problems – is that this process has become an empty ritual. No parliament has rejected a budget in living memory, and none is likely to.
My oh my, how I do love this! The uncooked tomato and olive oil give this a cool, flavorful and salad-y feel, but the quinoa and lentils stay warm enough to make it feel hearty and comforting. Beef, pork, chicken, fish – this would go great on the side of any main protein, and it’s so easy to adjust your spices to go along with whatever else you’re cooking. You could even omit the spices and cook it in chicken broth for flavor. Yummy! This recipe is fun to play around with using different grains and legumes, so try whatever is taking up space in your pantry!
As you can see in the screenshot above, Face Unlock, Android Beam, and mobile data usage are among the major improvements which will come with the update. In a rather interesting fashion, flash support and Bluetooth 3.0 HS will not be supported due to an “ICS OS feature.”
Then I stumbled upon this verse in the Bible:
Poor Tevye woke up feeling horribly sick yesterday morning, and spent the majority of the day either resting on the couch, or sleeping in his bed. He didn’t even get up until 11am, and then by 2pm he was back in his bed, sawing logs. He didn’t eat much of anything all day, claiming that he wasn’t the least bit hungry.
Duncan Patterson - Bass
Dietary approaches for ovarian cancer include vegetarianism, the raw food diet, and macrobiotics. Cancer diets generally emphasize raw and fresh fruits, vegetables, whole grains, beans, and peas.
2.) READ THE SYLLABUS CAREFULLY- I missed a 100-point online quiz because I hadn’t read the syllabus carefully enough. I recommend reading the syllabus on Sunday night and writing down all the things that need to be completed that week, including Tweets and blog posts, onto a sheet of paper.
After that, I was like "oh yeah, I am totally awesome at this!" and went down again. Only to freak out right at the end and plant my feet, resulting in me flipping over, flying in the air, and face planting right in the snow. It hurt. And it was cold.
However that doesn't apply to the rest of Rob's family. His cousins are all awesome people and I am so thankful I get to know them and they are a part of my life. They really are my family too! :)
Clearly they mean it.
You are so full of love and able to shine so bright in your moment
But now I find myself moved to tears over the littlest things.
The Strange Affair of Uncle Harry
i’m on fire
of the dining
Naturally, the first thing I did was Skype my eldest daughter, TG. She's not too old for her mama to explain the birds and the florabees. So what if she's had three kids? I've had four, and colonization is news to me. I must prepare her.
highly appropriate for a bird of carrion.
Rebecca states that she is just a normal sporty girl and always out doing something. She loves to play sports and has a love for music. Rebecca loves hanging out with her friends and family too.
Drama club meeting at 11:45 in Mrs. Power’s classroom.
I haven’t been a fan of Oasis, or Beady Eye to be honest. However what I will say is that I recognise their popularity and I can understand why they are seen as god-like by fans.
Red chillies - 2
Saturday - Chicken Tikka Masala (Mix together 1tsp minced ginger, 1tsp minced garlic, 1/2tsp cumin, 1/2tsp coriander powder, 1/4tsp turmeric, 1/4tsp cayenne pepper, 1/2tsp garam masala and 1/2tbsp paprika in a bowl. Heat some oil in a frying pan then add some onion, fry until golden then add the spice mix, cook off for 1min. Add 1tsp tomato puree and cook off for 1min. Add 5 x tomatoes chopped up in food processor. Bring to a gentle simmer, add 2 cubed chicken thighs and cook for 15mins until cooked through. Add 5tbsps natural yoghurt and heat through. Serve with rice and naan bread)
Main entrance and statue of Queen Anne
On to my creation! I have to say, the set Flourishes is sneaking today is just such a whimsical set. Have you seen it? It's called Make a Wish and it's fit for royalty! It comes complete with tiara, wand and some beautiful and frilly slippers! Because this want is just so different and has a definite Marcella Hawley touch, I just had to use it for my creation!
simply just press to picture to a larger mode and save.
it has competitions for all ages and skill levels.
I had a really good day of training after getting back home from Montana. In the morning I Power Snatched 142kg for a new PR, and also front squatted 215×2 (PR), and 232kgx1 for a new PR. I Also did some cleans and some other random stuff, making for a pretty long morning session (about 3 hours). I then got on a plane, flew back to Las Vegas, and snatched 155kg for a new PR at about 8:30! I was really excited to be able to do it after all of the morning training and then the travel. I could tell the training in Montana really primed me to hit some big ones immediately when I got home. My bodyweight was 97.6 this morning, so that is right in control (although I will slowly keep lowering it to about 96).
scheduled: 8 miles; incl. warm; 4 x 1600 @ 9:14; cool
Oakshire Brewing from Eugene, Oregon (formerly Willamette Brewing) will represent their lovely brewery. Brewer Jeff Althouse will be on hand to discuss his product with patrons.
Really? Because after 30 days, he won’t just drop your ass because you waited for some magic number to pass by before giving up the goods? No ma’am. Here’s the thing: I get the purpose of this one. The idea behind it is that you should probably get to know someone past the initial “giiiiiiiiiiiiirl he is so cute” comments to your friends. You should probably know his goals, ambitions, fears, etc before giving him access to your inner cavity (you know, if you’re not just looking for a jump off thing). But who decided that 30 days was the amount of time it would take for that to happen? I think it’s better just to be sensible and listen to your heart and brain equally. Numbers don’t tell you when you’re ready for that step with that person – only you two can decide that. Hell, I was with a guy for almost a year before we had sex for the first time. We ended things a month later. Yea, 30 days don’t mean ish… lol
because there are some –
just did me in!
To all the women of Oneida
As I try to sum up 6 weeks of God’s glory into one letter, so many emotions and thoughts fill my mind and my heart. I wish I could bring Cambodia back with me. However (that being impossible), I hope to bring what I have learned back with me to share with others. My time there was so sweet and it was great to see all the work God is doing among the people of Cambodia! I went with a team of 7 other Americans (all in their 20s) from all over the United States. We met at training a week before departure, and spent that week together getting to know each other and getting to know God’s heart even more. We started off as complete strangers but 6 weeks later, saying our good-byes in the airport, it felt like we were saying good-bye to family. Each of these wonderful people has such a heart for God and a heart of servitude. It was amazing to see how each of them was seeking after God on their own, and together as a group.
The near 800 mile trek we made following our PBO, that made me happy to have a focal vehicle, and the security of if something happened to us..someone would know. I very happy with my truck, it gave us all a good ride with enough power to manage the massive hills pulling the 2 horses in the 3 horse space.
Ok, I know you are probably saying “so”, but it is a big deal to me. In my past, I allowed an ex to convince me that a lot of my accomplishments were nothing to be proud of. He basically made me feel that I did not accomplish much because I was proud of getting myself out of bad situations rather than just doing things in the first place. So, I accepted this definition and stopped “tooting my own horn”. Because I did, I really felt I had little to be proud of until I met him. I know. I know. Believe me, I have come a long way.
In this case, Schoeller's technique is the perfect way to highlight the similarities and dissimilarities of identical twins. Were it not for this descriptive text, viewers might think that these pictures feature the same person photographed twice. On closer inspection however, readers might see small deviations: a scar here, more freckles there, a slightly upturned nose on one, a more prominent chin on the other. Slowly, viewers realize that they're looking at identical twins.
Style: Irish Dry Stout
Employment Letters
The author has had half-dead lizards dropped in his lap or at his feet, and countless cat owners get presented with similar “gifts”—dead or half-dead birds, mice, toads and so on. It horriﬁes some people but delights others.
Thank God for answered prayers! OK, I already knew the answer to this one thanks to the WordPress post scheduler button thingy! So this is one of those Rice Krispie Treat moments where it looks like I’ve slaved over something that was really easy peasy. Yes I have been delivered…which segues nicely since it is also the thought for day 13 of the Challenge.
(2) Kim Hughes {I *singsong* love her stuff!} posted on her blog the names of the winners for her Memorial Day challenge. And whose name is on the top? Mine. She's sending me America the Beautiful, one of her rockin' stamp sets. Now I just need to take some anxiety medication and try to figure out how to make a thank-you card for her. Seriously, it's like making a painting for Michelangelo.
(more) Electric 247 Liner (Urban Decay)
I have a utee tutorial to share today. I love playing with utee, it works like an embossing powder but the pieces are a lot bigger and it’s easier to get thicker layers that feels like glass. But you can also use clear embossing powder when doing this project - a decorative panel to put on your card (or use as a brooch or what ever… :) )
One of my former students who recently finished his AA is applying to a handful of universities. He had an interview this week with UCLA for one of their high-profile programs. He came to see me before the interview for advice on everything from dress to facial hair (I told him to shave.) I also passed along this little gem: eat an apple 15 minutes before the interview. It helps to calm the stomach and will prevent dry mouth. Plus I think its just good eating. Anyway, my cell phone rang during class right after lunch on Friday. My former pupil had just completed the interview and wanted to share the results. Now tell me, in what other job does someone get to enjoy this type of mentorship?
My Mom told me today that a friend of our family slit their wrists. My first thought was "I understand."
@_@
8. Approach to the Inmost Cave
B: ... "my ah-choo. It's not working"
I have been amazed by all the wrong commentators focusing on all the wrong issues. Examples if misguided commentary: (the examples that annoy me the most).
I have to say, it was a lot of fun and I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Am now available for interview gigs. Any offers? Just kidding - for now...
“For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel’s sake. The great affair is to move.” – Robert Louis Stevenson
Wednesday, September 26:
NO TO CHEAP LABOUR APPRENTICESHIPS! ALL APPRENTICESHIPS TO PAY AT LEAST THE MINIMUM WAGE, WITH A JOB GUARANTEED AT THE END
We are used to hearing such Stalinist rhetoric from our Fabian politicians and media. What is alarming is to hear such nonsense from the Truth Movement. Freedom with qualifications as to what can be discussed, is not freedom, but disguised tyranny. Yes the woman in the video may be professing views which serve the Zionist agenda, but she has every right to say what she likes. Her argument can be countered and debated, but to label her as persona non grata - a Breivik, terrorist etc - only legitimises the culture of censorship which our would-be rulers are fomenting.
screenshot at 910pm CDT 5/2/2012:
Just when it seems that the general public is all but convinced that Islam is indeed the Religion of Peace, up pops one or another of these Jumpin’ Jihad Jokesters. They proclaim the ascendancy of Islam, sing the praises of shari’ah, defend the stoning of adulterers, denounce homosexuals, refer to our young women as “shameless whores”, and otherwise remind the overwhelming majority of Westerners why they wish Muslim immigrants would attach RUH or IST tags to their luggage handles and head for the airport.
- 1 tablespoon of soy sauce
The first, would give D.A.’s some sway concerning mandatory sentences. If someone doesn’t deserve the maximum, he/she can get less, if the district attorneys agree. The most severe crimes don’t count for this possible reduction. This is a free program that costs the state nothing, and gets the right folks out of jail faster.
1 cup nuts, chopped
As always, I am grateful for all the support I am receiving from you guys, so please keep them coming. I’ll see you guess tomorrow.
Which it does. I wait for the bus in a light drizzle; by the time the #9 bus has dropped me at the corner of SE Milwaukie & Powell, the rain has stopped, & since I’m early, I talk a walk thru the Brooklyn neighborhood, a quiet corner of the southeast just barely removed from the bustle of Powell: gardens, a little league ballfield, a neighborhood tavern, an old Hires root beer sign in a parking lot. For the first time in a few days, I begin to feel something like contentment.
the texture and the sound of
3. Back Stage (Meyes, Fredriksz) 6:00
I’m got a billion things to do today so I’ll end here, and I know that you, my non-existent readers, won’t mind.
who lost you
all but sealed his fate on the
John wonders:
( I wonder now what is the right thing I can do )
Please stay in touch and remember to use your gift to honor God.
As per usual, keep the faith all, and keep breathing.
and that joy and peace will come.
And that is OK with me! In fact, I adore so much how the soap dispenses out of this bottle, that I don't know why I ever needed to change it in the first place. And if I ever switch up my dishwashing soaps in the future, I can always reuse this smaller bottle on my counter-top and tuck the bigger bottle away under the sink.
But then he had to go and get all jump-on-the-bandwagon-y and do like everybody else was in the Seventies and make his own Jaws ripoff. There were over 20 films in the Seventies AT LEAST that dealt with Sharksploitation in some way, shape or form... and you know what? René directed TWO of them!
Living in Arizona, we don't have the privilege of owning a large winter wardrobe. Therefore, most of the time we're left to improvise and mix & match our summer clothing. It might sound crazy, but it ends up looking crazy cute!!!
‘I can assure you that he’s quite tame,’ I said, calmly. ‘He’s maybe a bit randy but he’s certainly very tame. And he comes with Terry Nutkins’ seal of approval, which, in this case, is actually a real seal.’
I sat down to do this post but first I trawled through my files of pictures from classes through the years to remind myself of which projects were done when........an hour or so later I have accomplished a great deal of "housekeeping" and have tidied up quite a lot of files. Not before time.I also had a very anxious few minutes where I thought I'd been over zealous and lost some, but all is well - phew.
billows out
Miller’s proposal, which would have applied only to veterans and not to family members who might have lived or visited Lejeune, was rejected by VA Secretary Eric Shinseki, who said in an April 9 response to Miller that it was premature to provide health care to everyone who served at Lejeune from 1957 until 1987.
Cook whole wheat spaghetti according to package instructions. Drain, rinse with cold water to stop the cooking process, and set aside.
By Michael Mooney and Jim Webb
That being said, there's growling and yelling involved. If that's a turn off, just step away right now. I won't mind, I promise.
2. Beware the strategy that relies excessively on qualitative research, intuition and “industry experience” alone. Look for solid numbers that quantify your market position as well as that of your competitors.
Chorus 1
When you ascend through that process, given from the heart of God, to the place of the thirteenth octave and to the place of being far beyond your twelve planes and realms, you also receive the gifts of all of the nine angelic realms. That is where the blessings and virtues come from, the necessities that you will bring back down to Earth to anchor in your Nova Earth and in your Nova Reality, in your fifth or seventh dimension, or higher. Yes, we keep increasing the game, do we not? And it is the game of Ascension. It is a process sacred unto each of you.
like you tend to do when only fixing eyes
I was discussing Spotify with one of my coworkers after having posted it about it a short time ago. We talked about how different it is consuming music, now. I wanted to share some the ideas we discussed, because I think it serves as a good follow-up for my previous post about how we now experience music.
They are also low in fat and rich in antioxidants and phytochemicals. Phyto means plant in Greek and Chemicals are the plant’s chemicals that help the plant fight off the wind, the sun rays, the rain and protect itself against them all!Once ingested those phytochemicals also help our body fight off all free radicals and any type of disease! Thus strengthening our immune system and reducing the risk of cancer and other diseases!
Not too shabby, thanks for asking.
Vitovska is still a grape that looks like a vista I will not know. A sea of crisp, floral newness.
I choose to let go of old ideas and am open to new ways to do things, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
There is no question about whether we are under authority or not. The question really is how do you feel about being under authority?
When the federal government ignores and breeches the Tenth Amendment, it represents an illegal diminution of representative government at the state and local levels. It represents a subtle attack on individual liberty.
*** All week:
If one has not been lodged, then there is nothing to be considered by the UKSC.
The woman continues talking gibberish in a very high pitched voice. I back away. What’s wrong with this person?
If you find yourself crossing the U.S./Canadian border regularly, you’ll appreciate how you crawl along on the electric motor, saving lots of four-buck (five-buck in Canada) gas. There’s a button on the dash that will allow you do that anywhere, for short distances at up to 11 mph.
Blush from Stampin Up
No I don't know if a young boy would get the "You Rock" sentiment, but his Mom sure would. :)
Today's post was influenced by the month of April. April is autism awareness month, and as I'm sure many of you do, I have friends with children who are autistic. So this is just a little bit of a reminder to look for the signs early on, and get help! If you're interested in reading a bit more, read this site :)
And the warmth of friends.
Put yourself on ‘Filling’: You need all your energy if you are going to lead a wagon train to Oregon. People may scoff at you for shoveling delicious Buffalo meat into your face, but hey, you deserve it.
I posted earlier in the year about my preference (OK addiction!) to online shopping, and it once again is proving a simple and stress free way to tick the tasks off the list.
Well actually my kids can have a candy bar or pack of gum....they get one almost every time we go. Now that my kids are older I usually go shopping by myself or just one will tag along. Now they ask me for a Twix as I'm going out the door.
Betty puts down a pint of Belgium lager in front of Jacko who quickly sups at it before grabbing his bollocks and spinning in another circle -
album is dominated by two pervading influences: country rock and the aura of the late sixties. Some of the songs have a countrified feel with pedal steel guitar and folksy harmonies; others have a definite psychedelic lilt with Indian tinged guitar figures and the ghost of Jefferson Airplane and Love hovering over them. The penultimate song on the album, the beautiful ‘Through Your Eyes’ could quite easily have been lifted from the sessions for Crosby Stills and Nash’s 1969 debut such are the awesome vocal harmony arrangements. Time has not dimmed those voices and they still harmonise with real aplomb.
(and Yeah for everyone who did the same.)
He continued for no purpose…and certainly no where in this does he acknowledge that even by cheating he couldn’t win.
This week they launched a new consortium with all four Halton boards -- public, Catholic and two French boards -- with a separate office, phone number and focus on zones, not board districts.
The week before the wedding, fiance picked up his (dad’s) ring at the jeweler from getting it sized, and set it on the coffee table where I was making my veil. When everyone came over for rehearsal dinner, I quickly swept all my scraps – and his ring – into the trash can. It took hours, but we finally found it. I was mortified, but everyone just laughed. That night we had a big fight, and I don’t know now what it was about. All I remember is how his temper escalated, and I was so confused why he was yelling, and then it was over so fast as he yelled “Whatever” and whispered “bitch” as he ran up the stairs away from me. This was not the first time I had seen his temper. But somehow I saw it clearly that time. I collapsed in tears right there on the floor, asking myself to stop the wedding. But I had my plans, my pride, and my guilt, and so I calmed down and resolved to go forward with the wedding, and by the time he came back downstairs, I was fine and he never knew my tears, fears or doubts.
I gave my everything
The other night after dinner, Benjamin asked to watch some of the old videos I have on the computer. For some reason this kid loves to watch videos of himself, especially ones from previous birthday parties. He could watch these videos for hours. Anyway, I pulled up some videos from about 2 years ago and one of the videos was of a 4 1/2 year old Caleb walking with his walker and so proud of himself while doing it. It hit me like a ton of bricks and sadness just washed over me. He can't do that now. He can't even stand up, much less walk. He is 5 weeks post-op and he still has no strength is his legs. None. I had no idea how important Caleb's ability to walk was to me until now. I hate it, I hate that he can't walk right now. I hate that he can't do any of the things he was doing before the surgery. Just 3 months ago he was doing amazing. He was walking 100% of the day at school, he was practicing with his tripod canes, he was climbing up the steps of our slide, he was walking, walking, walking. I know, I know, it can take awhile for function to return but I really expected him to be doing more by now. Everyone has told me that he will get it back...but I'm not so sure. I had someone tell me it could take a full year. A YEAR! Are you serious? To be honest, I hesitate to write this post because it sounds like I'm having a tantrum and a big 'ole pity party. And the truth is, I am having a tantrum and a pity party. This stinks. This blog is my journal and good or bad, I'm going to be honest and get my thoughts and feelings our there because it will make me feel better. This isn't about the wheelchair, I love Caleb's wheelchair and have known for a very long time that it would be a permanent part of his life. I'm okay with that. But apparently I'm not okay with him not being able to walk when he wants to. I'm not okay with the fact that he has lost this ability. I'm not okay. And I don't know if he is okay with it. How frustrating must it be for him to completely lose this ability. He knows he can't walk right now. He knows he can't stand up. And he knows that he could before. That has to do something to him, he must feel sadness or something...although he hasn't voiced anything to me. I don't want to make it sound like walking is the end all be all, because I know it's not. Caleb was doing far more than I ever expected he would be able to do, I never dreamed he would walk with just AFO's and a walker. My heart just hurts right now. I just need to vent and cry and throw my fit. I'll suck it up and move on but right now I need to be sad. And maybe all of this will seem silly months down the road if Caleb regains the function he lost. Maybe I'll look back on this tantrum and realize how I overreacted and just didn't give Caleb enough time. Caleb has always needed more time to reach milestones. It is the story of his life. Nothing has ever come easy for him. And really this is about HIM not ME. I just love him so much and I just hate that he had to go through this. I hate that everything is so hard for him and I hate that he has to work and work and work. I feel like all the ground he has gained over the last few years, all the hard work, is gone. He is back at square one. So, I'm grumpy. And this mom is having a tantrum. So there.
NO FEAR NO FEED ears from this fake era
To my mind an ode to the sedimentary record mother nature has left us in the beauty that is the Grand Canyon.
That until the basic human rights
Joshua specifically addressed these issues, recently, when he challenged Africans to be producers rather than consumers, he asked why governments waste the vast resources in these countries “instead of using the minerals well”. He established, truthfully, that African governments and their functionaries engage in “collecting dollars and pounds” instead of “collecting technology” which should serve the scientific interests of the people. Such money (hard currencies) are continually wasted. To him, “nobody will embezzle money if mineral resources are exchanged for technology”. Should oil be exchanged for technology, corruption would have been eliminated, he said.
Hart did his best breathy Marilyn. “Oh, Daddy, can I?”
Intro: THE EDITOR
Now it’s time to start using your social media account. Craft your messages carefully. In order to keep your customers and followers happy, your message needs to provide value and not just push products. Contests to gain followers and “likes” are fun at first but be careful that you don’t gain followers who just want to win a prize and not true customers who will gain value from your posts.
It was time for the car to go, but it was cutting the strings to the last of my young adult-hood. Because I might only be twenty-three, but with my second kid on the way those days are long gone.
All of these were done in MyMemories Suite (look on my sidebar for the link and discount code to get a copy of this fun program for yourself. The price after the ten dollar discount is very reasonable.).
I am challenging myself to find places to visit where I don't need a car. I want to intentionally find places to walk and ride a bike. When I owned my home, I would often walk to the grocery store, bank, library or post office. I am trying to fit that into my lifestyle now. Several years ago I did research on "walkable" communities. Now, I just have to find "walkable" communities that have nice RV parks.
I think what I’m most pissed about is that Baltimore got the better end of that deal, as father-of-quints Melvin Mora became a cult hero in Baltimore and Bordick even more so, by becoming a member of their own Hall of Fame.
Why is the issue of wearing the “tudung” (headscarf) always become an issue for us women?
Meanwhile, last year’s winner of the main Malcolm Hardee Award for Comic Originality is not playing the Fringe this year.
"Walk on the inside please. If one of us is going to get hit by a car, I want it to be me."
Hey sisters, I'm so sorry that I have been neglecting this blog so badly...
7 common
Or maybe there will be a day when I buy a serger… One can dream…
It kind of felt a lot like the establishment saying - ok we'll concede that it's 'art', but only on our terms and in our frames. Sanitised? Diluted?...I don't know. I would really like to know what motivated some of the artists to choose to be a part of it though.
after party for:
If I can make it here, I can make it anywhere, that's what they say
Syria enacted a law to seize Jewish possessions (houses, estates, shops) in Aleppo and in Qamishli in April 1950, and to settle Palestinian refugees in Jewish quarters. From 1958 to 1961, Jews leaving the country were forced to transfer their possessions to the Syrian state and to pay considerable departure expenses. In 1960 and 1975, a Canadian Jewish sponsor paid a ransom to get people out of the country. In 1967, Jewish workers were fired in order to hire Palestinians, and Jewish doctors and pharmacists were laid off.
11. Lata Mangeshkar - Meethi Meethi Baaton Se Bachna Zara
Kasha and bowtie pasta, veal meatballs (meh, wouldn't re-order)
It truly boggles the mind, doesn’t it?
I have done this with learning new languages; Latin, Hungarian, Spanish – all things I desperately wanted to learn, devoted countless hours to for weeks or months or even a year at a time, only to give up because I lost interest or because it became more work than fun; I’ve done this with more writing projects than I can even count; I have a landfill’s worth of unfinished projects stored away in dusty boxes; I’ve done this with maddening crushes; become so insanely in lust with someone(s) for awhile that I couldn’t sleep, couldn’t eat, couldn’t breathe without thinking of them… only to have it suddenly disappear one day out of the blue; and last year I even walked away from my ‘business’ without blinking an eye, which was more then a little idiotic since I’d basically managed to stumble into a dream job. At least with my business I managed to maintain my obsession for a solid three years or so before I just lost interest, but that doesn’t make my inability to follow through on it any easier to swallow.
However, when you choose your title think carefully. On Friday I will be doing a blog contest that will be incorporating my #storystarts contests. I'm not going to tell you exactly what the contest is until Friday, but I will let you know that the prize will be a three chapter (or 3 PB manuscript) critique.
* Soundtrack includes a new song by platinum-selling CeeLo and International superstar Dido also contributes an exclusive new track.
Mix all the ingredients together in a large bowl. (the mix will look very slopping and not that appealing but I promise it will come good),
* 8 Track cartridges
Do you have the confidence to embrace bold trends like June Ambrose and make them a part of your signature style? What are some of your signature style must haves? Leave your answers in the comments section!
DT: I'd buy Easie a drink, I owe him that much. But then I'd get the hell out of there. Even if he didn't make a grab for my wallet, there'd be sure to be trouble close behind him.
I faced that question last weekend, too. Hubs sent a text and asked if I wanted to go out to dinner with friends. On the high of a freshly mowed lawn and flowers blossoming on the patio, I suggested that they come over to our house for a simple cookout. Awesome. Plans made. Then I panicked. People coming over in just a few hours? Yikes. What to make?
I'll be back when I can.
Place 2 cups spinach in center of 1 half of each piece of foil.
“I’m uh, just, um, waiting on a friend.”
Thanks for helping us launch HawkWatch Fund. Stay tuned for more details this fall to learn how you can apply for funding for your site!
See the soft outlines of my face,
Cooks
Although the forthcoming roll of Stefano will end any fears he may have of being typecast, being known as ‘The Karate Kid’ should be an honour as Karate is underrated in the eyes of the general public and a lot of stereotypes surrounding it seem to exist.
However some people like to see the wires – so the choice of slip is up to you. Next, plan where you want to place the components. The following will be my rough layout, however the LilyPad and the battery will be sewn inside the cover:
In an effort at full disclosure here, I will repost my own episode of falling down some stairs that I posted on this blog a couple of years ago.
1 wanted
The woman goes on, 'And look, though my car was destroyed, this bottle of wine survived intact, too! It must be another sign. Let's drink to our love!'
At the heart of the case is a dispute over Mashal’s age.
We had stopped at a sizeable pull-off opposite a deep canyon which led up toward the high country of the Ventana Wilderness. No soaring condors in the sky above the fire-scarred peaks. Turkey Vultures. A couple of Red-tails. A Cooper's. We debated going "just a couple more miles maybe?" versus turning and heading back north. Suddenly a bright white splotch high on a very steep wooded slope above towering ledges caught my husband's eye.
Tibbs shook his head and took up his hat. “No, you don’t. But you’re a good sort, Banks, or at least the Admiral seems to think so. Just next time you send a policeman round, remember what I’ve told you about him.”
