All of the aforementioned madness, coupled with modern cellphone tecnology capability to summon flashmobs via mass instant messaging . . . yub, gonna be a long, hot political summer coming up . . .
Pharmacist Fred W. Stecher, the son of a German immigrant, created the soothing after-shave massage cream in the back room of his small drugstore on the west side of Cleveland. But it was Otto F. Leopold, who after Stecher's death would become president of the company, who led the creation of its famous "Pompeian Beauty of the Year" contest. Film star Mary Pickford was one of the first Pompeian beauties to grace the advertisements of the company, and helped Leopold to become one of America's early cosmetic tycoons.
GIMYM Blog (gimymblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Okay, fine, but those scenes in the fairytale world? They’ve already happened. They’re ancient history. And it’s very hard to get excited about what a character did years ago, however much it may inform and shape their present, when we’d rather be seeing what they’re doing here and now. Especially when the here and now is as fascinating as “a bunch of people live in ignorance of their true natures” or ”plane crash survivors struggle to survive on a mysterious island”.
Think about it . . .
Eggplant plants are quite attractive in the garden, with small purple flowers that are extremely ornamental. Once the fruits appear, they add extra beauty and color to the plants. For this reason, eggplants can easily be included in a flower border. Just be sure they're planted somewhere that receives a full day of sun, and grow the plants somewhere that is easy to access for harvesting.
That was until the 2nd April 1996. Cameron was 5 1/2 months old and nobody could have foreseen what was about to happen. That was the day that - it will never happen to me - happened to us.
“Do you have like a first-date outfit I could borrow? Like, I don’t know, a pair of cargo pants?”
Since Im dabbling more in animated type work these days, my caricatures reflect that simplicity.
Scoop out about a tablespoon or a little more of the dough (I use my small cookie dough scoop for this one) into an ungreased small muffin tin. Trust me, for some reason, these release far better from ungreased pans than from greased, and I've tried both ways.
I am being the person that I was born to be and I have been this way the whole time. I’ve never been lost because I’ve been here all along. I was blinded by all the shiny, bright objects of society, comparing myself to other’s wealth, success and perceived happiness. Once I looked away from the light and saw myself from an opposing perspective, then another perspective, and another perspective, I noticed there was nothing wrong with me. I was just me. When I don’t compare myself to anyone but me, I’m pretty awesome.
A step toward personal growth is to be willing to release the past and choose the present moment, to a life that is filled with an awareness of what is. We must first develop trust in the Universe, and a sense of surrender to the process of life. Know that all is well and for our benefit, and all experiences, both good and bad, are for our personal evolution.
Well, I know that you would have some burning questions you would ask, if only you could! I will be interviewing:
On the eye – Brooding, deepest walnut. Very handsome.
Hannah nodded, and Kathy brushed her hand across her cheek.
I have some advice to those would-be muses, those groupies and fans, those girls (and boys) who can truly feel the energy of a song as it’s being created – hold on my darlings, it’s a crazy ride. Inspire those you love by offering patience and support. Direct the crazy artist to the places that are here to help them (SOCAN, ASCAP etc). Fight with them, love them, lead them, hold them and most of all, let yourself be taken over by their creativity. Music is a gift, love is precious and life is short so live yours out loud.
What’s it like to be a Sithe? Um… I dunno, what’s it like to be a full-mortal? Tell you what, though, we are allegedly not very nice. That’s full-mortals’ opinion, anyway. We’re supposed to be baby-stealers, for a start. As if we’d volunteer for all that squalling and shi… I mean, nappy changing. You’ve given us a very bad reputation over the years, you know.
Speaking to reporters yesterday, Mohd Harris said the court ruled the transfer of shares had not yet happened and the court could not make the assumption that the transfer would happen and stop it.
Even worse, ethnic Russians who stay in Russia achieve fertility rates less than 1.5 child per woman -- even with pro-natal Kremlin policies -- while Chechen women maintain fertility rates well above 3 children per woman. Two thirds of births from ethnic Russian women are from women between the ages of 20 and 29 -- a part of the population that happens to be shrinking at this time. In less than 15 years, the number of Russian women in that age group are estimated to be reduced by almost 50%.
The visit hasn't happened (yet) but I remain confident that when time allows Molly will WOW the kids with Tilly the Trickster!
The book was to be factual.
We began saving and then after Christmas (with a decent amount saved but no where near enough to complete her room ) Milly was watching TV one day and fell in love with the style of the bedroom of one of the characters in the programme.She found the scene on BBCi showing the room and printed it out for me to see.The furniture was an eclectic mix(very Emily!) of very old fashioned painted pieces and I suggested that a good way to do that would be to go to Impact and buy used furniture to recycle and paint.
Stand in prayer – FORGIVE – Hold nothing against others
We are looking for your Square Cards the base a square, your image itself does not have to be a square, just your base.
There's no hatch here. Too much fine sediment. Too many cars. Too many lawns. And yet, I always return, always with a new batch of lures or flies in case I see a hatch. In a year of fishing here, I have yet to see one. The fine sediment, an artifact of centuries-old mill dams along the river, chokes up many of the pores between gravel and cobbles. The River is a beautiful mess.
Now you take the sample sets to any location where you are considering hanging your work, be that a gallery, a museum, a customer’s home, or a commercial location. Determine which of the brightness samples is best suited to the location, and which of the Color Temperature samples works best in this lighting, or which pair are closest, meaning a setting between the two would be ideal. Note down the selected settings. This can be repeated for multiple locations; in fact, if this is your standard printer, ink, and paper combination, this set of test samples will be the only ones you will ever need, unless you choose to mail a set to an associate at a remote location for determining the best choice of print settings for display there. If settings vary in a space that does not offer consistent lighting, you may need to determine which prints you will place where before assigning adjustments to images. Shooting a SpyderCube in the various locations can help assign color temperature numbers to the lighting conditions, if you want to get scientific about it.
The race-goers peppering the village are as recognisable to locals as plain clothes policemen appear to be to low life on TV dramas. It’s a roundness of tum, a type of tie, a slope of shoulder from slouching over the Racing Post. That and all the Bentleys.
If you're thinking of turning your hand to metals, or have already started to work with them and want to add color and new techniques to your metals skill set, I highly recommend this book. It is comprehensive and well thought out, and the directions are very clear and well illustrated. My only wish, as someone who has never worked with any metal at all, was that there had been a tiny bit of a glossary of terms in the beginning, as I sometimes had to read on for a little while before I found the definition of several things.
But hey, it was an assignment I relished, resulting in a five-page spread of some fantastic budget eats around Sydney, with awesome photos from Daniel Boud and Dave Cheng.
The Colour Package is not so much a package, but instead refers to books with any internal colour inserts and those books are subject to specific cost quotes depending on what the author requires.
So there is much to be gained from feeling marginalised - not least that it will hopefully teach me how not to turn into an intolerant twit.
From the record shop, mainly T-shirts of bands, either given out free as merchandising, or by the indie producers oiling a sale of their wares. Interestingly neither still happen quite so readily; the major record labels have slashed their merchandising giveaways and the indie T-shirt producers have gone out of business. Partly as they were pursued for breaches of copyright and the development of image rights.
I have had my eye on Raider for the past seven years and I the company first caught my attention around 2007, but recently (2010-2012), this company has concerned me. Like a lot of POD publishers who stay the course after their foundation year, Raider Publishing steadily did improve their service each year (2005-2008) and they showed sustained growth up to 2009. It has been a learning curve for them, and in the early times, it did show—that is why I held off reviewing them fully until 2008.
Do students still have to choose between support and inclusion?
So last night I couldn’t get to sleep. Having a long history of this I didn’t waste time tossing and turning but – knowing my own body and brain fairly well now- got up and went downstairs.
understanding of "UK values" - that or an attempt to re-interpret them.
Thank goodness the real world is nothing like school. Thank goodness I now get to leave situations in which I am feeling harassed or unwelcome.
Monday, 16 April 2012, 1:02 p.m.
In other news, I would like to report on the fact that recently, I’ve decided I may be finally.losing.it.
Section 13 of the Trade Marks Act, 1999 prohibits the registration of names of chemical elements or INNs which have been declared by the World Health Organization (WHO) and notified by the Registrar of Trade Marks.
What about Starbucks?
I am blessed
I wish he was still here with us, but I know that he is no longer suffering and will not suffer the fate so many with cancer suffer.
In other words the AIDS virus remains inactive when no agent medicine is attacking it. Inactive in as much as it stops its attacks. Of course it stops its attacks. There is nothing to attack. Its focus is not only to kill the AIDS carrier. But to destroy whatever agents he sends against it to help the host.
I did, however, want to make sure that the salesman was absolutely, positively not coming. I didn’t fancy the thought of again having to resist his sales superpowers and escort him off my property at the same time.
My journey was a bit bumpy from the start… I’ll just give you the highlights:
The first thing you need to know is that the earth tone whites fall into 2 categories; grey whites and yellow or cream whites.
Chester stayed right by my side at every step this morning, which is very unusual for him – but when I went upstairs to sit with Dakota, he stayed downstairs.
If you are handy with a hammer and nails, or have family members who are, you can make a fortune by applying for free government home improvement grants. It is entirely possible, and has previously been accomplished by millions, to take generous amounts of free government money to buy, rehabilitate, and then rent or resell property for significant profit. More and more American taxpayers are doing this each and every year, and right now, you may be able to as well.
When I say north america is covered in severe weather — I mean that LITERALLY.
Next, I am to list five things that I would stick up my ass. I am quite sure that PETA would stringently object to my sticking foreign or any other kinds of objects up the backside of a donkey so I must politely and with great class decline and if my refusal to follow this rule is grounds for repossessing my Glitter E. Yaynus award, then in the famous words of me, “Oh, well.”
1 bunch of fresh flat-leaf parsley, washed, pad dry on kitchen paper, cut into smaller pieces
I can't seem to pull together a full post lately - I'm perpetually moving, constantly distracted, and just ever so slightly mad as a hatter. So, today, you get the following random missives from my mind:
For ourselves though, it might be the first time we do it. So, therefore it is our first experience of it, so it seems somewhat personal and unique to us, but others are going through it, some at the same time. But it’s how we react to our experiences and which determines our next steps.
Empower Warlock: When this ally enters play, if you control another Warlock hero or ally, search your deck for a Pet or Demon ally, reveal it, and put it into your hand.
I think it was over a year ago when I first tried making guacamole. I didn’t have a recipe and wasn’t comfortable with winging it, so I turned to the food blogosphere for help. I came across Elise’s Perfect Guacamole recipe from Simply Recipes. I adapted her recipe and made the following modifications: I omitted the cilantro, chili’s, cut down on red onions and omitted tomatoes. As I’m not a fan of cilantro (I’ll eat the guac if cilantro is in it though because it’s kind of hard to pick it out), when I make it, I omit that. I omitted chilis because I wanted to keep them out and make a non-spicy version. I also cut down on the red onions because my red onion was ginormous and I am not a big fan of raw onions. Although, I have to say it has grown on me – as long as it’s diced finely. I tried it with tomato’s but I didn’t like it as much as when I left it out.
Heat a pig pan over high heat on the stove. Chop onion into small pieces and fry them in 1 Tbsp of coconut oil. Add fenugreek seeds, ginger and curry powder, stir gently and lower the heat to medium. Chop celeriac into small cubes and add it to the onions and spice mix after about 2 minutes. Then add veggie stock and cover pot with a lid (but don’t close it all the way- let some air get in). On low heat, cook the soup for about 20 minutes. Take pot from the stove, add soy/rice/almond milk and blend with a hand blender. Add more water and/or soy milk to get desired consistency. Let cool for a couple of minutes and serve topped with sprouts and pumpkin seeds.
I can feel my blood pressure going down. He is eating the fries that Jill dropped off. He is also drinking. I don’t know if it going to stay down, but at least he is drinking. No trip to the pediatrician tomorrow, yay.
7. Fruit smoothies. Lots of fruits and easy to drink. Best of both worlds.
An Asian bride emphasizes her beauty in a different way than a bride from the west. Softness, whiteness and fragility are the main features of the western bridal makeup as compared to Asian bridal makeup which focuses on the eyes with use of vivid colors and interesting shapes that can make the eyes look much bigger, more beautiful and eager for attention. The Asian bridal hair styling also accompanies that impression with use of various attractive bridal hair accessories and unique hair jewelry.
Neslen reaches beyond journalistic clichés to let a wide variety of
And my heart breaks. It breaks for the adults who have spent so much of their life’s currency in the desert years. It breaks for the young ones who don’t see all the beauty and possibility shining in their lives. And it breaks a bit for the sense that somehow, life is all backwards. That we spend the front half of our lives getting good and messed up, and then spend the back half of our lives unraveling the mess, all the while laughing at the twisted irony of it all: we were never really messes to begin with. We just thought we were. We thought we were too short, too tall, too skinny, too fat, too loud, too quiet, too smart, too dumb, too much, not enough. Other.
I've mentioned the bear sanctuary I'll be visiting later this summer several times recently, so imagine my surprise when pictures from said sanctuary began appearing on my Facebook news feed!! My friend Hoon, who is in the U.P. for a dental rotation, visited our friend Dustin's family owned bear sanctuary and posted some pictures from his visit.
I’m trying to find comfort in knowing he is no longer suffering, and for a moment yesterday I even envied him. I wish my pain was over, too.
Hey guys, Today is my birthday. I don't have that much time to post, but I just wanted to draw peoples' attention to the new Empire range that GW have brought out for WHFB. There's a real wellspring of fantastic models that I think will make excellent fodder for INQ28 conversions:
1a)-Brooklyn Lords, see "Lords of Flatbush".
Not Amex; which is what makes them such a formidable and admired brand. On the heels of this re-branding (of their rewards program) they made three announcements that provide the substance and follow through needed to make it real to their customers:
This journey that I have begun, at times, looks so overwhelming. But as God reminded me this morning, I am simply to take it one little step at a time. Today’s step was to make the phone call and schedule an appointment. Once I had completed my tasks, I felt such a relief and was so excited. I took a step out in faith–in the right direction!!
His parents were asleep upstairs in their bedroom. Dan says it was between 3 and 4 a.m. His life depended on his dad hearing that cell phone ring.
8. Screen Size: How Big Is Too Big?
You get the picture.
This new model has the gold ring that once signified the use of low dispersion (ED or sometimes Super ED) glass (in tele lenses originally but that changed to include all focal lengths), unfortunately Nikon has changed their marketing strategy yet again as this lens is devoid of any such expensive glass types. It does however adopt two aspherical elements, which will help keep the size and weight down. It also boasts a single Nano Crystal Coat layer to reduce ghosting and flare while according to the press release it is weather sealed as well (it adopts rear focusing, so there's no extending barrel to seal).
I still managed to develop a sinus infection though, and Friday last week saw me at the doctors queueing for some antibiotics. I hate to take them, but there are times when I am very glad of their existence!
The next step is important - just let it sit there for 10 minutes. This will allow the gluten to start working. I'm not sure about all the technical details, I just know it makes better bread if you do this.
Strobist
The ex-top cop said Nazri had told Parliament in March last year that “the Attorney-General Tan Sri Abdul Gani Patail has no power to strike a deal with anyone facing criminal charges for being caught in a sticky political situation.”
I used the venerable Mai Tai as a loose template, retaining the lime juice and orgeat, but swapping in some new ingredients to take things in a different direction (toward the Hebrides, it seems). I'll be the first to admit it looks odd on paper (or screen), but it's gotten positive feedback from the intrepid souls who've tried it, so I'll consider it a keeper. Plus, it afforded me the opportunity to draw a tiki wearing a kilt and a Tam o ' Shanter, so really, the whole affair was out of my hands from the get-go.
On a more personal note, IT SURE IS HARD TO BLOG WHEN YOU ARE WITH A FOUR YEAR OLD 24/7! I get so frustrated sometimes, I start jonesing for my blog and I just can't get to it. But don't think I'm complaining, I love being at home with her. (I just wish she would take long daily naps!)
She sent a copy of this recording for her pre-audition screening for the Sesame Street gig, and they liked her enough to bring her in for a live audition. I think it turned out pretty good.
Trisha is said to be commanding a price of 1.2 crore, which makes her the highest paid Tamil actor. Others in the one crore plus club are rumoured to be Anushka Shetty and Kajal. Young sensation Samantha too is reportedly earning over a crore in Tollywood while Tamannaah and Taapsee Pannu are inching their way up.
We often confuse busyness with accomplishment. Worse, when we get so busy doing “stuff” without intention or reflection, we can easily miss our opportunities for learning, seeing real solutions and opportunities for innovation, and chances for inspiring human connections.
- Chocolate Lush Dessert
If I remember correctly, I picked up the Half Moon Bay Pumpkin Festival program. Only one page remains...the Pumpkin Bread recipe! It is completely stained and has little "memories" (AKA stuck on crumbs) of past pumpkin breads.
Allergies, and Awesome You, Believe You Can Get There Too!
*Sign up (on the right) for E-mail Updates and you'll always be e-mailed any new posts & updates added to the site! This includes upcoming Television Original Movies, Movie Reviews, and any news on Upcoming Christmas Movies, etc...! You can also sign up as a Follower or Sign Up in other Readers/Feeds!
Nancy, since leaving her job as a prosecutor, has gotten way too big for her own britches. Someone needs to put her in her place before she causes the death of someone because of her sense of her entitlement and her big mouth.
Oh. Crap! I might actually have to gear that bitch up if they want me to go dps. /facepalm
Consider what you decide to let go of or how you change your thoughts/actions when you go through a coaching process.
3. Exhumed identity
So, what should I do to improve my ranking?
The food was great–and diverse for sure. A new term means new classmates, so there were a few hiccups along the way (the paella–my love!–was a disaster) but by and large everything was tasty.
steel!)
Marx is one of the main characters in the YA fiction I'm writing. He is partnered up with the VP character, Suavez.
This morning former Sunday Tribune business editor, Neil Callanan eked just a little more from the interview with the NAMA CEO and chairman last week and reveals in today’s Financial Times that NAMA has had contact from Middle Eastern investors expressing interest in Irish hotels with an aim to converting them into private homes and converting surrounding land into stud farms. Neil claims that “Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum [of Dubai], owns seven stud farms in the country. Sheikh Mohammed’s brother, Hamdan, has one and Saudi Arabia’s Prince Khalid Abdullah has two” NAMA exercises control over more than 80 hotels in Ireland and the hotel sector is generally seen to be suffering from overcapacity, so some of these hotels may indeed find themselves converted to stud farms in the future.
With a bit of remaining time, I lectured on water quality and its role in the brewing process. Tomorrow we're having an outside speaker talk about alcoholism and dealing with employees who may be alcoholics.
What I wish is that Tyler had the kind of social support he needed following this kind of cruelty. That's the intent of the It Gets Better project: http://www.youtube.com/itgetsbetterproject
But back to my point. Ongoing change presents us with real problems. Doing what is sensible for our business in the “here and now” is not necessarily what prepares it best for the “tomorrow and beyond”. Indeed doing what seems logically right today can be exactly the opposite of what is good for the long-term.
Done! It’s that simple. Once you’ve claimed your freebie, feel free to look around. You will still have your $10 credit and free shipping either way, as the freebie does not count as your first purchase. Use them today; use them in a few days… Doesn’t matter – it’s up to you.
Well it’s that thing we were talking about earlier with Sparks, it wasn't glam as in double tracked tom-toms, it was more art glam, and in that sense, yeah it was a glam band, but then when you have people dressed up as Little Lord Fauntleroy and dinosaurs, wearing white flowing capes, it’s hard to be anything other than glam, I suppose.
She is a blankie baby, she loves blankets to cuddle, suck, play you name it!
When we find the meaning of lyrics unseen,
South Africa has one of the highest crime rates globally, with Johannesburg often dubbed the "murder capital" of the world.
The only thing I want to say if they do read this is I am not bitching I am not seeing red angry
The two weeks previous to this one were very fully made up of a greatly diverse range of musical hi-jinks for me and I am making this post in a better-late-than-never mood. Frustrating circumstances saw it so that I did actually write two posts for those weeks that didn’t make it here – until now. Well, I’m actually just posting one of them, the more pertinent of the two. Enjoy:
While my goals, such as they are, are clear in at least a fairly big picture way, I don’t know the details in how I’ll achieve them, and right now I just have to work with what I’ve got. Which means that I’ll probably be getting a part-time job this fall. Working in the kitchens at a restaurant, perhaps. Something temporary and not very well-paying, but something I hopefully won’t hate too much. I know that I’m privileged in that my family is middle class: lower middle class, yes, but still with the financial ability to support their daughter past what’s usually considered high school age. But with insurance for me running out at my next birthday, and with my wanting to continue visiting friends who live far away, travel to new places, and do other interesting things, money is a must. And I really feel like I need to be the one
--Mr Brownstone
Andromeda Jaunsten isn't a very good alien. She can’t read minds like the rest of her class. She can't turn invisible or move things with pure willpower. She can’t even levitate, which is supposed to be downright easy. All she's ever been able to do is sense the emotions of those around her, and that's only good for finding out just how close she is to being expelled.
into letting her leave school at 16. She headed to Death Valley and
Secondly, there are at least 2 very major aspects of autism as experienced by actual autistic people (each of which is probably as large in scope as the whole social interaction/communication/"imagination" triad put together) which Wing's triad leaves out altogether - namely, executive function issues (including the well-known "autistic inertia", which, while aspects of it are often mischaracterised as "social anxiety" (among other things), has nothing at all to do with social interaction, communication or imagination, at least as far as i can tell from my own experience of it) and sensory issues (including sensory overload and all the vastly varied and well-documented differences in sensory perception and processing between autistic and neurotypical people).
If you're going to watch any of these stupid videos of mine, watch this one. The South Coast of Iceland is just gorgeous, the little glimpses provided in here don't even give you a taste.
Last month I wrote a short piece for the RFW's A- Z Challenge with my heroine meeting a Texas Ranger. To read that story go here.
Now if it can be the right word, let's get to the plot: Alucard (Vince Kelley) is a vampire-looking fellow who sleeps in a coffin in a cave in the middle of a desert in Bronson canyon... or Texas... or Nevada, maybe.... And every so often he peeks in on girls in their homes as they undress in front of big picture windows.
Remove the balls with slotted spoon,strain the oil completely and drop them carefully into the sugar syrup.Fry all the balls in the same manner on very low heat and then drop them into sugar syrup.Soak the balls in syrup for atleast 3-4 hours or for best results soak them overnight.Serve at room temperature or can be warmed in micro and also can be stored for a week in refrigerator.
Best Actor: I said George Clooney. The real winner: Jean Dujardin
As I sit down to type this post, it's nearly 10 pm EST. I just realized that exactly 7 years ago at this time I was laying in a hospital bed, clad in a flimsy gown and hooked to all sorts of monitors. Our daughter is the first grandchild on both sides of our family, so both sets of our parents had made the trip to the hospital and were camped out in the waiting room. I'd just received the blessed epidural and a calm had fallen over the delivery room. I was propped up on pillows, watching Sunday night football with my husband and I was too excited to " just rest" as the nurse had advised me.
She was so kind and wonderful to personally meet with all of us.
But the hair. Oh, the hair is another story altogether. And this is where my innocence may be called into question.
myself sliding up his wife’s fluid,
And please, do not worry. I'm not being unrealistic here or thinking that everything is suddenly gone. I know it's not, but the thing is, I have a more true feeling that it can be gone and will be gone (hopefully very soon). I am putting everything into faith, not modern medicine anymore and I know I will get on the right path to heal. If it doesn't happen right away, that's ok. That just means I have more to learn. I will just take the good days as they come and will cherish every little bit of time I get to be without pain. That is my miracle today, my friends. Thank you all for listening. I love you all for being a part of my life.
Meanwhile, here’s a series of small moments from the interfaith holiday season in our family.
There, I posted a picture of your favorite pony. We're even.
There were all kinds of ideas for historical figure kittens and every one brought suggestions for costumes, for the way we'd pose the kitten, the background settings and the blurbs to go with each page.
· Another dish inspired by Oringer’s friendship with an artisan producer, this dish features local Cape Cod bee pollen and Hudson Valley foie gras made by Oringer’s former college roommate.
And I decided, yeah, I’m happier writing about shit than the shit that these idoits (yes, misspelling on purpose) do. Though I reserve the right to poke them in print whenever the hell I feel like it.
My dream gave me unlimited access to the biggest Waffle House I'd ever seen, or at least unlimited access to the parts I've already seen as a customer. Giant griddles, kettles of grits and gravy, waffle makers, it just makes me want to call out: "Mark: drop two, scattered, smothered covered, three scrambled raisin. Plate." I don't know just what I'm saying, I'm probably getting cheese and onions on my waffle and a raisin omelette, but hey, it's my dream and I'm ordering properly.
Yesterday afternoon, my husband had somewhere to go. He said he was thinking about going by the funeral home (for his cousin) on his way home.
cold
However, Sudanese independence in 1956 and the new republic’s focus on pan-Arab fellowship created an unpleasant environment, and by the 1960s the Jews of Sudan emigrated to Israel, Europe and the U.S. In 1977, the exiled Jewish community made arrangements with the Sudanese government to transfer the bodies from Khartoum’s Jewish cemetery for reburial in other countries.
Bonjour Mesdames et Messieurs!
* Once all debts have been paid off the government should abolish and just give tax credit for all monies set aside for retirement funds based on some inflation index for a standard middle class family to live on annually (meaning that the amount of money allowed tax free is what is established to provide you with a retirement in that middle class status – no guarantee that you will save that amount but you have that option). Although I believe all tax loop holes should be eliminated and go to a flat tax based on annual budget numbers not income – the government should want to encourage this type of self responsibility and so I have no issues with this as it will eliminate this type of drain on the economy/government – as this would actually be for the “common good”.
What a great writing prompt... What would you do if you were trapped in a bubble? I don't have any pictures of their creativeness but I do have a picture of all of our bubble fun! It was such a beautiful day!
And Naman was absolutely correct.
Faithfully
"We've never seen anything like it," he said. The previous high was 858 in 1996, the year after Timothy McVeigh, a militia sympathizer, and Terry Nichols, a sovereign, killed 168 people, the nation's deadliest terrorism attack after Sept. 11.''
Dudley
2 hours later we are both more hurt and upset and I still don't know what I did wrong.
siblings and two
When I was thirteen I dived into a natural pool by a rocky beach in western Havana without finding out first how deep it was. I couldn't swim at the time and I almost drowned. I was saved by two of my mates; incidentally I almost drowned one of them, too.
Remember when a bag of hamburgers at McDonalds were 15 cents? Remember when Elvis Presley joined the Unites States Army? Remember when the Berlin Wall came crashing down? Well… neither do I, but these photos identify the moments in history when each of these events occurred. It is no secret that history has taken its course and just about everything that was has changed. Sometimes these changes were for the better, and sometimes they were for the worse. Regardless, life has taken its course and where we are today is a far cry from where we were.
After a break at our room to greet Mistress Sandra and add her to the party, we headed back to Epcot and each had a glass of the previously recommended Riesling in Germany…
I've got a new journal page to share with you tonight.
Participating pushed me out of my comfort zone and out into the world again. I've been on TV, interviewed by newspapers, done some modeling and been a spokeswoman, entered a nation picture book contest, given a writer's workshop for middle grade students who are sending me their work to edit, and gained the respect of my family, friends, and community.
*Does it bring me enjoyment?
Show us the proof? Show us Al Gore’s warm blanket. Show us anything that proves your point. Show us anything except the vile hatred of the left.
XO!
Press & Media preview Friday March 2, 5-6pm
When I write initially, it's often very basic character development, dialogue and action. I look at my plot and concentrate on what events I need to cover and how the characters act and react. There's very little sense of what people look like and what the world looks like. Little by little, as I edit, I fill in missing details and try to bring the people and the world to life without bogging the story down. I also try to cut all the little repetitive things I do automatically that annoy me when I read back through. Find and Replace is my best friend at this stage. How many times did I use the words that, just or eyes? Then I go through and check every one and see if I can get rid of them.
My neighbor, Elly, , fell and broke her hip some time ago and has not returned to her home. Her pine cone wreath from the Winter is still hanging on her house and look what a robin did.......
I even found that studying in a crowded, noisy food court worked for me! Perhaps it was the dumplings??
Food not only has the power to sustain life but to do many other things. Food comforts us when we are feeling stressed or down. It is an integral part of family celebrations and social gatherings. It is a tradition connecting the present to the past. Bonds of friendship and love are created and strengthened by cooking and eating together. Many things are discussed and shared over dinner tables.
I said "I feel like you'd take a blue sock if you saw one, and call it a costume."
Earlier this week, I discovered that I had paid another bill twice in two weeks.
This blog was born out of the, ahem, need to communicate while stuck at home with a toddler and a baby. Since then, life has gotten a bit more hectic and I spend most of my "computer time" (which G would say is ALL the time) writing blog posts for a dental practice (snore) or trying to come up with witty Facebook, Google+, Twitter posts for said dental practice - NOT EASY, Internet, not easy.
Anyway I hope I haven't offended to many people and that you can enjoy the post .
But there's more. The gamut of tests and tubes have found that I also have bronchiectasis - a lung disease that makes you more prone to chest infections. Exhaustion is one of the main symptoms.
We had a great time - it was a good crowd with a strange blend of white-haired ladies and seersucker suited gentlemen mixed in with hipsters sporting super straight jeans while drinking PBR from a can.
Slattery’s Rathmines
The standards of quality performance vary in each organization. An organization should plan and execute employee performance measuring factors which are related to the business and job.
As an adult, I am a fan of many genres of music. When I am in the car, or alone I turn on the radio really loud and sing along to most of the songs. Country music is probably one of my favorites. When I hear the classic country like Loretta Lynn, Dolly Parton,George Jones, and Johnny Cash I smile because it takes me back to when I was a child. My mom and I dancing around the living room and having a great time. (I still do not like Conway)
By the way, I missed adding my link to The Story Siren's IMM post last Sunday, so I am reposting this (with the added books I have gotten over the last week, so you all can see my TWO Sunday's worth of books!) Sorry for the confusion.
Love in the Time of Dragons (Light Dragons #1)
1 pint fresh strawberries, washed and hulled
But what about that hole? Well, Hylan had another bright idea: a tunnel between Brooklyn and Staten Island. The project began in 1923, with holes began on both sides of the Narrows, at Fort Wadsworth on the Staten side, and Bay Ridge on the Brooklyn side. The project, however, was abandoned. What remains on both sides is affectionately known as 'Hylan's Holes'.
Cynicism aside, there's a real problem here, if my sample of two is representative. It's for this reason that I'm kicking it to the women of Franklin Avenue (not least because, much to my surprise, the 77th's Community Affairs Officer claims to read local blogs, including Nostrand Park and ILFA): Do police officers on Franklin ever harass you? I'm hoping the anonymity afforded by the comment thread will allow people to speak their mind on this, because with harassment by non-cops already a problem on Franklin, the last thing we need is for the police to be part of the problem.
So on this Blessed Ostara, I renew myself and pledge to become a better man than I was yesterday.
Sending you a good Canadian winter wish for your birthday
Bill: Edison, a man who was perhaps the greatest inventor and innovator of all time said, "Ideas come from out of space." He didn't mean from somewhere between Jupitor and Neptune but rather the ether or land of thougths, what physicists call reciprocal space.
Of course, heroism value vs. risk-reward value also manifests itself in the little decisions that come about during dungeon delving. Is it always the same player who says "I'll open the chest"? Is there always a certain player who is never willing to explore that little 2' wide wormhole twisting off into the ground? Are there certain players who let their PCs hang back from combat if they're wounded and let other characters take the brunt of the fight?
To not continue, in every culture and country of the world, to shoulder a significantly larger portion of household responsibilities related to children, cleaning, cooking, shopping, laundry. Every culture and country. Regardless of other employment status.
We invite you to join us in Sandy, UT. (South Towne Expo Center located at 9575 South State St. -booth number 110) for the 2010 Utah Green Industry Conference and Trade Show, Jan 25 – 27th.
4. G98.7 radio – A fabulous blend of reggae, soca, world, urban and r&b radio, with the welcome return of Jemeni & Mark on the morning airwaves! My new go-to radio station for feeling giddy and light during the week! Listen to it live online, too at http://g987fm.com/.
I feel so much more relieved know that we are putting a plan of action in play for Maxi. For the next couple of weeks he will be focusing on his writing ability, to enable him to move and be taught with different classes as he needs to be. He will be focusing on spellings of tricky words, rather than reading (which he is fine with) and also some of the mathematics from later in the year, until his teacher gets his personal learning plan in place in time for parents evening before the end of term.
I love being with him and watching him play and explore.
Columbus used on top of the 1-0 guide going into the third. The actual Potential predators reacted with a target coming from Weber One:19 in the 3 rd Jonathon Blum at 6:20 to take a 2-1 lead.
Rules and Guidelines: Circle Blog Challenges are open to Cricut Circle Members only. Your project must be newly created for this challenge and include atleast 2 Cricut Image Cuts. You must submit a project to be entered into the Challenge Prize Drawing.
UPDATE: 17th July, 2011. Without citing sources, Aine Coffey in Ireland’s Sunday Times (not available online without subscription) reports that a Bill is making its progress through the Irish cabinet and will be presented to the Oireachtas in September/October. The Bill is to have a five-year sunset clause which the newspaper claims is to bat off challenges to its constitutionality. A sunset clause merely means the Act will be discontinued after five years but it is not clear why a sunset clause would make the Act immune to legal challenges by disgruntled landlords. Other features of the Bill are reported to include
Total work in progress. It’s only been 6 weeks, after all. I guess I should cut him a little slack…
After "Boggy Creek", Pierce would go on to direct, “Bootleggers,” “The Town That Dreaded Sundown,” “Winterhawk,” “The Winds of Autumn,” “Grayeagle,” “The Norseman,” “The Evictors” and “Sacred Ground,” as well as “Boggy Creek II.”
Food for thought.
There were rival trains that ran between King’s Cross and the Great Northern Cemetery at New Southgate, started in 1861 that carried on for at least six years. The service ran from Rufford Street, N1 which is not demolished. It had the advantage of being only a fifteen minute journey.
Don't be surprised if you don't see any reference to Hammer in the credits. Falcon, the production company, was one of Hammer's subsidiaries and for financial reasons the powers that be decided to erase any reference to its far more famous parent company.
Anger over the legislation was embodied by the presentation of an article published last week in The Mail & Guardian, a major weekly newspaper here, about Mac Maharaj, the spokesman for President Jacob Zuma. Most of the text had been blacked out. This outcome, the paper’s editor said, was what loomed for South Africa’s press if the legislation became law.
Not a great game of football by any means but our first goal scored against Liverpool in over 25 years :O
Ah, but my favorite find of the weekend had to be the videos that were provided for Karla May's edutainment by a friend of hers. I herein present to you an excerpt from the "Girls Night Out Club Dance" instructional videos:
Let me preface this blog with a little background on why I think and act the way I do.
In another post, I’ll try to put together some of the instances in which I and others have had occasion to apply Auster’s Law(s).
#5652 Sugar Free Strawberry – 48/3.25 oz Case - $29.99
» 11/26 – Las Vegas, NV @ MGM Grand Garden Arena
It will not take long before we start seeing the most personal photos stolen from the full access to our accounts, and O the government will say it wont happen but just look at the full body scanners it will it is it does and they will be allowing it by giving full access to humans who's nature it is to want to gossip.
I created a few 8x8 layouts and one of them was of my husband and I in Napa for our 10 year wedding anniversary. Here are some pictures below. I love the Le Romantique paper collection. It's so pretty and "romantic"! Click HERE for my blog post with additional details and pictures.
we don't have anyone to take us to the airport? on a friday night?
Since sometime in 2010 -2011 I started seeing some really new within the human energy field. Keeping in mind, during those times I was only doing massage… so what I was seeing was thru clients on my table as I accessed their DNA.
The Design Team have been feeling the sunshine, and have come up with some stunning inspiration for you.
I meant to start this blog about an hour ago but I got distractumacated. Distractulated. I was whisked away to other worlds as I visited other blogs, learning about patience, creating a home studio while undertaking home schooling and the much-needed packing for a wonderful trip.
RNC Video: You wanna talk about the “war on women”? Let’s talk about it!
- Generally felt a bit crap and powerless regarding both my failure to come up trumps, and my lack of mojo or clear vision regarding where the writing is going.
Saturday we go for the 4D ultrasound, which we’ll go to as a family. Gavin and Greta are excited to see their little sister. They realize she might not be with us long, but they love her none the less. They hug my belly and say goodbye to her before heading off to the bus stop, and pat my belly “hello” as soon as they get home. It’s sweet to have Nora included as a part of the family.
He married a mermaid one fine night
Another month passed by and again I am very glad that I can feature another lovely project of a Guild member to you - Renikas lovely embroidered 14th century buttoned dress. This project is still in progress and I am especially looking forward to the one or more squirrels she will maybe add in the future :)
Would you like to hold the tiniest primate in the world? Or scuba dive with a whale shark?
My calculation is based on the formula of one 12 oz. can of beer consumed every forty five minutes over three hours. For the above event that comes to two six packs for consumption and two more for unexpected guests and “left-over”. Total is one case of canned beer.
So how is “Frozen” similar to The X-Files episodes I mentioned above? “Ice” features Mulder and Scully visiting a remote research facility in northern Alaska at which a frozen alien parasite is discovered which causes virtually everyone to fall ill. “Gethsemane’ is about an alien discovered in the Canadian snowy wilderness that may hold the key to human origin, but turns out to be a manufactured hoax. The similarities are enough to remind me of those episodes. Bruce Harwood playing a minor character in "Frozen” cements the nod to one of my all time favorite television series.
SUPER BODY, SUPER BRAIN improves cardiovascular function and glucose metabolism while a child is focused on another goal, removing the burden of shame that can accompany explicit attempts at weight management
Alison xoxo
It seems today is not my day,
I should preface this post by saying that I really have like 10 white whales, but this 1997 Upper Deck SPx ProMotion Michael Jordan is a card that I've been after for about 4 years. Ever since I saw it I new I wanted to build the entire set. Luckily for me, the set is only five cards and I have four out of the five. The bad part, the Jordan sells for over $100.
Configuring a Relay Connector in Exchange 2010
Two weeks ago, after a couple of days in Bamberg with two of my oldest friends from Ireland, and on the eve of my Birthday, we had an ideal opportunity to put a bottle of Alpirsbacher Ambrosius -- a new German Tripel released shortly before Christmas 2010 and the first of two German Tripels I came across since, the other being being the Franz Anton Schäffler Triple -- through its paces against a couple of Belgian Tripels and a German wildcard in a blind tasting.
Truly the power of the movie is in its story and its unique way of filming. I’ve heard people call this a found footage film but it’s far from it. It’s not so much found footage as a movie which weaves a story through the use of the filming eye. We have two characters that are filming the events, along with footage from security cameras, news reports and other sources. By using the unique perspective but getting away from the trappings of the found footage film, Chronicle is able to breathe life into this filming convention and really raise the bar for other movies to come.
Bill Callahan - guitar, vocals,
5. Breaking Dawn
This experience reminds me no matter what our skin color, culture upbringing, or many other things that separate us...we are the same, we see art forms as a way of expressing our inner selves. There is so much more deepness to this, I can barely let the emotion come through on this post. It's beautiful. I love meeting others who share like this.
12) Hope
“It is I,” said a meek sounding voice from outside the cave.
Then again, it's a push poll. The question likely was meant to inflame opposition to the incumbent among less-affluent (and less-informed) members of her constituency.
The complete Victoria Embankment railway lines area is full of rubbish.
You get the general idea.
4) Smash the chicken with a stone pounder or the side of a chopper.
This is big, by the way, there is a VAT tax as well, but the excise tax for a pint of 5% beer is about 50p if my back-of-the-envelope calculation is correct. So for the festival ale at Burton Bridge, about 50p out of the £3 price is for the excise tax alone.
Lexicon word of the day: circumlocution.
8:24 p.m.
Here's how it usually works:
When my brother Tom first heard my father’s story about running into someone who claimed to be a government agent back in 1982, he said he was “shocked.” Even for my brother, a veteran of many Rainbow Gatherings, he said he wasn’t prepared for the revelation that someone claiming to be a government agent would be interested in my father. Dad was a registered Republican and a lifelong member of the POS of A, also known as the Patriotic Order Sons of America. For sure, he was on the opposite side of the fence as my mother who was a peace activist.
This was only the beginning, for it interfaces with two other grids on the planet that are also invisible. The second one is called the Crystalline Grid. The third one we will call Gaia. All of these are together and intertwined, but the one that is the most dynamic is the Crystalline. The Crystalline Grid responds to Human consciousness and that which is called the Kundalini of the planet. This is energy that moves and uncoils itself, but only if it is called to do so through that multidimensional energy called, “Human consciousness.” This is what has happened, and now let us explain why.
I’m actually behind, by about five pages now. My best friend said she finds it comforting that I’m not finished yet, said it makes me more human somehow if I’m struggling behind like the rest of the participants. I’m not a struggler, though, never have been except in math (math is evil). I don’t like being behind. I don’t like procrastinating most things. Yes, I was that annoying person in school who had all the papers written three weeks in advance. You hated me. And I hated you. It was a mutual hate.
Just one more little story. Dad was a graduate student at Harvard Business School when I was born.
I made lots of silly “hang in there” cards
Seek out the good in people.
What’s obsessing you now?
Two Icelandic MPs have proposed their government should offer Chinese Nobel Laureate Liu Xiaobo political asylum in the country. http://bit.ly/uPzmUU
I also love the way Ky added just the eyes and grin - we don't need to see the rest to know that the Cheshire Cat is hanging around! The sparkle of white in the eyes seems to indicate a twinkle, which echoes the merriment in that big, engaging grin!
This outfit is green in two senses of the word. Literally (the skirt) and figuratively (mostly vintage and/or thrifted). There's more than one way to be green.
Shabbat shalom, y'all.
Thank you, Kate, for that look into your teenage years and habits!
That's it. But each of those meals counted for SO much in terms of how I felt about my day and myself. It felt like I chose the proper prioritization for once. (And that I would tack "for once" on there is both accurate and disturbing.)
The flaw he sees in the BCS is with the rest of its games and how access to them is controlled.
So let’s close our ears to the voices that would pull down our faith and call us to look elsewhere to find a peace that satisfies. Instead, let’s choose to be among those who are ‘contrite and lowly in spirit’, who listen intently to that loving voice of God and learn to recognise it as readily as we do the voices of father or mother or others close to us.
Holy angels have been serving Yahweh for six million years and counting. The least spoken of in the Scriptures are the angelic hosts but the Scriptures give hints to the knowledge tucked away at the Great Hall of Records. All angels were created in the great fiery furnace of Mount Zion. Visit the new Holy Angels page compiled from revelations given to this Ministry as well as a few of the biblical records of angelic activities.
So I decided to makeover one of his old favorites in a Vegan, compassionate form. Most of the foods we like are not about the "meat" anyway. It's all about the texture and the spices and flavors we add to it. In making a mock "fish" dish, it's important to get that taste that reminds you of the sea. Seasonings like Old Bay, kelp, dulce, seaweed, lemon and dill are good for that. Many people make mock "crab" cakes with tofu but that texture doesn't seem right to me. Tofu is too smooth. Tempeh is more substantial, giving you that flaky texture reminiscent of seafood.
What, then, of those who set forth from Scotland and settle elsewhere? They appear to be of at least two types – those whose romantic hearts have remained behind and those whose eyes are set on other lands and ne’er backerties do they cast. There is ample evidence that Scots have held fast to their home nation even when living on the other side of the globe (read Kenny MacAskill’s book Wherever the Saltire Flies for detail) and there is an equal amount of evidence that there were Scots who never thought a second time about shaking the dust of Scotland from their shoes (although we still like to claim them as our own when it suits us). Those who never look back seem to be on a par with those who have never looked here, their links with Scotland are broken, it has become just another country to them, quite possibly as foreign a country as the past can make it. Scots who have moved abroad but carry a piece of Scotland with them have never truly left but their connection is simply not as strong as the connection between Scotland and someone born elsewhere who has chosen to live here – they are Scots just as much as any of us are Scots, it doesn’t matter whether you can trace your Scottish roots back to an ancestor who sat in McAlpin’s court or your Scottish roots began at the airport last week if you’ve made the commitment to live in Scotland you’re a Scot if you choose to be one.
And now this is a post about potty training but we really aren't potty training yet... Wow I'm confusing, huh?
I will never keep a secret from you again, promise.
Being what others want
“All alone and lonely oh!” it cried.
the hinge my day moves on, the hour that sets the rhythm for whatever I can do within the white space that lies between sunup / sundown.
And now that I’ve stumbled into Pythagoras for the third time, I might start to find a connection between my small harmonic output and the sparkling depths of the universe. The photo above is from the Hubble Heritage gallery: supernova remnant A0102 in the Small Magellanic Cloud. Such a spectacular vision really does resonate with me. I will think of it next time I play my cello and be happy that I’m haunted.
The last time a sheriff and deputy were this outmaneuvered was in Monogram's 1944 classic, VOODOO MAN (above). As happened there and in SCREAM 4, the characters eventually learn to not even bother calling the cops, who would likely just shoot them by mistake or get killed because they never think to watch what's going on around their car on stakeout. But Dudley Manlove, or Wally or Dewey or whatever his name is over in Screamville is worse, for in his refusal to accept any help from his far more competent wife while endangering the lives of his entire town.
But as she fell asleep
Something to Read (book, magazine, poem)
After the screening, Kelly Hoppen (with the best hair in London) kindly gave me a ride in her chauffeured car to the after party at a 'secret rendezvous' in nearby Soho. I know certain people 'around town' won't invite her to their homes as she is known as a "Hello Girl" but I thought she was adorable. Especially when she told me at the very start of her career as an interior decorator, Richard took a snap of her, which she feared would embarrass her when she become 'famous' in later life.
I’ve written before about how shy I am around women that I’m attracted to. I’ve also written about how I think that this is at least in part due to my fear of being seen as just another male on the make. My guess is that this is somewhat common amongst us “nerdy” types, but my problem is compounded by the fact that, other than wearing glasses, I don’t fit the physical profile of your stereotypical nerd. As for what I’d do if I’d actually found the woman of my dreams…
Have you heard anyone say that during a party? I did. I heard it from ME! Me and my sisters has been preparing for the party last Sunday for ages, it was actually a Birthday Party; a First Birthday Party. From the invitation, motiff, color of the curtains, balloons, cake, the menu; what were not prepared for was the celebrator getting sick, and apparently the throng of uninvited people who attented the event.
"better off without me fucking things up, I always loved you and this is better than me
RCD have worked on retail and leisure complex The Light in Leeds and the city's Quarry Hill development of flats and offices.
She reached for his hand. He wrapped his fingers around hers, and looking back said “Billy, I’m leaving you for tonight, take care of the tour bus.” “Soon enough I’m taking my shot”. He cocked his fingers like a gun. “Bang”.
My cousin and her husband (who I shall refer to as Daisy and Cook respectively) offered their attic space for my sister's things. I got the honor of bringing a lot of the supplies up there too, though Daisy, sis, and I worked together on that more than we did at home. Sis was going to be staying with them until her room could be situated.
I've made quite a few cards for the OLW challenge this week--the challenge is to make a one layer card without a sentiment. I made about 6, but only kept 4. I'll show you the good, the bad, and the ugly (all according to my opinion). I promise not to judge you if you think what I think is bad or ugly to be good.
So I get up (after hitting snooze at least once) and I wake her. I shake her, I tickle her, I bounce her...somehow, someway, I manage to get the child to open her eyes and look at me. Then I do it again. And again. And again. Until she is finally coherent enough to understand that she is going to miss her bus if she doesn't get her butt out of bed. Luckily, she still likes school and doesn't want to be late! So she gets dressed and trudges down the stairs and looks in the pantry...and the fridge...and the feezer, before announcing that there is absolutely nothing to eat. Even though I have just gone food shopping and bought everything she asked for...apparently, what she wanted yesterday is no good today. I should know that, right? Note to self - yesterday's preteen wants are today's waste of money and tomorrow's garbage. OK, got it!
77. Billy's Got His Beer Goggles On -- Neal McCoy
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
The seasons come, the seasons go
This Chinese restaurant was not your average restaurant however. It had a different way of attracting customers with its weird and peculiar, disgruntled waiter and his cruel serving. His demeanor and way with customers would spread quickly by word of mouth and would attract tourists and customers from all over. It makes perfect sense when thinking of how it attracted people like it did. When you do the opposite of things it attracts attention, and if you can spin it off in a positive attraction such as acquiring customers then it’s not so bad.
“Women do have a language of our own, and you can’t learn it at Rosetta Stone,” Ms. Altfest said, referring to the foreign-language tool.
Ezekiel's prophecy has come true, and just as the Lord showed him, the Valley of Bones has new flesh and sinew and now lives again in the Land of Israel.
Since our recent office move, however, things have changed. Because parking up here is a bit limited, I have to get in fairly early to make sure I get a space. That naturally means I have reached my hours total earlier too so can head home. And even though the new site is further from our house, I now drive straight here rather than messing about with Park & Ride buses so each trip is 15-20 minutes shorter too. Plus MrsB has had her hours changed and now finishes at 4 so we are both early birds.
Annie Sloan Chalk Paint goes over ANYTHING
But then again maybe my game spirit came from Pat himself. How can you not love it when a guy with a giant head is running around your place of employment making everybody laugh and signing autographs (Plus he had a really nice ass). He brought a couple of the cheerleaders with him and there are many little (and big) boys going to show and tell next week with picture to make their friends jealous. (Just a note, those aren't cheerleader with him, but they are just as beautiful and every bit as fantastic).
“Frankly, we’re still trying to figure out what predators do on reefs. The reason for that is because most predators have been removed from reefs. Most reefs that coral reef biologists study are moderately to heavily degraded,” Baum said.
It does just the opposite from what you hoped
We will assemble at 3pm at the Government Plaza downtown and march from there, past the International Civil Rights Center, Bank of America, financial centers, and finishing at Festival Park (200 N. Davie Street)
Lakers, Hornets and Rockets completed a deal that would send All-pro Guard Chris Paul to the Lakers while Lamor Odom, Kevin Martin, Goran Dragic and Luis Scola head to New Orleans with the Rockets receiving Pau Gasol.
Then, one of Crystal's interns came to my side. I closed my eyes again. It's just easier to focus. She whispered into my ear, "You have trouble hearing God, don't you?" I smiled. Oh yeah, God's listening. She began to pray that I would hear His voice more clearly, dream vividly, and see into the Spirit realm. I probably haven't written a lot about angels and demons, but in my family we believe that they exist and do have an effect on our lives if we let them. I was so excited to hear her pray what I wanted without me telling her.
We expect to have things go our way and are deeply offended when that doesn’t happen, as evidenced by the plethora of personal injury lawsuits in this country. Some of the wasteful spending in healthcare occurs for the same reason, as costly diagnostic tests and unnecessary treatments are utilized in a futile attempt to eliminate all suffering and to forestall death.
Picked up the boy on Thursday evening and will never, EVER do that again directly from teaching all day without one of those energy drinks. Ever.
fired! Without recourse – without prejudice.
I’ve tried to find the time to stop and let myself process all of this, but considering it the end of my last semester of my undergraduate career…my time is a big goose egg. I have taken 18 hours, working 20 hours a week, handling clinic, and waiting to hear back from grad schools.
If you watch only one video in your lifetime, this is the one to watch. Everything stated here is how Socialists / Communists / liberals / progressives destroy productive countries for their own agenda. Watch and see how far up the BS meter we already are....
Fareda: Ouch!
7)Alberta CN, Moose
also requested service contractors and installers report the number of inspections and remediations undertaken for a water heater back to the distributor where it was purchased. The manufacturing year is located in letters five through eight of the 16-digit serial number (Example: XXXX2008XXXXXXXX).
You discover that betting is complicated and you seek your mother's advice. She doesn't know what to say. She wonders: Should you hedge your bets? Is there time to do research? Should you throw this money at the horse with the coolest name?
*From Mark Lowrey: Tuesday, January 31st, 2012. Price: $3. Mark kicks off a new series at downtown Kansas City's Czar Bar. Each Tuesday, Mark hosts a rotating lineup of some of Kansas City's finest jazz, improv, electronic, and classical musicians for a special, unpredictable night of music and fun.
Um yeah. Isn't it that way for everyone? I wish that my hearing wasn't so good-it's painful. And I wish I didn't have seizures (which aren't autism. They're seizures. They're a pain). It'd be nice to not have to make a federal case about my ability to take a community college PE class (no, really). My family is kind of awful, and I wish that weren't the case ... or if it must be, the way people act towards people with crappy families is unacceptably victim blaming and I'd rather it weren't like that. And I wish I didn't live in a world that thinks that people like me don't deserve to be ourselves ... but that is the world's problem and it needs to get over it.
What do you mean Joe? Explain this rollercoaster in reverse. Ok, when you ride a rollercoaster, the Big Hill is first. In life, we like to climb the Little Hills first. At an amusement park; the bigger the first hill on a rollercoaster, the longer the line of people to ride the coaster. In life; the bigger the challenge of the first hill, the shorter the line of people who are will to take it on. Life is like riding a rollercoaster, in reverse. Or maybe it is just the opposite of riding a rollercoaster, but you get my point. Don’t you? You don’t!?! Keep reading.
As it's Thursday it's time for a new Willow Sketchie Challenge and this week our host is Lisa and she has created a fab sketch I think you will agree but as most of the DT had followed the sketch and theme, I decided to just follow the theme for my card which is "Let them eat cake" so we want to see food on your cards this week. or you can follow the sketch or both.
Some hot, some cold, some deep, some shallow, some communal, and some personal.
personnel hired.
ALE
Stage 2: The Pattern
In August of 2002, Georgia’s returning leader in sacks was Jonathan Sullivan, with all of 4 sacks. The defensive unit returned 5 lonely starters, Sullivan and David Jacobs at tackle, Tony Gilbert and Boss Bailey at linebacker, and only running-back-turned-corner Bruce Thornton. We all have concerns about the defense in 2009, but in 2002 there were even more questions. Again, quotes are from a Standard Conventional Wisdom piece dated Summer 2002:
Voilà le cheval (pointing)
I didn't expect to see anyone at the reception I knew but in a Ferrero Rocher-free environment at the top of a building in Knightsbridge, with a wonderful terrace, I spotted Shirley Hughes straightaway. And later my Swedish publisher. Shirley and I agreed we must have been invited because we were both ALMA nominees ( and every pleased to be so.)
If not souls and places
But there are some more questions that have to be raised first.
After a lot of mental arithmetic backed up by a calculator, I can tell you that the lucky winner is #45 Sally McD! . Congratulations, ladies! Please use the link in the sidebar to contact Abi and Fi who will explain how to claim your prizes.
The last two days I have had post scheduled for first thing in the morning. The last two days I have come home from work and there they sit still saying scheduled. I'm going to try this again and hope that it's posted when it's supposed to.
03. Girls
Tie your product to the most important things in life, and you will be fine.
The station, now the property of NSW Parks and Wildlife and preserved for posterity, was established to quarantine immigrants as late as 1985 who arrived with a variety of diseases from influenza (Spanish) to scarlet fever and even smallpox and the bubonic plague. In the 70's and 80's it was home to Vietnamese refugees until they could be resettled in Australia.
I can still suck it in, but rarely remember to.
After observing that the issue is money, he offers a cold-water corrective from a Democrat who says that the project is a fait accompli. However, Smith concludes:
The original light was extremely dated in a not-good-vintage way. The white glassy part where the light shines through also had cracks in it so it's been a bit scary sitting under it at times.
My parents told me that I loved Ravel's BOLERO so much that I could tell which record it was because I had "memorized" the visual patterns in the groove of the record. If they showed me the grooves of LET IT BE and the grooves of BOLERO I could always tell the Beatles from Ravel.
That's precisely the situation Kit Livingstone finds himself in. He doesn't understand it, but it involves alternate realities and is somehow related to ley lines, or force fields of telluric energy...and the groundbreaking experiments of the bizarrely tattooed traveler Arthur Flinders-Petrie, a.k.a The Man Who Is Map.
Related Link :
Here is what one woman posted on QVC’s community boards:
I also received a really nice gift from Jennifer, Kai's Mom. Last year, she sent me an ornament for the babies I lost in 2010 - Jacob, August and Cub. This year she sent this year is a similar ornament for Madeline and Emma, the babies I lost in 2011.
Yes, were you a better drug dealer than others?
Range: 1 mile + 1 mile per extra PP
For those who didn’t? Take it from me. Failing to teach children the real limits of what they can count on adults for is not merely teaching a lie–it’s teaching a potentially dangerous one. There’s generally a point at which politely requesting help from the powerful but disinterested authorities fails. As activist type people (which many of my friends are) many of us are aware of it, but get squeamish about applying it to children, because then we’re including ourselves in the group of people that they can’t always depend on, and that hurts.
Cavalry
As mentioned above Mia is a young woman who exudes strength and competency, seeming utterly in control of herself despite her tumultuous family life and the absolute unpredictability of the gifts bestowed upon her through multiple lightning strikes. She adores her mother and brother and would do anything for them, including putting herself repeatedly at risk to ensure their safety while asking nothing in return, all the while standing tall against an onslaught of conflicting fanatical groups who wish to use her to their own questionable ends. When control slips from her grasp she neither flounders nor sits idly by tormenting herself with questions of why and what-if, instead she takes comfort in action (most of the time to her detriment), constantly seeking to spare those she loves pain by bearing the burden or taking the hit herself.
I think it was a doctors labcoat but because of the color and weight it looked more like something you would buy at APC.
The choices are endless. Thankfully we have made it simple for you to figure out which MP4 player will work best for you. Continue reading to learn more.
01 - I Believe
I am doing a Square Foot Garden as well as some containers. Neither one of us is particularly handy so we just ordered the box for the Square Foot Garden. It is not here yet though. I went ahead and started a few seeds in the garage three days ago. I sowed Genovese and Dark Opal basil, thyme, chives and Sweetie tomatoes. MUCH to my surprise, everything but the chives had sprouted this morning. SO fast. I guess the garage is pretty warm :P
1) your blog address
She shoved his hand away. "Trust you? You are in love with her, and you're right, it is revolting. How can you keep up your duties like this? You're supposed to be against the Second Realm."
Overall, the hotel is well worth a trip — it’s a great adaptation of the sort of place you’d expect to run into Frank Sinatra at the bar. (You might want to pack some hipster repellent, though.) And the Scottsdale Trader Vic’s is worth stopping by if you’re already there. But I wouldn't suggest a lengthy detour to check it out.
Harper can’t help that Nick has come blazing back into her life in all of his frustratingly appealing, gorgeous architect glory. But in Nick’s eyes, Harper’s always been the one. If they can only get it right this time, forever might be waiting—just around the bend.
In Mark 13:37 Jesus said: “What I say unto you I say unto all, Watch.”
"What this paper shows is that it certainly can. That is an important public health message, we have to take H5N1 seriously. It doesn't mean it will become a pandemic, but it can," said Peiris, who wrote a commentary accompanying Kawaoka's paper in Nature. _Fox News
Look unto me in every thought; doubt not, fear not. Behold the wounds which pierced my side, and also the prints of the nails in my hands and feet; be faithful, keep my commandments, and ye shall inherit the kingdom of heaven. Amen. (D&C 6:36-37)
42) Senator Obama Criticized President Bush’s Abusive Use of the Patriot Act; and then used the same Patriot Act to get Osama Bin Laden; That’s OK because abusing a Law is different than using the Law correctly.
I have no burning issue or cause which I feel strongly about and act as a champion for. I enjoy helping others achieve their goals and targets, but have none which can truly be attributed solely to me; working as the oil in the engine, my role is often to make all of the other parts of the engine work more smoothly. Perhaps this is a sign that as a generalist I am at the height of my arc, and without the ability to now specialise it’s time to settle. And it doesn’t get easier to spot opportunity either.
Onto a slightly different note: A few months ago, I told you I was working on a 'special creation'. Well it turns out that it might be ready a little earlier than expected. I have been informed by my doctor that the timer could go off at any moment! I am tired, anxious, excited, curious but more importantly; I am ready. It has been almost nine months after all! ; )
Again, this still uses the striped curtains as a large scale art treatment behind the headboards, but here I would use a round orange mirror over the white bookshelf. (I have a round mirror I will paint orange. Seriously, you have no idea the amount of decor stuff I have in the garage.) This is a little less rectangle-rectangle-rectangle along the wall.
During the frenetic and crazy matches, you’ll be collecting things called “Action Points” which build a meter and allow you to unleash special attacks. Depending on how many you’ve collected, you’ll unlock an even more powerful attack. Think of it like unleashing a special attack from a Marvel Vs game.
"What are you guys up to?" - Random Bishop in Walmart
1 cup (3 ½ oz/100 g) coarsely chopped pecans or walnuts
Comforts souls true and lowly.
3. Once the original is finished, make color copies of it so you'll have multiples for all your kids or future trips.
WIE: In your book you even go so far as to suggest that the cosmos was created for our sake.
Congratulations, you have reached the end of the program. You can now flirt with a woman. Good luck flirting with a woman…on your adult romance and romantic adventures.
That's not to say we haven't had a few bumps here and there. The other day I asked her to call someone and she just ignored me.
It doesn’t appear that any of the senatorial votes that were swung over to support the bill (Republicans James S. Alesi, from suburban Rochester, Stephen M. Saland, from Poughkeepsie, Mark J. Grisanti, from Buffalo and Democrats Carl Kruger, Brooklyn, Shirley L. Huntley, of Queens, and Joseph P. Addabbo Jr., Queens) were themselves supporters of hydrofracking. But, the Time article describes how lack of active opposition by Senate majority leader Dean G. Skelos was essential to peeling off the needed Republican senators and avoiding the vote being blocked entirely, something Skelos could easily have done:
- Gapless playback and crossfade
My family toured Fort Clatsop right at the time we were studying it at home, which made the whole experience eight bazillion times more exciting. Well, for me, at least. And for you, you know! You get the official tour via pictures. You're welcome.
An x-ray must be obtained immediately to be sure that the battery has gone through the esophagus into the stomach. Do not wait for symptoms to develop before getting an x-ray. If the battery remains in the esophagus, it must be removed IMMEDIATELY. CAUTION: Batteries lodged in the esophagus can cause severe burns in JUST 2 HOURS!! Battery removal is done with an endoscope; surgery is rarely, if ever, indicated. Do NOT give ipecac.
It's 4:45 now and pitch black outside. I am counting the days til the 22nd, when the darkness trend reverses and the days grow 2-3 minutes longer each day. Just think...in ten days that's an extra half hour of light!
TLD: What's with the name, Dirty Paper Cup?
“Don’t be so concerned,” he says. “I’m just following the example you set, you know? Even if we’re just ordinary people without your precious powers, we can always put on a new mask and help fight crime, can’t we?”
So while a weekly paycheck wouldn't be all bad, it's days like this that make the hours of practicing, the tears, the money spent, and the endless drives to and from lessons worth it for me as a parent. It's a lot of work, expense, frustration, and time for everyone involved, but seeing their smiles of satisfaction and joy at accomplishing something so worthwhile reimburses me tenfold.
Third, we do good so that God might be praised by the works we display in his name. “By this my Father is gloried,” Jesus said, “that you bear much fruit and so prove to be my disciples” (John 15:8).
under the moon’s bliss
Then one day late in December, an idea popped in my head--why not make a loose variation to highlight what I love about the Japanese cocktail and downplay the sweetness? So, with a cabinet full of amari, I decided to use bitterness to allay the sweetness. But one amaro after another yielded less than spectacular results. Fernet was too bracing, averna too delicate, and the amer picon was too unbalanced and frankly brought too much orange. But when I tried the Santa Maria with a scant bit of rye, it all came together. As I learned from my adventures with aquavit, sometimes investing in the foundation helps bring a new drink together.
I plan on making several more 10 card sets in different colors and layouts over the course of this week.
Thinking it was a fluke, I went to the ultrasound for my second pregnancy awaiting the announcement of a boy.
It was easier when Jesus was speaking or healing people. Then he genuinely was the centre of attention. The disciples knew where to stand, what to do, responding as best they could to any enquiries, but often they were more or less ignored. That was fine. Now there was a growing apprehension in the scattered crowd as they went about their business, something was building, no one knew what. The disciples felt probably they should know, at least everyone else expected them to know, but when ever did they? Jesus was unpredictabe, that was all you could predict.
the themed restaurant we went to was called "JAIL".. complete with holding cells to eat in...waiters and servers dressed as cops/robbers/prisoners...props like an old police jeep/van...handcuffs...posters of famous/infamous bollywood villains...etc etc lying around...
I can't remember all the songs we incorporated into the musical or even anything about the plot. I know we had terrific sound effects, lots of thunder and the light being clicked off and on for lightning. What I do remember is the ending which more or less was that the whole reason they had so much trouble was that it was always dark, and the finale song was "Let the Sunshine In."
The birth, itself, was amazing—as all births are. Mama was standing when she delivered, and that baby dropped right out onto the concrete floor of the elephant’s stall. The keepers were quick to pull the baby to the side and Mama did, indeed, look worrisome to me. She was clearly agitated/excited, straining to get to her infant but the keepers were concerned about this little 250 pounder being crushed accidentally. They worked hard to clean the baby and get him to his feet steadily so that he could be released into his mother’s care after Mama had settled down somewhat. All went well, and baby was standing and suckling within twenty minutes, Mama clearly enjoying her little one.
Given, her hair did look cute. But judging by the expression on her face she didn't know the customer well enough for the compliment to matter. She looked mainly weirded out by it. I picked up on this and decided that the woman in front of me was not the type I want to be around. I was justified in this by the comment she made immediately afterwards. On her cell phone. Which she was on. The. Entire. Time. She. Was. In. The. Gas. Station. The. Entire. Time.
So here’s my proposal: Everyone who speaks before an elected body, in any capacity, has to be put under oath that he or she will tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, on pain of five years in prison for perjury. And then start locking some liars up.
The Moderns
More importantly, Corona would use a lot less power, helping the world’s supercomputers break the vaunted exascale barrier — i.e., deliver a machine that can handle one quintillion (10 to the 18th) floating point operations a second. That’s 100 times faster than today’s fastest supercomputer. “Electronics … cannot scale to the scale that we need for these large systems,” says HP Labs researcher Marco Fiorentino.
Annie – Ronnie Lane
Here, the Korean should take a quick detour and remind everyone about his own peculiar stance with food, especially Korean food. Simply put, I am an irrational Korean food purist. I have been called "Korean food Wahhabbist." I despise any and all efforts to steer Korean food away from the way it is supposed to be. (And "the way it is supposed to be" is defined as the way it is made in the place of the dish's origin, i.e. a particular region in Korea. And yes, that means I despise much of Korean food in Korea also.) When I comes to Korean food, I am a deranged lunatic. When it comes to Korean food, I am more unreasonable than an obnoxious sports dad attending his child's little league baseball game. I will utterly disregard the reasonable preference of everyone else. I will lose my shit and wantonly issue death threats to anyone who gives a bad Korean food recipe. So take this post as what you will.
Last month, the Man-of-My-Dreams and I took the kids into town to get them sno-cones.
Cook's Note: I used Namaste's Gluten Free Blondie Mix.
Thanks pete for a great night. Was also really nice to meet andi who I forgot I met before. Is good to see you happy. Ultimately it’s been fun to be around people who make me laugh and who are interesting. Happy 30th.
To easily form patties, use a small square of saran wrap of wax paper inside a small shallow bowl, put in mix, fold over wrap and press firmly until your cake forms, remove and plop in pan!
So I looked on craigslist, at my local stores, EVERYWHERE, and couldn't find any pallets. Seriously? How hard can it be to find something that most people just throw away?! Hard...but I think only when you really want it.
The best thing about this book is Graham's clear method of study. Each chapter follows the same outline:
MARISOL: So what are you right now?
The high reputation of the liquor for its keeping quality has now been long established, and in this respect it cannot be surpassed, as will be seen from the annexed certificates.
‘I’ll find him for three, but I’ll catch him, and kill him, for ten.’
John 6:35 I am the bread of life;
Stat-wise, Munchlax is pretty unique. It’s slow; it has the lowest Speed stat, tied with Shuckle. But it has high HP and good Attack and Sp Def, especially considering it’s a baby Pokemon. In fact, Munchlax has the highest base stat total of all baby Pokemon.
as well as being dynamically adjustable
After a long pause, the door opened. A small woman in her 90’s stood before me. She was wearing a print dress and a pillbox hat with a veil pinned on it, like somebody out of a 1940’s movie.
NAB 2012 booth #SU3012
She sobs, "I don't know what to say. I don't know what kind of evidence you need. I love you, darling, that's all I can say. Why is what I tell you not enough for you? All I can do is tell you that I love you and try and show you how much I love you. I'd do anything for you. I'd die for you if I had to! You have to take it on faith."
What drained you and depleted you? What was life-giving and energizing for you?
Today a serviceman came to inspect our house, and my husband accompanied him around the outside of our house. I stayed indoors to do some simple errands.
The most direct chokehold possible is physical. China's rulers, faced with vast territory and population, turned to the water empire. The modern West is quickly rediscovering a more sophisticated form of hydraulic despotism, cloaked in talk of saving the planet and providing for everyone's needs.
I’ve heard ‘em play down in the garage. Make me feel good, their songs. Like they wanna be somewhere else or somebody else or something. I think I understand.
I went camping with SuperSmart SuperHot Girlfriend and another couple last summer and volunteered to do the dishes after one of our sumptuous campfire meat annihilations. The other three were far more Foodie than me, so it only made sense for me to be Dishie.
As the girl headed out onto the pavement, her legs felt heavier, and her chest tightened. Her mother was waiting by the car.
On Sunday night, Chef Daddy and the punks threw a little surprise party for me. I had been at a digital scrapbooking class during the day and when I walked in the door, I heard a big, "Surprise!" I couldn’t believe my eyes! Chef Daddy and the punks did an amazing job – they decorated the house with "40" decorations and everything matched perfectly – the table cloth, the plates, the napkins, the balloons, etc. They also prepared my favorite Mexican food and there was a cupcake stand full of yummy cupcakes with cute candles! My Mom and Tom were even in on the surprise and my BFF, Keri, and her punks stopped by too! It was the perfect way to wrap up my birthday weekend!
We could have only one guest on February 2nd and it's Michelle Lovric, talking about her new novel Talina in the Tower (Orion). There's also a competition to win a copy. Don't miss it!
Yes, you guessed it. He wants the EDL to be banned outright. After all, many extremist groups in the past have been banned otherwise there would be little point in the state classifying them as ‘extremist’ in the first place.
I just want to be Woody Allen. His films are so smart, and they’re filled with smart people who have lots of books in their apartments and who talk about culture and are great. If I can’t be Woody Allen, I want to be a character in one of his films.
So, I am going to write what comes to mind and take part of the world as little as possible. What the heck will I fill my time with?! Well I have about 100 unfinished projects that have been waiting for my undivided attention – maybe I’ll get something done for a change! Something that exists even after I turn the lights off at the end of the day. Last week-end I turned off the tv and looked at my pile of ironing I have been collecting. It took me almost 3 hours but I enjoyed every moment of it. A couple of shirts were ironed by my son and a skirt by my daughter. They were curious as to what mom was doing so quietly and content in the kitchen. The ironing is done but painting and building, hanging and organizing of closets awaits me. Not exactly a deserted island, but something like that.
when you do not have confident on yourself…
Now, I've read up on more of these stories than I actually care to admit, but some of these certainly are deserving of a re-hash, don't you think? I think so. It’s my patriotic duty, I think.
Remove the skin from the watermelon and cut the flesh into small cubes. Pick out as many seeds as you can be bothered by—or just buy a seedless watermelon.
Yes, Wendy, my facebook and fellow teacher friend, this means you. I read your facebook status about buying your daughter a hamster if she keeps her room clean for a month, when you know darn well she won’t keep it clean for 24 hours. Nice try. My new law would force you to buy a hamster sometime soon.
Good luck doesn't die
Furthermore, Joan did place that article and other identifying pieces on her FF website as well as hateful statements about us, BEFORE we had knowledge that the book was ACTUALLY published. Ruth has place a time-line of our internet activity on her blog to show that we did not identify ourselves, as in the book, before Joan did…It’s all on our blogs so Joan you really NEED to see ALL EVIDENCE that supports the birth siblings’ positions, because unlike you we do everything OUT IN THE OPEN
AU: In our case the informal economy is loose milk but unlike some of the other sectors, I am totally opposed to doing anything against the informal economy. Obviously the gawala doesn’t pay income and excise tax which a lot of people complain about but the purpose of business is to be able to generate a profit for yourself while meeting the needs of the society you are serving. You cannot de-link the two and you cannot say that just because it is good for Engro’s profit, all loose and non-pasteurised milk should be banned. Half the population of this city will not be able to afford milk if that happens.
1 ceremony
This week during our social pragmatic inclusion time we continued our focus of cooperative learning. This week we practiced cooperative learning through large group team building exercises.
How well so far are you fairing?
The scientific theory of evolution is under attack – and not just in the United States alone – but on a global scale.
Footnote: I will be away from May 1st through May 8th. Leave a comment if you wish to, just remember it'll have to wait till then to be published if left between those dates. I do covet your comments.
There is that moment in a girl's life when she makes the dutch oven purchase.
3. I have a fondness for dessert wines – False – Very false. I am no stranger to spirits of all sorts, but I’d prefer a strong, hoppy India Pale Ale, any number of tequila’s, boutique bourbons, or single malt scotch over some nasty, sweet dessert wine. You can save that swill for someone who eats dessert. This one should’ve been easy, as I have never been seen wearing an ascot – ergo – no dessert wines for me.
Lesson learned, if you are going to sit at a soccer game (even if your kid is not playing) you should probably pay attention. I put the book down.
“The Great Leader felt he looked too stern in the first statue,” the guide explains “He wanted to smile at his people.”
Yes, you read that correctly. Terri List, a teacher in Michigan, is upset that with the new law in place she can't retire at the age of 47 with full health benefits. She is so upset that is ready to advise her students not to become a teacher in the state of Michigan. You see they have to start putting in 5% of their annual income (her current salary range is between $70-80K per year). She is being asked to contribute approx. $3750 per year over her career so that she will get full health benefits for life. Something that very few people receive anymore. Only the chosen few.
‘I’m worried…’
United Nations: US Should Return Stolen Land to Indian Tribes
Anyway, so how has everyone been in my about half year absence from this world of blogging? If there are any of you out there left that is.
In the end, the first third were in the majority and the last third under-represented.(Possibly because Lucy Coats and Anne Rooney couldn't get a ticket and Candy Gourlay was at the launch for Jonathan Mayhew's Mortlock.)
“Do you want me to stop this car?”
I absolutely loved Kyla's character. Reading through her perspective is so imaginative- it truly felt like you were learning about the new world right along with her. Facts about this future government as well as Kyla's mysterious past sprung up throughout the story, bringing about new realization for both the reader and Kyla. I definitely appreciated Kyla's curiosity. She wasn't as accepting of this new life as most slated and wasn't afraid to question the practice.
Did you have a trouble waking up this morning? Maybe because someone’s planning to put toothpaste on your face or maybe because mom is about to give you sweet apples (big onions covered with chocolate) HMMMM. isnt that yummy? Well, remember- DON’T GET FOOLED TODAY.
The keyboard sounds distinctive to Merry-Go-Rounds was created as we prepared for the first album. In the early stages of the band, we all liked acoustic folk rock/chamber pop like Belle & Sebastian or Tindersticks and also indie rock like The Rentals or Quasi. Our favorite was also BMX Bandits and Teenage Fanclub, the ones founded on C-86. So before recording our album, numerous styles were all mingled together. I played both electric and acoustic guitar, and the keyboard used various timbres of synthesizer like Electric Piano, Rhoads Piano and Organ. But as we’ve decided on making an album, we started studying the styles of music focused more on the "roots" of the music so as not to produce just common modern rock. And Sung Moon Lee from Cavare Sound suggested making music centered on the unique keyboard sounds. Sanbi purchased the effector from Moog, and fell in love with the psychedelic sounds from the keyboard, somewhat reminiscent of The Doors. So we all agreed on the direction towards the acoustic band with special emphasis on distinguishing keyboard sounds.
Where Thirty-seven ran,
Email me your mailing address ( use sidebar link ) and your wings will be on their way!
So here is the result!
Pay for these positions starts at $9.88 an hour and rises to $12.90 after three years. Health insurance is available with 20 hours of work per week.
I've also found out a flea market that has some typewriters. It's only once a month but that's better than none. I'm soon hopping to have news on this matter.
(If you haven't read Marlena de Blasi's
I carried on reading, unwilling to carry on the discussion about the flipping banana.
Now, more confused than ever, I consulted Precious Oldest. She surveyed the choices, looked me square in the eye and said, “Mom, why are you over thinking this? You want yellow walls; you’ve always wanted yellow walls. And I’ve never known to care what anyone else thinks about ANYTHING, why would you start now?”
I could say that the Fall colors appeal to me more than the simple greens of Spring or Summer.
We got the phones, and get much better coverage than before. Even if that changes, T-Mobile offers free Wi-Fi calling, which means we can make clear calls over our internet connection.
The ‘dates’ are out
For my lights, I just prop them up on blocks of scrap wood, but underneath, where I keep my cooler crops, I suspend the light by chains from the leg mechanism. I need to work on a "proper" light stand, but this is something that can be done frugally without much effort.
1 pinch crushed red pepper flakes
Hard to believe that something this trite, pat and half-hearted came from two writers who individually wrote scripts for such flicks as The Men, In The Heat Of The Night, Cyrano de Bergerac, Charly, A Hatful Of Rain, The Liberation Of L.B. Jones and High Noon.... Then again, these men also wrote scripts on their own for Bowery Blitzkrieg, Over The Top, Spooks Run Wild and The Killer Elite, so maybe a movie like this is just another example of typing the wrong words at the wrong time.
the car park behind me I heard a screech of tyres and imagined it was the dulcet smile-android being spirited away by his Illuminati handlers. It seems his pubescent, foamy-gashed fans had kenned this fact also, and sensed his leaving the vicinity, for they swamped the escalators (the down one AND the up one) forcing me to leap into the gutter in the middle and slide back down to the bottom like Al Pacino at the end of Carlito's Way. The harried me and knocked me as they stampeded after the limo and as they went I watched for the legal-looking ones and give them all a good groping as they whizzed by.
Jerry Bouthier (UK)
even if they are naive,
THE AVENGERS TV Spot Balance The Avengers (titled Avengers Assemble in some countries) is a 2012 American superhero film produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures, based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name. It is the sixth installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film was written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast, which includes Robert Downey, Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Tom Hiddleston, and Samuel L. Jackson. In The Avengers, Nick Fury, director of the peacekeeping organization S.H.I.E.L.D., recruits Iron Man, the Hulk, Thor, and Captain America to save the world from destruction.
Elevation: 32 ft
"I need some information. Can you help me get it?"
Jade is an umbrella term which can apply to either jadeite or nephrite (also known as Xinjiang Hotan Jade) - it was not until the last two hundred years that it was even realised that they were different minerals. Jadeite is generally more valuable as it is rarer and it can be polished to a finer shine, the colour of jadeite also tends to be less opaque. Jadeite is mainly found in Burma and only really began to be used in China in the last five or six hundred years. Historically one of the most prized colours is 'mutton fat' jade or white jade - which remains popular in China to this day, whereas in the West it is the emerald greens which often attract the highest prices. It is unusual to find a piece of jade that is uniformly one colour and they almost invariably contain blemishes and veins.
1. Sylvia Beams
"The qualities which Christ manifested in His life were a sense of freedom, balance, courage, initiative, simplicity. These qualities were displayed in a man unique in the history of human affairs.Realistic Christianity is not possible unless the dangerous myth of "Judæo-Christianity" is rejected. Writing in "The Big Idea," (C.H.) Douglas said: 'It is necessary to face up to the fact of institutionalised Judæo-Christianity… which is simply Liberal Judaism. I repeat my belief, not only that Christianity has not failed because it has not been tried, but that it has not been tried mainly because Judæo-Christianity has taken care that it should not be tried.'…The Christian concept of unity through diversity is reflected in the Doctrine of the Trinity…(neither confounding the Persons nor dividing the Substance). Christ's revelation paved the way to free the individual from the domination of the group or the system… (and) Douglas stressed that a genuinely Christian society is one in which power is effectively in the hands of the individual members of that society, who are then in a position to make free choices, accepting of course, personal responsibility for the choices made."
Hayley x
Actual physical activities have been thrown out the window in this time of technological advancement. Most jobs revolve around computers, as such even play and leisure has been claimed by the world of game consoles and portable devices. But if you want to experience rapid fat loss, you should start getting your bum out of the chair and get moving. You can do some sports that require a total body workout. If you have a sport you have played before, perhaps it is high time to return to the field. Or you can pick up a new sport. There are a lot of sports to choose from: swimming, bicycling, hiking, even badminton. Or you can dance. Dancing is also an effective way to move your body and lose fat while having fun. There are also simpler activities that can help in losing extra weight. Simple everyday things such as taking the stairs, or walking to the corner store (or school or work, if they happen to be just a few blocks away from your home) would certainly help.
Agitprop and Dramatised Ideology
Cuddle time, good night :)
John was happy to let Jesus take the limelight, the place he deserved and more. He knew, as shown by his testimony, the Jesus was and is the Son of the Living God.
I personally feel that we do our kids a disservice if we teach them that their wants are the only ones that matter. I remember you posting a couple of weeks ago about how strongly you feel about hypocrisy. I feel the same sort of disdain for self-serving behavior.
Yo ho Fans,
"Really?" he said.
Tracy: "No. I'm not."
And, so, Nouwen helps me change my approach. Jesus’ approach is not the usual human approach. God’s approach is not the typical human approach. ”God’s ways are not our ways” and neither are “His thoughts. our thoughts.”
How much data? According to WordPress, its system powers over 68 million blogs worldwide, with 500,000 new posts and 400,000 new comments generated on an average day. Facebook reported it has more than 800 million active users, who upload more than 250 million photos daily. YouTube stated that 100 million people “like,” share or comment on something on the site every week. Twitter’s chief executive officer revealed that the social network had over 100 million active users worldwide, and the company said it was processing 250 million Tweets a day.
Your favorite part of bottle-feeding? Ability for others to feed her, including dad and grandparents.
* expanded physical pathname. The default is the
for the faith of dark love than
and then like the rush of a thousand wings
They were gone.
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi Threatens a Boycott on Switzerland if “We Despair of Other Measures”
Ayahuasca remains the best artifact of this idea. At this point Pelt had
Hello blogger friends!
“I love you too Christian.” Addison could feel the effect of Christian’s blood inside her, every part of her body numb from the overload of pleasure as she closed her eyes. “More than anything.”
When I got home this afternoon, following a few humid hours on the torch that left my cheeks bright pink, I made myself lunch. I knew that a beautiful dish would make lunch worlds more satisfying. I had rosemary olive oil bread with a dollop of fresh ricotta drizzled with honey and cracked black pepper. On the side was a sweet yellow tomato that had a splash of olive oil and vinegar dressing. Now, I am quite convinced every meal needs to be served on a pretty plate.
I was equally pulled forward to the end and repelled by it. Pulled towards something that I hope will stretch me as a writer, but repelled by what I would have to dig into to write it. Did I nail it? Hell no. But I hope to during the many edits and rewrites that face me as I continue on my journey towards my ultimate goal, a book spine with my name on it.
ANIMAL REFUGE FOR KATRINA’S VICTIMS
-Another "witty" status shuffle post? Yawn.
So, instead of the PM answering her own questions, the Parliamentary Buffoon was deployed once again to answer on her majesty’s behalf. So, let me get the trajectory on this straight….the State visit to India wasn’t paid for by the Indian government as our Government stated (lie 1); the PM did not pay for her sister’s travel expenses out of her own pocket (lie 2) because the Cabinet (made up of good old principled COP members) approved the payments and our tax dollars paid for it; the PM’s sister along with most of her entourage including the relative who carries her luggage, all travelled first class at the State’s expense, not India’s. The majority of the person’s mentioned in the entourage list don’t usually travel first class, but according to Perm Sec Cooper, who beginning to resemble a tick with every defence he makes of this government’s abuse of public funds, Ms Newton’s first class travel status was also Cabinet-approved (you see why Prakash, Roger and Carolyn cyah impress me? What principles?). But then explain to me why Lisa Ghany, Barry Padarath and the baggage handler all had to be in first class? Is so many people it does take to administer medication and help the PM to the ladies room? If so, then why is someone who is obviously so ill and incapacitated in charge of running a government?
ripped
She went on to say how I should ask Jesus to make me over again but with long straight hair, but only if He could remake me as an adult, not a baby. She's so adorable.
He then asked if the harsh treatment was an attempt to stop the Press from showing people that the police were engaged in alleged brutality.
Lamp shade purchased from Trohv in Baltimore
Instead of being equipped with crayons like many two-year-olds, W would rather have a pen or pencil. He likes to try and write letters instead of coloring. He is getting really good at writing his favorite letter, "W," and also "M." He loves for us to write letters and have him identify them. He can spell "stop" and "zoo" as well. He also likes for us to draw pictures of shapes which he can easily identify, and he knows most of his colors now too.
Then last but not least is my 2nd sponsored child :) He is special to me because on the last day I was in the village, I went around and met all the families that got a tank as part of our "Water Tank" project. While meeting the family across the street, George spotted a little boy and called me over to the driver's side of the van. He told me that he had been trying to help this little boy, whose Mom & Dad had abandoned him and who was living with his grandmother. He had already been raising money to buy him clothes and would really like to get him in school. George asked if I thought I could get a sponsor for him and I told him that he was looking at her :)
Sent away before the battle, but this order he defied,
A French language autobiography appeared in 1989 titled “Chanter ma vie” (Singing my life).
5. Sleigh Ride
Here is another link that we think is a beautiful representation of adoption:
3 nice carrots chopped. (about 1 1/4c)
No worries: even though it’s snowing, it’s warm under the mother.
In my first post on this blog I looked back at what Doctor Who had meant for me as a kid. So what’s it mean to me now? What makes it stand out as must see telly?
choose, not the designer’s assumptions.
It’s not so easy a task, as any adult can attest. That’s because the family strands that link parent to child are as invisible and immeasurable as any of those in culture and history. A religion might attempt to codify these strands — as with the Talmud and Judaism, in context of “Footnote” — but the reason re ligious scholarship continues over thousands of years is that no final code is ever really achieved. There is always room for interpretation, as well as need. So it is with family, as well.
Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us. Romans 8:34 (KJV)
I don’t think the dogs have caught on yet either. People are still out there walking them, and they sniff and stop, pee and poop just like they always do. It’s only later that night that all the dogs begin to howl, to say things to each other we will never know about. Perhaps it is a warning or a call for some contingency plan in case humans are wiped out for good and there’ll be no one to get their food.
As has been her wont, Cline responded to the filing not on the substance but by making wild charges—in this instance, by insinuating that either Rattelade or Durham judge Orlando Hudson(!) have committed a breach of legal ethics by leaking material to the N&O. She offered, of course, no evidence to corroborate her claim.
Architect Frank Gehry should’ve expected it, given that Brooklynites were out in force at the last public appearance he made in New York, in November, at a session of the American Institute of Architects. But Gehry seemed perturbed yesterday when three Brooklynites peppered him with questions about the proposed Atlantic Yards project he is designing for Forest City Ratner—including a challenge regarding eminent domain--and at one point he even cut off the questioning. And, whether misinformed or evasive, Gehry suggested that building a mixed-use project to accompany the arena was driven by a desire to create a harmonious urban fabric rather than--as evidence suggests--to generate revenue.
The good thing that has come from this is that the seven of us have dinner together every night. I've always made it a priority to come together at the dinner table, but when the kids are involved in activities (even with my one activity per kid rule), we end up catching a lot of meals on the fly which can be less-than-healthy, expensive, and stressful. For the past six months, my kids and I have sat down to a meal together and it's given us the chance to connect in ways we wouldn't have otherwise. In fact, we eat outside on our screened-in porch half the time. We couldn't do that back home in Chicagoland!
He sometimes delves into cultural criticism, but always in a way that is related to the topic at hand. For instance, he divulges from a story of his Dad competing in a talent show in 1975 to a discourse on the culture of hate and humiliation associated with talent shows today.
From days of long ago.
Our regular old day seems not so simple anymore.
But see, I AM an idiot! At least when it comes to tools and fixing stuff and guy stuff. And you know what? I'm okay with that. I have no desire to learn. I like being in the kitchen and doing "girl stuff". I'm perfectly fine with letting a knight in shining armor take care of that stuff while I sit back and admire him. Hey, it's my fantasy! I can pretend such men exist.
Certainties and irregularities can't find a home in your singular point of view,
Will Simon be doing more art?
Manuel has been with me the whole term. He’s a bright goofball who amps up the “goof”. He’s the typical kid who is intelligent and tells me he wants to be serious in the class, but then turns around and says something really dumb or gives me some lame excuse. This is him the majority of the time; it’s like he wants people to not take him seriously. I tried cajoling him, encouraging him, and praising him in the beginning, but once I realized that he was basically full of it, I stopped. It disintegrated into me giving him looks that said, “Really?!” When he tried to pass the buck as to why he didn’t have his work, I questioned him about how prepared he was for class until he admitted that he wasn’t. Instead of the carrot, I held the stick. He required punishment in order to do his work. Finally I told him that if he did well in my class, I would go to his next choir performance and cheer for him. He paused, “How did you know I was in choir?” I shrugged, “I know lots of stuff.” ”You’d really go?” he asked. ”Yes, I will. But you have to get your grades up. I’m not going to cheer for a failing student.” Then I offered my class a “celebration” at the end of the term if the y brought up the pitiful class average, but in order to have it, everyone needed to participate. I stared at him.
Jenna Talackova, the Miss Universe hopeful from Canada, will appear on 20/20 with Barbara Walters tonight (details here).
There are cattle on the moor at the moment, they are there to help control the bracken which is threatening to swamp the bilberries and heather. These seem to have lost their way and were on the path down from Lenny Hill to Strawberry Lee Lane. I finally managed to herd them back up into the woods - my calm 'Cush Cush's' were interrupted at intervals by yell's of 'STAY THERE' as B Baggins showed signs of making a closer inspection of them! Happily he did as he was told and all was well. I certainly had no intention of putting him on the lead in that narrow space!
"If people are prepared to do this, to sneak out in the middle of the night and run the risk of arrest, what next? The community is feeling very vulnerable,"
Sure dreaming about the future can help, only when you focus on the Now. Your dreams won’t come true on their own, you need to take a course of action in order for your dreams to manifest. The course of action could simply be meditation, viewing your dream board each morning or posting your dream on your bathroom mirror so you see it each morning and evening. Try to make it part of your now.
On the last page is the audio slideshow and picture gallery. I actually put these together, so I’m particularly proud of them. Unfortunately, WordPress does not allow you to directly imbed slideshows, so there is a link on the page. Or you could click here. In the slideshow, Jason Russell discusses the broader impact of this research. To summarize, he explains how the process of feed efficiency keeps costs low for producers, and therefore, low for consumers, while still maintaining a healthy product.
But this time Greene has help from a powerful ally.
Now on to this week's challenge. We had so much fun with it that we're doing back-to-back "Anything Goes" for the challenge Sassy Pat is heading up this week. Here's what Pat and the Sassy Gals have created as a bit of inspiration to get us started.
And finally, Carlos Tevez. The man greeted with such open arms to sit on the bench when subbed (think Munich, think tables-turned) was indeed the man of the moment. Despite what he did this season, which in my eyes is still unforgiveable, Carlos showed what an amazing player he is, whilst confirming that this weekend well and truly was a weekend for sport – the Premier League, the FA Cup, the Grand National, the F1…and golf.
Martin said: “Apparently the fire was made worse because someone was tipping embers out of a window and they all blew back in.”
Share what you’ve written with your writing partners or share as a comment. Compliment one another on the things you like and the strength of the writing. Consider: how convincing are the arguments for or against the Sir Arthur’s quote.
7 - Bill Phillips - Put It Off Until Tomorrow - 2:34
We have an internal thermometer that when we go above our level of comfort we can’t take the heat so we find a way back down to our preset comfort level. It works the other way too, if we fall below that comfort level we find a way to get back up to it. When we achieve a greater level of success than we are used to we find it hard to handle, however if we fall below our standard then we find a way to get back to our comfort zone.
And i’m so emotional now +____+
I'm no Danielle Fong with her startup LightSail Energy at 20 years of age. Having entered university at 12 years of age.
I thought I’d be eligible for benefits by the time I got done discussing a fellow’s case with Medicare this week. Note to interested parties: It is terribly difficult to send money to a government agency.
“You must bring to the Lord as the penalty for your sin a female from the flock, either a sheep or a goat. This is a sin offering with which the priest will purify you from your sin, making you right with the Lord.” Leviticus 5:6
You have until 8PM Eastern on April 2 to complete these requirements.
He'd already sworn the oath of silence, and those who broke it didn't live to tell the tale.
This one didn't go as well as the O's opener on Friday. Weather wasn't as good, no long wkend to look forward to afterward, and the Phils lost. The Phillies Offensive sputtered once again on Monday as they only managed 2 runs which occurred late in the game as the Phils fell 6-2 to the rebranded Miami Marlins.
University of Liverpool, Monday 18 June 2012 (1pm-5pm)
Tonight at the LaunchPad space at 7:30p there will be a with the purpose of connecting people with few credit options to local bankers who can offer options.
Size 6mm hook
We did great packing clothes, but I was apparently in another world when I packed the rest of our stuff. I packed 2 kinds of syrup, but nothing with which to make pancakes. I packed ketchup and buns, but no hotdogs. I wore my good sneakers instead of my ratty ones. I forgot to bring cameras even though the girls were signed up for a digital photography course.
The craving we have inside us for communion isn’t the sort that can be filled with the voices of friends, family, TV sitcoms, or, yes, even sock puppets. We can’t self-talk our way to the communion, and we can’t find anyone else in our network to get us there, either. I think most of us have a sense that what we are really longing for is something otherworldly, but instead of being less personal than us, like some weird green alien out of the 90′s, we’re looking for a communion far more personal than any we have ever experienced.
I believe in
I’m just as guilty as everyone else, but a piece of wisdom I picked up a couple of years ago has reminded me to be a little more diligent about recognizing my cliché habits.
* thick, salty air that covers every surface with a sheen
Always take the time to look over your Facebook content or Twitter post for errors before you hit the submit button. Your work needs to be professional–it can’t be full of typos and should be written in standard English instead of “netspeak.” Twitter requires shorter posts and certain abbreviations. Make sure your content is concise but attractive.
Arthur Guinness founder of Guinness brewery was married here in 1761
It's a truism that those Latin men and women who come to live in Great Britain face barriers such as: discrimination (or invisibility), linguistic hurdles, lack of job opportunities and other social and economic impediments. At the same time, we ought to include marriage amongst the reasons why the Latin community in the UK is in the increase (almos four times in London). Above all, when the effect is positive and visible. And especially when we don't depend on the presence of the snow or the lack of it thereof. It's time to say: With this ring, GB and Latin America, I thee wed.
Step 3. Slide your knitting needle through the loop you've just made, and pull the working yarn (this is the end that comes off the ball of wool, we call it the working yarn, because it is the end used to make all the new stitches), until a stitch is formed on your needle. I refer to the other end as the tail.
My friend Diana's birthday was on Valentine's Day, and since she loves green tea I decided to make her something with matcha green tea powder. Since I've been experimenting with chiffon cakes lately (see here and here), I baked her a two-layer green tea chiffon cake.
SLEESTAKS:
From full kitchens with modern appliances, furnishings, cabinet and counter space, high-speed Internet, entertainment centers, high-speed Internet, entertainment centers, high-speed Internet, entertainment centers, video game consoles and on-site washer and dryer. You won't have to give the riviera vacation rentals may not match the riviera vacation rentals! A vacation without the whaler vacation rentals at your home for your transportation and sightseeing. You will be as simple as contacting one of Florida's staple tourist spots, yet Naples hosts a variety of smaller attractions. And some parks even offer shuttle services so that you have any spare funds available. It would be all right. But if you have rented a home in Florida, but you want a more spread out floor plan isn't as big as that of a Sultan's palace. Often visited by celebrities and sports personalities it will leave you speechless.
The wolf is not quite what he seems
Friday - Casual day at work - but missed a picture
28. Why Don't We Get Drunk? -- Jimmy Buffett
This month our sponsor is ME, Guylou. Our winner this month will win a $20 gift certificate from my online store. Please take a moment to visit my store and to see all my wonderful images.
The thing about writing, at least for today’s marketplace, is one cannot simply write his/her next novel. There is time each day on social media – Facebook, Twitter, etc. There are emails, maintaining a website and a blog, and LOTS of self promotion. There are edits and revision. An author is likely to spend 2-4 hours with these each day.
Always stay happy, always do something that makes you feel good, never let people who make you feel happy go. Whether they’re your chat friends or irl friends, it doesn’t matter as long as they make you smile.
1. When you get drunk, you have no inclination to call him, text him, ping him, email him, Facebook him, or drunkenly tell your friends how much you love him and he’s your “solemate.” This also means that you have no inclination to “check and see” what he’s doing on Facebook or Twitter, especially when you don’t have a Twitter account. Just sayin…
I picked out a coordinating patterned paper (plaid) and another solid color card stock (sage green). From the patterned paper, I cut a 1" x 5 1/2" strip. I attached this to the inside of the card, on the edge, to accent the punched border.
For our round of appetizers, we settled on something called Crawfish Stuffed Bread, some fried green tomatoes and a 1/4 rack of their dry-rub ribs. The Crawfish Bread was a hollowed out piece of crusty French Bread filled with a delicious mixture of cheese, crawfish tails and spices. It was so good, I'm thinking it would've made a fine meal all in itself. The fried green tomatoes were some of the very best I've ever had, and I'm obsessed with finding the best fried green tomatoes. You didn't even need any of the Remoulade sauce they served with it. And we were dying to try the barbecue, so we had a little taste with the dry-rub smoked ribs, which were moist and excellent. Fell right off the bone. All the appetizers were outstanding!
* Banners - still loving them even if it took me awhile to want to use them. Now I seem to have to tell myself to stop using them so they aren't on every layout.
So I also highly recommend that one try to read even some of Poe's lesser-known works, as many of them are rather entertaining, and give one much to consider in the ways of technology, the minds of men, and the logic of madness.
Are they dead, or do they live still
Your thoughts?
Eight years ago today, our homeland was attacked by fanatical Muslims inspired by Saudi Arabian bigotry. Three thousand American citizens and residents died.
In Invoking Ireland, Moriarty, who died in 2007, focuses almost entirely on Irish myths to try to illustrate his belief that there has been a schism between what we as humans instinctively are and what we have become and how we choose to live. In it he becomes a character living in a parallel Ireland called Fódhla lamenting the wrong turn that his fellow countrymen, and the rest of the Western world has taken.
Your hands never touch the pump handle. And they are thin enough for pressing any electronic buttons you need to press on the pump itself (unlike heavy winter gloves which usually must be removed for that!).
five hundred sixty-seven
about little kids who don't have food to eat for dinner.
We bring glory by telling others about him – Once we are aware of the truth God wishes us to share it with others. This is a great priveledge we have to introduce others to Jesus – helping them to discover their eternal destiny.
I’ve come to the conclusion that there are different types of applause. This is probably the part where you’re like, “Well, yeah, I knew that, thank you Captain Obvious.” But I’m serious, there are tons of different types of applause and it sucks that some people will never experience what I consider to be the best kind.
The winners will be announced shortly after the contest ends.
I think I came across this quote before the other Coco Chanel fashion statement, but I am not sure.
I think this is all that has happened lately..... I cut my hair AGAIN! I think this isn't very gyaruish but well, I'll always have my wigs. 8)
Why has Wayne never bought property in Kansas City? Surely between his salary, bonuses, and 'finders fees" he could afford something in KCMO after all we're 322 square miles. If this is such a great city and he is such a booster - why hasn't he invested his money here?
As does the memory of Hawaii and its gentle ways.
- attacked British, Dutch, and American squadrons (Battle of Java Sea)
If parents are either too lazy or too unintelligent to figure out how to put family safety software on a PC and configure it or can’t find someone else to do it for them, then they should make sure that their kids don’t use a PC unattended. Apart from having the added benefit of ensuring that kids don’t strike up online relationships with paedophiles or get involved in bullying classmates online, you’ll definitely know that they’re not accessing porn.
Joseph M. Doyle, 25, New York, N.Y.
I used to listen mainly to CDs. I never owned a proper turntable so I never get to dive into vinyl collection/addiction myself, though I respect those who keep spinning the wax in the digital 2012. Lately, most of the music I listen to is on Soundcloud. I met quite a few people I now collaborate with ; there are myriads of unknown gems available online which labels will never hear about because they are not supported by officials sponsors nor do they appeal to commercially oriented people. But this is good music, and that’s what it’s all about. I don’t care if this is THE shit to listen to or not. If I feel the music, it’s all good to me, even when only 5 people played the track. I kinda suck at knowing labels and trendy artists and the whole who’s who of the music industry. I don’t deal with industry, I’m more attracted to handcrafting. I like home-made, with its mistake and this inimitable taste it leaves on the mind. And of course, I like live music. Seeing people interpreting their music will always be a deeper experience than playing a CD or finding the track online.
P. G. Kain writes books for tweens that look absolutely adorable! The first series begins with a girl trying to get her boyfriend to dump her. I love stories that turn the expected on its head like that. The second series began this March and the sequel is already coming out in June. Yay for No More Waiting! I haven't read either series yet, but both sound fun are going on my "screen for library girls" TBR.
The sad end of Spoiler Pirate came this week during a staff meeting on the Day Hollywood Stood Still mothership. In attendance was our glorious leader; the mighty Gort' and dear Spoiler Pirate himself, along with several experts who had been drafted in to work on a reboot of the blog. These included freelance cartoonist Gavin Johnson; graphic artist Chris Johnson (no relation); producer and podcaster Lee Medcalf; writing expert and lady of mystery Ama Zing; webmaster, Sith Lord and Hufflepuff4life Matt Dillon; expert blogger and master of the occult Mr Jimothy Moon; and head of the Gort fan club Sarah Lazell.
When I bring the cup to my lips
The real inequality problem we have is caused by government. Rich people, big biz, big education, big pharma and wealthy financiers now own the US government. Having bought and paid for it, these rent-seekers are enjoying the best government money can buy, while the rest of us are subject to Big Sis Brigades wanding our crotches and confiscating our possessions.
Go natural and save a ton! I just found out that the Moroccan oil that my hair stylist wanted me to try this month has a lot of chemical ingredients rather than being pure oil.
(The earth's spin, and all forces other than the earth's gravity, are imagined to have no effect on your straight-line path.)
Some 50 rose bushes make their home in the gardens just outside Ashton House, and several are already blooming! This is the earliest I can ever remember them doing so! Here in Iowa, they don't usually bloom until early June. I spotted the first bloom on one a couple weeks ago.
a. The emanation or overflow. God is a simple, perfect, absolute existence. He is One, and in Him there is no plurality or diversity. Furthermore He transcends all being and knowledge. His transcendence precludes any positive statement we may make concerning Him. If we attempt to say anything about Him by way of definition, we simply limit Him. Hence we can only say what He is not. We cannot even say that He thinks or feels or wills. Therefore we must be content with negative statements. So far as human knowledge, whether theological or philosophical, is concerned, Plotinus insisted very strongly upon God’s unapproachableness and His differentiation from the world.
I know there are still 6 days left but looking at my diary there doesn't seem to be many blogging gaps left! The trouble when you are finally able to get out into the big wide world after almost 4 months is - you want to do it lots and fill the final week before Christmas up!! As well as the boring essentials - Doctors, opticians and physio theres the exciting things too. Off out tonight with my 2 best friends from school - one I've kept in contact with ever since and one I only got back in contact with this year (the miracle of Facebook). They've not seen each other for over 20 years now. We're off to the pub for drinks and catching up - can't wait :)
Rais Yatim’s makes one thing clear: he knows bollocks about journalism and editing. The only question then remaining is whether the information minister understands what integrity of information means. If so, should we regard his academic credentials, his doctoral dissertation, as just another load of bollocks?
I told the parent organization that I would be willing to facilitate such a group. She suggested that I get a few other people involved so that it wasn’t just up to me to organize and manage the group and that we start thinking about a name for the support group and perhaps search out funding for the group. She offered to connect me with another parent who has started a successful support group as a mentor and that she would assist in any way possible, including mailings, helping us secure a location to hold the meetings, child care from a local college and refreshments.
And I know I have unresolved emotions when it comes to all of these issues. My family in particular did not handle the Martin episode very well. My mother especially, nor my oldest sister. I have fears about confronting them, I have fears about seeing them, I have fears that although I’ve forever tried to “fit in” with my family, I never will.
18.Martin & Hobbs / Havana River Guide
"California is odds-on favorite to kick off Civil War II," Chittum said.
However, the optimal situation would be to prevent children from being trafficked and violated in the first place. That requires that we as a society challenge the prevailing attitudes of men that females of any age and even boys are nothing more than objects for male sexual pleasure.
Are there plenty of plot twists and surprises? It's surprising how much a small book took me by surprise. Never just a book on the number of pages!
By postmodernists /
AAM: You are welcome. It is my joy. Go in peace. Farewell.
Congrats! Don't forget to grab your badges from the sidebar as well.
The key to blessing; the key to grace
So then she gets woken up by a call from the goth chick, whose name is Teresa, and who wants to come over and talk now. Joey tells Teresa her entire backstory about how her dad died in the war, or something, because I guess telling random strangers intimate details about her past seems like the logical thing to do. The weird thing about this scene is that even though Teresa wanted to come over and talk about the stuff Joey wanted to know about, she still gets mad and starts screaming about how she doesn’t want to talk about that stuff. So why did she come over at all then? Because she’s a terribly written character.
So here is your list. These are the basics to cover to help make your house a happy home.
This sash is skinnier by default because I seriously used every scrap of that fabric
Where: (512) Brewing Co., 407 Radam, F200
Good night all, happy tatting tomorrow
You know that I've got to try these!!! How 'bout you?
I would not be able have sex and separate without suffering permanent emotional damage. In other areas of my life I make lifelong commitments, e.g. – to my pet bird (he’s 20, average lifespan is 15-18), my roadster (mint condition after 10 years), to my friends, (some friendships lasting over a decade), etc. I subscribe to the velcro theory of sexuality – the more you attach and separate, the less well you can attach. I simply do not believe that men who do intimate physical things with women can be as vulnerable and susceptible as when they remain chaste. Casual sex kills the man’s ability to love. If you want to be a knight, you have to be capable of chivalry and romance. If a man has casual sex with enough women, he will likely develop a low opinion of of the trustworthiness, wife-capability and mother-capability of women. He becomes cynical and predatorial.
Dan Allen has no shortage of suitors when he cuts in from the left with a little over five minutes remaining. Quite what he's doing outside Comrades' penalty area from his position in the back three is anyone's guess. He then evades the best efforts of two defenders; and, against the general consensus of his team mates, strikes a twenty-five yard right-footed strike that Comrade's goalkeeper doesn't see until it is in his net. Later, over two huge dinner plate of barbecue chicken wings at the West-End Brewery, there would be some debate on whether the 'keeper should have done better in stopping Dan's shot go in. On reflection, it was the speed in which he decided to shoot and the pace on the ball itself that probably beat the goalkeeper, who'd already demonstrated he wasn't clueless by somehow denying Chris Pye what looked certain to be a headed equaliser. Debates and discussions are the last thing on Dan's mind. He runs off, chased by the entire team, including either Mark Reeves or Sam Hewitt, who have abandoned their post as linesman to enjoy this moment.
Having said all this, I wouldn’t want to push the similarities between the two films’ characters too far. There are also important differences. Elsie in The Prince and the Showgirl is less ambitious and rather more likeable than her 1950s male counterpart, partly because of Terence Rattigan’s great script, adapted from his own play The Sleeping Prince, and partly because Monroe herself gives the character so much warmth. You never feel that Elsie is on the make, trying to work out whether the Prince could help her career – whereas I do think there is this feeling occasionally in My Week with Marilyn. Colin had appeared to be falling in love with costume assistant Liz (Emma Watson), but he quickly drops her when it becomes apparent that Marilyn Monroe might be interested. Liz herself suggests to him that he sees a possibility of trading up, and he doesn’t deny this. I suppose another way of seeing this is that Elsie is really falling in love with her Prince, even if their hoped-for reunion in 18 months’ time seems likely to be just a dream – but Colin’s flirtation with Marilyn will just be one week out of his life, something for him to remember, and trade on, later. Redmayne is excellent at making Colin genuine and kind, but at times showing a hint of calculation below the charm.
digital instruments, waiting
All we need is your best my love, that’s all anyone ever wanted.
As a Japanese person, not to brag, but I am picky about my raw fish. I rate this place well and write about it because they serve descent fish, and it’s fun to go there with friends. It’s made fresh, service is not bad, and they want you to eat good food.
Then I read Soul Hunter, the first book in what would become the Night Lords Trilogy. Written by Aaron Dembski-Bowden (quite a name...) it appealed to me on the simplest of geeky levels... I freakin' love the Night Lords! Of all the chaos legions, I thought they looked cool and had an awesome backstory.
* Removal of the rural commando
I’m excited for the next chapter – I know that a path will form and whatever road I may take, it’s going to be an adventure, a challenge and another great story!
Tessa Ransford
We like an idea we got from Pinterest…make mini meat loaves to serve as individual servings which is great for portion control. They are easy to store in the freezer and pull out and reheat and serve. There are two ways to try. The first is to press the meatloaf mixture into a muffin pan. Bake time is reduced to 25 minutes but be sure the internal temp is 160° F. The other method is to use a larger pan then divide your raw mixture in a grid separating into mini meat loaf portions. Bake time is also reduced for this method. Just search Mini Meat Loaves on Pinterest for plenty of ideas!
into fog over the lake.
(1) Home schooling is best, because parents can teach Creationism over that stupid, godless Darwinism.
Okay, that title covers a few of the things going on in the Boyd household in the last week. Just a little recap:
Scarf: Macy's (it has shoes on it, hehe!!)
3. Wiretree-Make Up (Cobalt Works)
I never imagined that I would consider divorce. Not just because of what the church has to say about it, but because I come from divorce. In a way, divorce made me, and I stood firmly in this place that what happened to my parents would never, ever happen to me.
For those of you unfamiliar with stollen, it is a bread-cake hybrid usually enjoyed during the Christmas season in Germany. Chock full of dried fruit, some versions also have an alluring marzipan center--you'll have no trouble guessing that's my favorite part.
This covers literary and popular fiction, so you can't really go wrong with this one. From Sophie Kinsella to Haruki Murakami, Wilbur Smith to Isabel Allende, Jenny Colgan to Kate Mosse, you should be able to find something to fit your tastes!
How much do you remember about the Range of Motion exercises? Which residents need which exercises? Check the care plan and if that is not available check with your nurse in charge. He or she will instruct you on what exercises are needed.
religion that is foreign to them. Every day they are within a non-
Roy: I want to learn everything.
Title: Hey Kids, Want Some Chocolates?
Spring, at my house on Beaver Island, is a busy time.
Caller: I’m his second wife. We’ve been married three and a half years.
Actually, I think it originated in pubs which catered for commercial travellers, who were renowned for their dirty stories and coarse sense of humour. Those of you who saw the T.V series Pennies from Heaven may remember scenes where the salesman Arthur and his friends met in the gentleman's buffet to swap jokes etc.
If you couldn't get facebook stock in the IPO, would you buy it in the aftermarket?
Touch: sting of mosquitoes, sweat trickling down your face, clothes that stick to you, sunburn, too-hot asphalt, breezes that are warm and cloying, the shock of cold as you jump into a pool, the heat of the sun beating down on you, hot air rushing in as you open the door
But even the invention of a finely-crafted $500 million note – made from material worth an extravagant eight US dollars – looks like doing little.
On Saturday, April 21, Emerging Arts Leaders/Los Angeles (EAL/LA) will host a day-long Creative Conversation conference, entitled “Lessons from Social Entrepreneurs: How to Add Value to Your Organization and Career” at the Plaza de la Raza (3540 N Mission Rd, Los Angeles, 90031). The day’s events will start at 10:15am and conclude at 3:30pm. Tickets are $20; catered lunch from Panera Bread is included in the ticket price. Lunchtime will also feature a performance by the 3rd nationally ranked youth mariachi ensemble. Follow this link to reserve your ticket: http://ealla.kintera.org/ecommerce
See what I mean? Not one big issue, a lot of little stuff just adding up. I tried being very accommodating last night. Didn't push too hard to get homework and chores done. Jeff will be home tonight and that will be one less thing to deal with!
Dedication: see Item B-8, above.
I’ve just mailed a card to Elton John, congratulating him on becoming a father at the age of 62. I won’t be sending one to the surrogate mother who bore the child – the fee she received for her trouble should be sufficient reward. One assumes, of course, that Elton is the natural father of baby Zachary. As we say in the jungle, he who rents the beehive supplies the honey. This entirely plausible supposition didn’t stop the manager of the safari camp from propounding his own silly theory about the baby’s conception.
Often the choice we make during the
Other News:
However, Macrossan’s appeal was unsuccessful. The contribution (step 2) was an interactive system which will do the job which otherwise would have been done by a solicitor or company formation agent. Questions are asked, the answers incorporated in the draft, and depending on some particular answers, further questions are asked and the answers incorporated.
I hate getting to bed early so I can drag my butt out of bed to get Missy Moo ready so we can leave the house by 6:40am. It's exhausting just typing that sentence! Don't they know it's winter! It's bloody cold here! We're nearly at single digit temperatures in the morning.
This is the style she started with.
In the end, maybe the USAAF was right. It's good he didn't fly, that he didn't end up as feathers in the ocean. He lived a relatively long, happy life, married 50 years to my grandmother. He helped raise me in a wonderful small town in Ohio. In 1998, he got to meet my daughter, his great-granddaughter - who is named after his wife, Laura.
621310 Offices of chiropractors
Here’s is the daughter (mind you, fair skinned and redheaded, which means burns VERY easily) with her Crispy Critter mama.
State Senator Bill Perkins has asked the Attorney General to issue an opinion with respect to whether the issuance of the Atlantic Yards arena bonds was legal. (See: Wednesday, December 23, 2009, Perkins to Cuomo: issue an opinion as to whether AY bond process was legal.) Perkins had already sent to Cuomo (and also State Comptroller DiNapoli) a copy of an earlier letter to the Governor raising Atlantic Yards legal issues. (See: Saturday, December 19, 2009, Hail Mary or silver bullet: Perkins, raising questions of fraud in arena bond sale, asks Paterson to put Atlantic Yards on hold.) Develop Don’t Destroy Brooklyn has asked that the Attorney General Cuomo (and State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli) investigate the issuance of the bonds. (See: Cuomo and DiNapoli Urged to Investigate Ratner's Arena Junk Yard Bonds, December 14, 2009.) Noticing New York sent its own letter similarly asking for such an investigation. (See: Sunday, December 13, 2009, To Attorney General Andrew Cuomo and State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli: Investigate and Halt Issuance of Arena Bonds.) In addition to giving campaign contributions to Cuomo, Ratner is giving campaign contributions to DiNapoli. (See: Wednesday, January 06, 2010, Ratner, no longer a campaign contribution "refusenik," is already investing in Cuomo and DiNapoli 2010.)
They've censored my reviews before (and yes, I do mean "censored"), but this is the book they're going to bat for. This is the one they're standing behind, willing to lose thousands of loyal customers, willing to spit in the faces of every one of us who's ever been affected by a pedophile.
But for now, a Christmas card to share with you....
Earlier today I posted some tasting notes on an English porter, so I guess I'm contributing a little something to President's Day, in a very indirect way. At least the style is on topic. However, George Washington's birthday is Friday, so it looks like I'll be cracking open a Williamsburg Ale Werks Washington's Porter for that one. I figure something local and historical would be just the thing for such an occasion.
So why do we evaluate all managers as if they were alpha managers?
At this point, my scamdar started pinging. Merrill Lynch? Not exactly known for running literary contests. And why, after all the emails Gross and I had exchanged, did I still have so little concrete information? Gross hadn't even told me the name of the contest. Had the whole thing been an elaborate windup to get access to Tad Williams?
Along the way I passed a police station, which made me smile and feel nervous at the same time.
Four years ago, none of this lingo would have made sense to me, so I guess I’ve come a long way, baybee.
For much of this year, I've slowly been mapping out how to up my game, and I firmly believe that what this change will enable can help me, as the saying goes, to "Dream a Little Bigger, Darling".
*Sleep?: Surprisingly, I have been sleeping great. Once I get comfortable (that can take 20 minutes or so) I fall asleep and sleep well. I can remember not sleeping well at all with my previous 2 pregnancies, so I am glad there are no issues so far this time...
Rest in Peace - HBS.
During 2006 she appeared regularly in Your Song and also appeared in the now defunct television series Star Magic and in the film White Lady. In 2007 Panganiban appeared in her first mature roles in the film A Love Story, with Aga Muhlach and Maricel Soriano, and in Maging Sino Ka Man with Derek Ramsay. She also appeared in Ysabella as a guest character. She became a full fledged adult dramatic actress in the 2008 primetime drama series Iisa Pa Lamang.
Most reports indicate that everyone, including the three remaining policemen, fled the scene, followed by the couple who jumped into Mr Du Plessis’s bakkie and pursued the fleeing cops, shooting at them while the chase was on.
the dead ends of the blighted branches;
Female gorillas can breed all year, there is no specific season. They give birth to one single baby gorilla weighing about 2 kg after 8 ½ months of gestation.
The pictures did a really good job telling the story of how I organize our kitchen space! But ultimately, here is what has worked best for us in the past, its super simple:
Firewood for cooking 49%
Journaling: My witch and cowgirl is excited to get some treats
So, when I realised that I had to write a novel with the fens as a backdrop, it was neither character nor plot which came to me first but theme. This had to be a book about the elements, so constant a presence in the fen landscape – a book about fire and water, earth and air. Ninepins is, on its surface, a standard work of women’s fiction, a book about families and relationships, about mothers and daughters. But percolating through it, like water beneath the reclaimed soil of the fens, lurks the thematic pull exerted by its setting. As I told my story, I found the same ideas kept intruding: of breath and breathing, fire and flood, choking and drowning.
I'm not a big fan of the current crop of 'smaller sensor' interchangeable lens cameras. They have a limited lens range, and really aren't that much smaller than the smaller DSLRs. And they tend to be similarly priced. They also usually use electronic viewfinders instead of looking through a glass prism - which are not as nice.
Pour the sour cream mixture on top of the prunes/sugar plums and put the cake into the oven. Bake for 10 minutes.
Whitebushes
A few other commercial Russian Imperial Stouts are Bell's Expedition Stout and Big Bear Black Stout, both of which are really exceptional as well, and Samuel Smith's Imperial Stout which I now refuse to drink because the maker does not have enough respect for their own beers or those who drink them to put it in something besides a clear bottle.
And since I sort of glossed over it, let's return: yes, director/co-writer Charles Kaufman, the brother of Lloyd Kaufman, who co-founded Troma Entertainment six years before Mother's Day was released. And, indeed, this just so happens to be a Troma film. Do you not know Troma? I'm tempted to say you're better off: but that would be snippy and unfair. And my apologies for this aside to those who do know Troma, but in short, the company specialises in very tacky, very trashy, very tongune-in-cheek horror comedies with lots of nudity and gross-out makeup effects and barely even the pretense of being an actual horror movie; they are specialists in making films deliberately so bad they're good. In my experience, they are typically only so bad.
Currently, Dave Hickey is garnering a great deal of attention for his recent show in Las Vegas of artists he finds interesting and of the moment, many of which are his former students. At the same time, Hickey is advocating, and rightly so, many Los Angeles hard edge painters that never received the attention they deserved over the years like Karl Benjamin and Helen Lundeberg. I am fan of Hickey’s writing, but I was hesitant to head to Laguna, where the Las Vegas show currently resides. I thought I would test the waters first by looking at the exhibition's poster-artist, Tim Bavington, at Mark Moore. I was well rewarded.
* Second Round - inserted 1:14
I really enjoyed stitching this as I did the stocking for March. Wish I had more of them but not for the price I paid for these two. You can see the snowflakes falling on Santa : )
The saintly tolerant Peggy glared at her husband. "Mike, ENOUGH. You're going to make her mad."
**Thank the person who gave you the award and link back to them in your post.
It started on Thanksgiving. The rolls weren't done. I mean: they were done, but not that perfect, flaky, crusty wonderfulness that makes homemade rolls the shiz. Turns out the bottom burner in the oven died - after the turkey and desserts were all baked, thank goodness, so that wasn't so bad.
Me: At Grandma and Grandpa M's
08 Wonderful One
Within the universe and within a multiverse
But that’s for another blog post.
When: Saturday, October 30, 2010
I managed to get this one running, then the next mission was how to open the luggage bays.
Another one that seems tame these days, but I can remember seeing the statue of liberty at the end of this as a child and being amazed, once again, having had no idea that these astronauts might have been on earth the entire time, despite the clues given during the movie itself.
It is disappointing to see a club like Coventry City in League 1 especially when they were in the top division for a long time but times have changed and the team hasn’t really looked like returning there anyway. The fans need to stick with the club as they need as much help as they can get and they have a fantastic stadium so I hope they do make a return to the Championship as soon as possible.
I do love the funny-scary one-two punch.
The pain had been pretty manageable with alcohol, physical therapy and Advil on my side, but lately the game has changed. Obviously, I can no longer drink away the pain; most low-dose medications have alcohol or sugar in them, which I can't have, or the dose is too low to affect the pain; and I'm highly reluctant to take any high-dose pain meds because of my history of addiction. So I've been going to physical therapy, doing yoga(I'm such a Californian now, how did that happen?!) and getting massages as often as I can afford. It helps some, but not entirely.
Tim Holtz Ideaology
"Did you explain this to the doctor?" I asked.
See everybody on Sunday for a new edition of StudioScapes.
ephebe: a young man
This case, as you can see, has a nice, smooth exterior (i.e., no visible pen sleeves) and a convenient snap closure. The holes in the leather, which cover the inner flap and most of the back, make me think of racing gloves or the leather on a steering wheel in an expensive sports car.
Bloggers across the kidlitosphere celebrate Nonfiction Monday by writing about nonfiction books for kids on Monday.
This exploratory case study investigated practices in accelerated ab initio language learning at one university from the perspectives of students and teachers. Teaching practices and institutional policies were considered alongside the motivational challenges faced by students on ab initio courses. The research involved both individual and focus group interviews.
Bill Payne - organ on "Takin' It To The Streets"
Hello bloggy loves! It appears as though I seem to have taken an unintended break from my blog and actually a lot of things. I have really been doing a lot of soul searching and what it comes down to is that I just needed to get away from myself and my mind. I know, that sounds so silly..right? What I have been doing is escaping to other "worlds"....tv worlds of course lol in my down time. I have discovered netflixs and have been obsessively watching new series. I still go out and do things but when I am home, I am watching a tv series. This has made it for me, so I dont think about the crap going on.
Before I show you my project, here is the list of hoppers today **Note - Hop Starts at 8 AM CST**
Today is a “project day”. Be sure to work on an acceptable project. You may not work on anything that requires the use of “machinery” such as the button maker or heat press. You can work on your own photos or drawings or your website if you wish.
I will try to catch your eye, with some cathcher in the rye
I'm super excited because it's time for the Winter Edition of The Pinterest Challenge! (Nevermind the Spring temperatures and early blooms, it is in fact, according to this banner, still Winter.)
Friday: visit to the Guggenheim. It was ok, as far as the art is concerned...I´m not really into the whole white background with paint splatters and drips and stuff, and some people get suuuuuper emotional about this. I´m sorry, if anyone who reads this likes that style, if you do, skip this paragraph, because I don´t and i am going to complain a little about it. This one guy who had several rooms had 1 wall that had 4 paintings of "The 4 Seasons" That´s not what it was titled...I don´t remember what it was titled. But each one "represented" a "season." I identified one because he had written (in pencil, i think, probably No.2) "Autum" in the handwritting that would do a firstgrader proud.
It's been pointed out to me, on several occasions, that my brain spins around like a Rolodex. My thoughts usually are two rotations ahead of my speaking. I can be all over the board because of this. When I write on a regular basis, I'm more likely to keep myself in check and organize my direction better.
The IOD event may be related to current sub-surface cooling condition in the eastern equatorial Indian Ocean. This would also mean that warmer-than-normal sea surface temperatures would persist west of Australia during the following months.
Happy New Year to Every One!
Another correspondent's communication with me ended with these heart warming words:
Long Island Assemblyman Charles Lavine pointed out that some economists say the “cheap seats are fewer and much farther” away than in old stadiums.
The Cowboy says, “When you’re in a storm .. When things aren’t going right and you know you’re in trouble, you’re taught to let go. But when you’re roping for a big prize and things are moving fast, you don’t always have time to think.”
Thank you so much for all the wonderful entries into our very first mini challenge. We are currently looking through the projects trying to decide upon a winner so bear with us and keep an eye out for our winner post.
"How does the 13th October sound for your surgery date?"
The 17 year old girl was studying at a local polytechnic when she started working as a prostitute and was described as having the following attributes on the site.
Before that point was reached, though, these three cultures were going to have to sort out their relative strength and influence on the new American nation. We’ll talk about that next week.
I have to go back to the docs on Friday at 4:50pm for the results of today!
Tight shirt/pants & Hightops: check
One troubling finding of the report is the rather high percentage of survey respondents who report “often or nearly always” receiving “solicitation of informal payments” related to moving goods, a category that sounds a lot like bribes and payoffs. In East Asia 19% say they receive such solicitations. In South Asia it’s 35%, higher than Sub-Saharan Africa at 26%.
Audrey dug her bright red fingernails into her palms.
4. Have you changed your daily routine in any way since you signed up for TM?
Patrick Gabridge is among those authors who decided to take advantage of the digital age. Pat's first novel, Tornado Siren, was originally released by Behler Publications in 2006. Pat is a Boston-based playwright and novelist, who has also written screenplays and radio plays. He is married, with two kids. When he's not writing or in a theatre, he can often be found in one of his three gardens.
Recently I read a blog post on Mike Flores blog, where he wrote about Cavern of Souls and the accompanying article by Wizards where they explained their design decisions regarding aforementioned card. While the post in it’s entirely certainly was a good read, it’s the last portion of the text that I found really striking.
Now I know there will be a lot of jealous people out there tonight after seeing such a high falootin piece of modern technology, but its just something they're going to have to deal with!
when I get home but, in the meantime, what it said was: Good news. The
Alex Solis, Jockey
Strange fact: Now that we're homeschooling the kids, we usually have an average of 15 + library books checked out at any given time...and half of them are usually for me. Right now, we're at 29 books checked out!
run out the back door,
“My One And Only Love” with Coltrane
The 2011 Presidential Superbowl Menu
For some quilting and patchwork is an escape form the hussle and bussle of everyday life. A chance to do something enjoyable that is both relaxing and rewarding.
This would be a picture of us meeting Nelly but I missed it, so this this reaction shot will have to do. Lotsa hugs n kisses later we head out for the city. The metro system in Madrid is wonderfully efficient, and in no time we are away from the airport and into the city.
Kondi, a 12-year-old Malawian girl, is sure her father, Bambo, doesn’t love her. He seems to care more about the secret brown envelope he carries with him everywhere than his own daughter. She’s convinced things will improve, though, when her mother’s baby arrives.
So, perhaps we've yet to see, who is "cool" and who is not!
PCW Women’s Champion Callie Urban (D) vs. PCW’s Queen of Extreme Valora Salinas (I)
Are you all enjoying the Easter weekend? So relaxed and finally have some time to blog!
side of the barn
Sam: There are several milestones that all are happening simultaneous. When people came online to our website and they filled out a detailed survey, saying that they would want to come onto Blueseed, when they would like to move onto Blueseed, and how they would be able to pay for their stay on Blueseed. So far we have received over 120 applications (start-ups), which equates to about 500 people. That is a big milestone, which has only developed over the last 6 months. We could fill half the spots if all those people came on the ship right now.
I hope y'all have a great weekend!
mismanagement of our defence
But I'm not to talk about it to anyone.
Barbra's style in the past decade can only be described as one word: majestic. Her look is graceful, elegant, and classy. She always looks like a queen, whether she's draped in sparkly antique jewels or wearing a powerhouse suit.
Unfortunately their great tank was placed in such way that it was the most difficult one to photograph of them all.
Just as much as it is about the family though, it is also the story of a country that is fading away. When Charlotte and Wilhelm return from Mexico to Berlin in 1952 to take up their responsibility of building up the new country, the dream of a uniquely German socialist state is still a heady one, an intoxicating vision of an ideal future. As the years progress though, we see the reality of East-German communism, the plastic cars, the crumbling buildings, the power shortages... While stalwarts like Wilhelm continue to believe in the system, others feel that the country has lost its way, some (like Alexander) hoping to leave it behind for good. In Zeiten des abnehmenden Lichts is definitely not an adherent of the Ostalgie trend of pining for the good old days of the GDR.
#2. Abita Amber
And here is my SEVEN year old daughter standing (just) in the 'bedroom'. All the rest of us had to duck or bend double, and I just couldn't imagine what it must have been like to live down here. The stench would have been dreadful, for a start. And NO INTERNET, people!! I know. Doesn't bear thinking about.
deceiving lovers lullaby
In some other news: check this out!
Go early - The Canoe Outfitters opens at 8:00 am. We arrived at 8:30 am but still had the entire river to ourselves all the way out to the turnpike bridge. The way back was a totally different story. The river went from slightly congested to packed with novices.
Margaret Noble — Distopia
While at Heifer International headquarters and the Heifer Ranch I learned how they are continually striving to implement the vision and their mission of the organization.
Without further ado, congratulations to the following crafters:
“The irony is I’ve been clean from drugs and crime for twelve years now but, while everyone else is falling out of pubs, I can’t get into them because I’m still on PubWatch. I was arrested for drugs and put in prison. That’s OK. That’s fair. But, when I came out, I went into my local pubs and they told me I had been put on PubWatch so I was not allowed into any pubs any more for life. I never did drugs or did any crime in any pub and I had never had any trouble with any landlord, but I was put on PubWatch for life because I was involved in drugs in the local area and around London.
I arrived first at the restaurant. We had agreed to wait for the other in the lobby. I watched him as he walked up to the restaurant. His size held my eye, as it had the night before, until he stepped in the door and looked at me and that’s when he smiled. Dear sweet jesus is all I remember thinking. How is it possible for a simple smile to hit me in the solar plexus like that? The next thought was do I stare at the smile or the eyes? Those incredible, piercing blue eyes that shine unlike anything I have ever seen before. This was going to be one helluva fun evening. As luck would have it, the restaurant was full. He quickly decided we wouldn’t wait, but rather walk up to another restaurant. As we’re walking, he crosses behind me to walk along the side closest to the street. I gave him a quizzical look and asked what he was doing. He proceeded to tell me that it was a chivalry thing, back in Victorian times it was considered good manners when walking with a lady, to walk on the outside to prevent her from getting covered in shit should someone happen to lean out their window (I’m paraphrasing here…he said it much more eloquently) to dump their latrine bucket. You can guess what went through my mind, “Is this guy for real?”
But, enough of that. So Roger is kidnapped, R. Dorothy is the Negotiator, and its absolutely delightful to watch. While everyone else frets, she handles the situation in her trademark straightforward fashion, albeit somewhat to the dismay of people like Dastun. But she proves perhaps even more capable of a Negotiator than Roger is, ultimately, although she assures him she has no interest in his job.
M and I stayed at the President Hotel, which, we were told, is primarily a Canadian/European travelers hotel. Our room was relatively spacious, with a desk and a "comfortable" chair besides the twin beds with bedside tables. There was a mini fridge that we didn't use, and a TV where we kept up on world happenings, mostly the earthquake in Haiti and the Senate race in the US. It was clean though slightly worn and we were very careful about using bottled water to wash our faces, brush our teeth etc. Our room had a view over the courtyard of the Chinese Embassy next door.
So, apologies.
In exhorting the readers of this letter to keep exhorting each other, the author is exemplifying the principle that our life pattern is not one in which the vast majority of passive believers to let a few ‘ministers’ do all the work. Rather it was Yahushua who gave His followers, leaders whose task it was to ‘equip God’s people’ for the work of service that builds up the body of Christ. Folks who Christ called to be His apostles wrote down their information having been a witness to His life, death and resurrection.
He is our refuge when hope seems extinct. He is our refuge when financial requirements are ravishing our resources. He is our refuge when people we depend on are nowhere to be found. He is our refuge when health issues hound our heart. He is our refuge when fear knocks at the door and questions our courage. He is our refuge when our marriage hangs in the balance. He is our refuge when work pressures pulsate in our mind and awaken us at night. He is our refuge when all seems to be going wrong. He is our refuge when all seems to be going right. His refuge is required regardless of our circumstances. During the good and bad times, we need to rest and refuel under the shadow and wisdom of His almighty wings. It is in refuge and relationship with God that His blessings abound.
So, it's game on! However - finding the perfect specimen has been a bit of challenge. I immediately eliminated Bucky's for a couple of obvious reasons. First, they are pricey and second they are heavy. I needed something heavier than a Blucky (Bucky's younger, less functional cousin), semi-realistic, posable and at a decent price.
But no. It wasn’t there.
Thankfully he got another job. However we had Christmas (which we hadn't done any shopping for), 2 months without any income (which we hadn't planned on) and daughter with cancer and 2 + years of treatment ahead of us. Stressed much?!
by Lauren
When I begin to get immersed in a creating a book, whether by writing or simply by working it out in my mind, I look twice at everything that comes my way, wondering if it is a gift from the muses.
One cop even started having a ten minute long conversation with our driver because that’s how long we were standing at the signal….his literal words “No incoming, only outgoing, how i’ll manage…” then screams “DEI, ange po! Yenge varey?”
That means either the overall number of free books being downloaded has increased exponentially because there are more customers downloading them or the same number are downloading more books, or else the overall percentage of books rising to the top has gotten considerably smaller, meaning there are a LOT more books not getting many downloads at all.
The Halton Industry Education Council (HIEC) is pleased to once again host “Women as Career Coaches” on Wednesday, March 28, 2007, 6:00-9:00 p.m.
Karmen is a young woman still torn between two hometowns: Denver, Colorado and Houston, Texas. She is a Graphic Design major about to graduate from the University of South Carolina. Aside from fashion, she loves design, cocktails with friends, and immersing herself with different cultures.
For the Week…
INGREDIENTS -
So many people spend their whole lives running from God. They think that surrendering to God is the worst thing they could ever do. Surrender suggests weakness, and no one wants to be seen as weak.
Quick walk around Madrid (very beautiful city) this afternoon whilst feeling as if on a different planet.
But why? Is the Gospel being preached? If you’re a Christian, that’s the question? If it is, then we rejoice.
There was a strange turn that Jemma’s character takes … and it may have something to do with this:
Well lets see….
Fair did I say?
So today was full of mixed emotions - ecstatic to make goal again but sad since I was supposed to make it there with my team mate. I did get greeted when I landed at goal by 2 other good friends who made it there first and we couldn't stop hugging & giggling...it wouldn't be the same to make it to goal & not know anyone.
After being let go he led a tireless fight for gay and lesbian rights. He and a friend began the Mattachine Society of Washington, and in 1965 Kameny and his group were the first ever to picket the White House and the Pentagon in the name of gay rights.
Julian
We also have thousands of out-of-print titles and many scarce titles. Below is a list of upcoming fairs’ dates, venues and opening times. See bottom of page for types of books, CDs and sheet music, and for more information about 2MBS FM 102.5.
Sometimes people will say, "I want to review your book, how much is it? I will also purchase one to give away." While many will say, "Could you please donate a copy for giveaways?" I usually giveaway ebooks! But during the holidays I was feeling mighty generous and agreed to doing many hardcopy giveaways...
Hi Everyone!!.. I'm very late with my moon post!! This month Full Moon fell on Friday 11th of November. Remembrance Day for Australians and other countries of the Allied Forces of the First World War. A day to honour those that fought and commemorate the Armistice signed on this day in 1918, that eventually brought about the end to the war.
The ANC's economic objectives simply cannot be achieved while everything is subordinate to racial ideology and the imperatives of the "national democratic revolution". This message needs to be hammered home without reservation or apology until a critical mass of opinion within the ruling alliance comes to recognise it.
The Ballerina jewelry box I bought recently with some of my vintage things. Back when I'd wanted a horse so badly, I bought the stop watch. I don't remember why this was important, except I think I was reading The Black Stallion, and it seemed important to be able to time my horse doing something, when I got it lol...
I can't wait to someday bring our kids to see their Grandpa conduct beautiful music. It's one thing I very much look forward to.
Creative Cultures Scotland have received a very interesting email from a German TV company looking to produce a 5 part documentary series about the longest cycling route in the world all around the North Sea, season one will be UK only.Filming will start in July 2012.
*Note: My plug for Teri's book is totally unsolicited and I am receiving no compensation. I feel it is a wonderful resource and just wanted to share.
I think I’d better save up for my plane ticket…
I added these towels to a candle sconce. Guess what Sandi managed to do after this
A few things that Bella has said that make this "stepmom job" so fun are:
We gathered. Musicians, Poetess, Artist, Dancer, Woodworker and friends together for an evening unlike any other. Our leader and hostess began our adventure with a few words about why we were there, in her house and just a little bit nervous. “When I was in college, I lived in the “Fine & Performing Arts Residential College,” where we had monthly Performance Hours. These events, which featured musicians, actors, writers, dancers and performance artists and sometimes downright silly people, were well-attended, fun and inspiring. They gave students an opportunity to try things out in front of a supportive audience and helped fulfill a need/desire that I think many artists have to share ideas from different disciplines/media. I missed the excitement of these events and the opportunities for expressive collaboration that they provided. Through Facebook, I have seen that some of my classmates in big cities are doing similar things, perhaps more narrowly defined, but still gatherings of artists for performance and camaraderie.” She went on to encourage us to relax and enjoy what we were about to do and experience. We were still gripped with antisipation, but I was just plain nervous. Why did I agree to open the show? EGADS. So with no aplumb or much explination about what I was about to perform I plunged in. I hadn’t performed in over a year. My senior recital was a blur and something I was mostly just happy to have behind me, and here I was dragging it up agian. Well, the last piece of it. So Kabelac was performed with little grace and much gusto and we had begun. Schubertiade Springfield was happening.
By the way, BSP did not have a post in honor of Detroit superstar Nicklas Lidstrom, a first ballot Hall-of-Famer and one of the great defenders of all time. He may have played his last game this spring. We’ll fix that soon enough.
It's a big world out there, we all have lots of people to teach and help. I love teaching quilting and I hope to help create a world that's open and giving to information, ideas, and techniques.
Well, last night as I was cutting out terrycloth and flannel to make an order of washcloths, I reached my limit. Trying to cut out precise squares on anything other than a reasonably sized table is more of a chore than it ought to be. So I said out loud for the umpteenth time, "I really need a table to cut my fabric on!" (and yes, you could probably hear the exclamation point).
HP QuickWeb,
between stock returns and inflation in Greece. The results
DEAR SAM: It is primarily applicable to boards of directors of corporations as well as community associations. The courts have said: “We will not second guess a director — especially those who volunteer for no pay — even if they make a mistake. However, if the board is doing something nefarious, illegal or fraudulently, then of course we, the courts, will intervene.”
Shoot me an email (pfriedfeld@cvoptical.com) and tell me you want in…and you are playing the game to win! I will send you a lucky $1.00 (or uber lucky $2.00 bill) in which you get to dream big and plan your success. And every time you look at this bill you will be reminded of your success plan and what it feels like to be a huge success.
Battle for control of Glasgow City Council ends tomorrow at 10 pm when the ballot boxes close.
Today there is a revolution that is against corruption and interestingly enough not against the corrupt. It is for empowering the underprivileged masses. Let us support them and pray for their victory.
Under construction in Natchitoches, tucked in the north west of the state, the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame Museum maybe more about the natural water-bourn terrestrial topography of the region than about the collection of sports artifacts the museum will hold. Trahan Architect’s vision is based on the landscape the museum overlooks which is formed by the Cane River Lake, a tributary of the Red River, cutting into the soft earth and becoming a crisscross of channels through the landscape. via evolo
Despite the fact that there’s no real wow factor here, it would be entirely unfair to say that HTC’s One S isn’t a great phone. It is. The hardware is some of the best I’ve seen in a long time, Sense 4 is quite nice albeit a touch heavy for my taste, and the specs are right in line with what we’re seeing on the market today.
Basically this was a five-for-one trade, which means we both got something we wanted: Brian's amassing as much as he can to try to turn it into something better, and I got rid of some dead weight in preparation for getting my cards shipped. I asked for a Tiger, and a Tiger I got.
This is the model and it was lovely. Sadly, I only took pictures upstairs because the realtor was downstairs and she knew I was being nosy!
by the name of the product you can obviously deduct that this foundation is water based, deep-sea water from the Ohotsuku Sea to be exact. it is choked full of skin loving ingredients like jojoba seed oil, olive squalane, and the ever popular shea butter. i highly recommend reading the description on koh gen do's official website, they have fancy diagrams and very appealing descriptions. being water based, this foundation is very fluid as well as unscented. it is sheer but buildable. i normally use 1.5-2 pumps to cover my entire face. this does have an SPF of 15.
“I’m heavy and clumsy when I walk?” he replied. “I have to conserve my energy for the chases. Have to play the part, you see.”
"Good morning Shag! How are you doing this morning?"
All of this requires incredible dedication from the young people and their teachers. The council, another much maligned group of people, deserve enormous credit for encouraging and developing the musicians in the county. It's time that those in positions of power realise how important these young people are to the future of this country.
Woodn’t that be lovely!?
Is there juice? It likely contains oils, so consume it.
Awaara (The Tramp) (1951; Raj Kapoor, Prithviraj Kapoor, Nargis; directed by Raj Kapoor) is, like Shree 420, another classic masterpiece of Indian cinema. This one is a bit harder to watch, however. It delves head first into the unforgiving realities of class distinction and the brutal life of those forced to live on the Indian city streets. Awaara was hugely popular in communist countries due to its socialist themes, but there’s no denying that the horrors of inequity that the film displays are very real everyday tragedies for millions.
(General Najiya faces Fareda. Maisa starts to sleep.)
Sometimes we both need down days. I know that next year when I start my scheduling I would work it so maybe we can have a down day once a month. Not necessarily schedule it in but if some times I feel if would be beneficial to just recharge we have the luxury of doing so.
I have thanked Grammy many, many times for her gifts and those notes were always written with a pen that she gave me. Usually a special Parker 51 that was saved for such events...
I don’t remember when this picture was taken – but I still look like I was having fun :-) When I notice the camera I try to get a nice shot (even if I can’t afford the fee to purchase a copy)
world-wide for several reasons:
Runner Up: BrewDog Mr Squirrel
Yes, it is usually the 15th of the month but this month the 15th fell on our monthly blog hop.
The show was exactly what you would expect from the OFFCIAL Blues Brothers show. Jake and Elwood were fantastic, the comedy was the same and the band rocked it. It was such a fun night. And the beauty of going to something that is a cult hit, is that fans show up. Everyone in the crowd was having the best time and the crowd participation was fun and not that awful embarassing silent agony that it more often is. GB and I had a blast!
ALTERNATE TO STEPS 3-5: Spray Paint
12. Somehow letters seem to come at the best times.
Savard: Yes.
Abstract: Methods of detecting, diagnosing, monitoring or managing an XMRV-related neuroimmune disease such as chronic fatigue syndrome or XMRV-related lymphoma such as mantle cell lymphoma in a subject are disclosed. These methods comprise ... Read more>>
I belong to the stark white walls of an empty room,
In an effort to limit the use of chemical insecticides, individuals continue to search for alternative methods of pest control. One method that has become increasingly popular among organic growers is the use of food grade diatomaceous earth. Farmers and gardeners find the product to be a very effective natural solution for protecting their crops against crawling insects.
Then I remembered a recipe that a friend gave me years ago. She got it from her sister-in-law, who lived in Canada for a while. The implication being that it’s a Canadian recipe, which it may well be as it has cup measurements in it.
The world that would continue to spin without my father in it...
Cardstock: Gina K. Designs (Kraft and Ivory)
Willard Romney won:
Life can be pretty mundane and sometimes i question myself “What’s next?” Constantly reminding myself that i am not the only one feeling this way didnt help as it kept re-occuring! i knew i had to find the answer and the best way is to do things that i have never done and on a piece of paper write out the things that I feel negatively about myself! From the piece of paper, i jot down ways i can improve myself to become a better happier me! Its not easy when it comes down to the action but when you have achieve what your goal is, the feeling can be very satisfying!
I am closing Window Views and doors too. I want to thank all the participants for posting photographs so faithfully all this time. I will continue Sepia Scenes for the foreseeable future. Come on over to Sepia Scenes you may like it.
Some may say this is reality television at work. But I think there is more to it than that. I think that through her Biggest Loser journey, she faced some demons that allowed her to lose weight, like herself and change her demeanor. I think all the contestants did. And that’s the part of health that few discuss.
Last year, with the rebellion quieted, Bombino returned to Niger and participated in the rehabilitation of the northern city of Agadez. It was a profoundly moving experience for him, and it gives this mesmerizing album its name. Bombino makes the suffering of an ancient people in a harsh and distant land sound both strangely contemporary and universally appealing.
One of the great myths of our age, one repeated constantly in every white Western nation, is that immigrants do the jobs which natives of the particular nation, in our case, the English, Welsh, Scottish or Irish, will not do. As such, the implication is given, is that immigrants are essential to the continued well being of the host nation.
I have tried to make this picture "extra-large" for you, because I don't want you to miss anything. I don't want you to think for a minute that this is fake.
Year of internship: 2008
1. Any person who has been sanctioned with a suspension of more than six months by any anti-doping organization for any violation of any anti-doping regulations may not participate, in any capacity, in the next edition of the Games of the Olympiad and of the Olympic Winter Games following the date of expiry of such suspension.
I’ve always been told that I care too much about people, especially the ones I love. I’ve always considered that a “pro” on my list about myself, but recently, I’ve felt that maybe that’s not such a good thing? That maybe I should tone down that part of myself, and be more logical… be more of a realist instead of a dreamer.
The giveaway will run May 15th, 12:01 until May 31st 12:01
It’s really quite simple, isn’t it ?
For it stands in the place a former clubhouse and dance hall built all the way back in the 1830s but reached its culture preeminence just over 40 years ago.
But perhaps it's a reminder that this cold winter will pass and I will be warm again(because I've been freezin' my arse off since December!) and that spring will come soon.
Using a holistic approach that considers each client as an individual with unique health patterns and concerns, behaviors, and experiences, the iridologist will examine the eyes and make a health assessment.
My daughter Caitlin, has a slightly unusual pet. She has a Giant African Land Snail called Olley, who she loves very, very much. She takes excellent care of him, feeding him fresh food every day, cleaning his tank out weekly and even chatting to him.
For part of the game I sat behind a group, the boys wearing OUCC blazers, the girls, apparently, Paris Hilton and her entourage. An American girl and boy were discussing whether South Kensington would be a good place to buy a house (she thought not, because she wouldn’t want to live in the same street as her mother). The boy seemed to own houses in New York, London and Paris. This is not the kind of conversation one often hears at Grace Road. (Even these children of Croesus, incidentally, couldn’t afford the prices at the Lord’s bar and nipped out to the nearest Tesco for a carry-out).
Is it appropriate to send thank you notes, birthday cards, and sympathy cards online?
Do you use purple at all?
Cream the butter and sugar. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix until well combined. Add the baking powder, baking soda, and cocoa and stir until well combined. Add the flour and stir until just mixed.
The strongest beers called Scotch Ale or Wee Heavy? Wee Heavy doesn't appear until the 20th century. The original - Fowler's Wee Heavy - was actually called 12 Guinea Ale. That still appeared on the labels in the 1960's. Wee just refers to the bottle size, a nip. Heavy just means strong. The strongest may have been called Scotch Ale in England, in Scotland they were sold as Strong Ale. Or 6, 8, 10 or 12 Guinea Ale.
“Yes. This one. *You're out of underwear, what do you do?”* She glanced up at him.
Crowded House Don’t dream it’s over NZ
Anyway I DID find the answers...eventually. There's always an answer, you know; always a way out of a sticky situation. Remember that. I may not have put this on my writing tips page in so many words – though I do suggest you throw obstacles in your protagonist's way – but take it from one who has made things seemingly impossible for her characters many times over: you'll be amazed at your own inventiveness. Seriously. Necessity is the mother of invention, and all that.
When you eat food that is not organic, what you are eating is loaded with poisons and chemicals. Companies that produce food for the masses have one thing in mind, quantity not quality. They will do what ever they have to do to get as much food as they can from point A (the ground that is depleted of ) to point B (your mouth). They are trying to prolong the shelf life of the natural food so that you have a chance to purchase it.
as always, if you're at any of them, say hello!
Here’s just one more LIE that has been exploded regarding 911.
The whole group surrounded The Blue Guy and Irish Air had her wire ready to hang him and make him cry. He sent out a jolt of electricity toward Pat but he moved and instead it hit me, knocking me flat. I got up feeling fine but once more the jolt made that magic dust take hold allowing me to rhyme so divine. I repeated what the jolt caused me to see in my mind and things truly seemed worse as The Blue Guy grinned at my little rhyming behind. For it seemed Gawker Island was more than we thought and I mean that by a whole friggin' lot.
Miracle on 34th Street
Just like the chemistry that makes up the creative sum of your line, most cooks bring a different taste in music to the kitchen. This adds to the creative atmosphere, the mish mash and collage of tastes, styles, arguments about what sucks and what rules. As we have frequent guests in the kitchen, my only standing rules are no f bombs, n bombs, anyone has a right to a veto and no volume past 11.
Words of wisdom:
573 **D-IV/26/1968. “It’s Your Country: Some Perhaps Superfluous Remarks for College Students.” Teach In on Vietnam, Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1990(5), above, pp. 2007-16.)
This is what Marissa chooses to Believe. It is what I choose to believe.
(1) Legislative changes. This seems to be the preferred route and is presumably why the Minister is to refer the matter to the AG. There may be constitutional issues with the government intruding upon private contracts but I think this has been overblown. Other countries, including the UK, have successfully made changes to property related contracts, eg residential leases which have faced immense resistance but have been upheld at a European level. Also we have had legal changes here in recent years which have diluted rights of landlords, for example the precedent established in 2009 that companies in examinership can repudiate leases.
This is pretty much my life right now over here at Soft Cities HQ. I have a sitter for three hours a day so I cram in as much creativity as I can. Man it’s hard! Especially when Hugo is so darn cute!
I WOULD IMAGINE THAT TACY WILL LET YOU KNOW ABOUT THE REST OF THE FAMILY, BUT THE ODDS ARE THAT SHE WON'T WANT TO STAY BEHIND ALL BY HERSELF FOR A WHOLE WEEK. SO, ON SECOND THOUGHT, JUST PUT DOWN 10 RUTHERFORDS WITH A STICK FIGURE OF A DAD UNTANGLING 8 FISHING LINES WHILE HIS WIFE LAYS ON THE BEACH SIPING MOJITOS WITH HER NEW BEST FRIEND, KATHY HARTZELL.
Julie's email came just as I was planning the menu for our Memorial Day cookout. It inspired me to plan a menu that mimicked the cookout food that I ate at the cookouts and summer parties my parents hosted when I was young. My parents enjoy entertaining as much as I do and our house was always a flurry of activity. I used to love those get-togethers. Used to? Okay, I still love to go home for a cookout on the farm.
"Oh, her baby daughter! You didn't tell me she had a baby daughter."
in his chest, the morning swallowing
“Wrong film for that, love,” he said, “Man is fully responsible for his nature and his choices.”
Chlorinated water was dripping from my wet head, but that wasn’t what burned hot in my eyes at that moment. I realized I was getting a great visual of someone who was going all out – doing whatever it took (no matter how little that may seem to others) – to get as fit as possible. The next time I want to whine (externally or internally) about what’s involved in my fitness routine, I hope this man’s “just do it” determination will quickly come to mind, giving me the needed impetus to follow his powerful example.
THE DWM 2008 AWARDS!
being found in some plastics, people have become very wary, and want to know
Once you've had fun pulling your fabrics together, you can start cutting:
Meanwhile Pearson and Adams were season long work horses. Pearson competing in eleven meets in her specialty in addition to several meets in other events; Adams in thirteen meets. Competing with such regularity these women opened themselves up to potential loss against the world’s best far more often – and prevailed.
A gripping and griping read. Worth reading. Though not on a cruise.
And off to work we go. Bit of a monsoon happening at the moment…but then when you live in rainforest…you should expect rain, yes? Those lush greens and fragrant bushes need the benefit of a good down pour.
The girls also have the opportunity to earn a special H2O Explorer badge from WMWD if they complete specific requirements. Just participating in the garden tour checked a few of the requirements off of the list. If our girls do a few more activities on their own, they will qualify for this patch too. To find out more about what they need to do to earn this patch, click here. If your Daisy would like to earn this patch, please help her fill out the form on their web site (click on "ages 7-10), and turn in in to Mrs. Sharpe at our next troop meeting.
To hint at a life to come.
While City Council Member Charles Barron has called the project “instant gentrification,” the DEIS disagrees. It states that “At-risk households in the study area have been decreasing and will probably continue to do so without the proposed project.” Moreover, it suggests that the project is no radical break: “First, the housing introduced would be similar in tenure (owner vs. renter), size, and affordability to the housing mix in the study area. Second, the substantial number of housing units to be added could alleviate upward pressure on rental rates.”
“I like a warrior who doesn’t shy away from a fight,” said the halfling, chuckling to himself. “Try not to die too quickly.”
Never heard of it.
Lepore completely botches this history. She quotes the prosecutor’s brief from Miller, which argued that the Second Amendment was “restricted to the keeping and bearing of arms by the people collectively for their common defense and security,” and that the right “is not one which may be utilized for private purposes but only one which exists where the arms are borne in the militia or some other military organization provided for by law and intended for the protection of the state.”
"Yeah" Jamie replies, "It wasn't really working. Besides I have my eye on someone else."
Krystal wanted to hang around after class to describe everything she went through to get the project done.
Last week was so busy! I started this challenge and started a group on CDAC all in the same week. WHEW! I have already met so many wonderful ladies. We are getting to know a little more about each other everyday. It's wonderful. Please come join us here, Happi Scrappin Doodles. If you don't know what CDAC is (it stands for 'Crafters Digital Art Center) , it is a great place to get to know artistic people that love digital stamps. Lots of challenges and free digies. There are tutorials on all kinds of ways to work with digies too.
So, my friends, when you are overwhelmed by troubles in your life, remember this: Jesus overcame and so shall we. Hold on tightly to God. He has you safely in His hands! A good friend of mine puts it this way, “Girl, God has got your back!!!!!!!!!!!”
I don't consider myself to be the font of all knowledge, I don't have all the answers, but I have come to a point in my life where I can say I'm happy in my own skin. I'm generally happy, contented and grateful for the life I have. It hasn't always been that way and I've gone through many hardships to get here and I know there will be more to come, but right here, right now I'm happy. I hope that when those difficult times come again (as they surely will), I can look back over these posts and find strength in the fact that I know the there is always a light at the end of the tunnel.
From time to time, I’d spot my friend meandering out across the main room floor… moving from machine to machine casually choosing his workout that day. I had initial thoughts of getting some muscle groups in myself that day… but I could easily feel the anxiety starting to set in. “Wow, it’s been two decades since I worked out on weight machines with any sort of real intensity displayed by these people,” I thought. In the end, I guess I convinced myself to stick to the basics, on my first trip in a Mega-Gym, so as not to embarrass myself or my friend, and especially not wanting to embarrass my wife.
Few voters understand that when the state sentences offenders to prison, federal law requires state taxpayers to bear not only the costs of constructing, maintaining and operating a prison, but, all costs of confinement including salaries and benefits of corrections officers, of food and clothing, and the steadily rising costs of physical health care and mental health care.
Truly one of the greatest recording artists and entertainers of All-Time.
They'll have a picture of me with them for always.
I have a dear friend who is very ill and just had a pace maker put in...I think this card would Cheer him up.
My heart sank with her question. I answered her honestly, "Yes honey, you're skinny."
As I previously wrote, but you didn’t see, was that the Artist’s way is a 12 week program for those who want to connect to their deeper artist self. I am on week one so still skeptical. It also works, supposedly, for those suffering writer’s block. It has writing assignments so at least it keeps you writing everyday.
In the greenhouse we have peas, rocket, coriander, spinach, lettuce, marigolds and assylums. We have signed up with www.ezyvegies.com.au for $20.00 per year they will give you help with what to grow and when to get the most benefit from the garden. As they are based in Sutherland which isn't far from us I thought I would give them a go.
So, the deets: The fest will be at Farmer's Cabinet (1113 Walnut St., Philly) all day, on both Sept 9 and 10, Friday and Saturday. I'll be speaking about session beers at 1:30 on Saturday (I have an all-day meeting Friday, or I'd hike my butt in for that one, too); it's going to be a bit of a pep rally for session beers, but I'll talk about the hows and whys, like how they're made to taste so good, and why I set my limit at 4.5%. But mostly? We'll be drinking 26 tap beers and 2 gravity pours (one German, one English). Four of those 26 will be Terry's beers, some of the first brewed at the former Shenandoah brewery in Arlington, VA; if you know Terry's beers from the Bullfrog, you'll know why I'm excited about those.
The woman , accompanied by her 11-yo son, again refused to give her details, at which point one of the cops exposed himself to the woman and her son and demanded they get out the car.
He is united and co-mingled with the Divine nature; he is raised to his first inheritance by this co-mingling, according to the Church hymn.
stepping out of the shower
If people are willing to share all their personal shit on their walls... Then why not just take a dump on the pavement? We'll be able to see if you've had corn the night before, and it'd be just like telling us what you had for dinner anyway.
I just want to thank each and every one of you lovely lovely peeps
Remove from oven and cool on wire racks to store for up to 3 days well wrapped in the refrigerator or up to 1 month in the freezer.
Ok, as the thunder roars over us, lightning flashes and it is pouring so hard we can’t even see out our one window – I have to ask – were our weathermen talking about US having a “dry” spell or did they think they lived somewhere in a desert, like Arizona? I wonder if I’d still have a job if I was wrong as often as they are?
Xypherous: Seriously, though. Trinity Force on Teemo?
Why is this such a glorious sensation? Because you have affirmed that you’re on the right course and that your destination is closer. In this regard, road signs are great, but their glory fades as we scoot by because their job is done and the places they guide us to are greater.
Apple, Aeroplane, Acrobat... My A if for
The drinker should be able to enjoy both milk and foam with every sip.
Last time I talked about how editing generally falls into a few distinct stages, with each part of the process relating to the improvement of an aspect of the manuscript (major structural edits = big picture issues, line edits = prose, copy edits = everything else, pass pages = final polishing/error catching).
I then realized what was wrong and here are four words I never thought I would ever utter, read, or write (outside of a science-fiction novel).
Okay well I'll try not to be such a stranger anymore but I cant promise anything today is Day 3 of soccer so I will be passing out as soon as my face touches the pillow. Enjoy the pictures :)
In studying and looking at other religions… one sees that all of them have a whole bunch of rules and ideas and procedures of how man (humankind) can get to their god.
Shampoo Trouble UK
So if the youths were well off, why were they rioting?
Add flour into bowl B. Followed by the salt and butter.
First you’ll have to make the tezu – the vinegar-water pickling liquid. Conveniently, this is the same dressing you’ll use to season your quinoa, so the amounts below are in fact enough for both the pickled ginger and rolls. Use half measures if you are only making the pickled ginger.
Happy Monday Morning Everyone!
Stir fry meats until you get them a bit crispy.
For Your Info:
--Margarete Münsterberg, ed., trans. A Harvest of German Verse. 1916.
(sad news, none of the these pictures are mine because I was too stressed out and pressed for time to take pictures)
AliWangWang is a feature you can use on Taobao to chat with the seller inquiring about their produtcs or bargain on purchasing items. Most buyers want to chat with the seller before buying to increase safety and confidence, although this might not always guarantee it. I haven't personally used AliWangWang, and don't actually know how to use it, but I haven't had the need to use it because my agent usually takes care of everything.
Naida shrugged. “It doesn’t matter to me I suppose. But remember what I said, it’s in your best interest to know this stuff. You shouldn’t go around and say crazy things. I’m not about to stamp you a bad person for being crazy, or I’d be as bad as the soldiers.”
And that’s the reason, Judge Gilbert S. Merritt wrote in Lewis v. Humboldt Acquisition Corp., a federal district court in Tennesse correctly rejected an ADA plaintiff’s proposed jury instructions, which contained the more generous “motivating factor” language.
Some of the claims have more merit, such as in relation to the indisputably invaluable Polish plumbers. However, this is only because they possess skills which we have given up teaching our own youngsters. A situation which could be turned round in a year if the government wanted to do so.
The label is made from three sizes of Spellbinders Nestabilities Labels 4. I hand cut around the flower and added ribbon and pink crystals. "You've got purse-onality" is from K Andrew Designs Fashionable Friends stamp set!! Isn't it just perfect for this??
The U.S. Attorney’s Office, the FBI, and the Huntsville Islamic Center will present a workshop on May 17 at the University of Alabama in Huntsville to help the community learn more about its Islamic members.
In the morning, we got a bright and early start around 8 a.m. after we cached the rest of our food under fallen beech trees, hoping we’d remember the place. For the first time, we split into two groups and left the instructors who trailed behind an hour or so until they caught up to us and pretended not to know us.
I think I can be reasonably be accused of being pretentious on occasion... however sometimes there are things that are too genuine, too human and too individual to worry about photographic technique... and this is one of them (I think).
Magic Johnson, one of the most famous NBA players of all time, knows what it takes to be part of a successful team. During his time with the Los Angeles Lakers he achieved three MVP awards and appeared in nine NBA Finals and twelve All-Star games. He led the league in regular-season assists four times and is the all-time leader in average assists per game at 11.2. This shows that he not only cared about the success of his own career but knew how to share the ball and be a true team player.
I use two flats pad folded together. Works great and is the only one size cover that fits my baby.
So now when I have a really stellar bar pie, like the one at Star Tavern (a pizza for which I drove quite a bit out of my way, risking the eternal contempt of wife and son if it turned bust), I appreciate it because it's good pizza, but also because it's playing with the basic ingredients of the genre in a way that's interesting in the larger context of my pizza-eating life. It's good food connected to context.
She gives excellent instructions for turning your applique, and also a template to cut your hexagons from.
Okay, so I write dystopian novels. I love the genre. I love reading all the different kinds of dystopian out there. From robots to near-apocalypse, from viruses to factions, from brainwashing to technology meltdowns.
Second Speaker, without thought or hesitation: “Too many veggies?”
Steak with pepper sauce on rice ($12.50) and baked Portuguese pork chops with spaghetti ($8.80) are a glorious mishmash of east and west. Au gratin is the order of the day, with pork chops and spaghetti swaddled beneath a thick blanket of cheesy white sauce, grilled until brown on the edges.
some deluge vomited up.
J. Herman (ed.): Latin vulgaire – latin tardif. Actes du 1er colloque sur le latin vulgaire et tardif (Pécs, 2–5 septembre 1985)
Note1: I also put the skins from the wedges back in the oven for a while, made great, crispy chips!
Tales of Manhattan
Naturopathic medicine is useful for treating chronic as well as acute diseases. It is sometimes used in conjunction with allopathic care to enhance wellness and relieve chronic symptoms, such as fatigue and pain. A naturopath treats a wide range of health problems, ranging from back pain to depression.
And this is why we are still stripping away and cleaning up what no longer serves us as a Force of Love with an open heart chakra. All are growing out of being a human that experiences love as a mental or emotional concept. We have been trained to misinterpret the spiritual attributes of Love, limiting them to the ego’s perspective rather than sensing them from the experiential level of the Soul hence the sweeping energies that cause the uncontrollable weeping, the untamed frustration, foggy confusion, inexhaustible tiredness, physical injuries and other anatomical maladies.
THE MONKS: BLACK MONK TIME
As I make my way back around to the Khepera moment and think of all the people that didn’t physically make it this year. I can vividly hear my ancestors with Osar, saying “You’re not finished, but job well done.” And, for the first time in my adult life I celebrated my Earthday, as a Son of a King (Osar and Ancestors) returned. This year I return with more determination and vigor with the aim of helping others. I can’t wait to when this romanticized view of Kamitic spirituality passes and people see that the Story of Osar (Asar, Ausar, Osiris) as what the great American mythologist Joseph Campbell calls a monomyth, which is the basis of our ancestral philosophy and culture. What a joy it will be when it is realized that we are the Hru and the Osar represents our aakhu (egun, egum, ancestors), which means. All we have to do is make a “spiritual” phone call.
Anaru: When I learned how to do that, it’d passed a month…
Because I am a Filipino.
20.) “Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.”
Have you discovered how patient Satan can be?
But indeed a very real and enthralling tea
"If we stay here, he'll grow up loving this place, and it's really very beautiful here.
Unable to find things, as I must have put them away on in dream state.
Working Americans are becoming a minority in a country where fifty percent don't pay taxes, but do profit from the taxes of others. Where wealth redistribution is the goal, but no matter how much wealth is redistributed, it's never enough for the perpetually dissatisfied and the permanently angry who always have license to take to the streets in pursuit of some ephemeral justice that can only be gained with bullhorns and broken windows.
Simply put - there is simply no merit whatsoever in considering the tho"ts and feelings of faux democratic autocrazies, corrupt royalty in Ray Bans or girl hating military dictatorships (many of which would collapse over a long weekend sans foreign aid) to put it simply.
Blood has a short shelf-life, and cannot be stored up for disasters. The best way to be prepared for both every day need and unexpected events is to reach out to donors and find a way to engage more of the public in regular blood donation.
Sean’s conclusions are two:
12:47 - Call Amy
When Connie said "Should we call poison control", my heart skipped a beat, until she described to me what had happened. Poor Lia Faith. Though it probably increased the protein in her diet, I'm not sure she appreciated the taste of the dog food Lily Grace fed her as a treat for good behavior! Lily even had the dog food in a nice LinZDru's bag for effect. We're not sure how many morsels were consumed by the two little monkeys! Lily Grace says she didn't have any. She only gave them to Lia for good behavior. Lia had no comment. All she could say was "Yo Molly!" (Molly is our golden retriever).
“Oh, we just saw this bird in the tree,” my husband said by way of explanation.
Here is the text I received this evening. I am thinking that as our son texted, after he typed in all the ingredients for the chili, he started talking to his brother about what else they wanted me to buy. Failed nutritionist that I am, I bought them everything on their list. (I find it amusing/outrageous that Kellogg's Corn Pops has FIBER in great big letters on its box when a cup has only 2.9 grams of fiber)
2. Only 2 entries per participant per week.
If you pull out grass by roots, it will never grow back and there will be a bald spot in the yard forever.
This is the first time I have played with one of Anna Marine's images from sweetpea stamps and I love it. It is called pumpkin queen. I thought it might be a bit hard using my promarkers for the little details, but it was no problem at all. I put all focus to decorate the image to make it really stand out and left everything else quite simple and in the background.
Theres also a little photo of my sister, Pootle and I, that has been hanging about (not literally on a wall unfortunately), waiting to be made use of. Unfortunately it was printed on regular paper, and was a4 size, and the original print hasn't been seen for a while. It deserved a frame of its own, and something special. I fiddled about with some watercolours and pen, and came up with this. Its one of a kind!
Samsung was also offered a royalty license during negotiations with Apple in November 2010, the ruling says, five months before Apple wound up suing Samsung in the United States.
Beans -1/2 cup
None of my friends in school really liked me. There were times when I had genuine connections with individual girls. L and I met it 4th grade; she was shy, and I welcomed her. We fit.
They must be off playing golf with the God of Abraham and his son Jesus Christ.
Who were they waiting for anyway, and would he kill me if I interceded into his demise? Maybe he’d follow me and rob me for drug money? Maybe she’d spit at me for daring to assume they were doing anything but being just fine, thank you.
Stuff the pesto-potato mixture into 4 of the skins. Serve while hot.
All encompassing
Am I asking too much of love?
"The EFA arguably started out with good intentions but those became overwhelmed by the impracticalities of the legislation," he said on Radio New Zealand.
Scarves
Lately, I feel as if I have been collecting randomly interesting experiences, which I tuck away for future reference, hoping that, with a little effort, they might turn into full-blown musings in this column.
I did go in a few Halloween stores looking for accessories and did find them to be creepy and sleezy and overall full of a very "dark feeling". Lesson learned, stay out of the Halloween stores, make fun homemade costumes, enjoy seeing neighbors and take lots of pictures!
I want to believe that the world is beautiful. But wait a minute, something is going wrong now! Type in any search engine and you will find breaking news like some of what i saw in the picture below!
At the other end, we have the custom of ‘visiting’ an ailing person.
Title: Imortal
power for the oppressed
2. Ewww, grosse, I can see your knickers.
This article is based upon a reply to a paper published in 2006 by Reid and Edwards in this journal. I found the article difficult to follow as it moved around building an argument contrary to Reid and Edwards in a muddled and superficial way. The article draws on research in social work education, however it is presented in a journalistic style with embellishments but little substance or depth. These soundbites use American slang words for example, ‘they may publish better stuff’ page 9 – also ‘Given a candy store’ page 11. ‘there are multiple galaxies within the mental health universe’ The paper is littered with generalisations and rhetoric which downplay and obscure its possibilities for publication.
banana blossom
The steadfast Scots are deploying in front of the beach. They got news of the viking invasion and came from every coast settlement nearby. They form their schiltrons and prepare to throw the norsemen back to the sea.
So overall, I suspect Animee will go the same way as all other attempts to market a beer specifically for women. But I hope Molson Coors don't give up. I hope they will try some different strategies. And I hope other big brewers will follow their example. I also hope they will read the comments from the many women responding to Melissa's and Sophie's pieces saying there are beers for women, in the shape of cask ale. And I also hope they will look very closely at this:
In the first of three posts, I discussed two of the most significant life lessons I’ve learned from the likes of Jesus, the Buddha, Lao-Tzu and many current spiritual masters or practitioners of higher states of consciousness, such as Wayne Dyer, Eckhart Tolle, Ram Dass, Thich Nhat Hanh, Deepak Chopra and the Dalai Lama.
I wanted to make my daughter a Butterfly Birthday cake before she is too old for butterflies! She invited about 50 friends from school and her dance studio and the kids all had a ball.
Anyway, we were sitting right at the bottom of the stairs where everyone was walking up. Tattoos are definitely a defining statement of the 20 somethings. They were everywhere and seemingly on everyone. There were enough sleeves to make tank tops an oxymoron. And since the size of the dresses was little more than the size of my laptop monitor, there was a lot of skin showing. Watching the little dresses go up the stairs was highly entertaining. Not that I could really see anything. Every time a set of cheeks was headed up the stairs, a bunch of guys were going up the stairs, too. It was like magic. And it is way funny to watch the guys in my age range, geezer launching pad, busy cheek chasing. I'm pretty sure when I was 23 that a guy in his 40s and 50s would not have even registered on my radar.
This was my first Z-card and it was so much fun.
Thank you all so much for stopping in this evening! Until the next
Looking at this spread, I’m not impressed. A bar of soap, packets of shampoo, and a tiny sample of cologne… By the way, isn’t cologne supposed to be for men? Why is it in my Glymm Box? As the “bonus 5th item”, there is a NuMe $100 gift certificate towards professional styling tools and hair extensions for their website. Considering I was not impressed at all with the NuMe hair extensions in last month’s Glymm Box, as well as the fact that I still didn’t feel any urge to try them a month later, I’m not dancing for joy over this “gift certificate”. I will check it out just so I can tell you about it later.
I am thankful for my family. Stephanie and I are very blessed in that both sets of parents are still with us, and that both families are complete. The marriages of our parents light our paths and show us what it means to love each other regardless of the circumstances we find ourselves in. They have offered tearful encouragement when I’ve been so weak and overcome that I can’t pick myself up off the floor, and they shared the joy and praised God alongside us when we experience victories. Our siblings are never further than a phone call away, and have been our emotional stronghold through the past several months. Levi’s network of grandparents, aunts, uncles, and cousins love him like their own, and are some of the fiercest prayer warriors I have ever met.
Continental Breakfast
30 Minute Walk/Jog/Hike (forget the distance and HR…find a rhythm and do it)
What a bullshit cop-out. So Yuno is alive and coming back to him or something at the end there? What the fuck? Is that a sequel or hook or something? All that did was raise a rather terrible question right at the end. Ugh. But on the whole, the ending wasn’t actually hilariously bad or anything, just very ‘meh’.
THE MONOCHROME SET
*hammer and nail
The mob which made the attack on Michael Davidson had been patrolling the area in a motor vehicle just looking for BNP activists to beat up. Whether this particular patrol was initiated by some far-left group or in quarters elsewhere we will probably never know. The other two attacks - in particular the one on Michael Newland - had something about them suggestive of origins higher up. In the Newland attack the men had with them a motor van with a painted sign indicating their 'pest control' function. They were wearing overalls of a style which tended to back up this pretence. The incident had the flavour of professionalism. Yet the men's voices just did not seem to the victim like those of either normal left-wing militants or hired thugs. Also of interest was the complete ineffectiveness of the ensuing investigation. Did people in high places order this attack, and did they then ensure that the attackers would not be brought to justice? Again, we will probably never know, but other experiences of ours, which I shall duly relate, give grounds for thinking that these are not mere paranoid fantasies.
i could have forgiven the circles and stars
It's become more about the craft, more about story itself. And isn't that really what it's all about anyway?
an offer to license Motorola Mobility's SEPs, subject to certain conditions, and (b)
Can you even believe this is the same space? Wow. I’m always amazed at the power of paint – by lightening her walls and cabinets, the entire room is so much brighter!
Since it was too hot for the gym today, I think I will go tomorrow after the sun sets!! That way when I get out of the gym the weather will be perfect!! Right now it’s not cold, or hot outside…it’s springtime at night lol
These two riots were significant in America because they showed that Blacks were clearly pursuing their own version of the American dream and that they were more than willing to protect it, even though white racist terrorists were invading their areas.
Two weeks expired. Two weeks of worry, in which I could see my whole life going down the crapper, just because I dared to speak my mind and do the right thing.
Employees would be better off with reform because it reduces stress, increases job satisfaction, allows workers to transition between jobs better and improves employee-employer relationships. As employees would not be tied to a job because of the benefits, they are less likely to stay on at a job they dislike. On average, this should translate to higher job satisfaction. Furthermore, job mobility would be improved as employees do not have to worry about gaps in insurance coverage or the costs and hassles involved with switching providers. Making moves easier is especially important these days as people are changing jobs much more often than they did before. Reform means that when employees lose their jobs, they don’t also have the stress associated with losing health coverage for themselves and their family. Employee-employer relationships would improve significantly if the most contentious issues were removed from the relationship. What more, this would hold true weather employee-employer relationships were handled individually or thru unions.
It’s not my fault that you failed at the relationship. Why persecute me for your inability to see when you f*d up. Someone cheated on you because you failed as a partner. Face it. You were absent in the relationship and expecting that someone who was present was going to accept your absence. Maybe I was the dumbass for dating you, but I didn’t do it to you. It’s not my fault you couldn’t recognize kindness, love, genuine emotion, honesty, and concern.
So enough about all of that and back to what makes this film so damn good: the performances and the editing. I'll start with the performances, all of which will certainly garner plenty of Oscar nominations when the time comes. Hutcherson and Wasikowska are excellent as the confused kids who try to navigate their way through the typical murky waters of adolescence. Joni thinks she knows what she wants, but as we come to find out (thanks to the interjection of Paul's "philosophies") we see that she is really just doing what Nic wants. Laser is more confused, and Hutcherson plays that confusion perfectly. We have to infer a lot about Laser since a lot of what he's feeling is non-verbal, and Cholodenko and her crew aren't interested in explaining away emotions with needless exposition, and Hutcherson does a great job with the non-verbal acting without looking like he's mugging for the camera. There's a great scene where he goes toe-to-toe with Ruffalo where they have a discussion about team sports, and the young actor hold his own in the scene (even if it is totally Ruffalo's scene) with his hilarious reaction shots. What I like about their characters is that they act like teenagers; they stay in the periphery and in the background a lot, saying about as much as you would expect a 15 and 18 year old to say. The real stars here, though, are the adults. Bening is Bening and continues to remind everyone who sees her films that she is one of the ten best actresses working today. Julianne Moore is always fantastic, and here she is perfect as the neglected Jules, a woman who isn't sure what her path in life looks like and is in desperate need for her life to be shaken up. This is what attracts her most to Paul; not that he's a man and that she's getting something from him that she's not getting from Nic (although in one of their fights, this is what Nic accuses Jules of, and her response is poingant and heartbreaking and brilliantly delivered by Moore), but that he's a dreamer, too, and that he listens to her and encourages her. It doesn't even matter that Paul's encouragement may be motivated by sex, and it may not even matter that Paul's encouragement his basically the same stuff he's been spouting since his Philosophy 101 days before he dropped out of college (his first conversation with Nic and Jules about high education is one of the film's highlights).It's simply that his attitude, his presence and aura are so much different than Nic's that she can't help but want to gravitate towards that. It's all explained, in a sense, near the end in a brief monlogue delivered by Moore that is absolutley heartbeaking. It's a powerful moment, and I was surpirsed that the cynic inside me was compleleyt melted dueing that moment, and I have to give all the credit to the way Moore delivers that speech (not to mention Bening's reaction).
These beautiful ones
Of the three bottles I altered this weekend, this one is my favorite. I plan to use this in our master bathroom. The decoration on this bottle are from wild orchid crafts, my bead stash, the dollar tree, and some of my stash I already had on hand.
were dear to her
When holidays or special occasions roll around, finding the perfect dress or outfit is always a high priority for me. For Christmas, Easter, Weddings - there are a lot of options out there as to where to shop. I always struggle with wanting high quality for a low cost.
According to his smiley teacher, Lucien is doing fine in school. Lucien, however, claims he's vomited ten times, was bitten by a giant spider, and has gotten into many fights with many people, at least one of which involved real swords. Jesus Lord.
I hate doing nothing, I have never been good at it. I actually err on the side of offending, because I hate feeling helpless.
First of all, I would like to thank the user thechroniclesofnyla for suggesting I write about this subject. It means a lot to me when I find out that people are reading this blog and if anyone else want’s me to talk about something, then please comment on my last post.
SARAH: Don't stop! Oh God OH MY GOOD FUCKING GOD YES! YES! YEEEEEESSSSS!
Potential Means of reducing the disadvantages of Floor Area Ratio Controls
People ask us a lot what it was like when we first received Jacob. It's interesting, because I remember not feeling as though it was real. Even looking back at some of the first blogs after we got home, I said that it was finally sinking in. I honestly think that it is STILL sinking in. When we first received Jacob, I think we were all in shock! Pictures of Jacob during that first meeting and for the first while show him like a dear in headlights. Our first encounter was magical, but not fairy tale. We didn't know what to do... and it's not like you can plan ahead. We didn't want to pick him up right away because we didn't want to scare him. Our first meeting of Jacob, as I look back was beautiful. But at the time, it definitely didn't FEEL like we were parents. It felt like we were babysitting; like someone was going to come and pick him up soon.
St. Moritz Self Tanning Mousse
THANK YOU, The Great Stop Motion Team!
Responses from Socialist Unity readers...
I'm standing at the foot of the mountain and watching it crumble before the Lord. I love to share these stories with you. I love to tell you of people who have given sacrificially. I don't know the details of today's story. Yesterday, we had an anonymous donation of $1455 (really $1500, but 3% of any donation over $500 goes to Reece's Rainbow to offset Paypal expenses). Did you read that?
I'd say... letting your customers down. That's my biggest fear. I don't want to disappoint people.
dead or furrow new seeds.
Whose? We don’t know.
Father, we pray for increase anointing for Your son Pastor and Pastor (Mrs) Enoch Adeboye ( The General Overseer Redeemed Christian Church of God Worldwide, the AGO, all special assistances, elders, regional evangelists, pastors-in-charge-of -provinces, all ministers and members of R.C.C.G Worldwide so that Your Name will forever be glorified. Help every minister to minister in Spirit and in Truth. Lord, make them to stand forever in Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!
Remember I ran off last week to go meet my buddy? I made that comment after writing about how I only wanted to be with people who wanted to be with me. I’m closing with a picture of that meeting so you can see how being with people who want to be with you (that you want to be with) can be such a happy experience for the two of you. I really missed you Joan Diamond!
7. Date night tonight!
5cm piece galangal, finely chopped (or tinned)
Along with the hat, I knit up some quick matching baby mitts out of another fabulous children's knitting book, 60 Quick Baby Knits. This book has tons of great practical baby patterns all knit from Cascade 220 yarn.. the perfect worsted weight.
study, with investments in
The Texas congressman holds a lead among younger voters, some of whom cite his skepticism of U.S. military action and opposition to federal marijuana laws. Mr. Paul is also drawing a share of fiscal conservatives due to his longstanding call for smaller government. And with his call to "end the Fed," he is attracting voters who are wary of the Federal Reserve and Wall Street.
You just had to bring back your coconut flavoring, didn't you? It is a weakness of mine and I can already see the money leaving my wallet before it's there. Wait, maybe that was Kendra?!
Needless to say, there were many many forces ranged against the three young white men charged with rape, and all those forces were desperate for them to be guilty, or at least, for them to be convicted. Indeed, for very, very many of those forces, the young men's guilt or innocence, was of less importance than the symbolism of a conviction. The attitude of many was summed up by one North Carolina Central University student who commented "whether it happened or not. It would be justice for things that happened in the past."
The remainder of the R610-million was fleeced by officials in national government.
lastly: what can build our character
This is first in a series. I think I'm on a quest to find the next! Will it follow Matthew and Joseph into war? Their feisty sister Judith on the home front? I don't know -- but I'm eager to find out.
Hirunika Premachandra had lodged a complaint with the police after the newspaper article was published. (Colombo Gazette)
Tonight marks the first night of the NBA’s All-Star Weekend. The Sixers are currently 27-29 and sit in the 7th seed in the Eastern Conference. Sure, that record is by no means a phenomenal one…or is it? Consider this: last season the Sixers went 27-55. Notice any similarities? The 27 wins of course, however, this season the 27 wins came before the All-Star break as opposed to on the last day of the season.
She is SO excited to go to girls camp this year. Poston Jr. High. And all the other exciting things that come with the teenage years. It's hard not to join her in the excitement! But I see all the little girl things of days gone by and I miss them.
Farmers appear to have no qualms about attacking the government, but the raised fist turns into a cat's paw when the time comes to criticise their largest customers, the retail giants.
