The man said, 'Build me a bridge to Hawaii, so I can drive over anytime I want to."
The beast growled, as I turned her around,
The Boy Genius Report (BGR) a blog founded by Jonathan S Geller was exposed yesterday as nothing but an immature blog with nothing constructive to offer. Geller apparently went on a twitter rant because he was not given the Blackberry Alpha Device.
A friend of mine posted a thought provoking picture on Facebook which got me thinking about how far one can go expressing one’s views before the PC Police step in and tell you that the line has been crossed.
It’s the performance of Oswalt alone that prevents me from placing it in the last group…
All are welcome to try their hand at fencing this weekend! Patrons can participate in the 3rd Annual Imperial Florida State Fencing Competition. Anyone who wants to join this competition is encouraged to sign up. The competition is split up into two categories; 0-1 years fencing experience and 1+ years fencing experience. Registration is available online as well as from 10am—1pm at the front gate for a fee of $10. Every registrant will receive one free ticket to the festival!
But some donors have business links to the city - raising eyebrows among good-government groups, since the mayor has called for strict curbs on donations from city contractors to candidates in the campaign-finance program.
It worked too, as the bike fired right up, held an idle, and even held a nice low rpm idle with no choke after it warmed up. It takes throttle well too. So of course, I grabbed my helmet and realized I was going to actually ride Salty for the first time. I was never able to get it running well enough to want to try.
The mother implies, “These screwy, mixed-up, quack-o therapists my daughter sees…….(eyes rolling)”
I have started pinning images for Ella's birthday. I love planning fun home parties with a theme. This layout shows a highlight of Nathan's last party...these cardboard cars. His face kinda sums it up:
As a side note, an investigation into PP's legal defense arm would no doubt be enlightening, too. How many of those underaged girls seeking judicial bypass for abortions are being molested or victimized in some way, and how many are getting the help they need - and I don't mean an abortion.
“That was stupid of me,” Hannah muttered as she joined Micah at the tree.
Tenderstem broccoli, chopped
That the film works in real time is a stroke of genius, and elevates the film to the status of classic in the genre of conceptual film precisely because of the clarity and elegance. No doubt it would be remarkable to sit through 24 hours of a virtual world. An instance where the artist might seem to have penetrated the viewer's psyche and be narrating our inner lives...for surely many of the images and embedded emotions that accompany them, will look and feel very familiar. Take for example, an earlier piece of Marclay's that features telephones. You can watch this one in under 10 minutes and I think get a good sense of what is possible with this kind of archival gleaning.
Be sure to check out the full post to find out more about honorable mentions, reasons for establishing these categories, and gorgeous images from the films.
When A Girl in Every Port premiered in February of 1928 at the massive Roxy Theater in New York City, it played to a packed house. At the time, advertisements placed by Fox claimed the film set a “New House Record – and a World Record – with Daily Receipts on February 22nd of $29,463.” Considering admission was likely less than a dollar, that’s a lot of movie-goers in a single day – then or now.
Today we took the car in the other direction for about 20 minutes to arrive at Bosham (pronounced Bozam). This is one of the prettiest villages on the waterfront around here and is situated within the huge expanse of Chichester Harbour. Bosham is well known for its road and car park being flooded twice a day when the tide comes in. Visitors are well advised not to forget they have parked their car at the waterfront! It’s a local sport to watch and wait to see whether all the cars are retrieved in time – quite often the rewards are worth the wait!
Off to help the kids begin photocopying their comic book creations for the Craft and Bake Sale (next Monday), blend up some smoothies and meet up with friends for Ultimate. Then those sliders and sweet potato fries which did not get made last night, folding laundry, packing, planning and preparing road food, and putting the finishing touches on the weekend's itinerary.
In the last bar tale I confessed to the fact I'm a beer snob. But if I'm going to tell the complete truth I must admit my first attempts to become a beer drinker were met with shuddering frowns. I hated the taste of beer early on so my first alcoholic beverage of choice was rum. Here is the tale behind my first rum and coke. Which I might add came in a place that has seen more beating, stabbings, and booty plundering than the deck of a pirate ship.
The cookies will be made in shades of purple, pink and red for Valentine's day. Available with or without sprinkles.
20.If you were to die and come back as a person or a thing, what would it be?
The performances by Dunst and Gainsborough complement each other so beautifully that it's difficult to consider one without the other. Claire is the sensible one, the caretaker firmly grounded in reality. But, while Justine is flaky and the less dependable of the two, she's not necessarily "weaker;" her strengths just aren't terribly compatible with life as we know it. She's perfectly suited to deal with a reality in which Earth is on the verge of destruction, whereas Claire can't bring herself to accept it. Towards the end of the film, in what is perhaps its best scene, the sisters have a frank conversation about what will happen, in which Justince demonstrates that she's made peace with their fate and calmly lays out the things she knows to be true (such as that Earth will not be missed and that life on Earth is evil), while Claire demonstrates her inability to wrap her head around the planet's imminent destruction, asking simply where her son, Leo, will grow up. Claire's unwillingness to accept the truth (going so far as to attempt to run away from the estate, as if that might solve the problem) forces Justine to take charge and the transition occurs so smoothly that it's barely noticeable.
First, Smulders is perfectly fine as Maria Hill. Second, the role of Maria Hill in AVENGERS is to serve as Fury’s right hand woman on the Helicarrier, an equivalent to Agent Coulson’s role out in the real world. Hill basically exists because there’s a few scenes where the film needs someone from SHIELD to do something, so why not have it all be the same person? And if they’re all going to be the same person, why not have it be Maria Hill? And if it’s going to be Hill, why not have it be Cobie Smulders? It all works for me.
Working through Coltrane’s catalogue I then branched out into other musicians from the same era (and just before). There were many whose work I enjoyed: Coleman Hawkins; Dexter Gordon; Chet Baker; Cannonball Adderley; Bill Evans. I started reading about the characters. I then came across a book, But Beautiful by Geoff Dyer. If you like jazz (whatever era) and you’ve not read this do yourself a favour and order it before reading on. Dyer imagines scenes from the lives of various musicians, held together with an over arching narrative based on Ellington. The book is being reprinted this year. At its end it contains an essay, and some recommended listening. The essay is provocative (some digs at the Wynton Marsalis view of jazz (which I have some sympathy with, despite having attended a couple of fantastic concerts by Marsalis and his Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra with some star solos by Joe Temperley) and praised some of the European jazz – particularly from the nordic area. The essay was preaching to the converted in some ways. Following up the musicians who’d played with Miles Davis I came across Keith Jarrett, and from Jarrett, ECM. The bulk of my CD collection now (aside from Doctor Who audio adventures, and box sets of radio comedies) is from ECM.
“How can a man once grown old be born again?
Thank you for your support and particularly your efforts to promote books by and about people of color, Cynthia!
After all, one plans on having this animal for it's lifetime and build a great bond and possibly achieve great heights in sport, or just have a safe family horse that anyone can safely ride or drive. Why should training take 30 days...or 3 months? It is a process that lasts a lifetime. The horse deserves a good foundation.
Special loving thanks go to Dan Schwab and Diann Grimm in Richmond, CA. They raised him as a guide dog puppy and continued to love him and stay in connection through John's illness, even keeping him in grand style while John had his bone marrow transplant.
Starts another round
Today has not been very creatively inspirational, so I will leave with you these few thoughts and release you to continue your day’s journey.
“In those days the disc jockeys would not play a record over three minutes long. So Kapp asked if I could play the thirds a little faster. I did and it came in at two minutes and 59 seconds,” Williams said, according to Wilcox.
As your child is learning the numbers, be sure to point them out when you see them in day-to-day life. Point to and identify numbers in a recipe, on a sign, in a book, at the store, or write them yourself!
I cannot thank you (and you know who you are) for all the kind words, encouraging hugs... my heart is filled to the brim for each of you... especially knowing that this is not goodbye, it's the next phase!
Seeing as how there were no guarantees that the visa would be issued, but it usually was, it was a fretful day, to say the least. But at 5:30, they called my name and handed me back my passport with a freshly minted 6 month tourist visa to India. Big BIG Kudos to the people who work at their NY office. These guys and gals from the security guard at the street door to the process clerks to the managers made this process as smooth and painless as possible. You guys RAWKED.
"Hey!"
· UP TO $2,000,000 FOR BUSINESSES AND NON-PROFITS*
So come back tomorrow and the rest of the week as we delve into an amateur’s version of Potty Training 101!
Just Leave it Behind.
And as a fan, I've noticed a few things over the years (read: decades).
When a warring jungle tribe ransacks the village and kidnaps her, separating her from her parents, she is forced to live as a slave. And she begins a journey that will culminate in the meeting of a handsome and kind steward named Joseph.
Pat Cadigan – Funny Things
On the day when Allah restores them all to life, they will swear to Him as they now swear to you, thinking that their oaths will help them. Surely they are liars all.
Fri 28 @ Harpa - Reykjavík Concert Hall
It sure is nice not being the youngest in the office anymore.
When the pattern first came out, I didn't even really consider it. Don't get me wrong...it's a beautiful FO, but it isn't exactly a "do it in a weekend" type of knit. You need close to 400 of these little buggers to make a decent throw. I just couldn't see taking on a project like that. I know me and how I get all, "ooh, look! shiny!", with a new pattern and completely forget about what I've already got on the needles.
it be that Clarke and Sheffield and Artsutanov had a prescient dream that might come true o n my 100th birthday, perhaps soon enough for me to take a comfy orbital elevator car ride, gentle enough for brittle centenarian bones? You gotta hope and believe that a confluence of technologies may arrive, as part of a "good singularity" wave.
MS: We were satisfied with the sound of the word and its meaning and look.
Eat it, pride.
Memeoirs: your emails in a book. Seriously? Yes, no joke.
-Every morning you wait at the door to wave goodbye to the school bus that has none of your own children on it and wait at the same door that afternoon for that same school bus to come back so you can wave hi to all the kids as they get off
So, this past weekend we were at an out of town hockey tournament with Drew's team. Tyler is still home from college and so him and Jake were home while Pete, Drew and I were at a hotel.
It's very cool to see "my boy" getting the recognition he deserves. :-)
Now I'm a firm believer in doing whatever you want and I know it's good for the economy but I really don't like this trend.
Made in the U.S.A
For my initial post about the seafood show, I wanted to present Ten Things You Should Know about the show, to give you a much better picture of its scope and diversity, and maybe motivate you to check it out.
I realize it's been a long time since I posted anything. I've had writer's block something fierce. In the meantime, just to give you an idea of what I've been up to, this is a list of the films I've watched in 2010, as part of my New Year's Resolution to watch all the films I've bought (some were gifts, promotional materials from work, or whatever) but never watched. I started out with 465 films in my to-watch pile. As of February 2nd, I've added 9 more. This basically means that as of this posting, I've watched 107 films from a total of 474 that I need to watch, leaving me with 367 still to watch this year, plus whatever I buy to add to that. (Which probably won't be very many as it stands right now because I lose my job next month.)
Crimm did not believe in conversion by the sword. His tool of choice was the six-gun. He often laid a pistol on the pulpit prior to his preaching. After the introductory formalities and song service, he was known to grab the gun, fire a few shots into the air right through the top of the tent, and by this act let the folks know that what was to follow was serious business. It kept his tent man, Charlie Rogers, busy repairing the holes. Rogers got so good at patching these holes that after Crimm died he segued into the manufacture of tents, the Aquila and Priscilla Tent Company in Waco, Texas. All of this from just a few comparatively harmless bullet holes out of one B. B. gun – probably a Colt .45.
Paris-based historian Maurice Andreu spoke on the life of Eugen Varga, a Communist economist who submitted to the requirements of Stalinism, but whose often original ideas landed him in trouble with the Soviet party leadership. Florian Wilde and British historian Ian Birchall noted how almost the entire early leadership of the German and French Communist parties, respectively, left these movements before or during the rise of Stalinism: proof that the nature of these parties changed fundamentally during this transition.
Or maybe we subscribe to the pie chart theory and say ‘God really needs to be a greater percentage of my life.’
They offer instead a striking diagnosis: some governments get it wrong on purpose. Amid weak and accommodating institutions, there is little to discourage a leader from looting. Such environments channel society’s output towards a parasitic elite, discouraging investment and innovation. Extractive institutions are the historical norm. Inclusive institutions protect individual rights and encourage investment and effort. Where inclusive governments emerge, great wealth follows.
"Narnia for atheists" indeed. One of the later posters linked to my critique of Agora's history. That was nice of them, but I suspect it was a bit late - most of the "sceptics" had digested their serving of "history by a scientist" and moved on, prejudices confirmed and myths reinforced. Unfortunately this junk is what passes for "rationalism" on the internet. Sometimes this rationalist truly despairs.
Well, that’s our news for this week. Thanks for tuning in, subscribing, rating 5 stars, liking, commenting, and re-blogging for me! Now if you’ll excuse me, I have some pondering about the next Bone series to do, and I need full isolation and solitude, thank you very much.
of cops: An hour there to sleep perchance
I'm wearing leaf earrings, my tooled leather belt, a brass bracelet and a leather wrap bracelet.
I've been trying to avoid using photoshop. :( I have salon-pas on my wrist and lower arm now. I've never had carpal tunnel pains that lasted for more than a day so I'm a little worried!
Bullying, a form of violence most often found among children and youth, is a means of using power and aggression in order to serve as control over someone or to cause distress to someone (Lamb et. al., 2009). It happens at home, in school, in sports, in recreational activities, in neighbourhoods, and in other community settings (Lamb et. al., 2009). Most recently, as we enter the more technologically advanced era, bullying happens on the Internet. Research suggests that unhealthy relationships are the root of unhealthy behaviour in children which leads to bullying and violence. One way of addressing this issue, as Pepler and Craig suggest, is by promoting healthy relationships (2011).
Pulling the book off of the shelf, a couple of photos and postcards flutter to the floor. The masking tape holding the mementos in place is starting to crumble and the picture of me sitting on a burro in Spain is mingled amongst the snapshots of our cheap hotel (and all of our hotels were cheap!) in Amsterdam. Flipping through the Paris pages, I see that they are largely intact, unlike Jim's grave. And there it is - the photo of the white marble bust with offerings of red roses and white chrysanthemums. The headstone and the flowers are wet, so my memories of trekking to Pere Lachaise in the cold rain weren't wrong. Further evidence of the cool temperatures can be found in a photo of me strolling through the Tuileries Garden while wearing the wool jacket that I had to use some of my meagre savings to buy in Norway. Travelling from Memphis, Tennessee, I had no idea that Europe wouldn't be hot and humid in June and July.
A gang of anarchists arrested for allegedly plotting to blow up a Cleveland, Ohio bridge also talked about attacking an upcoming NATO summit in Chicago and this summer’s Republican National Convention in Florida, according to authorities.
I made a few more small batches and started experimenting with recipes. This time when something did not work out, the Internet was there to help me. I could ask in any number of forums, populated by experienced and dedicated brewers, what went wrong. If it had this smell, or this flavor, or this floating thing, what did it mean? If I wanted a certain flavor, color, aroma, or mouthfeel, how could I get it? I started to learn and I loved it.
Amber Carson of Lancaster, Pennsylvania because a jury ordered a Philadelphia restaurant to pay her $113,500 after she slipped on a spilled soft drink and broke her tailbone. The reason the soft drink was on the floor: Ms. Carson had thrown it at her boyfriend 30 seconds earlier during an argument. What ever happened to people being responsible for their own actions?
Guest stars included Hawk Girl, Hawkman, Rima the Jungle Girl, Apache Chief, Black Vulcan and Super Boy.
An abbreviation is any shortening of a word or phrase – eg, Mr, km, TV, NATO Initialisms are abbreviations made up of the initial letters of words in a name or title – CIA, HIV …
So far in this one feature review I've mentioned a candy bar named for a dance but how else might a candy bar get its name? If you believe some sources on the Net, the Snickers was named for a favorite horse of the Mars family back in 1930. Snickers claims to be the most popular candy bar in the world though how that claim is backed I'm unsure -- by the dollar amount or the number of bars? This is a 4.25 X 1.25 X 0.75 inch bars covered in milk chocolate made with chocolate and cocoa butter but also some added oils and extras for the nougat that is one inside layer with the peanuts covered in this corn syrup rich caramel as the other half of the inside. Chewy, sticky, and crunchy, you can taste a very creamy and sugary chocolate at first but it is quickly overpowered. I'd put this in a peanut lover's box over a chocolate lover's one personally.
-Fancy sandwiches for dinner
Come on, girl. You’ve seen me wash your stuff. Put your stuff away. And you don’t do mine?
Follow on! Till the Grail sun sets in the mould.
Well, most often the answer to it all is ‘No. Yes. Sometimes’. Some days I actually do marvel at the beauty of the rain, the flutter of a butterfly’s wings or the smell of summer at the beach, but there is still a great deal of pain, anger and resentment that can easily wash into almost any picture of serenity.
I've gone to some AA meetings but I definitely need to start going to more.
Trevor and Jenny objected that that was just realistic: in real life everyone does end up dead! I said, but we don't all die with a sense of our lives wasted! Jenny said that she thought that a lot of people did reach the ends of their lives with a sense of waste, and she and Trevor said, and most people end up being forgotten. I said, But surely the point of the novel (as an art form) is to transcend that, to give significance to lives. Trevor said it's one point, but I said no, actually, it's the point. Even in life, we see significance in the lives of others even if they die not seeing it themselves, and the point of the novel surely is to focus significance and meaning. But somehow, to me, this novel fails to do that. In fact, as Jo pointed out, not all of the characters in this book feel that their lives were wasted. Daughter Mernelle and her husband Ray are saved by their marriage, and mother Jewell is basically emancipated by the events, yet there is something about the perspective of the novel which makes their lives seem wasted.
I’ll keep one tie and donate the other to the 2013 silent auction of the American Copy Editors Society. You’ll have to be at the conference in St. Louis to bid on it — or you could stop by the Nasher now and pick up one of the few left.
Found that out when my boyfriend knocked it out.
He was rallying a crowd in the state of Pennsylvania where he was turned out of office six years ago by the largest margin (59-41 percent) ever for a sitting Senator in that state.
Feeling tired gives Al time to think of ways to mock me, and also to develop his theories. Because he has lots of theories. About life. About burritos. About my clothing. Yes, I have the great good fortune of receiving my buddy Al's thoughts on everything, up to and including my wardrobe. He's thoughtful like that.
And so my mind begins to memorize
(AND SO IT BEGINS)
The second card in my 'Same But Different", is the 'Dress Form Collage". As I said yesterday, these papers are so pretty, I am letting them do alot of the work on these cards. Here is the pic.
Happy Thursday all!**
Is that border magical?
Craig Brass (Grandson of Dorothy Brass of Low Row) who works with NextGenUs reminded us that the service would be future-proof, the same fibre could deliver 1 Gbps service if people wanted to upgrade. He clarified the distinction between domestic and business premises (cottage businesses get the same terms as homes because they serve as homes) reiterated his offer of free service to our village halls and offered our school 100 Mbps fibre to the premises for the same price that they’re currently paying for about 10Mbps on copper wires.
Upon all folks in sight
supercooled clouds; sometimes they assume a form of a perfect circle and persist
The truth is many orchids have died in my hands.
Mickey Hoffman is the author of the Kendra Desola mystery novels, School of Lies and Deadly Traffic, published by Second Wind Publishing, LLC. Please check out her website at www.mickeyhoffman.com
The villagers, mostly from Kota Marudu, opened up the land for farming in the Tangkarason in 1989 and in Koiboton soon after and later applied for land titles.
Where are you from, originally?
Also these scientific journals mention high levels of UV-B radiation impacting wide areas across the United States. This type of radiation can also impact tree health, growth rates, and stress trees in other ways. NOAA/National Weather Service puts current UV index Forecasts on its websites. The UV exposure level is increasing throughout the United States. Could jet fuel emissions, and chemtrail sprays containing arsenic, barium, cadmium, zinc, lead, copper, and aluminum and which also contain nitric acid that depletes beneficial ozone in our atmosphere, be one of the major culprits in this increase in UV radiation reaching earth? These substance’s have been found in some states in the west watersheds, Idaho’s no doubt as well. These items are extremely toxic to our trees. I’ve noticed less wild dandelions and grasses in some places also, whose roots are deep and bring up essential nutrients to the surface which feed other plant and vegetation around our high basins.
What surprised you about blogging when you first started?
On the bike for gear:
The third School for Brides Regency romance (see An Accidental Courtesan) nicely sets the time and place mostly through how much power a male exerts over a female. The heroine is a courageous person who suffered terrible abuse, but never lost her spirit; while the lead male is a strong person. Although the killer gets in and out of secure places too easily and two early major coincidences involving random encounters seem improbable, fans will appreciate this investigative historical thriller.
But his books have elements of classical Greek tragedy as well. His heroes are flawed characters who have to learn painful lessons -- they undergo what Aristotle called anagnorisis, or "a change from ignorance to knowledge."
From that shining beginning she has been performing almost non-stop. Her international vaudeville circuit tours eventually landed her roles on Broadway and in London’sWest End. Some of the many plays and musicals she’s starred in include “Angel Food Cake,” “Cigarette Girl,” “Never Enough,” “Shangri-La La,” “Mr. Medicine, Mrs. Manners,” “Man Overboard!,” “Goodnight Havana,” “110%,” and Neil Simon’s “Shanks For The Memories.” Working with such directors as Bob Fosse, Elia Kazan and Harold Prince Ms. Nast originated stage roles in “Arms to Hold You With,” Irving Berlin’s “Me and You Makes Three,” Stephen Sondheim’s “Vamp and Vampires,” Andrew Lloyd Weber’s “Imelda,” and Elton John and Tim Rice’s “Agrippina.”
Well, editor is a term I'm using loosely...since I'm referring to myself! But I guess in the sense of this blog, I am the editor. Editor In Chief, actually! Someone make me a name plate!
I was energized…could’ve come out in a Gatorade commercial. I laced up my New Balance and worked out every day, making up for my minor set back a couple of weeks ago. And then the weekend hit…and it was over. No workouts squeezed in the early mornings or late evenings. It was a rough one, two kid parties, massive fruit roll-ups, and cake. Not just any cake…red velvet cake. Do you know how much butter is in that? Ooohhhhhhhhhh. Butter.
You’d think with all the plows on the road it wouldn’t be a problem. But I noticed that most of the trucks with plows don’t even seem to use them. They just hang there, a foot off the pavement.
On the return leg had to avoid many many drunk and foolish people to hang around for my bus along to home. Not a pretty spectacle. Erin asked me if I was alright? I said yeah…
You can also do something else to make money while you write completely and utterly the exact stuff you want to write regardless of how well it sells. I’m not saying one way is better than another. Whatever works for you.
After my trip to NYC this past weekend, this whole week has been a whirlwind, so I'm keeping it short and sweet today. I'll be sharing my pictures from New York early next week!
let us strike down our oppressors
I know it is kind of over-simplifying a complex problem, but my perception of things are somewhat simplistic.
TM: I’m delighted to run on my record.
- dark roasted waffle, hazelnut curd and vanilla bean syrup paired with Breakfast Stout
Notes: 40 seconds rest should be taken after the final set of snatches @ 75% and before the first set of double-unders. It is not necessary to time the double-unders, but there should be no extra rest. 3 attempts may be taken at both the 85 & 95% snatch singles, but all 3 attempts should be kept to under 60 seconds.
By ten
Customer reviews of Audio-Technica ATM350CW Cardioid Condenser Clip-on Instrument Mic Terminated with Locking 4-Pin UniPak Transmitters are available from the merchant’s site, see it by click on the link below.
chilli powder --------------- 1 tablespoon
Release Date : 4 March 2008
Heine, as a Jew born in the German Rhineland, grew up under the equivalent of segregation, experienced a brief period of emancipation under French Rule during the Napoleonic era, and saw the return of discrimination with the restoration of monarchy: similar to, though of course much milder than, the transition from slavery to Reconstruction and Jim Crow. (Indeed, most Jews in Central Europe received full civil rights only between 1867 and 1871, in other words, at roughly the same time as African-Americans.) One of his minor prose masterpieces (today known mainly to specialists) is Ideas—Book Le Grand. Like other of his early, highly subjective, and unclassifiable works, it ranges freely over a host of topics, from autobiography and food, to romantic love and suicide, and revolution and censorship. The central figure, after whom the work is named, is a French drummer—“who looked a devil and yet had the good heart of an angel”—quartered in the Heine household during the period of Napoleonic rule. The drummer did not create the Revolution, but he embodies it, he is the bearer of its message.
I always tell my students that they need to write their thesis as if they wanted to save the world. Because if you don't believe in what you are doing, who will?
Send Your Love, Sting (remix Dave Aude)
Who decided this?
Of course, there are some “rules” to Wikipedia, there are some norms and expectations, and there is a clear understanding of Wikipedia’s purpose. But beyond the so-called “five pillars” there are no firmly established rules because the open source perspective recognizes, as Whitsitt puts it, “the more you dictate process, the more you strangle creativity and innovation.”
Nothing in the liabilities of ISPs under the DEA is such as to render them "liable for the information transmitted" within Article 12(1) of the Ecommerce Directive. In relation to Article 12(3) of the Directive, Kenneth Parker J was right when he found that (para 58)
David wrote Psalm 23 as a standard of hope. It is a promise that you can claim whenever you sense despair coming your way. It also is a testimony to what God did for David and what He will do for you. When the problems of life heat up and your soul becomes dry and thirsty, God will refresh you by leading you beside His still waters.
When you start writing, are you writing for the reader of your target market, or the reader sitting inside your head?
Headliner: Darlene Westgor (Nick at Nite’s Funniest Mom in America)
the head of the Church,
Where knowledge is free.’
I know that there are 30 days in November but I'm stopping with Thanksgiving week because I have something else we're going to be starting the following Monday as part of our Christmas celebration here in our home. More on that in another post!
If you want to spend a long lunch ... I can't think of anywhere more perfect
Indeed I’ve been pinching myself ever since. I emailed Jane yesterday, saying it was good to meet her, and thanking her for the opportunity to submit the full MS which I will do once I’ve made the RNA NWS suggested tweaks. (I was also trying to prove that I could be professional and not a complete drunken buffoon.)Twenty minutes later she emailed back, not only confirming that I hadn’t dreamt Saturday night, but also giving me her feedback and the constructive feedback from Donna Condon, Senior Editor at Piatkus publishing.
The music of Ladakhi Buddhist monastic festivals, like Tibetan music, often involves religious chanting in Tibetan or Pali. The traditional music includes the instruments Surna and Daman (shehnai and drum). Also, local versions of the Kesar Saga (the Tibetan national epic) form a part of Ladakh culture.
The light went out. The river ran again. And the sounds of the forest resumed.
He is all alone
So what are you? Are you the result of the body or can you direct the body?
I didn’t get enough sleep last night. My previous post was posted at about 2:00 a.m. Then he woke me up at about 6:00 a.m. when I was so not ready to wake up.
When we come back, we hear that Mr. Anderson Vs Jeff Hardy is set tonight for the Number One Contenders match, and coming up now….Matt Morgan and Austin Aries Vs Bully Ray and Crimson.
This suggests a more fundamental explanation: consumers today care more about the experience, but Sony is still focused on the product.
Written by Martin Beckford, Health Correspondent
On this occasion, we thank the world, we thank the world community for their great contribution to the anti-apartheid struggle. Without your support, our struggle could not have reached this advanced stage.
General Bantz J. Craddock, USA (Ret.)
Marie Harbon has worked in both the retail and fitness industry. She has a degree in sport and fitness and taught group exercise for several years before settling into a post delivering BTEC Sport courses for two years. Since then, she has instructed dance with children and has decided to focus on writing as her main career.
And it was on the bus to the start when I realized that I was going to experience something a little different. You see, we had a police escort. The police shut down the freeway to allow us to get to the start, and then opened it back up again after the buses passed through. That was a first.
That's why I'm so excited about Friday - to meet up with so many gifted writers, finally meet people I have only spoken with online, and try and get some of my 'mojo' back.
Performance tuning
It’s not my own face I see there, but other faces,
While AVATAR qualifies as neither a great film nor an enlightening film, Cameron doesn’t go the Lucas/Bay route and CGI-up stereotypes so we can continue to laugh at such racist Hollywood favorites as the big-nosed, money-pinching Jew (as Lucas does with Watto) or the gold-tooth wearing, shucking and jiving inner city black kid (as Bay does with Skids and Mudflap). Instead, Cameron turns American Indians blue in order to both evaluate our contemporary ability to use technology to put on an avatar and change our visual identity, and to offer an environmental critique of contemporary American politics, capitalism, and the military.
Erica Smolders –I really love events to have either a clear theme or a really cohesive look, so a dream project for me would be having a hand in the planning process from the beginning so that I can spend a majority of my time on all the thoughtful little details. Our flowers just look so much nicer on a perfectly planned table.
This is March's class which is now open for booking. This month we will be making a paper bag album using the Tickets and Tags Simply Scrapping Kit. It's a fantastic album, if I do say so myself (!) with loads of mats for photos and journalling and 15 pull out tags and cards for additional bits and pieces. There's also plenty of room to keep mementoes of special days.
25.The Rover #2 (Page/Plant)
Yeah, I'm gonna talk about pee... well, kinda.
Angel is a beautiful light rose-pink blush that give your cheeks a fresh and natural look. Its very soft and velvety and it blends beautifully on the skin. Its definitely a gorgeous and perfect blush for everyday use.
Interesting day today…
Walk against bride trafficking is a programme to create a people’s network against bride trafficking and violence against women from source area to destination area of trafficking. It is not simply an awareness programme but it is an innovative fund raising idea and an opportunity to sensitize and engage male members of the society. Recently, we have completed first phase of the “March against bride trafficking” where we covered 4500 Km from Assam to West Bengal. During this march, we have seen some unforgettable moments. It was really unbelievable, when I was speaking on prostitution, sex work, rape and trafficking in mosques and other religious places, the religious leaders also came forward. They actively participated in the march. Some vaidik pathshala and Arya Samaj also took keen interest in the issue. We will start a campaign with religious leaders as soon as possible.
That's when the snow started again, and by about 3 we were getting almost 2" an hour. First branches broke off the pine trees around 4; I'd been shaking them, but couldn't keep up (I was getting out there using the paths Penderyn had made through the snow!). We lost power for about a minute around 6:00 and got nervous, but that was all that happened. (Over 100,000 are out of power in the area.) Cathy thinks it's because we live across the street from the hospital. The snow pretty much petered out around 9:00. About 10:00 there was a sound like a gunshot out back; I think that's when the big branch broke off the pine; there was a 6" one down this morning without much snow drifted over it.
Recently, I “attended” another free lunch concert. Attended between quotes, because I was researching and looking for books, while the concert took place.
El Paso is starting to see a resurgence as a cross country power (mostly in 4a vs 5a) as El Paso Jefferson is now the #6 ranked team in the South rankings. Isaac Spencer (Austin) won the 1-4a regional meet and was 7th at the State meet. Jefferson is coached by former El Paso prep star Alfredo Trejo who was top 20 at Footlocker (then Kinney) in 1980.
It would be asinine to argue that something of this nature could not happen in modern Europe when we have so recently witnessed similar events in the Balkans. And it would be simply absurd to argue it in a country which has only fairly recently emerged from a brutal ethno-sectarian conflict in Northern Ireland, a conflict that featured massive riots, ethnic cleansing of entire neighbourhoods, an alphabet soup of ruthless paramilitaries, shootings of unarmed civilians by security forces, collusion between security forces and paramilitaries, thousands of bombings, hundreds of civilians killed in cold blood, no-go zones policed by masked men brandishing AK-47s, the assassination of government officials, and a bombing that nearly wiped out the entire cabinet of the day.
According to jews, anyone who comes into conflict with the jews must be to blame. Entirely. This blame cannot be explained in any way that leaves blame unassigned, because then some portion might be ascribed, even if only implicitly, to the jews. Thus the tendency to characterize anyone who vexes them as simply mentally or morally defective, driven to hate jews solely for the sake of hating.
The new Giveaway seems to attract some attention, I promise that La Mia Boutique issue will not disappoint. I reduced the giveaway period to 2 weeks, it seems there is a lot of freebees I have to give to my lovely readers, that monthly draw is just not often enough! Good for you ))))
So the 8 year old has yet to ask, "Where do babies come from?" But I swear, the 3 year old is going to beat her to it.
Here's what I mean: A Kind of Intimacy couldn't happen anywhere other than Fleetwood: the 'I thought this was going to be like Blackpool' sense of disappointment pervades the book and, I've noticed, means more to audiences I've read to and spoken with in the North West than elsewhere.
Gladys
But what words are there to describe the scenario in 2007, where police support officers stood by, uselessly, as courageous 10-year-old Jordan Lyon dived into a pond to save his younger sister? She lived, but he drowned, because not one grown-up was willing to help. And who can forget the appalling fate of Alison Hume, the Ayrshire woman who fell down a mineshaft in 2008? She languished underground for eight hours, and died of a hypothermia-induced heart attack, despite a winch being available – because the regulations stated it was only for the use of official rescue workers.
What better time to discuss our freedom in the area of finance than a time when our Free country is experiencing so much bondage from a lagging economy. It is stated that the poor will be with you always, but no one said you had to be one of them. Contrary to belief, poverty is not really an economic issue, it is a mental issue. It is a belief in lack and limitation that has separated you from your natural state of affluence.
Last night Pam had dreamt of it, pictured the ivy spreading and creeping towards the house, reaching out for the kitchen wall. She’d seen herself standing at the kitchen sink, watching the tendrils snake in under the window sill, pulling the window open, crawling towards her. The images had frightened her and disturbed her sleep, perhaps that’s why Jack had left her dozing in bed this morning, why he’d gone off to visit his brother without saying goodbye.
Terrence Davies' stately production features an outstanding cast, lead by Gillian Anderson's amazing turn as a woman in search of a wealthy husband and the social standing such a position will bring. As Edith Wharton once wrote, "Next to death, life is the saddest thing there is".
This is not just about balance, but a celebration of life. For this juggler has no wealth to speak of, but by developing his own mastery, he has the potential to earn a comfortable living. He creates a perfect union of movement and control, and providing he continues to work hard, he will prosper.
No living man can drink from the whole wine.
I love Impressionists' paintings and wanted to try my hand at creating an original piece of impressionist inspired artwork. But with no formal training in the actual technique I had to wing it. Knowing I wanted my painting to be of a wave (because I'm a water person!) I googled 'wave' and this is the first image that came up.
The day tattoos became poetry
3/4 cup unsalted butter
So I re-downloaded the (free) LoseIt! app (yeeees, re-downloaded, get off my back already) and set myself a goal. The app calculates your goal into a daily allotment of calories and that’s it! You find your foods, track them (and their calories) in a sort of food diary and then you weigh in to see how it’s progressing. The one magical thing is that you choose how much you want to lose and then…
Bismillah
Kat shook her head as she pushed the button on the wall intercom and she told the driver, “Come on in. We have a couple of bags.” Back to Audrey, she remarked, “Text me when you arrive. Do you want me to show you how?”
All of this goes to prove…photography can be rewarding, enjoyable, relaxing, and fun. Not only do I have a love for photography and capturing memorable moments, but I have a love for animals and the historical, noteworthy appeal behind the subject of each image. As I drive down the road or just take in my surroundings, I look at everything as if my eyes were the viewfinder of a camera, everything to me is taken in thousands of snapshots throughout the day.
Right now, I have my heart set on Lyndi… I am now petrified that someone is going to snatch her up before we can meet her. (I hesitated even posting her picture here, for fear that someone would see her beautiful face and try to adopt her… You won’t do that, will you?) I am positively obsessive right now. Can’t wait. Can’t.
This is how she was when I got her~ poor girl clad in c1890 dress and bonnet~ not at all anything like her original 1820-30 wardrobe would have resembled. She was extremely happy to be free of them! Her replaced skin wig, tho cunning on the 'right' doll, looked, well, unbecoming on her, to put it nicely. Besides being to small it washed out her pretty features...and ghads, whats up with the widow's peak in the front! AKKKK! She spoke to me tho, I could see her for what she is, and once was, a wonderful first quarter 19th c wax over mache precious~ dollys like these are English, she is on her original body~ the feet pointing inward are a distinct feature of these dolls, as are the red kid leather lower arms with individually stitched fingers. Later 1830s you see the slit heads where wigs were rooted, and some with wire sleep eyes~ this one tho, she is an early early girl with very well done painting and those wonderful blue glass eyes
if you'e needy clingy or desperate,
It should be no surprise now that my kids have no problem mentioning the possibility of us dying. They actually talk about it so much that I haven't mentioned most times because it would seem as though I am making it up. It's kind of out of control.
Sauces & Condiments like mustard etc (individual sachets are good, ask Macdonald's if you can have some
As I am approaching my 20,000th tweet, I decided it would be a good idea to try and raise some money for Sense about Science!
Nirvana took a major gamble with their final album, on which Kurt Cobain decided that the audience he’d acquired by writing flawless, scabrous pop songs was ready for the true measure of abrasion which festered inside his head. He solicited the production acumen of Big Black alum Steve Albini, the absolute last choice of the suits at DGC, and proceeded to churn out the rawest music of his career, the sound he’d been searching for from the moment he first picked up a guitar. When it was decided that the resulting tapes were too forbidding for mass consumption, R.E.M. stalwart Scott Litt was brought in to salvage what little radio-friendliness could be had, and the final product was a compromise for everyone involved. Here, Gillian Gaar exposes the intralabel strife that almost aborted In Utero before it could hit the market, from the fights over artistic control and songwriting credit to the compromising position in which Cobain found himself after siring one of the most lucrative rock releases of the early ’90s. In spite of (or because of) the antagonism of which it was borne, In Utero may well be Nirvana’s greatest legacy, a punishing treatise on the true cost of success.
The Candy Shop from what one of the owners told me, will also serve as an exhibition space, so have your proposals and what-not ready.
That's not all...she's made new blinkies for the lucky winners & Top 3 picks of this year's challenges, and she's made you all a shiny new blinkie for your blogs:
To do my best to keep making you feel spoiled, happy, cared for and loved.
MAY 22 - 26
Solution: Alene is defeated and yorguin will take of people´s feet if they are not supposed to drink or smoke.
The websites, which I am not goinq to link to because they are all confusing and lacking in anything that looks like administrative process, have nothing, naaaasink, on how to go about joining, or information for expats. A friend who had already navigated this told me to simply make an appointment and register with a doctor, and it will sort itself out there. Cool? Cool.
2011, at Ascot in the Ascot Chase, finishing third behind Riverside Theatre but he couldn’t replicate that performance when fourth at Aintree in the Betfred Bowl. As a result of that effort he made his debut in handicap company in the London National on his reappearance at Sandown on December 3. Despite the three mile, five furlong trip being a big concern he appeared to relish it and won going away from his toiling opponents. However on his latest start at Kempton in the Grade Three Racing Plus Chase he was very disappointing and fell when well beaten.
We had a wonderful lunch and snapped a couple photos. Six VERY pregnant women all in the same spot is a quite a sight! Then we said our goodbyes and planned to have a playdate after the babies arrived. Little did we know one baby would arrive the very next day!
Rebecca Loos masturbates pig for your "entertainment"
The big problem was the ball threads getting tangled.
Tonight I spent hours talking with my oldest sister, just the two of us on the patio as the sun set. "Hey, do you remember that time that that kid tried to beat you up?" "I remember once, you gave me some caramels when I was in kindergarten, and I was so proud of them, but the teacher took them." "Remember how mom and dad used to argue downstairs but we could hear them through the vents?" "Haha, yeah, I do, and remember the day that dad drove home his Scout for the first time?" "Oh, do I! He was so proud of it. Do you remember the trip that we had to do in it after that?" "OMG, yes!"
I will test it in the morning, see if it's on track.
I thank the Lord every day for the outstanding people He has surrounded me with. Whether you’ve been a part of my life for years, or whether I’ve known you for only a short while, know that the relationship we have is important to me, and I value every opportunity to increase the love we share. Through all the joys and sorrows, I love you, and I thank you for being a part of my life.
Tablers of CPRT 34 with Chairman Tr Rohit Bajaj Invited Tablers of AREA 4 and across India to spend a Evening with Mr CHamira to share his experiences of Life..
“Mulligan’s musings on the dying newspaper industry, coupled with his unrelenting love and respect for journalism, could only come from someone like DeSilva, who worked for AP for decades. Terrific on every level.”
They climbed the steep ascent of Heav’n,
Orange crush
The risky trade was put on by former New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine, a former Goldman Sachs Group chief executive. Last year, Corzine was saying Wall Street investment banks had taken on too much risk in the months leading up to the financial crisis. On the lecture circuit Corzine was calling for tighter regulation of Wall Street, even while his firm was borrowing more and more money to bet on some of the riskiest European debt. A Corzine representative declined to comment. (link.reuters.com/xad25s).
I must work on the path and the house. I also want to improve the area that divides the grass and the mountain, now it looks like a wall. I will add some contrast there, too. I must add more reflections in the water… and I guess the teacher will suggest more changes. Today he said the island area and the grass look well.
Here is the pic I promised several days ago. I do not photograph well but here it goes anyway. I wish I could send you my Fire Department ID pic instead but it isn't something I have access to other than the ID badge itself. =(
than 3 years unbroken, Nigeria was
The title of yesterday’s post, “Hitting Home”, had a second meaning that I wasn’t ready to write about just then.
And then on again, to the book I'm writing now, which had as its starting point my father's experiences as a prisoner of war, so that to begin with, I saw it very much from the point of view of an English person looking out at what lay beyond the barbed wire fence. Again, as I dug deeper, that shift, as I began to see that the history of the war as I had hitherto seen it - a history starting perhaps with Chamberlain and his piece of paper, moving on through Dunkirk and the Blitz to the D-Day landings, with obvious significant sideshows such as Pearl Harbour and Singapore - was a very, very partial one.
Sign up to receive emails from airlines that fly your preferred routes and get access to special deals. Farecompare.com scans airline data and sends you alerts for your favorite cities, while airfarewatchdog.com has a team of experts hunting for good deals.
$13 vs $3.50
Tom: Cheese, what a throw, what a catch! 2 minute warning, Giants in field goal range...
I do believe this marks the longest time I've gone without blogging since I started this blog almost three years ago. Part of me feels like I should apologize, but a much bigger part of me is down with the whole blogging without obligation idea, and even more importantly, realizes that I've been mentally/emotionally not really able to blog. I just haven't been in the right head-space. I've been dealing with some pretty high levels of anxiety and stress, and have felt a strong need to retreat from more public areas of expression and instead focus on spending time with friends, meeting new people in real life, and otherwise trying to maintain and build my community. I'm not sure what most of the things I want and need to change in my life are, though I'm well aware that some changes need to be made, but I do know that having a strong community and network of friends is one of them.
2. Contact that person and let them know of their heartfelt award.
And it’s not just news. Young people can “google” anything from the designated hitter rule to human rights to ladies girdles and a get a vast spectrum of sordid perspectives on the issue. They’re getting their “facts” from idiot bloggers, compulsive tweeters and any other Joe Assclown with a computer, the half-baked nub of an idea and enough money to purchase a domain name.
Then they briefly interviewed the chick, who had fur on her outfit covering her arms. She talked about how the reason for the fur being there was because “it felt cool”.
What did I do before YouTube? Oh, that's right. I watched stupid crap on cable.
I don't like to waste ANYTHING so I used the plastic container for my redline tape for the clear window in my box. I used the circles in spellbinders. A snowflake punch and some diamond dust, I bought from my friend Jean a long time ago. Some BLING from my stash of course!
23 Cardiff International Arena Cardiff, Wales
“Sometimes the best way to figure out who you are is to get to that place where you don’t have to be anything else.” Source Unknown
Anyway, not sure when they started including the little inspirational sayings on the Dove wrappers, but the person who thought of it is a genius. It's brilliant marketing and incentive to keep going. I'm sure I'm not the only one that treats them like a fortune and if I don't like my first one I try again.
Why am I so down folding laundry?
I saw this idea on Pinterest from the Little Birdie Secrets blog and just had to try it. It's four receiving blankets and four onesies made to look like cupcakes. I even bought a cake box at Walmart to put them in. I had a lot of fun making these. :)
“illicit producer of cannabis for the international drug trade; major transit hub for Southwest and Southeast Asian heroin and, to a lesser extent, South American cocaine destined for Europe and the US; widespread crime and money laundering problem, but the lack of a well developed financial infrastructure limits the country's utility as a money laundering center; significant domestic cocaine and cannabis use”
all photos except Ritz Madrid, SwF
The patterns on this issue are sized 38, 42 and 46. I cut a 38 grading to a 42 at the waist. I wish I had graded down below the hips because they are actually fairly wide at the hem and I would have preferred less flare. I chose a linen-look fabric for this, it's a linen-rayon blend (I think). While I like the fabric, I don't think it works well with these pleats. I cannot, for the life of me, get the pleats to lie flat like they do on the model in the magazine. They just look funny, especially when I walk. They look funny to me anyway, my husband seems to think the shorts are fine. I also left the pockets out. I wish I hadn't, I think that's part of why I think the shorts look funny at the sides.
This latest project, although small in size, has taken more time than any other I have done……but has given me the most pleasure! I am still intrigued by the whole “micro-stippling” technique and how the resulting texture is so well defined! I have said it before: I am hooked!! On to the borders……….
5. I’m still looking for that book or workshop that is titled, “Do this in exactly this order and your class will ALL be on/above grade level by the end of this year”
Our first stop was at a local souvenir shop who specializes Batik products.
12. Izabella - with vocal diff. mix from original 4 track tape
The set then went with serve until Williams broke Errani for 5-3 and held on her own delivery to secure the initiative.
‘I think this whole country should be extremely embarrassed that a foreign country took responsibility for a Pakistani citizen for 13 years because we could give her nothing, not justice, not security,’ said Durrani.
While I enjoy most genres including crime fiction and thrillers, they include a large variety of story types and I’m not going to like every story type.
Food as Fuel
I'm thankful to my dearest friend, DO, who joined us in this trip. She is my best travel companion. Our very first trip was to the USA, and that very trip has proven that both of us can travel together. It is not easy to find a compatible travel companion. DO is not calculative and easy-going, especially not fussy on meals. She has joined me in a few other trips to ANZ, including my honeymoon. Yes, you've heard it correctly, honeymoon. Prior to my wedding, she has joined me on a few occassions to visit DH in Australia. And the interesting thing is, DH and her behaves more like a couple. I couldn't cook then, so with her presence, she became our chef. As most shops are closed at 5pm in Australia, we usually prepare our own dinner in the rented service apartment. At the supermarket for grocery shopping, DH and her walked 2 - 3 metres ahead of me, discussing what to buy for dinner, what dessert, drinks and snacks. Me? Pushing the trolley behind them, like a typcal maid hahaha!!!
In 2083, chocolate and coffee are illegal, paper is hard to find, water is carefully rationed, and New York City is rife with crime and poverty. And yet, for Anya Balanchine, the sixteen-year-old daughter of the city's most notorious (and dead) crime boss, life is fairly routine. It consists of going to school, taking care of her siblings and her dying grandmother, trying to avoid falling in love with the new assistant D.A.'s son, and avoiding her loser ex-boyfriend. That is until her ex is accidentally poisoned by the chocolate her family manufactures and the police think she's to blame. Suddenly, Anya finds herself thrust unwillingly into the spotlight--at school, in the news, and most importantly, within her
I hope you will all leave me a little 'hello' comment before popping over to see Julia and link yourselves in to the fun. I hope each and every one of you will stay warm and well and have a wonderfully creative week.
“To Kill a Mockingbird was called "A BORING, WORTHLESS WRECK OF A BOOK" -- yes, in ALL CAPS -- by one reader, and "one of the most overrated and hyped books of our time," by another. I don't know about you, but I'm feeling better already.”
From the limelight of aging barriers
Who are your favorite lead characters, and why?
ME: Silence. My head is pounding. I want to kill his cat. I want to kill myself for having made this ill-fated trip. I want to crawl into a hole and erase the last five hours. I want to be home in my bed.
The downside here is a certain trepidation on the filmmakers' part to dig very deeply into what is still a politically sensitive situation. Then too, the real-life protagonists are very much alive and one an iconic figure. That's always a problem for any film that wants to deal with such personalities as flesh-and-blood characters.
Give the pastry 2 more turns. Then mark it with 4 fingerprints to indicate a total of 4 turns have been completed. Rewrap the pastry and return it to the refrigerator for another 30 minutes. (After 4 turns the pastry may be refrigerated for 2 days or frozen.) Give the pastry another 2 turns and mark it with 6 fingerprints. Then wrap and refrigerate it for 10 minutes more before rolling out for shaping and baking.
I go in the kitchen in the morning and there is coffee made. She has already been up and had a cup and is out the door on her way to work. I pour myself a cup, and put in a little Splenda, and a little hazelnut creamer and look to see what Angel Eyes has stirred her coffee with this morning and left there next to the coffee ring on the counter.
You see, when I first rediscovered the cards-my-mom-almost-threw-out and brought them to my home, I got a real thrill out of ...
I am so excited to officially share this news with the world. Some of you may have seen a sneak peak of the latest Requiem short on the YASH tour, but in case you didn't...
And Morris also died young, just like my dad. Too many “Camels” bought him a headstone way before his time, and only left us with a nasty Good Humor man who never liked us.
Even when I read a book, I have to read it as quickly as possible. If it’s not finished fast enough, I give up on it.
Despite the sociological and psychological differences between the generations, everyone onboard was stupefied by the one incontrovertible reality that mathematics mercilessly imposed on them. Calculations, no matter how many times the results were rejected and the work redone, insisted that during their twenty shipyears of subjective time, something in the neighborhood of a billion years had passed on Barsoom. An inconceivable gulf of deep time resulting from a smorgasbord of factors, including time dilation, Lorentz-FitzGerald contraction, Uncle Albert's special relativity, and probably even wiggly spacetime. That one sounds kinda creepy, doesn't it?
Bling: Stickles, Velvet Ribbon, Eyelets, liquid pearls
After a brief detour to the glittering outskirts of reality, Wolf returns to the Tesco metaphor he's obviously so proud of;Getting back to the Great Tesco Scales of life... If I was to put the lives of Officer McPhail, shot in cold blood; James Byrd, dragged to a grizzly death; or the Petit girls and their mom, raped and killed, what is the price that would come up? How much would their lives be worth?
Gregory: can he unite the party?
JUSTIN: Is ALWAYS a film, that you can watch today?
Then, at the end of the night, walk away proudly, knowing that you defied the urge to splurge on your wardrobe. Give yourself a pat on the back, you just refreshed the closet without spending a dime. Go you! You are triumphant.
Today, we went running and for once we both found our rhythm. I find cloudy days the perfect running days and is there anything better than the high of physical outlet? If I could bottle it and take shots of it I would be so productive lol The wind isn’t too cold, it smells like damp earth, the ground stretches and circling clouds beacon your body to go faster, run harder. I’ve never been a runner but once perhaps every month there comes a day when I just run for miles on end.
They fit perfect in the Kitchen pass through that I like to disguise as a window and the panel is perfect for covering up the shelf beneath the microwave which is something I always wanted to do!!
Obviously no cheeses are rolled, but a small cheese is the prize for the winner of each race.
43. Hokey Wolf
Brian O’Halloran (Dante) lacks even the most basic acting skills and is the Xerox machine of humour (by the way, have you heard of Nair?)
My next shift was Faye’s, the UAE doctor-to-be, and it was a little more useful to the London public. I was using an old call-sign and calls were sent, as usual, in my direction.
I could go on and on about who I am. But in the end, I am just me. I'm the wife of a soldier, a mother of multiples, I live in Germany... But in the end, I am just me.
“Xiu Min-ah, can I go out? I promise I won’t be long….pleeease.” Said Baekhyun without courtesy.
03. I Think I Smell a Rat
Following The wanted and One Direction’s stateside invasion, those yanks are now coming to the UK in the form of Mindless Behaviour – four, 13-14 year-old teens who fuse pop, hip hop and R&B with some serious dance moves.
Campaigners have long feared officers were carrying out mass sweeps of the population to load their samples on the database, and make future crime fighting easier.
The vices of the town displace
Let me first dispel a common misconception about world building and writing speculative fiction. You have to do research! Yes, the world that you are creating is yours, and yes the rules are different from those of the normal world. However, any speculative fiction world must be close enough to the real world to engender familiarity. If you don’t do any research, and you wind up putting jungle plants in the desert, or ignoring the fact that human’s can’t breath in a vacuum, then your readers will notice. Even minor things, like forgetting that sound doesn’t travel in space (and thus you can’t hear explosions), or forgetting that eagles ride rising thermal air instead of flapping their wings to stay a loft, will be noticed. In fact, often times small mistakes are harder to dismiss than big ones. For instance, if I write a story in which human’s can breath in space (as ridiculous as it is), a reader is much more likely to accept this and keep reading than that same reader is to accept a single mention of an eagle flapping its way through the sky. Huge changes are expected in speculative fiction (i.e. magic, spaceships, laser pistols, elves, dwarfs, etc), and so a huge but consistent change is fairly easy to swallow, it is within the readers grasp. However, a mistake from lack of research (i.e a single mention of a broad-leafed plant in the desert or a man in 1975 with a cell phone) will set your reader’s eyes to rolling and that’s when they stop caring. Be creative, and be bold, but do your research and don’t be stupid. If you want to make a people group that trains falcons to deliver messages, that’s fine, but if everyone uses pigeons except for the one random person who has a falcon that you somehow forgot to mention before, that people will notice.
1. In a medium saucepan, dissolve a vegetable stock cube in 600ml of water.
She told me just five minutes more and then left and then I cried.
She tried not to dwell on the emptiness that hurt
And what is this political movement doing, if not with-holding the true blessing the people in Israel need!
Yes, I myself did do this offer and I got the 3 dollars to credit to my account.
Claire Rawlins
But if they thought their last minute act of announcing that there would be no charges, would stop the BNP protesting about the police treatment and torture of one of our family, they were again badly and sadly for them, wrong.
I found several slightly different, but all good, methods for doing this online. If it weren't for my severe allergy to sewing, I
Kalil is somewhat more of an unknown quantity than his Heisman winning counterpart. Matt is the younger brother of current starting center for the Carolina Panthers, Ryan Kalil. It’s extremely hard for the general public to gain a proper perspective on an offensive lineman. Offensive lineman live by the code of if you don’t hear their names then they have done their job. This is what makes it so difficult to get to know them personally. The main thing for an offensive lineman is to be noticed without being noticed. Sounds tricky, huh? They do that by creating gaping holes and lanes for their skill players to exploit. Just think, who are usually the first teammates to reach the end zone in celebration after a running back breaks a long touch down run? That’s right, the big guys up front.
With these adjustments, we can get a full picture. As the table below shows, BNP with 141 seats would have the slightest possible lead over AL’s 138.
and one about how my grandmother shaped me as a reader.
(Note: if you go, stay through the end credits. There's a tag after the credits sequence, but there's a second tag at the very end of the credits. 90% of the audience I saw the movie with missed it, and it's a delightful cherry on top of this sundae of a movie. Just stick around, it's worth it.)
I always love those “day in the life” blogs where people share what their daily life is like. They were especially interesting and useful to me when I was contemplating the career change from politics to fitness. Here is my first crack at one:
1/2 tsp fresh ground black pepper, or to taste
Datin Seri Rosmah appears to have also sounded the warning bells to the citizens. So, the people are now asking in rebuttal, “well what if we do bite that hand? what are you going to do?”
$55 per person
And here’s Mind #3: The fact that this issue merited an entire article in the hard copy of the New York Times — space that is disappearing faster than Happy Meal fries – is just another example of our obsession with every little thing that has to do with parenting. As if every hour of time with them is fraught with the potential for developmental leaps or horrifying danger. When really what we’re talking about is an afternoon at the playground.
a) This misrepresentation of Calvinism is possibly the result of reading Dave Armstrong on Calvinism rather than reading Calvinists on Calvinism.
This onetime favorite of European collectors has gone global, with bidders from the U.S. and Russia joining in and pushing up his asking prices, dealers say.
As it happens they're these books!
If you’re not the simplest solution, you’re the target of one.
One day Raymond was invited by Charlie and was asked something about a favour for him, for passing time with Emily while Charlie's absence for a couple of days on his business. Raymond, hesitating to do the offer, admits the reason that he is the oldest friend for them.
All food for thought on this glorious Spring day when the sun is shining and the flowers are opening in the garden. I am going to Thorpe Perrow Arboretum shortly with friends - to see the daffodils and (hopefully) the baby frogs and to have a lovely bowl of soup in the cafe after our walk. My tools of the trade today will be a fairly stout pair of walking shoes - that's all. My report will appear tomorrow.
3) Tell me where you dream of traveling.
I diced up the strawberries into big chunks, and because they were not completely fresh, they were a little on the dry side. So when I put them into the sauce pan with the sugar, I poured a little dry vermouth in also, just to moisten the sugar and berries. (I always have a bottle of Martini & Rossi extra dry vermouth for cooking instead of wine because the vermouth has added aromatics that give a lovely depth to dishes.) I suppose if you’re boring, you could just add a little water.
On Wednesday afternoon, a group of police officers and PCSOs were taking part in a routine activity in Ealing, west London.
The process, costing tens of millions of pounds, threatens to roll on for at least another year and probably two.
A quick show of hands, how many people didn't care for the way Rick 'Ercolino' Martino presented his load as "Gigolo in Beach Hut" in Emanuelle in America? One, two, three, four, wow, that's what I thought. Feel free to call me a wad snob, but the expedient manner in which my toothpaste squirts out of its tube is more robust than his drippy excuse for an orgasm.
What does this have to do with WWNDTD?
In fact, it is difficult to see that anything could logically follow from any earlier state given some laws, since on the Humean account, any projections we make inductively about ‘x causing y’ are inherently stipulated absent logical necessity. There is no logically necessary connection between x and y, such that x is a necessary or sufficient condition for y, and given x, y. Instead, we observe that experience y follows experience x in such a consistent way that we form the idea of causal connection between x and y – but such an account cannot provide the foundation for strict physical/Naturalistic determinism. In fact, the Humean can only at best describe what is likely to occur (by which they don’t actually mean that it ‘is’ likely to occur, but only that we have reason or precedence to suspect it will), and no state has any causal relation with any successive state.
sooo, now that we're all on the same page and I'm currently unemployed(ish) and living on my couch...and because I'm still working on my masterpiece that outlines why "The Biggest Loser" is the most addicting TV show of all time (and yet, I still want a snack when I watch it), you'll just have to content yourself with 792 pictures of Dillon. However, don't worry. I won't turn this into a Dillon blog.
you have been made to
have cures … better then a drinking session
Then comes schools to gather tuition
Hotels renting rooms by the hour. Ironicaly, mostly used by married couples that don’t have room for privacy at home.
I want to highlight something here. You need to transfer to the Domestic Terminal if your next flight is to Christchurch, Queenstown or elsewhere in New Zealand. There is a free transfer bus service here so you don’t have to walk though it is within walking distance. Tip . Before you do that, deposit your heavy luggage at the Qantas or New Zealand counters. So you don’t have to drag along your heavy luggage in the bus. Just remember to show your boarding pass to the counter staff.
I figured since I was abandoning the blog, the Etsy Shop, and email in general for a whole week, I would have a great post planned when I got back. It was to be called "The Anthology of a Scarf" which would include a series of pictures. Me knitting on the plane, on the beach, by the pool, etc. I even thought that by then end of the week and all the down time, I would be able to have a second "Like a Lamb" wrap almost completely finished.
I have created many line art works for Crafts and Me, and there is something rewarding seeing all of your paintings and sketches in beautiful, black, and clean lines. I knew this past Monday I had to keep painting. Oceana is finished, and I'm still working on the months and another large WIP, but I believe I can do more. With two shows next year (more on that later), I need to be painting!
The process of additional feedback is now pretty much complete. I've had three other detailed responses to the book, and a few bits and bobs from a couple of other people. All three have been less positive. My mother sent me a long email explaining how a couple of scenes were 'terrible' (her exact word - never let anyone tell you you can never trust your parents to be critical!), and listing several other problems, though when pressed she admitted she'd enjoyed the book as a whole. I took on board all but one of mum's criticisms, because all the novels that have been big influences on Heaven Can Wait have been books I've borrowed from her - she knows the genre very well.
We salute you, sisters, for the joy that is yours as you rejoice in a baby’s first smile and as you listen with eager ear to a child’s first day at school which bespeaks a special selflessness. Women, more quickly than others, will understand the possible dangers when the word self is militantly placed before other words like fulfillment. You rock a sobbing child without wondering if today’s world is passing you by, because you know you hold tomorrow tightly in your arms.
¼ to ½ cup of thinly sliced red, green and yellow bell pepper
I’ve already chosen and checked out my next three books. Drumroll, please:
I better go, Tony stands out in the street and shouts if I'm not back in the house by 10 pm. Incidentally, did you ever hear how French Tony got his name? Apparently one day 12 years ago in The Greasy Face he inexplicably said 'Oui' instead of 'Yes' when he was asked if he wanted more tea. The name just stuck.
HENRY JAGLOM: Yeah, I was brought up in New York City. Even though I've lived the second half of my life in Los Angeles, I still feel very much a New Yorker at heart.
I had fun pulling together the nautical theme for this card, using paper sent to my from my teamie Paola! The little star fish were charms I've had in my stash for years. Finally found a use for them.
So I’ve been monitoring the trends on Twitter the past few days and I have to say the collaborative efforts of everyone on there does generate the oddest set of trends. The top one being, that hit the news recently, inspired by Google, “Do a barrel roll”. The Google page spins when you type in the phrase on the search bar, similarly if you type in “tilt” the page will also comply. The Google software engineers said it was to showcase the power of modern browsers, however a lot of people on Twitter and other networking sites managed to link it back to an old N64 game Star Fox. So therefore everyone has been rather nostalgic about this old game, in which you were told to evade people by doing a barrel roll, NOW!
The birds swingshot themselves to death attemping to murder these crippled, developmentally-disabled pigs as a form of ultimately pointless and morally ambiguous vengeance. The yellow bird is graphically battered when it collides; the black bird explodes; the white bird drops an egg-- the very reason for their titular emotional state-- as a weapon.
*Pattern Paper: unknown
Since my husband and I are vegetarians, I try really hard to figure out ways to incorporate enough protein into our diet. It is pretty easy to sneak protein into meals, and this meal is no exception. Since learning about quinoa, I have jumped on the quinoa bandwagon and am still riding it at full-speed. I love it, and don’t miss meat while eating it. It is so hearty, filling, and healthy, it makes me happy to be eating it. I always make a large batch of quinoa, and keep some in the fridge to throw in sauces, smoothies, and whatever else. It is one of those foods that taste like whatever you flavor it with, so it can be easily disguised.
And it's been like this for 2 weeks. Everytime I look in the mirror I think, "This looks like shit." It's kind of depressing. I think it's time to take my baby-fine, flat, useless head of hair back to the old reliable, overpriced salon I usually frequent, and beg them to do something for me.
This is the last time I’m mentioning that this is a new thing for me. Because it’s not anymore. I’ve got 16 rehearsals for Little Women under my belt,the entire Saints Alive Sings Cabaret experience (wrote and directed a show with 20 people in it in 10 rehearsals – THAT was insane!) and some improv shows. While this is my first time directing a show of this size, I’m no rookie. THIS is how the second half of the rehearsal process will be going for me:
There are some fabulous paintings in the house; I love this one of Bess.......
Thank you for your support and kindness. I hope you understand. I did my time.
"O lovely Pussy, O Pussy, my love,
1 pound meatloaf mix (ground beef, pork and veal)
You remember school/university/first jobs with deep affection - no matter how much you hated it at the time.
Stop reading, leave my blog RIGHT NOW, and go purchase these in every color.
It looks like Mama gave me another home grown haircut. She sure did like my bangs cut short.
and I majored in theatre arts."
Thaz a face lihk a line of wet washin
Vichy France quickly became one of the major manufacturing centers for Nazi war materials, and the French quickly instituted the Nazis policies towards the Jews. France was filled with Jewish refugees from the rest of Europe at that time, and the French government eagerly rounded them up for the Nazis and turned them over to them. Later, this was extended to many Jews whom had French citizenship.
I wanted to be a member of a band that performed inside the school bus. The school bus wasn’t an ordinary one. It was like a hotel. There were rooms where people can sleep as the school bus takes them to school (again with the sleep thing). There’s a stage where my band performs. Around the stage were round tables with nice white tablecloths like the ones rich people have during their house parties. My band members were my best friend Lara, my crush Matthew, and my stuffed toy Teddy Buzzy Bear Cruz. Teddy was a really good guitar player. I was the lead singer. I forgot what the others did.
I try really, really hard to refrain from judging other people. You see it a lot in motherhood...from the moment you get pregnant, you're asked if you plan to breastfeed, cloth diaper, bed share, baby wear, etc. It's overwhelming enough being pregnant and then you add on pressures and it's a whole new ballgame. Then you have your baby and it's all about how long they're sleeping and if they're not sleeping good then you, the parent, are doing something wrong because duh, your 3 week old should be sleeping through the night. You're judged if you feed your child processed food or sweets. I'm not one to follow; I'm not a leader, but I'm not a follower. I don't care what's in or what other people are doing.
My immediate thought:
I don't need scripts, anymore, nor the advice of experts, generally.
Fellow blogger Larie posted (quite) a few orange eye makeup looks last week, and inspired me to grab my own orange eyeshadows and do a look.
And put in intensive care
Rubber duckie, I'd like a whole pond of -
June 3-8, ADI is holding another class. I've got nothing to do with this; just passing on information. This class will be led by distiller Jordan Via. Via has led similar events at Sweetwater Distilling (in Petaluma, CA), but is now plying his trade at Breckenridge Distillery, site of next month's get-together.
Pencil cups, stackable inbox trays and magazine file holders help make a desk tidy. Mix and match items such as these from the Martha Stewart Home Office with Avery product line to create a beautiful, custom desk organization system.
Match 1 is up now for the World Title tournament. It’s going to be Rob “The Freak” Terry. His opponent is going to be Jeff Hardy.
I'm frustrated. Don't get me wrong, Vertex has come so far in its development of Kalydeco and in its research for new drugs to target all mutations of CF. And, don't get me wrong, there is so much promise out there, and so much discovery and incredible things happening every day with these new drugs, but I learned something yesterday that disheartened me a bit.
when I woke today, I noticed
I’m no exception
Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Natural Resource Minister Joe Oliver have also now been taken to task recently for their false distortions, diversions, their desperate theories aboutall those radical foreign environmentalists and the socialists, billionaires hijacking the Enbridge Oil Pipleine Joint Review Panel hearings.
To the story!
As we settled in to our new home, these things nearly gave me a nervous breakdown. There were spiders in my grass, in my laundry, in my pantry, in my blankets. Everywhere I looked there was a spider and every time I saw a spider, I panicked. Soon, there was so much adrenaline flowing through my veins that I could have taken down an actual rabid wolf with my bare hands. Still, the mere thought of a spider caused me to jump up on the nearest chair and scream like a girl.
My mind has been in overdrive lately. Inspired by the outcome of our finished master bathroom, I am feeling motivated to move onto another project... and one room at a time, get this house of ours finished. I would love to get the bulk of the work done before baby #2 gets here in June. I have my work cut out for me y'all. But the good news is that at least I am putting together a vision for each room (except for the kitchen/dining room, which is giving me major decorator's block).
I baby sat my niece last week, she’s two and a bit of a wild child thanks to those terrible twos. We went outside for a little while and I snapped some pics and learned a lot about terrible mid-day lighting. I took a good 100+ photos and the majority of them were her running away from me. So, I didn’t get too many great pics out of it, but I feel like I did learn a lot from it.
If my anti-smoking relative who lives in the South West is any measure of public feeling on this issue, then I know that plain packaging has no support that isn't bought and paid for.
With a price on Ravenna's head now as well as his own, he takes her with him in the hopes of finding her safe refuge. But as circumstances force them to flee together, even into the neighboring kingdom of Enfield, Dalmas realizes he's falling in love with Ravenna. He knows he faces certain death if his
See love now
A knock at the door woke him. Ronan sat up, disoriented because he did not remember falling asleep. Sunlight streamed in the room through soft yellow curtains. The clock told him much of the morning had already rushed away. Someone knocked again.
We had a great vacation---enjoyed the warm or should I say hot weather in the Cayman's. The water was beautiful as were the beaches---and oh my---what great food! My favorite thing I ate was Naked Wahoo and mushroom bites at the Sunshine Grill---so incredibly delicious. I mostly had fish--- snapper, grouper, tuna...oh my!
A positive ballot result to achieve this parity means many Tube Lines staff will not be working from 16.00 on Tuesday 24th. RMT General Secretary Bob Crow said: “This is a massive mandate for action following a straightforward demand for parity with other Tube staff. This dispute is about justice and about ensuring that all groups of staff under the umbrella of London Underground receive the same rights and benefits.”
My dear friends, I don’t intend to spoil your festivities and celebration. I want you to go ahead and enjoy that cold beer, those hot dogs, and the fireworks. All I’m asking of you is this: when the time comes for the dessert, while you are slicing that white sheet cake with the red and blue depicting the stars and stripes, think about the irony of it and how our domestic enemies have been slicing up and tearing apart the one thing that represents being an American – Our Constitution. Happy Independence Day.
During my sophomore year I had developed a perfect record of non-rejection. I still had a bit of apprehensiveness and only went for the kill when I knew the success rate was close to 100%. But, I had never been shut down whenever I attempted a shy kiss or sloppy make-out maneuver. A certain amount of arrogance was gained on my part and I was positive my chick-reading abilities were atop the national rankings. I even thought about developing t-shirts that read "Mr. 100%," but a screen-printing machine was not available to me at this time. In hindsight, I probably would have been mistaken for an excellent student with a shirt that read the aforementioned slogan. People would request tutoring and notes in my classes, and I would have to begrudgingly explain the true meaning of the shirt.
"Are you crying in a wind chime store?" he asked incredulously.
paint all waiting furniture
The hotel experience should have been our first hint that shenanigans were bound to ensue. I am not sure how I ever could have imagined otherwise…
Those quotes are only a fraction of what's she's posted, which you can read in the links above. So, in response to these four words, we get a half-dozen posts in which she says that we are craven, self-promoting, backstabbing, disrespectful, purposely hurtful, venomous, using Sady as a way to get comments, and that we don't care about rape survivors.
It's funny. I used to be really angry that my parents didn't send me to a university in the U.S. or U.K. I came from the gifted education programme in Singapore, so most of my mates ended up in Ivy league universities or Oxbridge. And for the longest time, I felt the need to be apologetic about having graduated from an Australian university (though it was brilliant having friends study in these different cities because I could travel and crash on their kitchen floor). My mind started to change in 2005 when I went to Northwestern and attended this really crappy lecture by the guy who came up with Don't Ask, Don't Tell (hey waddyaknow, I even blogged about it HERE in 2005). That made me wonder if the quality of teaching was that different... I think there's a definite difference in quality of students, and it is very great though. And you learn, at the university level, more from your peers than you do from lecturers.
Since the basement closet was a dismal failure. Trying again one more time. Children were blessed abundantly with clothes while husband's visiting parents were here all last week. As grateful as we are for children's needs being so abundantly met.....entire wardrobes for 11 children have the potential to be very amazingly overwhelming to the head. If anything has the ability to make me crazy....it's clothes. And people think I'm joking when I say I'm a day away from joining a nudist colony. The everybody closet has made life easier in every regard....but we lost it here for a few months. The walk in closet of our last home proved to be amazing for the everybody closet purpose. The basement here....not so much. With only 1500 sq ft to work with within the entire house finding a spot for anything has proved challenging. Clothes have been the reason for tears on more than one occasion....as it proved to be yet again last week....even as minimally as I require wardrobes to be for everyone. Even just 1 pair of shorts, 1 pair of jeans and 3 t-shirts for everyone quickly adds up.....to 56 articles of clothing to be exact. And given the excessive daily use of just 1 pair of shorts and the holes that wore in them in a mere week's matter of time it didn't take a genius to quickly surmise one pair of shorts for each person would never work. But when we have a more reasonable 3 pair per person that's already just 39 pair of jeans alone. That doesn't even begin to include the 2 loads of towels per day, underwear, shirts and everything else. Patient husband had great mercy and compassion on my overwhelmed self and made room within the budget for cheap, plastic sturdy shelving, as the huge commercial metal shelving we put in basement proved to be too huge for the inside of house. It's now serving as a place for water laden boxes that no longer have any strength to be stacked. I moved entertainment center out of office area, as it was only serving as kitchen pantry storage, and put the shelves together to create our new everybody closet. Located in the office right off the kitchen where washer/dryer closet is located, this is proving to be quite amazing. It's easy to keep organized and put away, clothes can be put up even during naps, and when anything is out of order or strung out it's seen quickly and easily picked up....and washer/dryer are right around the corner! I really really love this.
The everyday hardship of Eastern Bloc life led the Trio
1 feature
MB: Like Sena Jurinac, for instance, you have played both Donna Anna and Donna Elvira. Do you find that singing one role helps you understand the other? How would you characterise the differences between the roles, temperamentally and musically?
One of the wonderful things that Roger & I were able to learn about in our recent trip to the Turks & Caicos was about the Conch Farm in Provo.
For example – the ‘contract-first’ loose coupling approach is quite important to SOA design and development as it helps to avoid negative consumer-to-implementation tight-coupling. Avoiding this issue does affect how a new SOA Suite composite would be created in JDeveloper but this highly advisable best practice is not really mentioned in the book and there is no tutorial on contract-first approaches in the text. There is a section on loose-coupling, but unfortunately the content is way off the mark. The authors understanding of what loose-coupling is and how it should be implemented do not match my own experiences with the problem. As a SOA architect I see this as storing up potential issues by not emphasising to developers the importance of good design in SOA.
Which is, frankly, and let's not get too sentimental here, a lot more than she's done for me since the mid 1980's. But hey You Do What You Can and etc.
Now on to Business
-Spray Glue
How much work will an agent do on a book proposal?
Like Alice through the Looking-Glass
an unstable situation will bring others… no matter… what quickly becomes most important is that mutually beneficial
Marinate the chicken in the lemon juice overnight in the fridge. Turn pieces occasionally.
The need to balance the national budget has meant an obvious move to increase taxes, with the emphasis on taxing investment income, rather than earned income.
I didn't get to post much on the actual process of the Big Move. Lemme tell ya, it wasn't exactly easy to swing.
May 4: Vancouver – W2 Café
AUG. Or we rightly compare the dropsical man to a covetous rich man. For as the former, the more he increases in unnatural moisture the greater his thirst; so also the other, the more abundant his riches, which he does not employ well, the more ardently he desires them.
evidence of that.
I feel the wind and the sound of a fading freight as I slip away from reality.
no little sandwiches from Joyce.
Date: Wednesday, May 2, 2012
6. Ambush Moon: J.R. Roberts
And I imagine, or at least I hope, that my coppery little bundle of joy won't be under our roof much longer. It will be winging its way across the country somewhere, destined for romance and excitement. With its white stick pearls, garnets, periwinkle glass and deerskin leather to remind it of Mama.
“Inspector Cocteau has been helping us with a little problem that’s arisen, GB,” explained George. “Do you know Maria Geldenhuis?”
These last two XML files are what really separate an e-book from a website: they provide a linear structure to the book that require (for the most part) that it be read in a certain order. (Many books do contain hyperlinks and allow you to skip from page to page this way.)
Punctuate you
Little Sweepea and I have really enjoyed harvesting walnuts and other things from the garden recently. I was chatting to a friend about how the walnut tree looked ready to harvest and about how I wanted to beat the pesky squirrels this year :-)
The fluid flow up the ball looks to be moving quite quickly so I decided to fire up Tracker to look at the video. Let me tell you something – you have no idea how amazing it is to mix Tracker with a high speed shot.
Just So You Know... my mother is having a debate with herself as to whether God has blue or green eyes. Hum... never thought about it mom, maybe they are rainbow.
So, the 12 year old supposed-to-be-gay boy didn't win Bacon-Lettuce-and-Tomato? Huh? So why did the secret squirrel tell us he was going to?
To fill out the description of what I do in my classes, I’ll muse about both parts (type and agent) and describe what my students use.
So far on Africam today, we have seen Lion, Elephant, Waterbuck, Wildebeest, Warthog, Nyala, Impala, Oxpecker, Hornbill, Zebra, Helmeted Guinea Fowl, Hippo, Side Striped Jackals and Baboons.
Since most of them were taken whilst under the safe-light, everything is very much red, as you’ll see. I also included a couple of prints I’ve done. I think they’re from last week though, but needs must as the ones from tonight are currently hanging up to dry.
Go up against
"Children, I won't call yuh once more."
This is our new couch. I rudely realized that I never properly introduced you. It's filled with down feathers, and when we lay on it, we take turns picking the little prickly ones that stick out from the guts of the couch. Maybe we should stop, so we don't end up with an empty cushion cover. It's the first official couch we've ever owned, and we spend copious amounts of time on it, now that we can both fit in one spot at the same time.
A slippery trek to the Sumaguing cave is required in order to see the magnificent formation of stalactites and stalagmites. It is advisable to hire a tourist guide for the cave is tricky and the trails are a bit difficult. It took us more than 2 hours to go in and out of the cave.
And now I've got one at my door!"
Okay, outta time, outta days - but never outta blogs - so hoping I get a chance to do this again soon...I'll close this edition of Haveil Havalim. To my regular readers who have never encountered some of these blogs - enjoy them - I know many of the people behind these blogs and they are - every single one of them - amazing people that I respect who care enough to take the time to share their feelings, knowledge, and love of our people, our land, our religion. Enjoy!
Quest Giver: Gandalf.
So what's next for Ales for Autism? With April being Autism Awareness month, Greg has a couple events in the works he's not ready to discuss yet. But when he is, you can be sure I'll let you know about it here.
Liquidator
I am not one of these.
There was sunlight on the blankets, and on the wall behind me. It was bright enough that I knew I wouldn't be able to go back to sleep. That realization brought me another small step closer to wakefulness, but it was so nice to just lay and drift until I was actually ready to move.
The history-taking skills station aims to assess the candidate’s ability to gather data from the patient, to construct a differential diagnosis, to deal with concerns the patient may have, and to construct a management plan that is explained to the patient clearly, and to treat the patient with dignity and respect.
After your primer coat is dry (I waited about 25 minutes, until it wasn't sticky) we can start our colors. Plan out in your mind roughly where you want these to start and stop. I chose to split the chair in thirds. Take your top color, in this case white, and start coating past the limit of your white section. You don't need to do the whole chair, since we will be painting over that. Remember, thin coats! 'Tis better to do many thin coats than to do one gloppy-drippy one. I did about 4 thin coats on the top half of the chair. If you do get drips or strange textures, just take your steel wool and gently smooth it out, and paint over it again.
2. You must follow Fortune Cookie Soaps on Twitter at 'fortunefreak'.
You’ll find there is more
Or any other unmentionables but bra-seamstresses amaze me!
between 150 – 200 ml of a good quality fruity extra virgin olive oil/ I used about 150 ml
Once we arrived at the hospital we got all checked in and learned that we had the same nurse that we had on the day we had your big brother. Her name was Alice and I was so excited to see a familiar face. Even though she sees so many patients a day and I knew there was no way she knew who we were I was still excited to see her. She was great and helped calm mommy down. As we were waiting we remembered that daddy was wearing the same shirt he wore when your big brother was born. We thought that was funny too. While we waited we learned that we would have to wait until about 8:00pm to meet you due to the fact that I ate that yogurt cup. They did not want me to have any food in my system so we waited. We checked in about 4:00 and waited about 4 hours. While we waited we took some pictures, watched TV and talked about you. Your mamaw Loschert arrived about 5:30 and she was so excited. Mommy was so excited to see her too. She always makes me feel better and more relaxed so I was so thankful she was there to be with us as we waited. Before you arrived your Grammy and Grandpa Snyder and papaw Loschert arrived too. You were surrounded by people who loved you as we waited to meet you.
I hope to inspire my guests to use the challenges we received at Leadership to get creative and have fun.
Today, there are more than 5 billion mobile phones around with the world, with 4 billion of them in developing countries and emerging markets, where they are often shared by several people. Be sure to follow our coverage of the Mobile World Congress to learn more about how these phones are being used to deliver products and services to poor, rural communities.
Tomorrow, Monday February 11, Arnaud Gasnier, receives his PhD at Technical University Delft (TU Delft) for a study on efficient patent management ("The Patenting Paradox") . Gasnier’s study shows that despite a dramatic increase in the number of patents filed each year, the majority of those patents are not actively used. This behavior is called the “Patenting Paradox”. Why does it exist? What are its effects? How can this paradox be solved? This study addresses these issues. It provides models to better understand the complexity of patent management; and tools to help the firm navigate in the competitive environment. Current practices are illustrated with pertinent patent information. This study also presents the results from a survey among more than 1,100 patent users, which explains the roots of the paradox in the firm.
I seem to have recently found the DIYer in me. About 2 1/2 weeks ago, my husband and I renovated our children's playroom. Goodbye 1970s/80s wood paneling! Yuck. Our project consisted of tearing down the paneling, scraping old wallpaper adhesive off of the walls (1960s velvet green wallpaper, anyone?), patching holes (he did all of that), sanding the walls, and finally painting. I picked a nice, neutral beige and added some wall decals for decor. I'm planning on adding more decor later, but I haven't gotten to that yet. I have a super cute idea that I can't wait to share with all of you once I get around to completing it. And we also have yet to paint the trim, but the main part is done and that's what matters.
Grandest band in the land
New Year's Day is right up there with April Fool's Day for me as far as holidays are concerned. It's one of the best days ever. Any holiday that celebrates a fresh start, resolutions to do better, and black eyed peas is definitely my kind of day. New Year's Eve is almost as good- I spend it preparing for my fresh start (If there's anything I love more than doing something, it's planning to do something).
At first I thought it sounded a bit pricey for cinnamon rolls (especially since I'm not a pastry eater; I bought these for Tom) but once we heated them up in the oven and tasted the different frostings, I was a believer. The rolls are fresh, light and delicious. They taste like they just came out of the oven (well, they did because we heated them up in the oven but you know what I mean) and the frostings we tasted were all delicious - not too sweet and very flavorful. We ordered pumpkin spice, hazelnut, Irish creme, maple, coffee and "Old Skool" was included. Hazelnut is my favorite and maple is Tom's.
Then I plan on coming home to finish reading a book of scary stories and maybe watch an episode or two of Buffy, and maybe prepare a bit more for Nano (National Novel Writing Month).
Normally when I make stuffed mushrooms, I make a stuffing with bread crumbs, marscapone cheese, and sausage. This recipe used Italian sausage and pancetta. These are delicious. A crunchy stuffing loaded with sausage and pancetta, all served in a mushroom cap. The perfect bite.
(Lordy what a TACKY name... I want to call it "Windows" or "Stepping Back" or something lovely... But the alliteration and the appointed day of the week are too organized for me to pass up. So Flashback Friday it is...)
looked
He is:
The point of the film is the story; no one ever said this was to be an exercise in historical education. Such a looking-backward is by definition Romantic. In assembling his fairy tale scenario, writer director Michel Hazanavicius seems to have asked himself “What would Chaplin do?” In his later years, Chaplin increasingly dealt with changes in 20th century aesthetics by looking wistfully backwards and crafting simple, poetic tales that drew from those 19th century forms the pantomime and the melodrama. (I’m thinking chiefly of A Woman of Paris, The Circus, City Lights and Limelight). When he was on his game, the results were magic. The best Hollywood films can be expressed on the back of a matchbook: King Kong, The Champ, Scarface. The balancing act is of course to do a story everyone already knows, but to do it in such a way that it is sufficiently new that it will hold our interest. Here, Hazanavicius has mostly plundered A Star is Born and Singin’ in the Rain. Jean Dujardin is a swashbuckling star of silent films; Bérénice Bejo his new discovery, whose very name is “Peppy”. When talkies come in, Dujardin refuses to change and is washed up. Bejo becomes the new flavor of the month. The two also happen to love one another. It seems unresolvable, until the germ of the happy ending, planted early in the picture, sprouts at the 11th hour.
Among my favorite tracks I still hear the word progress, “Glistening”, “Anthem,” and “Big Sur” are my favorites. These standout tracks bring home the diversity and goal of this concept album’s goal,to give a clear view to things in your sight-line. A plateau view allows everything to be visible, interesting huh? The album brings back feelings of the old days in hop hop and what needs to still be done in the present and future to make the genre unclouded by uncertainty. Lushlife is one of those artists that after listening to I’m glad I work at a radio station and listen to these lesser-known guys and spread the great work they are creating. Lushlife’s albums are available on iTunes, and check other online sites for other work. If I’m writing about it, go check it out. Even if you don’t like The Roots or Nas give it a try and for sure it will stick to you.
Someone here with me.
But the earth needs a NEW mandate, needs some help and needs your heart.
although, he's not over the baby food and still wants to have some twice a day, pill or no pill! Pugs have good memories, I'm just sayin'!
As far as other I'd Rather By Flying releases the only one I am certain exists is the track "Satellite" which appears on the Next Year We'll Be Robots Volume 1 cassette on Robin Hood Records that also featured Silver Scooter, Soul Junk, Rop Style UFO, Nova Scotias and others. I know Jason spoke of tapes he made and perhaps some other comp appearances but I am not certain as to the details. I do have one other unnamed track in my possession but upon hearing the song it sounds like it was a personal gift for someone special not to be shared. And it is master cassette for a 4 track. How I came about it is most likely a result of doing some 4 track stuff at Tommy Orza's (OTMOP bassist) house one day and the tape someone ended up in my box of tapes. Most likely Tommy and Jason were doing some 4 track stuff and the cassette was one the floor and yeah. We were young and unorganized. What I am getting at it doesn't feel right sharing that tune. Unless of course Jason says it is okay...
We've enjoyed fresh strawberries, apples and chopped peaches in this salad. In the winter we most often have dried cranberries or dried apples. Each of these options are a wonderful addition and an easy way to incorporate a serving of fruit in your diet.
Also from that 2007 album was "Fairytale." Sara delivered the tongue-in-cheek feminist anthem-- which is about all those unrealistic fairy tale romances us girls growing up believing in-- without her male band. She said she had performed a few shows without playing the song and it just didn't feel right, like something was missing. We were all glad she brought it back.
“If you are looking for a rapid route to publishing and want your words out there swiftly and with minimal input, Four O’Clock Bronze is for you. This division is geared towards online marketing and distribution and leaves you in full control over cost and timing, retaining some elements of the traditional idea of self-publishing but under the DA umbrella.
I grew up in Danvers, and was pretty active in the community from a young age. In high school I ran cross country and cheered for the hockey team. (hockey cheering was perfect for me because I have lots of pep, but not too much rhythm and a serious fear of heights!) I continued to run competetively in college at Endicott College in Beverly, where I studied Hospitality Management. College was also where I discovered my love for group fitness! After college I bounced around a bit, trying different work out styles, and found barre n9ne in March of 2010. End of story there! I am the youngest of three girls, I love being a sister and I am lucky to be an auntie. I am engaged and getting married in September (wheeee!) at my favorite place in the world, Lake Shore Park, Gilford, NH. Other than that, I am a Leo, I think that explains my personality pretty well, so I will leave it at that (:
Ted Oberg: Guitar
I hope that you can find a good way to deal with your situation, whether it comes down to some deep conversation or divorce. I also hope that you will find someone for your oldest child to talk to. It can be so hard growing up, and feeling like you can do no right in your parents eyes. Get them some help before this situation gets worse. You should also take the time to let your oldest know what an amazing person you think that they are. Make sure to be encouraging and to remind them how much you love them, and commend them when they do well, so they don’t feel like their accomplishment’s go unnoticed. In the end you know what is right for you and your family, and I hope that good things will grow from this situation.
“His weight had dropped to just seven stone, he had trouble breathing and walking,” said a CAB spokeswoman.
#066 Austin Kearns (Reds)
DEUT 7:9-24;
The American, who had grown up in the Okefenokee, slipped behind a tangle of exposed tree roots for concealment. He was covered in mud and green slime from his foray to the bottom of the swamp with the first U.N. scout. The natural camouflage hid him perfectly. Only his eyes would give him away if the second scout got close enough. He had noticed the big bull basking in the sun just before he took the first scout. Now, as he hid, his ears, accustomed to the near-silent sounds of the swamp, picked up the almost imperceptible splash as the gator slid off the bank and into the water.
16) Are your hands cold? +
They realise that
It is just a bit disappointing that the story fails to deliver a gripping experience. It still has some good elements. The companions have plenty to do throughout the story. In fact, it is Vicky who enables the TARDIS crew to be saved through her aiding the rebels.
So a certain resistance to all major linguistic shifts is becoming. There is a proper delay before leaping into line. I resisted Facebook before going on to resist Twitter.
Hubert Dupont (electric bass)
In a pre-heated 200°C (400°F) oven, bake the chicken for 1/2 an hour.
My sisters and I had a crafting weekend last weekend. We try to get together once per quarter and usually sew when we do. This time, my sister, Betsy found these great autumn wreaths to make out of coffee filters of all things! They were pretty labor intensive, so I'm not sure I will do another one, but I did like the way they turned out!
Except she had government first semester when I was taking economics, and she took economics second semester when I had government. Everything else was exactly the same. Calculus, Physics, French, Econ/Government, English and Drama.
07 - Beatin' The Odds 03:20
In other news, Tuesday is here and I’ve decided I have to knock out a run tonight.
Today I had a large Swiss Brown mushroom so I decided to keep it whole and made this Stuffed Mushroom Sandwich.
To be honest, I don’t even know where to begin with Wilkinson. I don’t know anyone who would consider him a sound theological resource for Christian orthodoxy, but his message is one that certainly appeals to the vast majority of Christians searching for a warm and fuzzy feeling.
I decided to poke my head out of the rabbit warren yesterday and happened upon some Sunday papers. The gap between the rich and the poor here has now overtaken Brazil. Our ministers loyal to their leader and not their people have been forking out millions on luxury cars.
Per admires the clear, straight-sided glass, and wonders if he could get it home to the 16th without breaking it. His mother has no glasses so fine. He also thinks the bright colour of the juice beautiful, as it reminds him of the ‘old story about a beautiful woman whose tears were liquid gold.’ (The goddess Freyja, remembered in folklore.)
We also watched "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo". I have read the book and it was very slow going.
Unlike Republicans, I’m not anti-abortion. For that matter, nor am I pro-abortion. I am, however, pro-choice. Look, face facts like an adult: abortion is a legal procedure and people are gonna get them. You don’t have to like it. But if you outlaw them, people are still gonna get them, underground and illegally in seedy back-room shanty clinics with no sterile equipment or licensed medical practitioners present. I’m not going to argue the semantics of when Life begins.
oao plums. hope your week is as delicious as a very delicious thing. i certainly hope mine is.
“I’ve witnessed a lot of change in the stroke field,” says Kalra. “To a certain extent it is very reassuring to see, but by no means have we got to where we need to be. We are learning very quickly. The challenge now is whether we can keep up the momentum and convert this new knowledge into practice to the greater benefit of all patients.”
As neighbours carefully raised their brows,
So, here's how the whole mess started. From the start, we (my realtor and I) knew we were going to use Title One to close my loan. Lennae (my realtor) and Matt (my loan officer) have used Title One on several occasions and have had good experiences. So, that's what we were going to do. Well, right off the bat the bank (sellers) had an issue with us not using their title company to close. My realtor and the bank had a few choice conversations about this and to OUR understanding, the bank finally just gave up because they can't MAKE us use their title company. So, we thought we were in the clear. That is, until last night at my final walk through. Lennae was there and apparently, they needed me to sign some document saying I was going to use Title One and that I would incur any "escrow fees" and that the sellers would not pay those. The funny part. When my realtor asked them WHAT those fees would be - no one knew. All they knew is they were going to pay for them. Okay.. that's kind of weird we all thought. So, I was ENSURED by my realtor and loan officer that they would still be paying ALL of the closing costs they agreed to pay and that I wouldn't have to bring any additional cash to closing above what was already agreed upon. Okay, fine. So LAST NIGHT, I sign this stupid document. Mind you - were were only given this addendum yesterday, late afternoon.
I find workshops invaluable for picking up new ideas from established writers. I also find it heart-warming that published authors are happy to selflessly share their knowledge with new writers.
Library visit
Source : Rudolf Steiner Lectures, Donarch 6 to 8 May,1921.
Bill: I have no real singular "favorite" memory of dad. He always made you feel comfortable with him, even on the occasion when he was angry with my behavior. (Of course, those times were fortunately very rare...heh, heh). So really, all of my memories are all my "favorites" because if you knew him, there were no surprises. Whatever it was, he always came straight from his heart. I suppose my most ingrained image of him was the vision of him after breakfast, practicing his music in front of the living room bay window, his harp resting gently on his shoulder as he transported himself to his other kind of surreal world.
In 1896 we saw an account in the newspapers of an amusing episode which occurred during a meeting of the Pontefract Town Council. One of the aldermen, noticing that the councillors had "to go borrowing" snuff, suggested the re-introduction of the old Corporation snuff-box.
But, the Army is the Army...and I don't know what that means. They have rules, and I hold my breath and wait to see which ones they'll enforce: Can he stay stateside and continue with his schooling, or will they rule to send him back to stupid Iraq over with his new company?
Time to bask in sunshine and to plant flowers and tomatoes and basil and those yellow zucchinis I love so much. And time to to yank out those God-awful Home Depot plants the sellers put in and replace them with cool stuff.
We got to the fair shortly before the concert was to start so we didn't enjoy any of the fair festivities. (Which is a good thing because I didn't need any fried food) But we did meet everyone at the lounge just outside of the concert area.
Referring to the reasons set out in the first decision, the Board dismissed the appeal, saying with regard to classes 6, 17, and 19 that Paroc had not put forward any evidence to support a change in the settled case law or in the markets at issue to persuade it to reconsider the ruling in the first decision. With regard to the services in class 37, the Board found that the relevant public would still immediately, and without further analytical effort, understand the mark to refer to a characteristic of the services and not as an indication of their origin; it was irrelevant that the mark had been registered in Finland and the UK as the CTM regime is autonomous with its own rules, and the fact that the examiner's approach to previous similar cases was less strict did not infringe the principle of equality before the law.
"It was the same dog he had seen sniffing around earlier."
I can't wait to see Gina dance in a pow-wow, this July during Aboriginal Days.
I just bought this $100 certificate for $30 at Picaboo. It is only good for today. They also have another deal: BOGO Classic books when you use the code FINALFOUR.
Wes was able to take off a few days and we actually got to go to Kerrville!
answer is not to shrink government but to get
On Monday my maternal grandmother will be 96. She's the one sitting, her older sister, who turned 101 this year, is standing.
and it's rad because i've had a couple readers email me (!!!) asking me to expand on some of the parenting stuff i've written about here a bit more.
You can see that the city’s been built up around the windmill since it was built. It’s not out of town any longer!)
Of course, introducing fanciful aspects is where the imagination comes into play. And this leads directly away from the 'write what you know' adage and invites you to ask the 'what if' question. For me this is the most exciting part of writing - allowing imagination to soar to the heavens.
It was -7 (yes, 7 below zero) and windy when it was time to pack up the harp and leave. But I had plenty of good help. I drove home through a quiet, snow-covered town watching the smoke rise from the chimneys, the Christmas lights glow through the windows, the wind rush sparkling snowflakes up into playful swirls in front of the car.
Case in point: Last week a nut-job volunteer for McCain made up a story about having been brutalized by an Obama-supporting Black man. (According to police, it appears the woman is mentally ill and no one put her up to it.)
There were many marching bands and drill teams from high schools in New Jersey, Long Island, Connecticut and even as far as Albany! The Boy Scouts were also represented along with the NYPD and senators. And amidst all of the neighborhood representations and schools there were the costumes – one of the main reasons I went to the Parade.
-Jamie
The Muslim Student Association places a great importance on giving back to the community. “We don’t want to just host dinners and lectures and have it end there,” said Al-Kalby. “We want to let the good spread outside of the room.”
April has been such an odd month this year.
At first she cried,
Birmingham was re-developed in the early 1960s to make it an international city and most of its fine buildings demolished. Since then more beautiful buildings that the inhabitants were uplifted by have been replaced by buildings so hideous they depress people. Snow Hill station had a grand Great Western Hotel frontage, mosaic floors in the platform tea rooms, a vast underground booking hall and goods offices in with white salt-glazed tiles. Snow Hill was closed in 1972, the hotel demolished and an NCP car park installed between the platforms. The new Snow Hill station is a typical square lump of concrete.
Instead, they should regard curvaceous women such as Christina Hendricks, star of the TV series Mad Men, as their ultimate role models, Lynne Featherstone said.
Oakshire Brewing: La Ferme
We are still adding goodies all the time...not only Christmas, maybe some Christmas gifts??
In the northern city of Kano police raided a Boko Haram bomb workshop and found six assembled bombs and one under construction. The Islamic terrorists use these bombs to attack the security forces, intelligence services and government offices. But most of the casualties tend to be nearby civilians. This increases the willingness of people to tell the police (who are generally hated for their corruption and cruelty) about Boko Haram activity they have spotted.
He saved his special brand of contempt and physical violence for my mother and later for me. I saw more of that side than I ever cared for. No child should ever see what I saw. He showed me the depth and breadth of bile within a man that would reserve him a very special place in Hades.
www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdPqwzWeP1c&feature=feedrec_grec_index
And yes, I’ve seen enough shit to want to call it quits
he played in every game, got his 200 hits (204, actually), hit over .300 (.315), and was voted to start the all-star game for the sixth straight year. he hit 28 homers and drove in 110 runs, but didn't walk much. he also hit into a bunch of double plays - 25 to be exact; the most in the national league. as an all-star, garvey was 0 for 2 with a run and a walk. like his fellow infielder ron cey, garvey hit his 150th career homer in 1979, although his was just a solo shot off of john denny - nothing spectacular.
"We sleep out there, on the streets." His chin lifted toward the double door, through which others had walked out with as much ease as they did walking in, filling this hall a short thirty or thirty five minutes ago. It was empty now. The benches and tables laid bare for the first time tonight. I had walked amongst them earlier, tripping over backpacks, shopping sacks, and worn blankets. Their overdressed owners, layering four seasons of clothing on their backs, indulged me in small talks while waiting patiently for their food.
The naturopathy fits.
People may not know that Grandison was published in two omniscient abridgements of the modern type (rewrites which simplify) before the end of the 18th century. This was done once to Clary. Readers Digest anticipated? It is possible Anna was given one of these to read first, thought I doubt it. In this reading and writing family, it’d be a come-down. There’s a good later abridgement of Grandison in its epistolary form by none other than George Saintsbury who apparently wanted to get more people reading it – it’s a fat 2 volumes. (See Leah Price’s The Anthology and the Rise of the Novel).
I looked at Judy and then across at all the celebrities lined up across the start. They were all completing clever illusions of their own. Jamie Oliver’s ostrich was apparently free range, accounting for the lack of meat on the bird’s legs. Daniel Craig was straightening his tie and putting on the style in his pinstriped ostrich with rocket propelled knees and bullet proof beak. The only real disappointment was Phillip Schofield’s ostrich, which I didn’t think was all that special. In fact, I thought it lacked any single discernible talent, though it was well plumed and would appeal to the 40 to 70 year old age group.
Although it's not a competition (or is it?), it'll also make coming up with a post much easier for me. Cross one new year's resolution off the list.
1155. Bag of Pretzels @ Hwy Somewhere (NC to KY, USA) 1:30 p.m.
ENTER: Jesus.
We talked for a while and ended up exchanging phrases and stuff, and one of the girls referred to something (I forget what) as being "puta madre" and I took the opportunity to teach them the phrase "fucking awesome" (because they mean the same thing. teehee)
Wow. Life of Pi shocked me. How? Well, I don’t usually read this kind of book. But I gave it a try, and i loved it! Those nuggets of wisdom scattered across the book is what made it so special for me. Pi’s talk on zoos and animals bored me several times, but I always get sucked back into reading by his daunting philosophy in life. i think Life of Pi is not for everyone, but if you take the time to appreciate it, you will admire Pi as much as I do.
Brandon and Jen also brought us something else, but that if for another post later this week!
13 Blue Spotted Tail
I'll be there around March 15th. I'll be visiting some old haunts like The Duke and Erin's Pub. Wait...I forgot to mention George St. It's where the bars are! St. John's nightlife is wicked awesomesauce and poutine! Funny how my terrible sense of direction doesn't affect my ability to find a pint of Guinness in a favourite drinking hole! I think I have pub radar! Not that finding a bar is a great difficulty in this city!
I like sleeping in. Really, really like that. I like springtime emerging: green shoots, budding trees, and my kids begging to play outside. I like the crisp air, just warm enough to break out my frayed hoodie and not my winter coat. I like when my kids are finished with homework for the day.
We need to do the same about the Iraq War. So let’s look at the record, which, by the way, gives some absolution to those members of Congress who originally authorized the invasion.
We hope this information is helpful and please feel free to contact us with any other questions you may have.
That's why I decided yesterday to become a real Twit.
If you've never visited the Graphics Fairy blog, you must go and have a look. It's full of fabulous vintage pictures free of copyright and just begging to be used! Thanks Karen, I love the image and hope the card did it justice!
“We now hold a catalyst for the human imagination of sufficient power that if we use it, we can deconstruct the lethal vehicle that is carrying us toward the brink of the apocalypse. And we can redesign it into a kind of starship that will carry us and our children out into the broad star galaxy we know to be awaiting us. But it’s a cultural test Nature is giving us. Intelligence is a grand experiment, upon which a great deal depends… and if it proves inadequate, Nature will cover it over with the same kind of cool impunity as she covered the dinosaurs, the trilobites…”
The “party” is still on.
My mom was here helping me babysit, and the conversation veered from this to that, and we were watching the Showcase Showdown on Price is Right, and Julia said she wished we could go on that show, "Mom! You should go!"
investigation, I had just moved to Texas the previous year. I was embarrassed to be a Sooner grad. I had busted my butt at college to get a diploma and then some student-athletes, who lacked proper moral leadership from their coach, made some pretty idiotic decisions. As a Sooner expatriate in Texas, it was frustrating. Penn State fans, I can assure you, the “us against the world/media/board of trustees” mindset is just silly. You’ve lost perspective at that point. Kids were sexually assaulted. This was identified several times. You should be
It’s time to get back to the world of face-to-face interaction. I’d like to hear about your vacations in person, enjoy food together and not just a virtual snapshot of your plate. Perhaps we could actually do something together. There’s even, gasp, real U.S. Mail for those who don’t live close by.
This is a very basic gelato recipe that seems more or less fail safe. The only word of caution is to use good-quality honey, because you really can taste it. I used a clover honey, but next time I will use fireweed honey, which is flavored with the quintessential Alaska flower/weed that blooms everywhere in the summer. Lavender honey would also be gorgeous.
V is for Vegetable Cheese Sandwiches: Mixed Vegetables
This assessment, however, seems extremely anachronistic, or—to use Duffy’s words—it “has a whiff of historical whiggery about it” (82). The deficiency of his evaluation can be stated in a single principle: Historians should not assume that a single homily (or 13 homilies, in this case) represents a person or church’s complete theological system. In other words, Edwardsian preachers could easily have described Christ’s death as a portrayal of God’s love without setting aside their propitiatory language. On the other hand, by the way he describes these disparities, Duffy implies that Marian Catholics had no room for propitiatory language in describing Christ’s death. However, the Catholic mass—with its bloodless sacrifice of the host—was saturated with such language and imagery. As it turns out, caution and attention to detail should be the rule in theological assessment, as well.
You can be part of the team working to help poor women like Halimah – with the click of a mouse! Please visit the Changemakers competition website to learn more about our innovative project and vote for our Mobile Microfranchising in Indonesia initiative, and ask your friends and family to do the same.
Not long ago I was driving my car, thinking back to a funny conversation I’d just had. The thought had me smiling as I drove along. A car came from the opposite direction and the driver smiled on seeing my smile. That made me wonder how many people would respond to a smile with their own. I decided to prolong the smile. The action produced an even bigger smile and pretty soon I was grinning. I didn’t count the amount of smiles that were returned, but there were lots.
I love all the bustle involved with planning a nice evening with friends. We really have to try to do that more often.
I have two more pressing problems to work on this week;
Obama Makes It Official: Suspected Terrorists Can Be Indefinitely Detained Without a Trial — Despite having once threatened to veto the bill due to controversial language about the treatment of suspected terrorists, the president signed the controversial National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) into law on Saturday...
Ad Age has something called the Power 150 in which they rank about 1,100 advertising blogs in terms of... I don't know, they just rank them.
coffin.
Please visit Astri - she has a wonderful blog!
Therefore, anyone who visits the gallery should know that the photographs are really photographs, made in a darkroom, by me. They are not downloaded from the internet nor run through a printer at a lab. They are the genuine article–an image captured by me on film, probably in a Pentax, printed by me in my own darkroom, and matted and mounted by me or by my associate, Fernando. This is my version of fine art photography. Come take a look.
Icelandic & Scots are woven together in this brand new piece by Benni Hemm Hemm. The Reykjavík Wind Ensemble sneaks in between words, occasionally taking control and blowing the roof off.
I moved the baptisia on the left from the side yard last spring. It must have been an OK size to move, because they are not supposed to like to be moved. There are a variety of liatris and rudbeckias here. The clump on the right that is cut off, is rigid goldenrod, I'm pretty sure.
Now in referring to the Boer War as a holocaust, it makes me cringe to realize that that this was not the first associated with my French ancestors. How cruel it seems that, after making it to their haven of "Good Hope" after one holocaust, many of their descendants would suffer and die in another!
Income Access will be well represented at this year’s event. Team members include: Jamie Fortunaso, Head of Affiliates; Devon Spector, Head of Account Management; Sarafina Wolde Gabriel, Marketing Director and Catherine Blais, Account Manager.
Oh, in my music searches I found a couple of songs D.C. might prefer. Oh, I enjoy these just as much as the other. By the way, D.C.... learn double speak. This woman's songs (if you can handle them) will... give you a few cues. She obviously knows it. While not my absolute favorites of her works, the... joy of it is worth the listen. To me anyway. She'll even let you kill her. *tantrum anyone?* De-licious!
Tony Toni Tone - Feels Good
После раскола: Россия будет содержать алавитское государство Асада в Латакии Turkey wants US exemption from Iran sanctions Fatah accusing Hamas of collaborating with Israel Another achievement for IDF women: Three female naval officers Mohammed Merah? Can’t Blame Conservatives And Heaven Forbid Talk About Radical Islam Photos of Islamic Jihad Terrorists Killed Since March 9 – Part II Toulouse attacks were definitely not random Hypocrisy (and some anti-semitism) on Toulouse in an Egyptian paper
The poem comes from this great book by Scholastic:
We also began enjoying Turkish food. We loved it, but it was a lot of the same food from restaurant to restaurant.
Anyway all this got me thinking about light and how a bright day always makes us feel alive and energised whereas a grey and drizzly day can affect our mood and energy levels. I know I'm certainly affected by the weather. I don't mind cold - as long as its a crisp Autumn/Winter day. I don't do summer cold! I don't mind rain - so long as it gets on with it and then the sun comes out afterwards. No, its the level of light that is crucial, particularly the quality of light near the sea ...
Uff... A gentle bark shook me out of the reverie! It was our neighbour's playful Jack Russell on his morning walk who pulled me out of the daydream. I had been sitting on my dining table munching by favourite butter croissant, scratching my brain looking for something to write about this recipe!
My story unraveled over time and keeps revealing more details and uncovering more truths. What happened to me was confusing and did not make much sense to me at the time, nor did all the details always seem to be linked together, all the strange symptoms I experienced. So it can be frustrating when I now look back and see that things can seem like they were overlooked.
1 shouldered
...and Never return
I wanted to incorporate more nature-inspired vignettes throughout this old farmhouse.
She is doing much better! I'm still praying and hoping she's out of the woods.
I’ve wanted to write about the debacle of ordering a new mattress online, where 3 times it was damaged in the delivery, so it wasn’t until the 4th time the company sent it out were we finally able to accept it.
Published by: Simon and Schuster
Why not go on a cruise?
Wow, that's a bit...petty and cranky of them. Wouldn't want them to sully themselves dealing with Fox, now would we? For people who are all about talking with adversaries and messaging, they sure are clueless about getting their side of the story to the opposition (read:Fox) viewing audience.
6. Restoring balance after a busy summer is not impossible!
WSVHW Blog (wsvhwblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
So bye for now.
The camel farted.
But then things start to happen. A Frenchman tries to shoot him in London only to be disabled by a WOCOP agent – ‘Come on, Jake. You’re strictly Grainer. You know that, all WOCOP knows that. It’s like one of the Five Pilars,’ Ellis tells him – and then there’s the vampire attack which, again, Ellis foils (but why were they carrying tranquilisers?) and his subsequent kidnap by the mysterious Jacqueline Delon with her proposition and promise of protection. Nothing is quite what it seems. And what about that last phone call from Harley – “Jesus Christ, Jake, listen. There’s…” – a what, there’s what exactly, Harley? A trap? Too obvious. No. What there is is something Jake never expected, a reason to live.
Rambo said he received a third-round grade from the NFL board, which advises underclassmen before they make their decision on whether to leave or stay. The grade clearly disappointed Rambo, who was named a first-team All-American by the AP.
Our major training attempts are focusing on the prestigious Biltmore Challenge (first weekend of May) in Asheville, NC. The course winds around the Biltmore estate. All FEI endurance events are qualifying events for riders and horses working up the FEI mileage "ladder" and the (formerly called) certificate of capability required in the qualification process.
Green Light - John Legend & Andre 3000
Tune in next week, when I attempt a squash bake!
Howerver, what most sickens me is when our government can run up a 9 billion pound bill hosting a drug cheat ridden competition that most people have little more than a passing interest in and sell it back to us as "accessible to all" whilst in reality a privileged few will cherry pick the best parts of it.
“Where would they go?” Lieber continued.
Did you know that 58% of the 2010 budget went to entitlements (Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, Unemployment) while only 20% was spent to defend this nation? (See graph 1) Defense spending is actually less than 5% of GDP; entitlement spending is almost 10% and rapidly increasing. (See graph 2)
Today it is my honor to host Michael Offutt, author of the new Science Fiction book Slipstream. He's an amazing blogger who writes about some truly interesting and thought-provoking subjects, so head on over to his blog and follow him. Or, you know, read this post and then head on over to his blog and follow him. Either's good.
Tsubaki’s insecurity takes it’s first hit (this week) when he runs into his best friend Ueno kissing fellow classmate Oka. After last weeks Q&A session, it comes as a great surprise to Tsubaki that his friend has a girlfriend, and a secret one at that! But in a pattern that we’ve seen already, Tsubaki begins to feel a level of insecurity and jealousy that leads him to wanting more from his relationship with Urabe. This constant insecurity forces Urabe to once again teach him a lesson through the power of drool. In a dream brought on a by a special day’s drool, Tsubaki realizes that a kiss is pointless if the feelings between them aren’t aligned. When she confronts him the next day, he shares his revelation with her, and their relationship returns to normal.
Here's wishing you all a wonderful weekend! I have lots of errands to run today and the sun is out, so I'm anxious to get outdoors for a while! Thanks for stopping by!
The Shelter of His Arms is the first emotion-driven romance in the Passionate Hearts Novelette series.
Heat a cast iron pan over medium heat and add butter. Once the butter is melted, add leeks and cook until translucent. Add mushrooms and sage and cook until the mushroom are tender. Add salt and pepper to taste.
He loves the little cheeto baby snacks.
-opening the fridge and begging for grapes, cheese or milk
I got to say my good byes and now it is time for a new wonderful chapter in my life to start, one that I have been waiting for so long - my whole life it seems.
David Sirota – “The Christian Bible is filled with liberal economic sentiment. It makes perfect sense, then, that the more devoutly loyal to that Bible one is, the more progressive one would be on economics.”
The opposition holds against Gosheva the fact that she is the mother of Slobodanka Gosheva, former head of the national census commission. They also say Gosheva is already a retired prosecutor, which is not in accordance with the law.
I really love my Kindle.
This salsa not only works as a topping for toasted flatbread (or tortilla chips, who am I kidding?), but also as an incredible filling for wraps. I put one together with spicy tempeh, fresh greens, and a healthy serving of the grilled corny goodness. Crazy delish! Add some quinoa or other whole grain and you’ve got yourself one mighty fine summer salad. How about try it as a pizza topping, or fold into a breakfast omelet? Let your imagination run wild with this delicious and versatile delight.
But I’ve had my head down and focused on work for so long, it almost hurts to look up, let alone ahead — to the horizon, to the future.
I got the flags made this week for the Doodle Bugs quilt. I did stress for a few days about a typo (or several) in the pattern and I thought that I was going to be short on the background fabric by about a yard. But as I started to cut the fabric that I needed, I realized that the count on the pattern was incorrect. I was never so happy to have a pattern be incorrect!
black boards
Child of my youth
No batteries, no cords, no buzz, no noise
It’s very twee, and in that respect it’s quintessentially Japanese, so that’s why we won’t waste anymore time moaning about it.
Israelis will claim that Palestinians are allowed to work on the land of these settlers and therefore they are provided with jobs and a boycott will harm them. In actual fact, these Palestinians are employed for paltry wages, and they are required to do the back-breaking work that the Israeli settlers will not do themselves. This means the Israeli settlers reap the rewards for the harvests while doing very little of the work themselves.
1149 **D-X/23/1992. “’Upon What Meat Does This Our Caesar Feed …?’ American Constitutionalism and the Ross Perot Intervention.” Politics Department, The University of Dallas, Irving, Texas. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(1), above, pp. 491-99.)
Ronnie's got a different version of this poster. I'm not sure what the story is on why there are different ones, but I like the one I got because it matches the Bantam paperback I've had since I was five.
One should not boast after having committed sin. By having recourse to faith and by freeing one’s self from malice, one succeeds in obtaining blessedness.
S.P. Somtow – Chui Chai
Soooo.....what has been going on in my life? I do not remember what I last filled you all in on but quick recap.
I could go on about this book all day because, honestly, the one downfall is that it ends. I wanted to stay with these characters forever. Holly Cupala is officially one of my favorite writers and I highly, highly recommend Don't Breathe a Word. It is the best teen contemporary out right now and I don't say that lightly. So do yourself a favor and go buy a copy!
Here are a few ways you can use SMS marketing to help establish a good relationship with loyal customers.
Now, I know most of you have probably heard his MIRACLE BIRTH story so I won’t put those words down again. BUT if you have not heard about what a TRUE MIRACLE he is, please follow this link to our BLOG and you can read all about it. TRULY A MIRACLE FROM GOD!!! http://blessingsinmylife.blogspot.com/2008/05/miracle-matthews-story.html
Use your competition gun exclusively; this will be Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Make the free game online paintball play of your practice time consisting of actually playing paintball. Take the free game online paintball play on paintball gear. Your masks is most likely 1 from the most popular paintball websites and forums specifically for the free game online paintball play up paintball field.
I wasn’t going to buy these because they were so painful. But, a woman walking by me in the store stopped everything she was doing in her shopping endeavor to exclaim, “Those shoes are HOT!!!”
Honestly, it makes me a little nervous - the idea of traveling with the other students. I'm friendly, but for whatever reasons I recognize that I'm a bit distant and guarded about getting too close to fellow students. I'm reserved about myself personally and feel anxious about knowing anyone outside of school. I'm not quite sure why this is, but I recognize it's happening.
Its time to get some pretty on and go get some dinner.
speaks only to Envy
K - Kitten. We have a new kitten in our house. He is called Fluffy and is adorable.
08 - Die Young
We had a few visitors - possums! They would come in close to grab some food - one even took food off our table!
In 1990 Randy spent over two years at a rehabilitation centre in Montreal. He got a computer and became involved with the residents’ board of directors, recognizing a need for a change in attitude towards those with disabilities.
Among the ingredients I used on this card, the pin with the pearls, rhinestones, and charm are from a RAK (Random Act of Kindness) I received from a sweet friend, Sabrina Jackson!!! Sabrina is on the Our Daily Bread Designs' Design Team. She was going to send me a couple of pins and beads to show me how she does hers...they are gorgeous...I ended up with a whole box of goodies!!! I'm going to show you all the things she sent me in a separate post, as soon as I can get a pretty picture of them all together!
No excuses, no "I'm sorry I didn't write", no nothing. Well, maybe an "I've missed ya'll!". Which is the real truth.
Alluring: She Shines
The following is an edited version of my reply to some friends today. My friends want to start an online publication to continue sharing their ideas and passion for democracy in China and Hong Kong (some months ago they stopped publication of their monthly free community newspaper).
Shirts are a different story.
I could drive myself mad with all this stuff.
Now, if you’re on a tight budget…..you don’t have to do Mc Donald’s or KFC here. Do check out some local food chain. There is Museo del Jamon, and there is Paradiso del Jamon. Both serve €1 bocadillos (sandwiches) and some good ol’ Spanish delicacies from Quezo, Jamon, Callos, Albondigas, Tortilla, etc. You choose!
greenpeace.org
I'll be teaching:
As Jews, Daniel and his friends were not supposed to eat defiled food, according to the Old Testament covenant. Compare the New Covenant application:
From the size of the "leg of mutton" sleeves of the dresses that the two visible women members of the party are wearing, I estimate the photograph to have been taken in the mid-1890s. The number "935" appears to have been written in black ink on the negative, this printing out white on the print. The photographer is likely to have handed out tickets with this number printed to members of the excursion party, and they would no doubt have been able to buy a print upon their return, much as Bailey did in Bournemouth between the wars (Sepia Saturday 92: All Aboard the Bournemouth Queen). It also suggests that the photographer was a regular habitue of excursion parties, and it may well be that there are other such photographs surviving out there. Actually, I'm being somewhat disingenuous, because I have already featured an Aberystwyth excursion photo by Gyde, using an identical card mount, and with the negative number "1139," on Photo-Sleuth three years ago.
Congratulations again, Cathy-Lynn, and thanks to everyone who visited our blogs during the Heartfelt Creations Design Team Alumni Blog Hop!
Nick speaks with Ariel who gives him a private showing of her ta-tas. She and Nick flirt but no real information was given regarding Father-Dragon. Nick follows her home and enters the backyard when he sees flames. He’s tackled, kissed and has his shirt ripped by Ariel. She even answers Juliette’s call to get rid of Nick. I have to admit, that’s a great tactic to get rid of unwanted detectives – make overt sexual advances until it makes the man uncomfortable.
We want. We want more. We get. But it is not enough. So we want more. In a perpetual cycle of wanting, we consciously and unconsciously feed into a human tendency for greed. We feel it is our right to get, so we want. Unaware of how it all started or what makes it continue, we seek external things to temporarily quell the hungry lizards in our bellies and brains, until yet again, we want more.
Johnson (D-SD)
This contest is open to international entries!
Enjoy the pictures!
I said this on Twitter: "I find it very flattering & an honor when a man finds a way to worship the female without wanting something from her."
Today I didn’t do much but finish packing up my stuff. Tomorrow I’m going to get the last of my stuff out the Condo. I have really opened my eyes these last couple of days. And realizing that I’m beginning to like the person that I have become. I have a plan, and this time I really hope that my plan works this time. I really want to just get everything back on track. I know that in the long run, I will do just fine, but I will feel better when everything happens like it’s supposed. I really didn’t see myself being this far down at the bottom, but you know what I’m no longer upset or feeling bad about it.
*Tulip Puffy Paint
XL: “Easy, The Office! I love that show.”
1 and half cups plain flour
4) I want to do my own thing, follow my cravings, and Jesus would get in my way.
I was thinking today about how happy I am that I don’t do this anymore! Then I started pondering addictions as a whole.
I know it's been awhile! We're doing well. Mom's gone home, I've gone back to work, and the kids are LOVING their new babysitter. After three TERRIBLE interviews, I was beginning to really panic about childcare. But I found a woman who lives only a few minutes from my office, and has kids Lucy's age. She is FANTASTIC and I feel so blessed to have found her. On my days off, Lucy actually asks if she can go to Erin's, ha ha!
Fiar will be available next week from the Plucky Knitter! I'll be sure to let you all know the specifics. I love that there is the potential for so many different color pairings. Who says you can only use 3 or 5 colors? Get out those scraps and add in a bit more color! We were able to get one long and one short infinity scarf from 5 skeins, with enough leftover for another if you add in another color. So many possibilities!!
Happy Halloween All! Love Marta Stewartsson, Buzz Lightyear (he was in costume for a record 10 minutes) and The King of Creativity, my hubby.
The movie did show one thing, Billy Beane was right, it’s hard not to be romantic about baseball.
I want the peace of mind that if anything was to happen I could handle the situation well. I could experience it the hard and unprepared way or I can take the proper actions to where it really doesn't devastate my family because I am not dependant on outside sources and I am self reliant. Here is what I am working on right now:
Disposable Heroes of Hiphoprisy Television the drug of the nation US
Its total potential impact on the city and regional economy is huge, and, exceptional as the GMCA may be, this publicised deal has to be seen as a massive precedent, and, surely, a major addition to the Yes campaigners’ armoury.
However, down to their final strike yet again, the Cardinals managed to come back from the dead. Rangers manager Ron Washington brought in veteran Darren Oliver to try and close out the game in the tenth. It was an interesting choice by Washington since Oliver is mainly a setup/situational pitcher, not necessarily someone who you want closing out a huge playoff game. Oliver promptly gave up two singles and a sacrifice bunt pushed them to second and third. Washington brought in reliever Scott Feldman (who should have started the inning). Ryan Theriot grounded out, scoring Daniel Descalso, and then Feldman intentionally walked Albert Pujols to bring up Lance Berkman. Berkman hit a two strike single to score John Jay to tie the game. Watching the action, it seemed like even though the Rangers got out of the inning with a tied score, they were deflated and on the verge of losing.
It is easy to blame WordPress, and I would like to. But I can’t. The reason why? Not everything in life is driving on making everything fool-proof. Sure, these are some weird design choices, and might have been completely overlooked. Still, you may expect a user also to bring something of ’expertise’ in usage to the table. For example, that a user first looks at the mere 4 elements in the page before clicking like a mad monkey.
720 **D-IV/3/1976. “Pascal’s Wager.” Basic Program Staff Seminar, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6), above, pp. 370-78.)
NOTE: And it shall come to pass, when all these things are come upon thee, the blessing and the curse, which I have set before thee, and thou shalt call them to mind among all the nations, whither the LORD thy God hath driven thee, And shalt return unto the LORD thy God, and shalt obey his voice according to all that I command thee this day, thou and thy children, with all thine heart, and with all thy soul; That then the LORD thy God will turn thy captivity, and have compassion upon thee, and will return and gather thee from all the nations, whither the LORD thy God hath scattered thee. If any of thine be driven out unto the outmost parts of heaven, from thence will the LORD thy God gather thee, and from thence will he fetch thee: And the LORD thy God will bring thee into the land which thy fathers possessed, and thou shalt possess it; and he will do thee good, and multiply thee above thy fathers. And the LORD thy God will circumcise thine heart, and the heart of thy seed, to love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, that thou mayest live. And the LORD thy God will put all these curses upon thine enemies, and on them that hate thee, which persecuted thee. And thou shalt return and obey the voice of the LORD, and do all his commandments which I command thee this day. And the LORD thy God will make thee plenteous in every work of thine hand, in the fruit of thy body, and in the fruit of thy cattle, and in the fruit of thy land, for good: for the LORD will again rejoice over thee for good, as he rejoiced over thy fathers: If thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to keep his commandments and his statutes which are written in this book of the law, and if thou turn unto the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul.
Being a memory champion is not likely to have many practical advantages. As Foer attests, he still is as forgetful (or not) in everyday life. Nevertheless, memory is important. Knowledge is sticky when you have prior knowledge – “it takes knowledge to gain knowledge..facts to fasten other facts to…the more you know, the easier it is to know more”.
The bones from the ritual slaughters are stacked in piles to make “bone men”, which are ritually burned on All Souls’ Day. All Souls’ Day is a British religious celebration practiced by members of the Anglican Church on November 2. On this day the church faithful pray for the departed souls of members of their community—in Heptonclough the ritual has special significance because in recent years several children have gone missing, leaving no trace. Are they dead?
the prompt response of
I said, "I just didn't see the need to walk all the way around." He said, "I thought about it too, but decided I needed the exercise."
WAR AND PEACE is based on Tolstoy’s massive 1000+ page long book (a book I bought but have avoided reading—until now). As I have not read the book, I can’t say that the adaptation has justified the masterpiece or not. All I can say, however, is that I thoroughly enjoyed the hours I spent smiling, laughing and sobbing. I have never come across a period drama as meaningful as this one.
ROSIE'S ACHIEVEMENTS
When you’re planning to sell your home, the only time it pays to replace the floors is if they are in extreme disrepair. You will end up spending a lot of money and will not even be there to enjoy the renovation. Instead of a new floor, fix up the old one and thoroughly clean it to give off the best impression.
I was feeling down. Not my normally "life-is-always-good-self" if you will. All the crazy *#@! going down with the Re-model at work has been weighing heavy. I have been telling my subordinates at work that when all is said and done we are going to be "SO MUCH BETTER!" when everything is finished. Well, to put it as plainly as I can, we are not even on the blueprints; we never were. The Maintenance Department is only a necessary evil. We don't make $$$ and we are a loss from the get go. So: "We don't get nothing."
Muscle weighs more than fat. If you’re working out a lot, several times a week or more, you could be really doing some toning up and/or holding a bit of water. Don’t jump on the scale after a good work-out and think that you’re going to see a huge difference. The only difference you’re going to see is the sweat that came off you and the added weight of any water you drank during your work-out. Do NOT stop drinking during a work-out.
After turning down an opportunity to join Amy Winehouse´s Band she began writing and performing her own songs and soon earned a reputation as one of London´s most unique and flamboyant Live acts.
Hope you all had a wonderful Christmas and are eagerly looking forward to the new year.
Local authorities accuse the two of coercing a Hindu man into becoming a Christian. Neither denies that he was sharing a Bible story, but the word “coercion” makes them shake their heads in disbelief.
This reminds me to order up Flanagan's new Girl Land from the library. I'm stewing in these things and wondering what's there-there.
From Lisi Harrison, the New York Times bestselling author of The Clique and Alphas, comes a new series with a fresh twist on high school, romance, and the horrors of trying to fit in.
2 cups bulgur
Big Day Out Festival
I'll tell you this much -- I will always have some sort of knitting in the car or in my purse for times like these.
Speaking of which, of course there were other problems. Check out Beervana and It's Pub Night blogs for some more coverage. They both touch on more of the problems going on with the festival. Hopefully the PIB will address these issues in the future.
Bake the meatballs at 375 degrees for 25 to 30 minutes until cooked through. The recipe will yield about 24 to 26 meatballs.
"Benjameen!" It was Anastasia Serhivna, a fellow English teacher and one of my Counterparts and mentors in Kolky. "You're coming with me to pick potatoes" (Obviously she knew I have no plans). I hurriedly changed into what I thought would be appropriate potato picking clothes and we walked to the other side of Kolky.
St Germaine, Lemon juice
1 carnation
Connections:
What chance does a secular judge have in deciding religious matters? Had you been the chief captain of the Roman garrison in Jerusalem, confronting the crowd of Jews in their charges against the apostle Paul, whose side would you have been on?
loud all hours but the prisoners
They say we get the type of government we deserve, and there may be some truth in this. Anodyne news reporting focusing on feelings, emotions and interpretation is just propaganda by another name: it was Joseph Goebbels who said that ‘the media is the organ on which the government plays its music’, and who can doubt that with Leveson underway? Where is the satire, the biting wit, the opposition – genuine opposition, not opposition for opposition’s sake – which will hold this government, indeed this parliament, to account? Where is the positive vision, the inspiration, the leadership? Are we really so beholden to the media maintained status quo that individuality, wit, flair and intelligence are being stamped out of politics to be replaced by the bland, the anodyne and the dull?
Papa and Lo flew back to the states today, leaving me a few pounds chubbier but sated with enough love to last until my visit home in December.
I love when folks try a tutorial of mine and then tell me (like here and here). Especially when they tell me it worked!! Surely you know Emily, from Go Haus Go? She is one of my favorite bloggers and I wish we lived in the same city (even the same country would work) so we could be pals. Is that weirdly creepy of me? Oh, the adventures we'd have. Like making felted wool billy buttons together.
Mana Poster: Fractal Art
I want to inspire people to question which direction they’re facing when they’re listening to music.
-exacto knife
Netflix suggested I watch Unzipped, a great insider’s look into Isaac Mizrahi 1994 collection. I just about died seeing the young Kate, Naomi, Linda, Cindy and Christy!
Who can take a nothing day, and suddenly make it all seem worthwhile?
Trish:
Omiyage that David and Yuko brought for me.
As I thought about this saying, I searched for the positive. Finally it hit me... Maybe that saying is not true after all. Maybe God does give us more than we can handle. Maybe we are given more than we can individually handle so that we are given the opportunity to lean on others. In this thinking I came up with my new belief.
Due to the distance from the district capital, Monchani rarely gets any type of agricultural developmental assistance – it’s just too difficult to get there by the road for most projects. In fact, they don’t even have a regular MoFA extension agent who comes to their community.
At least we've got St Patty's day to look forward to on Saturday. Anyone have some good Irish recipes to share? I'm looking for a relatively easy version of Corned Beef and Cabbage.
- August 1969 Apple releases “Hare Krishna Mantra” single, produced by George
Spin Kick 2004 Hollywood Movie Watch Online Full Movie
I went to the golf course today but couldn’t get on because they had a men’s club tournament that had to start late due to the cold temps. So I came home and Carol and I went for an 8 mile bike ride.
Why? You may ask. Well, this was the very first year in 6 1/2 years of being a married woman, that I had my very own Christmas tree…. in my own home.
The system of governance in the state shall be a republican system;
Obama has joined with Mexico in waging legal war on an American state of the union. For what act of racism? Arizona had the gall to write a law identical to the federal law so that they could make what was already a federal crime a state crime. If that isn’t racism, I don’t know what is.
2. I won't spoil anything, but I loved the way the movie literally ends, right before the credits. If you've seen it, you know what I'm talking about. It couldn't have ended any other way, and I love the many layers of small questions it brings up. For me, that was the final stamp on how perfect a movie it was. Just how old were his kids, what were they wearing.......
and worn from tough
At First Sight
Islamism is used about the expression of ‘political Islam.’ That is, about the idea that Islam is the political system, which exist on the same level as other political ‘isms, such as Communism, Socialism, Liberalism, and so on. Of course, for the Muslims Islam is the ‘political’ solution, seeing that the religion offers a structure in which the society can exist. But there still is a difference here, the Islamist sees Islam in a different shade than the Muslim believer (one of which he certainly can be himself, I’m not trying to question people’s faith or belief). That is, the Islamist is more of a political revolutionary than a religious believer, in his expression of his concepts of the world. That is what is inherent in the term of ‘Islamism,’ at least today. Whether I agree in it or not is another matter, but at times I do use it, especially since it is a normal term used within academic circles, dealing with Islamic radicalism.
Sharia rocked forward and stumbled to her feet, and found an open pit where he once stood. Far below, the captain lay in a contorted jumble. She looked back to see the belt buckle, smeared with her blood, and noticed a small jewel, a ruby perhaps, depressed in its center. The ringing grew louder and she looked up to see the two remaining knights come stumbling down the hallway, clutching at each other like children, arms and armor momentarily forgotten. When they saw the princess they found their swords and their courage, and their eyes hardened into flashing diamonds in the flickering lamplight. Here was a foe they were worthy to face.
We are a wounded people, we are an occupied people and most dangerously we are a disunited people.
Place figs on heated grill, cook for two to three minutes on each side.
This was her new start on stitching day. Lizzie Kate's Think Spring-very appropriate and we certainly could stand to see a little sunshine in this part of the country.
I’ll start with the disclaimer that I am not a regular listener of MLS’ official “ExtraTime Radio” podcast, and as such don’t have a good feel for the hosts on-air personalities. I’ve seen arguments today that Borg’s comments were just “stirring the drink” and it may well be that increased familiarity with the hosts would provide some context to his sexist statements… but that’s not the point. Disclaimers aside, this is an official MLS-sanctioned production, and in the absence of condemnation/termination DO represent MLS.
I pray as I learn to sit at the feet of Jesus and learn from Him, I may become more like Him. That I may continue to grow the spiritual gifts of self-control, unconditional love and wisdom.
Nara Collins is an average sixteen-year-old, with one exception: every night she dreams the events of the following day. Due to an incident in her past, Nara avoids using her special gift to change fate…until she dreams a future she can’t ignore.
May 1st is also what they consider Labor Day and everyone gets the holiday off. Another celebration held on that day is what they call The Day of Love. Here's an awesome article explaining the holiday about May 1st, The Day of Love which is kind of cool! Basically a famous poet died and everyone goes there every year and lays millions of flowers to honor them. There's also the tall tale that your lady will stay beautiful throughout the next year if you kiss her under a blooming tree on May first. Good luck and hope you kissed your gal yesterday!
Waiting for him to start kindergarten.
Sep 02 Edmonton, AB, Canada – SONiC BOOM
Carrot Cake
Today it is a fully fledged AVA or American Viticultural Area, which is a designated wine grape-growing region in the United States. The AVA rules do not stipulate or restrict grape variety, yield or vinification techniques and so are more akin to the Italian IGT regulations than other European appellation of origin systems.
8. Having a head cold.
The embellishment boxes will be moved and the Stickle shelves will go in their place. The boxes will be moved to where I have hung cards and pictures.
5And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and her child was caught up unto God, and to his throne.
So we have had the UK Flame Off in April organised by Tuffnell Glass It is a great place to meet other flameworkers, buy lots of glass and watch some international and uk artists demonstrate their skills. One of those artist was Claudia Trimbur Pagel who makes the most lovely beads with meticulous stringer work (fine lines of glass) and she makes great DOGS!! I had to have one and this one just reminded my so much of my Milly!
“I signed this bill as a matter of conscience. No individual should face discrimination because of who they are,” said Patrick
LOVEMASTERS - PUSHIN' AND PULLIN'
Thanks to Dan's parents, we already had a small table that was the perfect size. The color wasn't quite right for the guest bedroom, so we decided to give it a little makeover. Here is what the table looked like before. The wormy wood and unusual shape gave it a lot of character, but I didn't like the yellow tone to the varnish, and the plum color would definitely clash with the deep red walls in the guest bedroom.
What would the world look like if Nature had rights? Looking to give the natural world a chance, it appears Bolivia is moving to awarding nature equal rights to humans.
Other than spending lots of time loved up, I've also been really busy with friends: old and new. I've spent some time with the old housemates which was lovely, seen some old friends from back home and away, and had a crazy week long birthday celebration for my best friend and housemate Sophie...
We say to those Europeans: We can get by without you, but you cannot get by without us. We can get by without your products. We will buy from China, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Malaysia, from the Asian countries. We will say what King Faysal – may he rest in peace – said in 1973, in the days of the petroleum war. He said to them: We can get by without the petrol, and return to our days of yore. We will make do with milk and dates. We will drink the milk of our camels, and eat the dates from our palm trees. King Faysal said this when there was a threat to Arab honor. It is all the more true when there is a threat to our Islamic honor, to our prophets, and our religion.
As for my next trip to the urbane, it may be delayed for perhaps another decade.
Observations on the Controversy
I have two babies in nappies, this means I need a nappy bag, a good nappy bag. I have been through many a nappy bag, and finally think I have found the perfect one; the Skip Hop Duo from Maternity Exchange.
But, with a few modifications, I turned this 1.5+ hour endeavor into a delicious 45 minute meal. Much more my style.
Some studies have reported associations between work stress and negative effects on reproduction, especially among women under perticular stress or in the presence of other risk factors.
I don’t know anything about the other girls in the picture, but I do know that my grandmother played in an all-women football team, possibly with some of her co-workers. My grandfather saw them play and said they were very good (and he was not one to lavish praise where football was concerned). She would still have been living at home with her parents, and by 1916 two of her elder brothers had been killed in the war. This may account for my great-grandfather’s paternal strictness. Having lost two of his sons he was protective towards his future son-in-law, and if my Gran went out with her friends to alleviate some of the tediousness and loneliness, this was frowned upon, whilst “That lad is fighting for King and Country.” She did however, come home with a tattoo at the top of her arm on one occasion, perhaps egged on by the other girls. Nothing changes, and peer pressure was as strong then as it is today. For the rest of her life she was deeply embarrassed by this. My grandfather had no such qualms about his own tattoo, which proudly proclaimed his love for my grandmother; her name surrounded by hearts and flowers if I remember correctly. As a nineteen-year old soldier serving in France it was probably 'de rigueur’.
For me, I try not to let three months pass without going to visit my parents. When I lived the very furthest away from them than I ever lived, the longest I went was six months to a year.
1 teaspoon black pepper
The person I am most inspired by is Tim Holtz. I love all his designs, distressed inks and stamps, idea-ology range and much more, you can find more about Tim Holtz by visiting his website here.
Makes 4 servings; 1 serving = 2 1/4 cups soup w/ 3/4 cup lettuce, 2 tortilla chips, 1 tablespoon cheese
At the wedding I did dance a lot, which caused some non-laborish contractions but otherwise nothing to get excited about.
Green co-leader Patrick Harvie said the cover was "ill-judged and patronising", but added:
Jaela - 5 foot 6
I think my mailbox is themed pink and green this week, which is funny because pink and green are two of my favourite colours (the other two being blue and purple)! :) But even if it wasn't, I'd still say that this mailbox is year-making-worthy!
Amanda:"YOU MEAN I CAN JUST BUY AN ABRA!?"
Also if this thing with Atlantis is at the END of the book, it really has no place in the query. A query should entice me to read on with the events that happen at the START of the book.
21. Forgiveness... both giving and getting it.
In New Book, Former White House Intern Details Her Alleged Affair With JFK (NPR)
There are a lot of reasons not to write anything. There are always reasons, ranging from the unavoidable (working to put food on your table) to the foolish (watching two hours of Futurama on Netflix). Since there are always things to keep us from writing, it’s crucial to find time no matter what is standing in the way.
i have great news! :) the Waja’s finally back from its five-weeks rehab session in the car workshop after my stupid accident (bmw driver, i still hate you). the car is back! the car is BACK :) i cannot express my utter relief. although i made a vow not to drive the waja at least six months after my accident. the vow still stands. … and then me, mom, jean and lis dropped by the mall for a movie. yeah i know. a movie. the last time we all went to watch a movie together, it was the third LOTR and i was like, 13. … oh! and i also went shopping. no need to list down my purchases, because, really, who wants to hear about my new black thong heels and oversized beige long-sleeved tee and make-up right? :) … oh oh! and i also got books! like five new books. like two from Jane Austen, and The Diary of a Young Girl by Anna Frank, and a pulitzer prize winning novel by Frank McCourt and another book about, idk, chinese girls. :D
David: Why do people do such terrible things?
do- visit the Trendsetter’s blogs that are participating in each of the blog hop challenges below and comment on their creations as you go. One of the Trendsetter’s blogs (from each hop day) will be randomly chosen as the ‘it’ blog and a winner will be picked using a random number generator from the comments left on that Trendsetter’s Blog Hop Challenge post. You will not know which blog has been chosen so the more you comment on the better your chances are of winning new stamps! The Blog Hop Challenges will be open until 5 PM Eastern Time Saturday February 25th with the winner being announced during the release party chat.
Now, make sure to take some time and browse my fellow DT member's blogs for even more inspiration using Home Sweet Home!!
But I'm having them. I must be honest with myself about all of this. I need a good, long, doubled-over sobbing bawlfest. And maybe a martini or three. And I need lots, and lots, and LOTS of positive, healing thoughts and energy sent my way.
I don’t really have vegetables in my apartment. I have fruit. I have salad stuff. But no hardcore vegetables. I actually had to Google as to whether artichoke was a vegetable or not. I had plans to go to the store and get some for this exercise however I was so wrecked on Monday from the weekend that I went to bed at 7pm.
We went to several stores, and came home with quite the haul! This tree is going to ROCK the Festival Trees...there's no doubt about it! Thank you so much to Becki, Gretchen, April, and Stephanie. I just love how much you love Carter, and I can't wait until Decorating Day to see this project come together!
“2005 batch”, she smiled back and said.
Thanks for following me on my journey. Here's to a scrappyrifficabulous 2012!
Thanks for all the well wishes on my move!! I can't believe I'm leaving Michigan in less than a week. And am I packed? Nope. Haha!
Here’s an excerpt from that patterning exercise:
8. Now, (and I am being totally serious here), do this: Gather your energy inside, and shake like a dog!
There’s just so much evidence to the contrary it makes me think you’re actually not talking about history, just about what you’d like history to be.
On Friday night, four of my local friends came over for dinner. We talked about the rebellion and the coup, and they had one thing to ask of me: “Tell your people in America not to put sanctions on us!” I promised to pass the request on. Where the coup is concerned, most of us here believe the best course of action is to let Bamako’s political class sort out their differences on their own, without further destabilizing this society by applying collective punishment. Sanctions might only make the junta dig in its heels deeper and could even rally popular support — currently waning — to the coup leaders.
I have a confession: I’m a smoker. Cue the booing and looks of disgust. It’s okay. I totally agree with you. It’s a disgusting habit. I’m not proud that I smoke, but it’s a pretty big part of my life (again, not proud of it), so I’d like to share my thoughts about it.
(me:green, bossman:white)
What’s Low T?
It's the beginning of the month so it's time to share with you my card that I made for the Spring/Easter challenge that started today over at the Joanna Sheen Challenge. This is our last monthly challenge before we change to bi-weekly on the 1st April!!!
Here are my Top Five Questions to think about when you're planning a trip.
The students pitched a variety of questions to James and Peter, particularly regarding the issue of sustainability. This opened up an interesting discussion about the use of regrind and virgin materials, and what how the product designer can help to ensure that the plastic has a good resale value at the end of its life by taking certain steps such as maintaining the natural colouring. This lead to an interesting debate about the use and potential future of bioplastics, with some arguing that producing products from recyclable plastics such as polypropylene, ABS, polycarbonate and HDPE may be more beneficial than using a biodegradable material which cannot be recycled.
My mother might have been ready to say something, but then my father, having been awaken by the exchange, jumped in;
Available at Sephora.com and Origins.com ($37.50)
I have spent the day recording all my information for my tea and spice dyeing class in a 8.5 x 11 journal.
The exchange with my colleague started me remembering my family’s diet when I was growing up. It had a high “reliability” quotient, too. Fruits were mostly bananas, oranges and apples, although we did enjoy greater variety in the summer. Vegetables were more static – mostly peas, potatoes, carrots and corn, often masked with cream sauces. Salads were iceberg lettuce with tomatoes. I didn’t taste eggplant or lentils until I was an adult, and strawberries came frozen in little tins, to be thawed and eaten on shortcake with Cool Whip. Butternut squash? Red cabbage? Blackberries? They never touched my lips until I decided to seek them out and give them their fair shot.
05 - Can't Help Falling In Love ~ Bed Of Roses
Rather than pick a Pinot Noir or Gamay, the sommelier steered me to Blaufrankisch, a light to medium bodied red wine out of Austria. I'd had one Blaufrankisch years ago and found it to be far too acidic and unbalanced for my taste, but the sommelier seemed to be really passionate about the wine so we ordered it. Good call. The 2008 Judith Beck Blaufrankisch was a smooth, medium bodied red with bright cherry notes and good acidic structure. It paired perfectly with almost everything we ordered - from the creamy hummus to the lamb flatbread to the filet.
Drinkability is simply gauged by a simple question, 'Could I drink another one of these?' No thanks AB-IB! I truly believe America has the best beer in the world - drink American craft beer and support your local breweries. Craft beer is a beverage that costs about the same as something like Bud Light and it provides less 'risky' opportunities to try than say a craft wine. Consume something that has creative stature and simply tastes better.
Sensing a raw nerve, I decided to push it.
- butterflies punched from a different sheet in the pack - see what I mean about mix and match, the red is perfect with the tulip on the backing paper. The bold design of the backing paper seemed to want a bold and rounded butterfly rather than a delicate one
I know this one has popped up on a number of other evil file-sharing blogs over the years, but it really is too good to miss. If you've never come across them before, the Ikenga Super Stars of Africa play the kind of dizzying, funky highlife that is sure to move both asses and minds. The interweaving guitars on these two long songs never fail to send me into a kaleidoscope hypno-trance, and that could never be a bad thing, could it?
For my part, if a lie may do thee grace,
All in all the Tart, the Hussy and the Trollop had a fantastic evening! I was awake a total of 22.5 hours by the time I got home last night(don't ask me why I wake at 4am these days every night) and I'm still groggy from my nap today.
But I've recently been approached and asked to participate in one activity that, by any standards, is not OK at all. It's ethically wrong. In fact, it is probably illegal.
I might still be ruining Mom's recipes, but at least I've learned how to at least make a recipe look like hers along the way. I used the same vegetables and sauce ingredients, but made it Mom 2012 style by cutting the fat in a big way.
the exception of minimal local changes where the two sections are adjacent to each other, their
We no longer get paychecks. We can check, but don't, our direct deposits online.
Weekend Workouts didn't happen...ugh, I know! I felt like a slacker, but honestly we had a busy weekend and it was tough to find the energy or the time when we were rushing from place to place all weekend! I know, I always say NO EXCUSES and here I am making them...but I plan on making up for the lack of workouts, this week! I am planning on a morning run before the boys wake up, so I'll keep you posted.
to chronicle his stereoscopic journey through Pandora at Europe’s largest broadcast exhibition.
Optical Illusion.
The fiery desert air cut easily through Peter’s rags. His tormentors had sliced open the soles of his feet and each step tortured him. The men in black masks took him down to the Valley of Judgment- that’s what they called it- three miles outside of town. Peter was scared, but he would not give his captors the satisfaction of his weakness. He began to sing the Te Deum, softly at first, but he grew louder as he got closer.
I feel like all of these resolutions are definitely doable.
And for Albertans, furious about the disastrous National Energy Program, this was an argument that resonated.
The company says it will comply with a court injunction to turn off “the searching, downloading, uploading, file trading and/or file distribution functionality, and/or all functionality” of its software, which remains one of the most popular methods of finding free–and illegal–music on the Web. The company’s moves won’t affect other open source clients that run on the same Gnutella network, like FrostWire.
They accepted me into year 11 to do VCE. It was a struggle and I failed 3 subjects in the first semester even though I did pass a year 12 subject. It was difficult because I didn't have access to computers - year 12 students always had preference. I dropped a subject and I did better as I had more time. I grew up believing that I would drop out at year 10 and go on the dole, as was the thinking for most students who came from a low socio economic background. But at that stage, people changed their thinking and people especially as the VCE was fairly new and seen as helpful. Since everyone was doing it, maybe it didn't hold as much value anyway, especially compared to those who were actually getting work experience. This was a problem for many people who were studying trying to help themselves get work, without experience it wasn't enough to stop you from joining the dole queue.
for all your kindnesses and support over this
Umm, now am I missing something here? Not partner, but ex-partner. SO WHAT IS BRIDGE'S BLOODY PROBLEM? GET OVER IT YOU SNIVELLING BASTARD
allow myself time to rejoice or grieve or learn or explore my fears or try new things,
UPS Store 118A
1318 **D-V/6/1999. “Martin Luther King and the Letter from Birmingham Jail.” Lenoir-Rhyne College Hickory Humanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina. (Incorporated, with Item D-IV/7/1968, above, in Item C-1999(16), above, pp. 498-514.)
It's on days like today that I have to remember that nothing matters but keeping her healthy, safe, and as happy as possible. The chores can wait. Dinner can easily be frozen pizza (again). I'll just keep in mind that my daughter is darling and her fussiness is not her fault (nor is it mine for that matter). Then, I look at pictures of her at her cutest...
How could this happen? I was so proud of my accomplishment. The pastor’s letter is put into the newsletter. We print the letters and the labels in the same order so that they coordinate, making it easy for the newsletter team to match letters to labels.
5. Not a poetry book but a book for poets that I have come to very late, Wabi-Sabi for Artists, Designers, Poets & Philosophers has made me look at nearly everything differently this Summer. The book describes Wabi-Sabi as 'a beauty of things imperfect, impermanent, and incomplete,' and is a practice rather than an end result. The tension it describes between the meanings of Wabi and Sabi is perhaps the most exciting one thing I've read for a long time.
TWO tables full of family and friends at my house for Thanksgiving dinner
There was a landslide in Sth Korea killing 32 people.
That wasn’t hard. As soon as AdRock ran out, wearing a Virgin de Guadalupe tee shirt and a Job rolling papers baseball cap, and MCA shouted, “RIDDLE ME THIS MY BROTHER, CAN YOU HANDLE IT?” Raina and I clutched each other and collapsed in screams and tears. There they were, just FEET in front of us! Each time a camera came by we jumped up and did “the horns” (the universal sign of ROCK AND ROLL) and we were sure we were captured, and sure that Ad Rock and MCA would see us in the footage and think, “Who are those conservatively dressed vixens? They will be ours!”
Things I Love About Summer:
“Creating new memories stretches out psychological time, and lengthens our perception of our lives…life seems to speed up as we get older because life gets less memorable as we older.”
And now thinking about it, it is true that when I feel strongly about something, I can be very assertive, and even frank, when putting my opinions forwards. And I have no trouble making decisions about the things I feel strongly about – perhaps the choice between tea and coffee is just not that important to me! And the great thing? Now that I have this insight into how I behave, I have much more confidence in my ability to be assertive and decisive.
Seeing the mighty fall? Priceless.
April 27th:
Hi everyone – and thank you very much, Nell, for inviting me! I describe myself as a 19th-century mind in a 21st-century body (actually, some days it’s the other way round) because I’m on a mission to modernise Jane Austen’s six completed novels. So far, I’ve updated Emma and Persuasion as The Importance of Being Emma and Persuade Me, published by Choc Lit.
Where: THE BORZONE!
"It’s OK, Gayle. You did a bad thing. You were purposefully hurtful to someone who’d never done anything to you, and had in fact helped you in the past. You don’t have to post anything on your blog that you don’t want to; you just have to think about what sort of space you want your blog to be."
Put 6 Roma Tomatoes in a blender and pulse until it's a chunky puree (as pictured on the right)
Your comments, in my opinion have totally violated Miller’s privacy, because you have subtly brought up details of her diagnosis, without naming the specific condition leaving the public to speculate as to her mental state. You’ve now put more fodder out there, and diverted the public away from the REAL ISSUE…which is not Miller’s mental state, but DID THE STATE ABUSE MILLER”S RIGHTS BY NOT FOLLOWING PROPER PROCEDURE!
Kyle, 7 1/2 (2nd grade)
So yeah, that’s the first 6 Hellraiser movies. It’s been a wild, crazy, stupid, ridiculous ride and I am glad it’s over. The thing with all of these movies is, they all had potential. Doug Bradley always seemed to be into what he was doing and the stories were all intriguing on paper, but the execution was just SO POOR that it completely ruined any chance of them being enjoyable. I really like a good occult horror movie, but none of these movies were good! They were all either dull, ridiculous or both. I’ve never seen a franchise with so much potential screw up everything in such a monumental way, and for that I thought these movies were worth reviewing. This has been Project: Hellraiser. Glad you’ve been along for the ride.
Oh, what they must have gone through. Can you imagine the pits in their stomachs? It was the fall of 1969 when I was conceived. They were both seniors at the University of Illinois–on track to graduate. In those days, having a baby before marriage carried such a different weight than it does now. They hid it. They hid everything. They hid it all very well–as far as they knew. And, probably, based on the history of how birthparents and adoptive parents were educated in those days–they believed and were told ignorance would be bliss for them.
Thanks for all the awesome feedback on the Dining Room mood boards! I haven't tallied the votes, but wouldn't you know it, both rugs are sold out now!?! Who bought my new chevron rug?!
Yeah yeah
How's that for reality blogging? One thing I need to do on this cabinet is paint the inside as well as the base. Steady pace...
There are beautiful little houses, with fully decked out trees. A cute little church that REALLY needs some lights behind it to show the stained glass windows…
A mass-marketed candy such as Peeps is certainly not anything that is special to New York City. But, nonetheless, they can be found here, primarily in chain stores, such as Duane Reade.
Musk Ox, from Ottawa, approaches “Riu Riu Chiu” with experimental jazz riffs via their signature artful banjo playing, while The Wilderness of Manitoba — actually from Toronto — ups the prog-folk for a hauntingly beautiful version of “Hark! The Herald Angels Sing.”
So we are pulling the plug and telling Cox Cable to shove it. No more television, no more phone service, no more broadband internet connection.
Sippy cups are on sale now for $10 each!
Box 4:
SV: What do I think? I tried to stay ahead. Obviously, we were racing each other. I don’t think there’s anything wrong with that. Sure, from a team point of view, if you have the cars quite isolated in second and third, the first car is away, the fourth car is pretty far away as well, so from the team’s point of view, there’s no point in racing and trying to do something stupid because the points for the team are the same, the difference between second and third is not massive, but naturally we try to race. What can I say? I was trying to defend my position which I did. I was struggling, Mark was faster. And then there was the chequered flag.
The question is, can someone who is among the best get better?
See how awesome it is? You can download the pinlet tool that allows you to pin any image you see on the internet. I didn't download it though because I hate downloading stuff. I just repin the pins of others. I've yet to find something that I wanted to pin that wasn't already pinned by someone else. But maybe I am just generic like that.
Calcium channel blockers help keep the arteries open and reduce blood pressure. Aspirin helps prevent blood clots from forming on plaques. Statins help reduce cholesterol levels, which can lessen ischemic events.
STITCH ABBREVIATIONS, most common ... brief repeat of an earlier post, but do read on after the stitches for additional info:
It isn't easy to humble yourself! It can be hard to say, "I was wrong. Please accept my apology and forgive me." But think what happens to relationships when we do that. Some people are willing to forgive and move on, what a blessing! Others have a hard time and then the relationship is lost, which is so very sad. All you can do is your part to reach halfway.
The author of Of Moths and Butterflies, V.R. Christensen, (here is her website) has graciously included me in a Game of Excerpts! (Not unlike A Game of Thrones, I’m sure.) I am chuffed to be tagged in this simple activity called “Lucky 7,” where we authors share seven lines from our current works-in-progress.
Seem things in some procession of the dead,
Tomorrow I return to the hospital for a CAT Scan and an MRI to see what the radiation accomplished and what's going on inside my noggin. Neither one of these tests are invasive, but scare the hell out me none the less! I have two little anti-anxiety pills to take, AND WILL, to save the sanity of my husband, the techs, and myself.
Now, a stollen made with yeast that doesn't provoke any chemical reaction is another story. It becomes a denser block of dough and fruit--one with a marzipan filling. Meaning, I ate it anyway and it wasn't bad at all. And I guess even my sister agreed.
It is possible
I have read Tea's competent, assured, boring-as-fuck prose before: in a million other aspiring writers churned out by the MFA system, who then go on to take up professions as teachers in the MFA system, passing on their identical mediocrity to a new generation of award-winning identical mediocre visionaries.And later:
spicy sesame noodles with red peppers, peas & scallions
So I suppose my trust must continue, in all of these areas in life, to be Christ and Him crucified for my sins. Just as He’s changed my disposition toward those who hurt me to one where I seek their good, He will be faithful to show me my own idolatry. He’s given me good gifts over and above reconciliation with Himself: He’s given me Caruso to listen to, iced tea to drink, a laptop to use, a book about the General Epistles to read for class, a Bible in my language, a wireless mouse, friends who call me up to go to concerts at the last minute, a cell phone that works, a love for old movies. And reconciliation to Him is more than I could’ve hoped for. How much more are the every day graces simply, in one sense, icing on the cake? But also, in another sense, how could such good gifts only be icing? I don’t think they are. They’re far more nourishing to the soul when served with the delicious dish of reconciliation to the Father.
The image was colored with Copics and Prismacolor pencils...and the DPs are from Bo Bunny's "Country Garden" collection. If you'd like more info on this card as well as a peek at a few more photos, please pop on over to my blog HERE...I always love company!
I won this book from a Shelf Awareness contest.
First posted April 20, 2008
It's not the politics, it's the attitude of disinformation, manipulation, propaganda, and traditionalism that scares the heckballs out of Bad People everywhere, but we can't stop watching it... Chances are, Fox is on in the background at Bad People HQ right now.
2010.08.31 Afghanistan Kabul 3 12 Three supreme court employees are riddled with bullets by Holy Warriors.
We all knew that the update that came about a week ago would come today. Nothing really changed, I covered basically everything in that post (massively updated it many times!), except the White Days events which I just don’t want to talk about. Guess I have to, though, since I’d feel uneasy if I don’t cover them :/.
today..He's been sick since Friday and now
I do, however, have a couple prayer requests for those of you who read this post.
You follow? No, I don’t blame you. But the hallucinatory brainstorming that went into what is supposedly some kind of narrative extends to the music as well, which swings and soars and should appeal to anyone with a soft spot for oddball show tunes. Southworth has always been a fine pop writer, but this is a major compositional leap for him: these are not just pop or folk songs set to small orchestral arrangements. He toys with tempo, writes broad melodic themes, and taps into Old World influences of every stripe. His voice shepherds the potentially
But, praise God, there are others of us who have had enough of this world system. We are seeing the wickedness of this earth as exceeding sinful. Some of us are saying, “Stop the world. I want to get off.” We are more than eager to get to our eternal home, heaven. But we have to await the Lord’s timing.
It’s one of the very few genuinely funny anime comedy series, and it is so worth your time.
After riding rides, we went to the water area. This is the first year they had a wave pool, and Dylan's first experience with waves. At first, he went way out in Jim's arms, but when the waves were crashing against him and all around him, he decided they were out WAY TOO FAR! But once he was safely back in the shallow he loved it, and didn't want to get out, in spite of the fact that he was shivering and his lips were purple.
Separate egg yolks and whites, keeping yolks in half of the shell for later use.
The answer seems to start with America’s obsession with the scale.
First let's recap what OPKs are and how they work. OPK is short for Ovulation Prediction Kits.These tests pick up the Luteinizing Hormone (LH) surge that is produced just before ovulation. Just like a Home Pregnancy Tests (HPT), these tests come in different forms; strips, cassettes or midstream.
Theon/Winterfell: Theon’s sulking that none of his people take him seriously. They openly mock him when he tries to take command of his ship. His sister joins in because her people love her, so there Theon. He figures out that on the Iron Islands taking stuff is more important than words. So he makes a plan to attack one of the North’s forts. The reaction from Bran – and Winterfell – is just what Theon expects. They send reinforcements, leaving themselves vulnerable. Anyone else see where this is going? It might also help that Bran had a very heavy handed prophecy dream about horrible things happening to his home. (PS – you’re welcome ladies for the images below.)
1 large Russet potato, peeled and finely chopped
beach balls
To get us into the Christmas spirit, and since we are not buying a tree, I decided to buy a Belén with the central cast of characters. I thought it will make a great tradition to bring back of our time in Spain. Nicky is having great fun playing with the figurines. The Angel and the cow are regularly having fights with each other, and one day I found the Angel dead in the cradle on top of poor baby Jesus.
Bottom line: Willard outspent Little Ricky 5-1, and this was the best he could do- a dubious and questionable 1% point win.
"Surely you must know where they can be found, my child."
Sick of this grind and I think that I ought
The .308 Winchester cartridge is similar to the 7.62 x 51mm NATO cartridge. Depending on a few variables such as bullet mass, barrel length, etc.. the effective range of this bullet is anything between 800 – 1000 meters.
Scott: No, it’s ‘T’. ‘T’ for Tommy. ‘T’ for Tango.
Welcome Dom! Tell us about The Galahad series and your latest novel, The Galahad Legacy.
A generous hand full of crushed cornflakes
Thank goodness for general anaesthesia.
Though I could not find the recipe for the Recoleta, my time was not spent in vain. I did unearth one cocktail that included both champagne and Fernet--the I.B.F. Pick-Me-Up. Created in the 1920s by Bob Card, a bartender at Harry's New York Bar in Paris, this cocktail was first published in Barflies and Cocktails (1927). However, I discovered it tangled up in all of the hangover cures that so dominate the subject of cocktail blogs during the last weeks of the year. Like in the Fernet Cocktail (Robert Vermeire's Cocktails How to Mix Them (1922)) that later became known as the Toronto, a small amount of Fernet is added to the combination of a "more neutral" base spirit and a bit of sweetener, here provided by the orange liqueur. It is the addition of champagne that provides the interest, however--the acidity of the sparkler could have easily undone the balance.
3) If my satnav repeated directions as many times as Dora, it would be thrown out the car window.
that's right, I am 1 of 100 people
I'm generally a very patient person, but when it comes to baking I'm uncharacteristically impatient. I don't want to wait for things to chill for 30 minutes or cool completely or rise until doubled in volume. I just want to get to the part where I can eat it!
This presentation is relevant to flats because those of us who come to live here, especially those of us who come to lead and invest our own lives here, are ‘ideals‘ people. We need to hear the message of Ecclesiastes – probably every week or so! And the hopelessness that surrounds us is ever-threatening to overtake us. Walking down our little section of Winnipeg’s Main street is a picture of injustice and brokenness. Suicide and death are daily realities we cannot escape. If we wanted to wallow in all that, it’d sure be easy. But hope is real, God is good, and meaning exists in all of it.
It was a lot like a sporting event, the way people got so into it. We were still chanting, "RED! RED! RED! RED!" when we were out in the parking lot, and complete strangers would join in because none of us wanted the experience to end. Overall, Medieval Times is a really fun place to plan a weekend with friends who know how to have a good time. (Plus there's alcohol involved, which is badass.)
Producers: Sindri Páll Kjartansson, Baldvin Esra Einarsson
- a few pins
But the right wing poses the real threat, or at least according to the media. Just like the Tea Parties in America. Real racist terrorists they are, even cleaning up behind them after a rally. Unlike the 60s hippie wanna-be “Occupy Wall Street” movement whose members defecate on police vehicles. Which brings me back to my point.
My schedule.
Mekons - Rock N' Roll - 1989
This is what vaccines have become in America today: A military agenda against the People. And the IoM sits at the hub of influence for this diabolical command center. This is all explained in more detail in the rest of this story, as well as in upcoming stories about the IoM slated for publication here on NaturalNews.
Alphabet Photography by Sticks & Stones is the perfect way to give someone a personal gift for their home, that is like none other they have ever received! And it works for all occasions like weddings, house warming, birthdays and anniversaries!
Take a peek under those headphones, and you'll see why this is a Salt-N-Peppa-inspired Cupcake. There is a raw salted caramel (I just quickly mixed some date paste with pure maple syrup and sea salt) drizzled on a Vanilla Bean "Butterdream" that frosts the top of a chocolate smoked pepper cupcake. It's essentially a salt and pepper cupcake.
Most of these factors will almost always indicate the jeep sioux city iowa to give me the exact recipe. She said it was unearthed in the jeep sioux city iowa, the jeep sioux city iowa in Council Bluffs is open 24 hours, with 38,500 square feet, 1,589 slots, 36 table games, such as the jeep sioux city iowa be one of the 2008 floods.
1 1/2 cups sprouted moong
The day that true love died, The day that true love died
We are currently at 6,000 views to date and we still need 4,000 more.
5. Blue Suede Schubert*
My sister and her fiance are on the plane, flying back to the West Coast. They had to leave at 4:30 this morning to get to the airport. Seeing them was one of the highlights of this holiday season; I see my sister once a year and we have to pack a lot into this short visit.
There is still much to do and the Leadership that has given us guidance over the last two and a half decades continues to ramp up the pressure.
2. Do you have to create your own molds to do the stamping?
Well, me, if you are rich enough to afford fake boobs (which look horrible if you ask me) with the corresponding scars, nipples that have been cut off and re-stitched somewhere else (forehead?) etc, then you can bloody well pay for them to be fixed yourself.
* Engaging in his/her own ongoing professional development; and
To start off, a little about myself.
Oops, let’s not forget the Gene Modified corn and the lawsuits rockin’ the midwest. Turns out the weeds are becoming resistant to Round-Up. Who could have ever predicted that? So now they need a new herbicide, and they’re using something derived from Agent Orange, and Dow and probably Monsanto are in with the fix, making sure they can force this down everybody’s throats and that the farmers working nearby fields who don’t have the GM corn–which is really the problem, right? Everybody should buy their goddamn GM corn so that their fields can be sprayed with 2,4-D. And if they don’t, then frack ‘em.
…the habit, uncommon ten years ago, now ubiquitous, of ending cell-phone conversations by braying the words “LOVE YOU!” Or, even more oppressive and grating: “I LOVE YOU!” It makes me want to go and live in China, where I don’t understand the language.
We all know about the cultural heritage , the history and the geography of the city. We know of its rich cuisine ranging from the sumptuous stuff from the walled city to the swanky restaurants and food joints of pompous South Delhi.
If you’ve seen the trailer for upcoming special effects disaster Battleship then you can’t possibly have missed the blue pixilated Navy uniform that Rihanna’s sporting. There are more things wrong with that movie than just Rihanna’s eye punishing outfit, but not many.
The “commission” is the spread on the trade. Right now, the spread is $0.51 per ounce. The moment I buy in at $1389.01 I could close it at $1388.50, and that’s the extent of my transaction costs. The broker pockets the $0.51 on that initial transaction, but there aren’t additional costs to close the trade. There are some small rollover/holding charges that come into play if you hold it for a long period of time. That amounts to roughly one penny per ounce per week.
"ARMS outstretched, his deep voice resonating around the town hall, the white-bearded speaker summoned the Afrikaner "volk" to battle, with rousing words from the past. "Now is not the time to be afraid," he shouted, to grumblings of approval from the audience of burly, khaki-clad farmers, their wives and children. "Now all true Afrikaners must reach out to each other and fight to the bitter end."
We've also adopted a stray kitten (whom we've named Bandit...but that's a story for another time).
06 Mykonos
Better: I am going to aim to lose 1.5 lbs per week until I reach my goal weight.
The possibilities are endless for pizza. Add as much or as little as you like. Sometimes we just add a little sliced onion and few tomatoes and that does it. Just gives it a little bit extra to make it that much better.
Barclaycard have a few deals on their credit cards during the month of May which may be of interest! Personally, I don’t have a credit card. I do have a store catalogue which I use for big purchases though. I recently bought Miss C a new bed, something she desperately needed but I didn’t have the cash to just go out and buy one. I ordered her bed through my catalogue and I now pay it off on a monthly basis, interest free for the year, making it much more manageable for me.
The Belle Report, is reporting that Kim Burrell will be install as senior pastor of Houston's Love and Liberty Fellowship Church.....on February 3-5......special guest include Pastor Donnie McClurkin, Bishop Hezekiah Walker and Evangelist Shirley Caesar.
The club welcomes members of all ages and abilities, with mens, womens and veteran’s team playing regularly at the green.
1 tsp fennel seed(do not leave out)
The best part is Darrell’s face when he saw it. I haven’t seen him that happy in a LONG time.
I've had a couple of emails lately asking about washing up. I've written about this in the past but its over a year now since we got rid of our dishwasher so I thought it would be interesting to write about going back to washing up by hand.
In my mind, they're the ultimate Seventies couple. They always had the latest in home furnishings, moved house a lot just to get a load of new stuff and holidayed glamorously at beach clubs in the south of France long before anyone else had even thought of it. And naturally, they always had really smart cars too. When it was Pam's turn to the do the school run she'd have to phone the school to say what car she'd be in. It was something different every day, and there was nothing like roaring home in a maroon Jag.
What now?
Actress Lana Clarkson has a tiny role as “Mrs. Vargas”. She was the actress found dead in the mansion of music producer Phil Spector. Spector was tried for murder and was convicted after a long trial in 2009.
Soon the cast will come off, but the lesson has been learned. Dingo reminds me, in her goofy, awkward, “ding a ling” way, that I must be present and patient in all of life’s moments. Even the seemingly mundane ones such as dog walking. I have said before, that dogs are our bodhisattvas in fur and this was revealed to me again in an eye opening (and bone breaking) moment.
2 heaped cup onion (300g), finely chopped
have SEO features planted therein.
Q: How many Wenn Deramases does it take to change a light bulb?
But Kat Stephenson is no ordinary young lady.
As always, The Slog returns to what real people are doing rather than what the frightened rabbits are saying. Here’s what I see as something of a pointer: Goldman Sachs confirmed yesterday it is to shut its Global Alpha fund, after clients pulled money from the quantitative trading pool that was once the firm’s largest hedge fund. In 2007-08 – after going like a storm – the Alpha Fund lost two fifths of its value due to bad bets on currencies, equities and bonds worldwide. Once bitten, twice shy as they say. Goldman (and its clients) clearly know what’s coming.
On a group of beautiful deserted islands in the middle of nowhere, the following people are stranded:
I need a vacation...I need to relax...
by Dr. Jeffrey Lant
Keep in mind, I am still fairly new to the whole dating thing at this point. My first thought was that I didn’t know what he was talking about because this asshole already had my phone number. Besides, I didn’t really think the finger quotes would be necessary if that’s what he meant.
Mychal Lamar Hulse, 30, New York, N.Y.
Earlier, he had been suspended for skipping school and showing up late to class. And most recently, in February, he was suspended again when officials found a ‘marijuana pipe’ and an empty baggie with traces of the drug.
“To stop this undesirable sensation I might then still have had recourse to the aid of that maleficent property existing also in me, as in contemporary man, which has become inherent in all of us, and which enables us, without experiencing any remorse of conscience whatever, to put off anything we wish to do “till tomorrow”.
Pookie behaves like a human for the moment, she shares her time between bed and computer. It's still too cold for her to go outside.
refers to openness and honesty, whereas, weakness refers to lack of control or discipline.
The enterprise went on to become the largest distillery in the young nation, and operated even after Washington's death in 1799 -- until it burned to the ground in 1814, becoming forgotten for two centuries, until its foundation was uncovered in a 2000 archaeological dig.
3. Kyle Sandilands
I have coloured this one with my Copic's on X-Press It bending paper and the DP is from My Minds Eye - Madison Avenue' Collection which is also available from Bizzy Bec's along with the flowers and pearls. The border is done with a Martha Stewart punch.
We arrived in town on Sunday afternoon. It was 4PM and we were starving. It was too late for lunch, but early for dinner - unless you're on NY time. We realized we would just have to have a "linner" somewhere.
He has also been put right back into work since coming here without missing a beat. While he does have his stubborn moments, his brain is pretty solid.
The economics involved of making an affiliate marketing program beneficial can be simple, yet unquestionable. Say for instance, when a visitor ups a form to the website of the affiliate, the affiliate may be earning .50 cent from the company that he's promoting. In a single day, he may refer ten visitors – which is equivalent to 5.00.
In the end I could not wait for the curtain calls because the intermissions were long and the whole show was 6 hours long, and if I stayed to take a few photos I would have missed my train to Paris.
But we're trying a new inhaler and we'll see what happens.
Remember to leave my lovely ladybug buddies some ladybug love though - you can find their links in the sidebar or from the TLT Challenge blog page - http://ladybugscraftsinkchallengeblog.blogspot.com/
You can buy the book from Amazon, but if you get it through John’s site, www.stanleybooks.net, he’ll autograph a copy for you. Even if you don’t buy the book, be sure to check out his site and “click” every option as there are more cool books including, “The Creature Features Movie Guide” and his autobiographical, “I Was a TV Horror Host,” and various “Creature Feature” DVDs as well.
What label might Americans who view the lack of drug price negotiation in Medicare Part D as corrupt now apply to the 2009 Obama deal with drug makers at the outset of this new reform?
The hoarder’s things keep getting lost –
03 My Best Friend's Girl
That’s fine, that’s great, I’m firm believer in making the games you want to see but dressing it up as some sort of moral superiority and promoting it by denigrating others is not only self-deluded, but unethical itself.
-TNA Superstar Rob Van Dam
I've already written about how my Sweetie doesn't like it when I get too personal here on the blog so it is possible I am crossing a line. I certainly don't want to upset him but something must be done! Since nothing else has gotten me to do anything it is time for a dose of public shame! So here we go:
This is a painting by the hand of my oldest friend, Karen. It hung in my first restaurant & in my toilet as well. It has been with me everywhere since 1985 & even before that! I have noticed that Japanese people are taken with it, truly.....
These are the things I want to remember from that day.
Consumers expect salespeople to have a website, be on LinkedIn and other social media. Potential clients would likely think it weird that a producer had no Google presence.
Now, it's no secret that I'm obsessed with Hussle Club. When my brother-from-another-mother, Josh Madden, turned me onto Hussle Club I immediately punched him in the face for holding them from me for so long. Black Terry fronting a goth band that sounds like Bauhaus at a rave? SIGN ME UP. This is why I'm BEYOND excited that AXE agreed to use Hussle Club's "Quarenteenagers" for the commercial!
This continued for weeks. The relationship starting to get rocky, the weird psyops and harassment going on, the Squidgate situation, etc. all somehow seemed a bit unreal. Everything was going to be fine. I could feel it.
Drop by teaspoonful onto prepared cookie sheets, leaving space for the cookies to spread. Bake for approximately 15 minutes, or until the edges are slightly brown. Cool for a minute or two on the cookie sheets, then transfer to a rack to continue cooling.
“An impression of your fangs?” he asked amused.
Through it all, though, this is still a Chuck Jones cartoon – facial expressions abound, bodies stretch and contract in physically impossible ways, and all of it is done to heighten the characters’ emotional state for the audience. I love the style of Jones’ backgrounds here; while simply rendered they manage to be both stylish, colorful, and functional. Jones frequently uses perspective to heighten emotional impact, especially in scenes involving the Grinch’s sled, which heighten everything from Max’s joy to the Grinch’s panic to Max’s fear.
And the reason I couldn't wait is because this beer is that extremely rare combination of utterly delicious and utterly unique.
I came up with a Butter Pecan Scone that would have pleased my mother very much; it was definitely one of her favorite flavors, next to chocolate and lemon.
I couldn't resist the color scheme or print of this dress. The fact that it was on sale sealed the deal. Well, for my mum at least since she ended up getting it for me as a Christmas gift.
Can you see in this pic?
My novel, Stealing Breath, was inspired by a story told to me by one of my friends, an Indigenous Canadian. The story was of a time she was on a road trip. It was the middle of the night and she was growing too tired to continue driving, so she pulled her car over to the side of the road, somewhere in Arizona near the “four corners” (Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah). She planned to have a nap, but was startled awake when her car started rocking as if someone was jumping on her car, their mocking laughter outside sending shivers up her back. Quite abruptly it stopped, and when she spoke to some of her Navajo relatives later, they said these tricksters were Skinwalkers, people
2. Full Body / Vertical Pull: Barbell Power Cleans / Pull Ups
It must have been the oats.
The rotating jobs are :
Firstly, the PRC doesn’t have that kind of money to throw around; and secondly, the result of any communist assistance will be precisely the same as if it were Western assistance. For the record, Mozambique and Angola are both communist countries--and both are economic disaster areas. The prognosis for both countries is disastrous--and would be the same for any other African country.
I glared at Blake Chapman around my locker door, wishing I could yank his shaggy blond hair out by the roots. Never mind that I used to daydream about running my hands through it, curling it around my fingers, and then pulling his face in for a kiss that would change life as I knew it.
You asked … who does she loves?
keeps screen closed
It amazes me how such a huge number of people who consider themselves environmentalists, just do not recognize the complexity of the planet they live in. They seem to imagine that preserving our planet’s ecosystems and climate is as simple as taking care of a house. Break a window, and you simply replace it. The plumbing develops problems, and you just fix it to set it back to normal.
5. I found this picture on cobrasnake and I thought it was so badass had to save it
Actors: Warren Christie, Ryan Robbins, Ali Liebert, Andrew Airlie & Lloyd Owen
and milk without making a jingling sounds in their teacup. How not use the sugar spoon to stir your own tea. Where to place your spoon after you have stirred your Tea. Then how to look in your Teacup as you sip your Tea, no we do not sip our Tea from a spoon.
Other People Exist is a zine started in October 2004 by cartoonist and elementary school teacher Kurt Xxxxxx. The zine consists primarily of comics and prose by the author and guest contributors. Also known as OPE, the zine is produced on a Sharp AL-800 copier and hand-folded and stapled by the author, who closely inspects each finished copy for blemishes.
Recommendation $9,000
I was pretty set on just applying to the one program that offers 2 or 3 half-days and seeing what happens, but a friend made the point that Miss M will likely thrive in a 4 or 5 half day setting. I'm still not entirely convinced, but given the waitlist situation (ie, all preschools have waitlists already for next fall), I decided that we might as well apply to the three schools that fit my criteria, and then see what happens. If she gets into none of them, we'll be fine with that. If she gets into any one of them, we can inspect them and go from there.
winter share production.
Here is an obituary:
It’s easier to eat a block of chocolate a bite at a time
First I got this bed.
Yes, the Army was super. I was in the Royal Signals, but I wanted to be a schoolmaster back then, so they offered me a transfer to the Royal Educational Corps and made me a captain! So I had a lovely year.
Dropping her martial surname comes after the decision to re – launch her music career. Cheryl was snapped by paparazzi’s in Los Angeles where she was on set, shooting a video for her rumoured single Call My Name.
But even one death like this is too many and now there is another one for an ex-football player and if there is no way of knowing at this time that Junior Seau, who came out of the University of Southern California to become one of the most famous defensive football players of his time, the Lawrence Taylor of the San Diego Chargers, was another ex-player suffering from some kind of traumatic brain injury.
Australia/South Pacific:
The most common responses to learning my imminent feelings of guilt are that: there was nothing I could do; it wasn’t my fault; it was a selfish act. While the first two statements may be conceived as comforting on some level, even if I cannot believe them, the third statement is prone to set me off. These people, who have never met my father, are calling him selfish, insulting him, insulting the dead. Where do they get off? It would be equally acceptable to tell a friend who is mourning the heart attack death of his grandmother that she was ugly and old.
I was lucky that Toby loved the tennis ball; all of his life, after puppyhood, I had him under complete control just by holding up a ball. He would fixate on that and ignore everything else--barking dogs, romping children, screeching trains, bounding rabbits, he didn't care. He cared only for me, and the tennis ball.
Irgens Å, Krüger K, Skorve AH, Irgens LM. Reproductive outcome in offspring of parents occupationally exposed to lead in Norway. Am J Ind Med 1998; 34: 431-437.
It reads "Rodney King"
4) Which candidate do you consider to be the most “electable” against Obama?
MANE: * Wind Rust over a 4 inch cardboard 25 times, tie through center at both ends with a 6 inch length of yarn, slip off cardboard and tie in position to center of 1st row of Head Section, skip 5 rows, tie other end of mane to next row above, repeat from * 7 times arranging around Head as illustrated.
come with a whoop and come with a call
John is building up quite a nice gallery of haiku
the lucky girl this week is Sheila !! Woo Hoo !! :-) Congratulations ! please email us so we can explain how you can claim your prize :-)
ISBN: 9780425247501
Can someone who’s been watching Mirai Nikki comment on whether I’m missing anything there? It’s sure got a lot of familiar faces, so I had a lot of hope for it, but I was sort of confused and put off by the first episode. I might pick it up again when the other shows end anyway, just to see how the acting shapes up.
The Glass technique from Europe which many of us acknowledged and cherish is originally rooted in East i.e Asia. The technique of Glass has been exported to the Europe from the orient China along the silk road. The glass snuff bottles were used as by the Chinese to keep the medicines in it.
In medium mixing bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger and cloves. Set aside.
on collision. When she woke up in the hospital, she saw her father and mother crying.
Monday again? Did I blink? Seems that way sometimes, doesn't it? We wait and wait for Friday to arrive so we can enjoy the weekend and then the next thing we know, we're waking up on Monday morning again ready to start a new week. I wish I could figure out a way to "hold on" to the times with loved ones a bit tighter...and for a longer time...
May My Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ and God My Father, who loved me and in His grace gave me unfailing courage and a firm hope, encourage me and strengthen me always to do and say what is good, in Jesus Name! Amen!
Julian of Norwich, Spiritual Writer, c.1417
It’s quite clear just how much these magnificent birds have captured your hearts and we feel extremely privileged to have been able to share such spectacular – although sometimes upsetting – footage with you.
The moment we blame, people become defensive and will resist changing and will make it worse for us. The moment we blame, we stop acting on it with what you could, to change the situation. The moment we blame, the situation becomes more prone to worsening than making it better for both parties. The same holds good, even if we blame our ‘genes’ or the system or the government.
Take me to the harbour
2 promptly
Moon, the mod whippet...
In my opinion, this is one of the best make-up books out there. It is more interesting than most of Bobbi Brown's books; more colourful, useful and easier to read (no grey text) than Nars' Makeup Your Mind; and the looks are much more achievable and not nearly as complicated as the ones by Rae Morris, Kevyn Aucoin and Scott Barnes.
While the contributions of some of these American artists might be dubious in terms of social progress, it is safe to say that they generate tremendous social and economic value for their country. Why is it then, that Kenyans have chosen to focus on our political leaders to the marginalization of the tremendous artists, academics, scientists, writers and other producers of knowledge and culture? What are we missing out by failing to recognize these innovative individuals as leaders who are transforming society?
Thus begins the formation of imagination, an essential and exciting developmental stage which makes life much more exciting and fun.
3. You are the bravest girl I know. Do as many scary things as you can, your courage will amaze you.
Google’s purchase of Motorola, as well as HP’s exit from the PC and mobile hardware industry signals a lot of changes about where the overall industry is heading. Yesterday, I was asked what I thought the long range implications are of these changes and after a great deal of thought, I think the answer is clear. Companies that site upstream from the traditional hardware manufactures (e.g. Qualcomm and Intel) are going to lose their leverage in the marketplace. This is a broad statement, but I think easily supported by changes in the makeup of the ecosystem.
They didn’t turn out looking quite as nice as I’d hoped, but they were still pretty damn delicious. And Tim said his coworkers liked them, too. And, really, that’s all I care about.
"Yeah, thanks" I say, as I turn over adjusting the pillow under my head.
3. I read a pile of other people’s blogs. This is less dangerous than reading a real book, or an ebook. Other writers can be both interesting and inspirational, whether it’s to write more novel, or write a blog post. It also means I’m less likely to fall asleep on the couch while curled up reading.
What originally started out as a small protest by teachers has blown up into a near revolt by the public unions and their democrat supporters. They should proceed carefully, however because this could really backfire in a big way. Disapproval of unions is on the rise, and these demonstrations and shutdowns could well be a tipping point, and not in their favor.
(In photo by TC at right, FCR general counsel David Berliner, at left, looks on.)
Does Amanda Burden truly support Atlantic Yards? To what extent is she just toeing the line for her boss? She may have begun by not supporting the project but there came a time when she started making formal statements of support.
5. A mouse trap placed on top of your alarm clock will prevent you from
"But Mum, I haven't been to mass for years." She picked at the skin around her thumb, making it bleed again.
Seventh Category:”Freedom of choice.” You have free will and anyone who says otherwise (determinists and scientists, those who say that there is only the physical world) have no reasonable grounding for their beliefs. Although while your will is free, it is informed by the outside world, nature and nurture. This one is actually important to understand because you wouldn’t believe how often I am seeing arguments that people are mere victims of their computer like minds and its programming, with no will of their own…and it shouldn’t take long to figure out what kind of government that will lead to.
Stamps: none
Because looking at the viewfinder, I find that pictures taken that way capture the richness and hue of the scenery a whole lot closer to the actual scene than when taken horizontally. And post processing takes lesser time in getting the best result.
The woodpecker pecked out a little round hole
7. Poet's House (4:31)
Many businesses were closed for a holiday in Mexico City, which has been rocked by a series of strong earthquakes and aftershocks in recent days, and offices and streets were largely empty.
Sometimes it seems like these changes in the world have pushed people to act out in confusion. I am not intending any disrespect, but merely commenting from my observations. When I look around at my friends, there is a distinct difference based on who their closest circle are made of. Those whose close circle of friends are made of many different cultures and backgrounds are often more “worldly” and open to new experiences. They are often very interested in different ideas and get comfortable in situations easily. These people often find it easy to assimilate but are generally non-conformists. On the other hand, the ones who have stuck with a group of friends made up of the same race and religion often find in difficult to accept new ideas, and are often bound by racial stereotypes and what they should be or do to fit in, but only with people from the same culture. Thrown out of their comfort zone, they often find it hard to adjust. Sadly though, although they blindly follow the traditions of their forefathers, they do so out of habit and often know nothing about the myriads of different colourful traditions in the world.
Note to self: I have to stop saying Mucho Bueno (a lot good) in the place of Muy Bueno (very good)…working on it -_-
people can have sex. Yet, the question arises: Is sex physical intimacy or is it just
Tuesday’s dinner was looking pretty bleak. I knew I could go no longer, I had to do the grocery shopping. So after dropping off one child at gymnastics, I rushed to the grocery store filled my cart, got the groceries home, threw out directions for dinner to my older son (Yup.) (It was Marc’s turn to give a presentation in Manchester so dinner was up to the kids), told the kids to put the groceries away (Yup.) and dashed out the door with my two soccer players who had a practice starting in exactly 5 minutes.
Neighbor, buy an abortionist sodomite's bonds so we can make sure that you and your children have a fiery ever after, just like us.
Because if there’s one thing of value I learned over the weekend?
Now, to the important stuff. What is this blog about?
Devastating fires, treacherous rock slides and torrential storms contrast with gentle days that you wish could last forever, sunsets you'll remember on your deathbed and an existential solitude that heals your soul.
(Text Box comment Page 12)
A nurse came over quickly and placed a gentle arm on the elderly man. She spoke in a calm voice, like a mother signing a lullaby
I stamped the bigger image from Botanical Bookplates Vol.1 several times on kraft card stock and embossed. The image is die cut using Flourishes Tailor Made Classic Book Plate die. A small piece of patterned paper in the middle and Offray Ribbon were added. Not sure if you can see or not, but I added a little Smooch Glitz in Frost to the petals of the pretty Snow Drops. Card stock is PTI Rustic White, Kraft, and Ocean Mist. Memento ink in Tuxedo Black was used along with Copics B000, R20, Y23, Y11, Yg13, G21.
Here's the recipe. Feel free to drool over the rest of the pics.
If you don't already have this awesome book now is the time to get it with free shipping until 3/21. Go here and use code GROUND305. I won a copy back in December and have referred to it numerous times since then. It is all the research I've been finding here and there, plus some a whole lot more, put together in one easy to use book. Just today I was ready the articles on Neurodevelopmental Therapy. This book is so positive and comprehensive; I wish it had been available when Goldie was born.
We can see the hopelessness of the ex-con’s situation, thanks to some superior establishing shots, filmed from the air. We feel for him too, because the Franklins have made it clear to us that he is innocent, and a good father—he’s just been driven to extremes. But the resolution of this near-massacre, peaceable though it is, speaks volumes. It is not among the cops that cooler heads prevail—they’re ready to shoot. Nor is it the poor man who solves things, out-gunned though he is, in his last stand. No, events are calmed only by the arrival of the wealthy father, who, having discovered his daughter’s game, makes a mad dash in his (fancy) car to the site of the showdown.
If a degree is simply an asset – a piece of paper in which we invest in the hopes that it will provide future earnings – I’d say these articles were right on the mark. To be honest, this is how some folks have looked at a college degree for many years – spend (or worse, borrow), tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars on a couple words one can put on a resume that will provide a healthy ROI. Scarily, others buy one of these “investments” without considering the potential ROI at all.
Let's get ready to battle!
See a wordy-looking tag attached to the hamper? The tag contains a thank you note for making time for the event on one side and the other side being steps and tips on how to puree baby food.
