It is a little scary being a small time Designer and Crafter, and starting a business from scratch. Every day I have a tiny panic attack about where all of this is headed. Every day involves many tiny moments of bravery.
Details on each opportunity, which can be filtered by convenient categories, can be found here: http://environmentlink.wordpress.com/.
At the time I saw the film, I hadn’t read The Last September—all I can offer about the adaptation process is that Gerald’s last name is changed. But this film tackles deep issues and themes without feeling like a self-conscious adaptation of a book, which sometimes happens. I didn’t even know it was based on a novel until the opening credits. (I should really research my film choices more.) The wildly charming opening scene—where Lois and Gerald, aided by a friend carrying a phonograph, dance up and down the grounds—belies the rest of the film, which is almost apocalyptic and voyeuristic in tone. Voyeurism, in fact, is carried through the film by Lois, who is more in love with love than Gerald. When he passionately confesses his love to her, she watches herself in a reflection; she constantly carries a spyglass, which is occasionally used for some very creative shots. The director contrasts their elegant lifestyle with the reality around them; one dinner party in particular, filmed from outside the house, is contrasted with the murder of a British soldier, albeit only when the Naylors learn about it. Lois’ post-adolescent restlessness fits in perfectly with the rut the Naylors have found themselves in; towards the end of the film, it’s clear that no one can stay at the mansion and survive with their souls intact. If the film can convey all of this effortlessly, then I cannot wait to see what the book itself holds.
Do wealthy Koreans carry something in their wallets other than won notes? In many K-dramas I've watched, someone--usually a rich someone--will offer payment that looks like a sort of check or money order. The recipient will often say, "Ah..that's too much!" Any idea what these slips of paper are?
* 1 lb. mozzarella cheese, grated
Sure, he can wake up early since he goes to bed before the sun goes down. Which here during the summer is around the same time as dinner gets over with. But that doesn't mean he has to share his liveliness with all of us. I mean, he's retired, it's not like there's anything pressing he needs to get too, why not sleep in?
Fast forward a year and a half. Now I know Lindsey to be not only a talented woman, but a good friend. She is generous and thoughtful, bright and inquisitive, honest and fun. She was kind enough to take all the photos of me you see peppering this Blog Tour; she’s accommodating enough to fulfill my Lola’s orders when I’m in town; she’s cool enough to hang out in cafes for hours with; and, well, she’s just plain nice. Lindsey, merci for the photos, the inspiration and being part of the Paris, My Sweet Blog Tour!
I created this today – modge-podged a photo on canvas (following instructions from here). The picture itself is from a trip to Singapore with friends – it was my favourite of the whole bunch. I love the picture – the one on the canvas (and I know that the actual picture I took for today is quite crap in itself – angles and lines all over the place…Sheh!). It was from a great day spent at Universal Studios in Singapore. Such a fun-filled day! Come to think of it, it was a fantastic holiday on the whole – 3 days spent in Singapore during the Grand Prix… The sounds! Oh, the sounds of the cars racing past! Out of the world!
Suckers are a quirky and original band, and, on their second full-length release, they’re a little more polished, which I don’t think takes anything away from their likability. You can catch them at Empty Bottle on Saturday.
Will the Malays relinquish political power that has made it possible for them to have absolute power, access to wealth, status, unparalleled opportunities in commerce, education and employment? All this, the Malays have been led to believe is their birthrights since Merdeka.
So you said you'd write her a thriller...
The Devil Bat-FABULOUS SOUL CD-R (burned from a Sister Skull Rekkids release)
Deadline for entries: June 14, 2012
But wait, there’s more.
This one has been a favorite since I was a little girl. It is sweet, creamy, and full of vitamin C. I love to make my julius extra slushy by adding extra ice. If I ever have extra I'll throw it into a dish and freeze it, I love eating it as a frozen treat.
And because I think just about every crafter has more then one project going at a time, we don't want to get board now do we?, I am thinking about casting on a Waldorf doll sweater or maybe this pinny and dress (both are in the Petite Purls' archives). I would like to size them down a little though since they are for 16 to 18 inch dolls and the girls have 12inch dolls and 14inch Waldorf dolls. While you're on the Petite Purls' site check out this super sweet Cockerel too.
In terms of management, the Heifer Cornerstone Model emphasises a number of ‘key’ principles such as good leadership, partnership, collaboration, training and participatory monitoring. These, it is assumed, are not achieved through top-down management or within an autocratic and domineering style of leadership. Rather, it is the responsibility of the action community to keep participation and motivation higher. As part of the project, the donor group who provide the funding for the ‘gift’, visits the community and interacts with them in their own environment. The community shows the donors the fruits of their labour, and discusses their progress and problems with them. In this way the donors are kept up-to-date on how ‘their’ money is being spent. Finally, monitoring is used to check the progress of the project, while evaluation scrutinises the effectiveness of the project. On-going self-evaluation is a participatory learning process continuing throughout the life of the project. Special emphasis is placed on collaboration between the development agency and the action community, obtaining outsider assistance as needed. Having done all that, still, the Heifer project is not immune to Babel type situations. For instance, though the Heifer Project claims that it is agency based, it still seems that management determines the development agenda before extension workers take decisions in the field. Steyn and Nunes (2001), however, do not consider this to be a problem since, in their opinion, development and communication approaches used by HPSA fall under the DSC paradigm of development,. The two scholars argue that a holistic communication approach (Malon and Grossberg 1998) is used.
Recently I’ve had to deal with telephone customer support. This of course is an activity that most rational human beings avoid like the plague. Generally speaking I’d rather endure toenail surgery without anesthesia than spend time dealing with “customer service”. Unfortunately the problem was that I was unable to watch the latest Game of Thrones on HBO and that is a DEFCON ONE crisis. All of a sudden I started receiving the following message on the HBO channels: “Your TV does not support this programs content protection. Replace the HDMI cable with component cables.” Since there may be children in the room, “WHISKEY TANGO FOXTROT!!!”
The new tradition for this year is a surprise: the kids don't know. Holly-Anne and Graham will wake up tomorrow to find this waiting for them.
Did you know that Paul Revere, Betsy Ross, Martin Luther King and Robert E. Lee were born during the month of January? History can be great fun when parents and grandparents share stories about the past with their children making the study of American history a ‘Family Affair.’
Packing a carry-on for a quick 4-day get-a-way to Barcelona...as in Spain! And, according to my Bible, "1001 Gardens You Must See Before You Die", there are over 40 gardens to tour and 7 of them right in the heart of Barcelona! How will I get to them all?!
Last week Wednesday we had our 1st official OB appt. Ever since we made the appt about 4 weeks before, we were so excited to hear Baby's heartbeat and see how much baby had grown over the last few weeks. We got into the room and the doctor used the doppler to see if we could hear. Baby was measuring at 10 weeks(which was a week behind), so she said it could be a little early yet to hear. So she said we will do an ultrasound instead. We went across the hall and did an ultrasound and we saw baby, but it was not a good enough picture. So she sent me down to the Hospital so that they could do an internal u/s(Sorry TMI) and when we saw baby I could tell that there was no flicker on the monitor like I could see in my other u/s a few weeks before. The tech waited a few more minutes and then we heard the words, " I'm so sorry, there is no heartbeat." We were devastated. The tech left the room and we just held each other sobbing.
when I can't walk in them
Row 5: Knit into the front and back of the first stitch, knit 2, purl 1, knit 2, knit into the front and back of the last stitch. ( 9 stitches)
and when you said it was tourter for you because of her running away.
Geez!! I don't know about the rest of you out there in Blog Land, but I am so ready for Spring Break! Someone opened up a can of crazy in my room and both of my classes tried some of it! I can't explain it any better than that!
Moon, the Mod whippet didn't hear anything else. All he saw was fur and a blur! Dogs were moving in front of his vision and away again. Moon could feel paws patting him on the back.
The Puritans were certainly Pharisees by this standard, as were the old Baptists and the old Methodists and the old Presbyterians and the old Nazarenes and the old Evangelicals, and the movers and shakers of the Great Revivals in England and America, and those who were at the forefront of the modern missionary movement, and old hymn writers.
All of these new pieces only just released today. That means that the Demdaco sales reps can now begin to introduce these items to retailers. It will take a bit of time for stores to receive their first orders.
It's sort of a 'hidden gem' right now, tucked away in back of the Hollywood and Highland complex in an industrial looking space that's big on character.
Last year I officially stepped down from my position as CEO of my company, Procrastination, Inc. After 20+ fulfilling years, I was happy to pass the torch to a younger star rising in the corporate ranks.
I didn't assume you misspelled attendant until I looked up "intendant"
Me: When I was born, Grandma was going to name me Freddie Dougie if I had been a boy (true story, I'm not making it up, and she was actually going to call me Freddie Dougie - thank goodness I was born a girl).
As Moody hurried toward him, she could make out some of the words he was repeating. Dodging a lazy swing from the rolling pin, Moody took it away as she shakily led her father back inside. As she unplugged the CD player in his work room, the weight of silence pressed heavily on her.
I will tell you this is going to be a rather long post so grab a cup of Tea and pull up a chair.....
back to the hair cut. we arrive at heather's house and upon meeting each other i am quickly laying my daughter on their family room floor because she had a dirty diaper. perfect way to start things off. but it's cool because she has two little boys. the environment was exactly what i needed it. not in a salon with a women who has no idea what she was doing...heather pulled up a chair in her entryway and we got to talking. it was perfect. our kids ran around and played as her husband help supervised little ava. i loved it. i asked her if she thought it was thick enough to cut it off or if i needed to wait...she said i was good to go. i asked her what she would do if she were me...she said she would go for it. pixie style. so she started cutting. no big mirror so we casually chatted and got to know each other. we are friends now. it was laid back and that made it all feel less like a big deal....this whole i am getting a boy hair cut thing. when she was done she handed me the mirror and i saw myself. i teared up. not because i did not like it but because it was just a little sad. i look so different. but heather was great. so thank you.
served with moreish pita bread
Woernle CH, Anderon LJ, Tattersall P, Davison JM. Human Parvovirus B19 infection during pregnancy. J Infect Dis 1987; 156: 17-20.
And the instant next, he ascended the keep – valiant Lord Aaron
Thankfully all of the jewelry was made really well. I have had a few pieces before that have fallen apart super easy. So im very pleased with it all.
According to Bay News 9′s partner newspaper the Tampa Bay Times, Carlos Bello claimed for decades he was too mentally ill to understand his conviction.
11 - Beatin' The Odds 03:24
How is it looking at your end? Are the font's OK? Would you prefer less curly letters? What about the colours - and the background? Not too distracting? I tried to get the background the right size - but it may show as tiled on some systems. I did have fun last night playing with the graphics programme to create the background and header.
Yahoo reports that "Spirit CEO Ben Baldanza said having fewer carry-on bags will help empty the plane faster. He said the idea is to get customers to pay for individual things they want, while keeping the base fare low."
After telling her story, the group devise a plan to free the others from the compound and to put a stop to Ty Winsloe and his associates. Clay, Paige, Adam and Elena enter the compound first. They kill the dogs and disable the vehicles before entering the building itself. Tucker and the guards are killed or disabled before they enter the cell block. There they find Savannah. Curtis Zaid is revealed to be Isaac Katzen when he attacks Paige and the others. Katzen is killed. Leah is shown to be the one really responsible for the poltergeist activity. She attempts to snatch Savannah, but is prevented and escapes. Clay and Elena track Winsloe and kill him.
Artist: Gordon Ross (1872 - 1946)
Fishing Licence Tax
Pages: 290
Honesty shows through the eyes. Especially can be seen in the eyes of the one that we love. When they become dishonest, there is darkness in their eyes mixed with hurt. Because we love them, we begin to hurt with them, not knowing how to help them heal.
with squeaking, moaning wheels.
What's all that mean? Like I said: don't get bogged down in month-to-month. The import sales are not a trend yet. Craft sales, on the other hand, are definitely on a long-term trend upwards.
These are only a handful of things that we take for granted because they are always there. If the gas stations were out of order, and no refineries able to produce more fuel, can you imagine how quickly our “civilized society” would break down? With that event alone, grocery store shelves become empty within a matter of days and farmers can't transport any goods. If you were not aware, grocery stores do not stock much extra produce or food “in the back of the store.” In order to maintain a high profit margin, stores maintain only a few days worth of staples until another shipment arrives. This not only conserves space, but allows for them to keep their overhead lower, among other things.
Tallow/Tallow Fatty Alcohol/Stearic Acid – Rendered beef fat. May cause eczema and blackheads. In wax paper, crayons, margarines, paints, rubber, lubricants, etc. In candles, soaps, lipsticks, shaving creams, other cosmetics. Chemicals (e.g., PCB) can be in animal tallow. Derivatives: Sodium Tallowate, Tallow Acid, Tallow Amide, Tallow Amine, Talloweth-6, Tallow Glycerides, Tallow Imidazoline. Alternatives: vegetable tallow, Japan tallow, paraffin and/or ceresin (see alternatives to Beeswax for all three). Paraffin is usually from petroleum, wood, coal, or shale oil.
DAY 22– Love is Faithful
(My therapist tells me that making up my own disturbing narratives like this, based on zero facts or reliable information, is really not a great use of my brain power. But my brain does not always listen to my therapist.)
Is this the beginning of the end? Is there a massive meteor out there in deep space hurling toward earth with direct intent of the destruction of our watered down state of humanity? Our politicians are fighting, our economy is teetering on the cliff, The NFL will be on strike and Mel Gibson is in love, again.
Those few weeks later have passed and yes my husband is currently deployed. It's our fourth deployment, but this one is definitely the longest and lack of communication has made it more difficult. Where he is at, there is no internet and mail comes about once a month. All we have are letters, which I find to be actually really amazing, because with letters, I think you can really grow close to someone and that's what we are planning with this deployment - to grow closer to each other and make something good out of it. I almost feel like I'm back in WW1 with the yellow bow tied around the tree in my front yard and writing love letters every day to him. My goal: give him the most mail out of anyone. I will succeed!
I see the Occupy Wall St. movement as another harbinger of a growing world-wide movement for a change in the way we live on Earth. It may not be articulated as such but people need something to work for rather than laboring to produce more and more useless stuff from dwindling supplies. Better to do nothing rather than dig one more oil well in deep water or pave one more wetland for a big box store full of goods most of us neither need nor can afford. Now that unemployment has reached massive proportions many of us are already learning to live with less than we thought we needed. Understanding that true wealth lies in a new era of progress without growth might be a smaller step than we realize. The Transition Movement is already gaining some ground in building healthy communities with thriving economies and healthy natural environments.
Duvel is a classic case of a beer that is better without sediment, it dulls the bright snappy classiness of the beer. When you get your Duvel in a straight glass that you have to top up, or worse you're just given the bottle and no glass you know you're being served by a plankton who knows shit all about his/her job. I've nearly set about people who insist on swirling the Duvelsediment and chucking it in the glass. I've found that this is best done with a dimple tankard.
And I don't forget. I see
The ribbon is from Wild Orchid Crafts, Vintage Seam Binding. On top of that I glued a nice, shiny button from The Hobbyhouse.
You can pick and choose what you like. And pay more for the meatier cuts of course.
Coco
Trained as a zoologist, Gill became fascinated by the similarities of basic mammalian behaviors to those of humans and spent the last 18 years investigating this field. He is a key-note speaker in well-known corporates and organizations on non-verbal communication, leadership, presentation and public speaking as well as training executives, negotiators and politicians.
As most of you know, I recently started a mini hobby/business. Postage rates were calculated out nicely so that items could be sent out worldwide to anyone who wanted them. However… *enter horror music*
I recently went on a bit of a dried chilli buying spree (if you're local, Fireworks Foods has an excellent range and I tend to use them rather than Casa Iberica) as they are an ingredient that I haven't really experimented with so I've been on the look out for recipes to use them. I found such a recipe while browsing through one of my other recent finds, the ipad edition of Bon Appétit. They have taken quite a different approach to recreating their magazine, it's not at all like the mags you find on Zinio, but you have to give them points for having imagination.
I’ll wander down the advent of loss.
Similar incidents occurred in the company back in 2007, but at that time the suspects could not be identified.
Well this has been a long time coming, but if you want to know the story of how I ended up knocking someone’s teeth out a few weekends ago, then by all means stay tuned.
So today, I am saying, if I inspire you, great I hope I do. But if you think that I am losing too much or too fast, well it has been 4 months to take off these 22 pounds. Not exactly extreme dieting. As for too much, while my BMI is currently 24, and in the healthy range, I am shooting for a lower one, and one that makes me feel better. And I want to look good not only in clothes but without. I am not planning on posing for anything, but I want to be comfortable in my own skin.
That means, first of all, on the open web. Here, librarianship differs from traditional academic disciplines. In the academic world, most discussions take place in small networks of colleagues (“invisible colleges”), often at seminars and conferences, and through the established mechanism of peer review. In young professions like teaching, nursing, accountancy and librarianship, practitioners get their information from easy-to-read articles on the web and in technical (not academic) magazines. Their professional discussions mostly take place with colleagues on the job – not with specialists abroad.
show details 12/14/09
The month started out with Matt having to travel a lot for work. This travel was not just restrained to the normal business week but ate into our first two weekends of the month. Sacred family time. Much needed rest and breathing time. Time that we spend savoring the blessings God has given us and rejoicing in Him.
my every motion slides
Finally, she stopped in to the clinic and demanded to speak to a doctor. She was crying and yelling, but she didn’t want an appointment. We only had Dr. R and Dr. G available. Dr. R was doing an emergency emesis, so I approached Dr. G. He rolled his eyes and said, “Oh, these fucking idiots.” Then he straightened his embroidered scrubs and asked, “So, how do I look?” I gave him the nod of approval, and he headed out there.
I concluded my day by heading back to the Guest House to pick up Veniel. He informed me they were able to remove a third body today and that only two more were left inside. The smell of decomposition at the Guest House was strong and the workers seemed exhausted and despondent. There are no tractors or trucks to help them remove the concrete. This is the story everywhere. I can only tell you that while I don’t pretend to know what is going on with the aid efforts, I saw virtually nothing on the ground in the neighborhoods I passed today. Where is the food? Clean water? Where are the doctors, the machines and rescuers necessary to help try to save lives? We here of them arriving, being bottle necked at the airport. Their stations may be closer to down town, but it is disheartening to see how much need there lies untouched. Any chance of saving people still trapped has been lost. I feel saddened and am unable to tell people anything when they ask where the help is. "Why are people not helping Haiti?" some asked me today, of the only blans they saw in the streets. I don’t know I tell them. “Kenbe fo” (hold on strong). That’s all the people of Haiti can do at this time. They've done it through the history of struggle, violence and oppression that weaves the story of this country. They are resilient, strong. They persevere under circumstances would bring the rest of us to our knees. But they are mourning, they are tired.
Pamela Vliek Martchev, flute
Per the norm, a simple single infusion along with a single underlet kept the mash right in the middle ‘sweet’ spot. The boil is an entirely different story. FOUR hours. The long boil would have added another layer of complexity for this big beer.
4. Steak and pie at home
In recognition of his long service to the profession, the American Society for Public Administration established the Dwight Waldo Award, given annually to an outstanding public administrator. To fully understand and appreciate his contributions, we need to briefly shed into light the important concepts of Public Administration prior and during Dwight Waldo’s time.
They didn’t remember. How it must have hurt them to remove your stiffened, bloodied corpse from the cross, to lift your body down so gingerly, to smooth the matted hair back from your blood-caked face, to kiss your wounds, to wash and prepare your body for burial, to leave you in the cold cave.
Yeah…that’d be neat. That’d be real damned neat.
In the chapter I'm working on, Mac has been transferred to prison coal mines in 19th Century Tasmania, a horrible, brutal place of no hope. I don't want to write about what he sees or what happens to him.
So don't let me have any rights
Looks thoughtfully on;
Somehow with all this technology, people have come to think that if someone doesn’t respond to them within 4 milliseconds that it must mean that they are ignoring them. Everyone needs to take a chill pill and realise that PEOPLE HAVE LIVES OUTSIDE OF THEIR PHONES AND FACEBOOK AND TWITTER. This crazy bitch is such a good example of a girl having a freakout because a guy isn’t responding to her. No matter how many times I listen to that, it still makes me laugh. I guess the old times equivalent to this would be to send a letter a day until someone responded. If someone sent me a letter I’d find it cute though.. But I wonder if back in the day that would be considered harassing and annoying??
Until we address and change those attitudes and consequential behaviour, we will continue to see a trail of broken lives and shamed men until our youth are unable to function effectively and our prisons are overcrowded with sex offenders.
He's got one of the best haircuts in the history of the game, and was glad to see he's still rocking it...somewhat.
This stunning piano scarf from Knitstant Gratification is knitted double, giving the appearance of stocking stitch on both sides. I’d love to master this technique by the winter so i can make eye catching, snuggly scarves in amazing colour ways. I’ve done some reading round it as I want to make “non-curly” stocking stitch scarves and this very much seems the way to go!
I just felt like I really had to say this.
Thus Perdita Durango becomes 'Dance with the Devil.' But either way, Bardem is one of my all-time favorite actors and deserved to win his Oscar for No Country, AND YET! it's in Durango where he brings the monster home.
Minneapolis, Minn. : Bethany House Publishers, c1988.
Stopping to buy postcards I found this large-size (A3) postcard of a painting of La Place Du Tertre, Monmartre. It cost half a Euro. When I got home I found an old frame bought in John Lewis years before and mounted my postcard. I had my piece of art from Paris for 50 cents and I love it. Here it is in situ above my kitchen sink:
Dishes are waiting and bills are past due
I took a break when my son Phillip called. We talk on Fridays and tell each other about our weeks. He sees the world often through the same lenses I wear, so there's usually laughing. Today was no exception. The sky had begun to darken as we said our goodbyes. I watched the snowy egrets soar in and circle, then finally take their positions in their nesting tree. The crows too, coming home to the palms around the house. I knew these weren't ravens by the shapes of their tails. "You are a crow," I said to one, "and I love you." And before the crows were fully settled in, the bats began to flit and flutter out of their secret places.
8. If you only had 24 hours to live, what would you do? Go get Jim, hope on a plane, jump off, drive to my parents, have my mom make lots os spanish food, and play/cuddle with Fritz (I'm gonna go all out folks!)
From there, my hero and heroine would set off on their adventures. I didn't yet know who they were, but I knew that my hero would also be the narrator, since all good Nineteenth Century adventure yarns are told in the first person*, and as the world of Mortal Engines was filled to bursting with tough, brave, resourceful girls I decided that the heroine of this new book would be a complete contrast; a prim Victorian miss who would have fits of the vapours and need rescuing whenever danger threatened. Myrtle seemed a good name for her; her brother, in a nod to King Arthur, became Art. And their adventure must involve pirates, because everybody likes space pirates. But because the tone was to be comic these couldn't be violent, dangerous, nasty, realistic pirates - in fact nothing need be realistic at all; this was a tale about Victorian space-travel, after all - so they must be not as black as they'd been painted; a rather harmless crew, in fact, led by a lad I initially called Jack Havelock, until a happy typing accident re-Christened him Jack Havock. And while I didn't want to fill the story with eminent real-life Victorians (it seems pretty obvious to me that in a world where history had taken even a slightly different turn most of the people we have heard of would probably never have been born, let alone ended up in the same positions which they held in our world) Queen Victoria had to be on the throne, and I hoped to find a role for Sir Richard Burton, the most fascinating of all the great Victorian explorers and wearer of one of the weirdest beards in an era of weird beards. (I'd already used him as inspiration for Valentine in Mortal Engines, but Valentine turned out to be not quite the ticket, so I thought I'd make Sir Richard a hero in this one, by way of an apology).
If you don't need a fundraiser, would you consider purchasing something lovely from our site? Every purchase brings us closer to our future son; to rescue him out of The Bad Place.
The one who does not worry that my kids stay up until 2:00, 3:00 am or longer.
Glade Save $.55/1 premium room spray 9.7oz (5/5)
Bob Harris-Keyboards, Trumpet, Vocals
Here we are before, a valence is the perfect window treatment in this room situation and these had nice bones, so why not re-use them?
Day 1: The drive
“The Man in the High Castle: Everyday Esotericism in Small Town New Jersey circa 1940″ In Avenel New Jersey during the 1940s, Curt Grunzig built a castle with a temple. He and his wife Barbara inhabited the Castle, which provoked many rumors in the small New Jersey town. He was also a published author, clearly influenced by theosophy and Rosicrucianism. The author left behind some unpublished papers: this presentation will be an analysis of those papers, and of the mysterious castle. Deeply mystical and spiritual, Grunzig’s library was filled with works he designated in his will as “the secret doctrines which lie at the base of all culture and religion.” The presentation seeks to uncover some of the ways that “everyday esotericism” influenced this little corner of twentieth century America.
The Fairy Godmother is never without her Magic Wand which is filled with Follydust. For those of you who don´t know about Follydust, it´s a glittering mixture made from the magic of a baby´s smile and light of the brightest star. It also contains a special mix of Moondust, Pixiedust and Stardust and is especially powerful.
1 Timothy 6:8 So if we have enough food and clothing, let us be content.
So why the struggle with contentment?
Unhappiness can go viral…..QUICKLY!!
The slain militaman was identified as Leonardo Cainget. Another militiaman, Dionato Obias, was wounded.
Rent you’r car with driver for the Festival de Cannes from 16th to 27th May 2012, Palais des Festivals, Cannes special package From 2600 Euros at disposal full hours and Nice airport transfer incluse ( From 16th to 27th May 2012 12 days
30 minutes after we arrive back at the tent, another usher appears. We need a stretcher urgently at Angus’s house. No other information. Could be someone who has come for prayer, or could be Angus himself. We fly through the crowds. Security men let us through, and we grab the stretcher and jump-bags before rushing into his modest house. The walls are thick, with small windows, and little light. We are spotted and chased out.
Could you imagine an argument like that happening in any other sport? Not a chance. Nobody would argue that Mark Rypien was better than Dan Marino or that B.J. Armstrong was better than John Stockton. But in baseball, this kind of argument can get going. I didn't actually see the details of the argument (I only saw Charlie's Facebook entry about it) but I'm pretty sure I know how it was fought. I suspect the pro-Cameron side was built around his all-around play and the stats that measure such things -- particularly's baseball's l'enfant terrible statistic, Wins Above Replacement (WAR).*
But perfection doesn’t happen every time. Sometimes there’s something missing and you don’t know what it is. Sometimes it takes two or three (or five) times until you get it right. And if everything I made was a godsend to the tongue, I think I’d get rather bored.
One fight, a year or two earlier, had also ended badly, with a couple of blows to my left temple, and a mild concussion that meant I couldn't open my mouth wide enough to eat normally for a month. Accused of faking it when I was eating and chewing strangely, my mom insisted I go to the hospital to prove that something was wrong. We went, I was offended, she got her proof.
And climbing into them.
I hope that "my work" is being seen and approved of by God.
So, as I perused the lovely cases of jewelry, my eye landed on the necklace below.
A friend just sent this to me and made me feel better. To put in context we had our state based time trials this morning and after last week I am still struggling a bit physically but in the pair we rowed very poorly. So when this video came through I sat here and immediately feel like getting things back on track.
When ready, cut into small pieces and serve with confectioners sugar and cinnamon.
tea party business. One exciting thing this month is, we are moving
we tell her
-The clock is ticking on Rex Grossman. Yes, it's his first full season, but does anyone really think the Bears don't have a chance to win the game if they add a quarterback they could rely on? Pick any QB from any of the other playoff teams and ask yourself if you feel more comfortable with them behind the center at 22-17. Trent Green? Chad Pennington? Even Tony Romo or Eli Manning? Those are the four that got bounced in the first round. How about Jeff Garcia, Matt Hasselbeck, Steve McNair or Philip Rivers? Not to mention Tom Brady or Drew Brees. Lovie Smith may be saying all the right things to support Grossman, but at best Rex is on borrowed time. All because of one horrible performance on the biggest stage.
It's from 2007 Bowman's Best, and I acquired it from one of I Am Joe Collector's group breaks a few months ago. It is absolutely mint! I'm looking to get $50 for it, but am willing to accept offers as well. I apologize profusely for using my blog as a forum to whore out my collection, but I'm sure you all know how it is when you see a card you absolutely have to own.
One story I remember being told was one of when I was being born. My dad and mother dropped my sister off to stay with my grandmother while my mom was in the hospital (my sister was seven at the time and my mom had to spend a lot of time in the hospital with me.. I was two months premature, so I was a bit of a problem).
I want to tell you about The Tenderloin. My version of the Tenderloin. The Tenderloin can be a rough place, but I see a lot of little miracles here every day. I certainly do not want to romanticize the difficult things that the people of the Tenderloin have to deal with. But, I have seen a lot of beauty here, a lot of kindness, I have seen heartbreak and I have seen joy.
It was like a hug and caress of a beloved man, whose tenderness was directed not only to the surface of my body, but also from the inside…
* Lush has no clue who I am. I am just a stressed out girl who loves a good bath with their products.
Let me start this post by apologizing for breaking my New Year's resolution in the first week of the year. I wanted to post on here at least once a week, and this is my first post in 2012. I've been busy with school work, reading for school, looking for a job, and side writing projects, not to mention personal drama, but that's no excuse. I know I can find time to write here once a week, and dammit I'm going to do it.
The next one was given to me at one of my four 30th birthday parties. Thank God I didn't have a problem with turning 30 because if I did, four parties would have made me hurl myself in front of one of those big Disney parades and let myself be trampled by any one of the cuddley, furry, gama-ray exposed, freakishly large characters we have come to love. Anyway, at one of my "surprise" parties, my sister-in-law brought one of her friends along. The girl was sweet enought to bring a present for me to the party. Someone handed me the bag with tissue paper peaking out of it. I smiled and said, "You didn't have to do this," thinking it was going to be one of those safe staples that you give to a girl you don't know; a candle; lotion; a picture frame. But no, this chick went in a completely different direction. As I pulled it out of the bag, I was literally rendered speechless-something that if you know me at all, you know that is something I have never been in my life. She gave me... she gave me a rock.
But now...walking is my main mode of transportation. I realized this week that it's been three years that I've maintained my 50 pounds lost since I started looking after my health and weight in the summer of 2006. I hit my goal in the late spring of '07...and here I am. It's still really tough - I still struggle every day not to stuff my face (or take the bus). I have to remind myself when I'm preparing my lunch at 11 pm, "It's worth it, it's worth it."
Elinor Carucci tells us that the first person she ever photographed was her mother, and she still takes pictures of her obsessively. In most of her personal work she has chosen to document this relationship and similar relationships with other family members.
Kissing her on the forehead, Darcy released her to embrace his father for just a moment and then they were gone. He found the cafeteria and returned with a soda in a foam cup. Since there wasn’t much to do, he rested his forehead in his hands and dozed.
My brother-in-law and his wife are visiting from Taos, New Mexico and brought us some of their "farm fresh eggs"! Who knew Dr. Seuss was telling the truth; there really are green eggs. Now about Whoville...
The question was too big. It burned him. What to do about this woman?
This can be a frustrating process. Really frustrating. I hear of people who sit down and knock out a novel in a couple weeks, take a bit longer for revisions and it's beautiful.
“Suugaku Joshi Gakuen” PB Announced 34-minute version drama adaptation of AKB48’s single, “GIVE ME FIVE!” revealed Two members from JKT48 resigns from group NMB48 creates a new Oricon chart record with their 3rd single, “Junjou U-19″ Aya Hirano to Resume Her Music Career
“Last year our Events staff estimated that there were approximately 7,000 guests on Saturday – the largest crowd we have hosted in Bookamania history – and we know we could not have made it as successful as it was without the help of volunteers, such as those from Leap Learning Systems. It was a pleasure to work with the many teens who came from Chicago’s Austin neighborhood to represent Leap with their mentors and program facilitators”.
Now she must hunt.
Question Cards- Print out Question Cards on card stock. Cut out Question Cards. Laminate or cover with clear contact paper to make them last. (Use only the cards that reflect your student’s abilities.)
First be clear about Bersih (Clean). It is an election reform movement co-chaired by former Bar Council president Datuk Ambiga Sreenevasan and Datuk A. Samad Said. Ambiga is one of the eight recipients for the 2009 Secretary of State’s Award for International Women of Courage Awards. Pak Samad is a poet laureate in his 70s. These two luminaries, together with other like-minded reformists were courageous enough to be fired upon by tear gas at last year’s Bersih 2.0 in their quest for fair, free and clean elections.
I liked Pierre Trudeau.
I won’t write him off if he gets demoted to the minors, nor will I demand he’s named rookie of the year because he hits 15 home runs and doesn’t look like a fool against major league players. If he earns the praise, I’ll praise him (the most impressive part of his game so far has been his arm strength.
High Knees (running drill, 40m)
I have yet to hear about my entry into the 2Toms Third Annual Worst Blister Contest. There are some nasty looking feet up there but hoping I "get" to be the poster child for nastiness.
toss the blueberries in the remaining 2 TBSP flour & fold into the batter. divide the batter between the 2 pans & smooth the tops of batter. sprinkle 2 TBSP sanding sugar onto the top of each loaf. Bake for 55-65 minutes or until a cake tester comes out with just crumbs. let cool in pans at least 15-20 minutes. turn out of pans & let cool completely on wire racks.
and i know its being selfish and bratty but there are things that i need here to keep me from losing it and no one has time to bring it. and i understand that. me being kept in here has added a lot of stress on everyone. but im stressed too. i juust want to get my stuff then everyone can stop worrying about me.
We celebrate today the great feast of Corpus Christi, the Body of Christ. The Church wants us to consider this absolutely extraordinary reality of God made flesh.
Jess and me...
Maja definitely got the snow she wanted, I just hope they're both okay with a relaxing holiday versus an action packed one. Then again, I guess a four months pregnant lady probably wasn't planning an adventure holiday to begin with.
The Prism GR2011 is a collective documentation of Greece during the winter of 2010, through the lenses of 14 photojournalist transformed into multimedia storytellers with the support of the creators. It was filmed in a period of 16 weeks.
Recently, I decided to sell the house to my son who has been working and living in the UK for the past 3 years. We agreed on a low selling price of R400.000 – a win-win situation for all of us. The current tenants could stay on while the rental fees covered the monthly bond payment. My son would have made his first sound investment on an asset that was worth double the purchase price. All the relevant documents were submitted to a Bond Consultant, who didn’t foresee any problems with acquiring a 100% loan. The current rental agreement was also submitted as part-and-parcel of the application, --- and just when we were all getting excited, feedback from the banks came rolling in. Every single bank declined the application on reasons of “affordability”.
It's a game, and like a lot of games, it can be tiring. Frankly, I adore the silent trips, and for those I drive who think likewise, they do too. Last night, a new customer actually said so.
It is important to point out that not all Japanese or Taiji residents are pro-hunting, and there are only a very small number of dolphin hunters who made their town infamous. A lot of Taiji residents are still unaware of the fact that the dolphin drive hunts occur every year. Louis Psihoyos, director of The Cove, and Ric O’Barry tried to raise awareness among the Japanese residents when the documentary was shown on the Tokyo International Film Festival in 2009. Many people were shocked that this was happening in their own country. Taro Ogichi said to the Tokyo Journal; “I’d seen the meat sold on the market, but had no idea Japan was a big dolphin-hunting nation. Whether or not Japan should stop is one thing, but we should at least be aware these hunts take place”. The Japanese media however, regarded the documentary as a film illegally taken to criticize the Japanese food culture. There is a strong taboo in the Japanese news media against any criticism of the country’s fishermen because they are often depicted as heroic defenders of a way of life. Locals claim that the documentary depicted them as barbarians.
A highly successful jockey, Dessie Hughes (born October 10, 1943) partnered Davy Lad to win the 1977 Cheltenham Gold Cup and returned to Prestbury Park three years later to ride Monksfield to victory in the Champion Hurdle. He had four rides in the Grand National, including Davy Lad, but never managed to complete the course. Having always had one eye on the future, Dessie prepared his yard for three years before finally taking out a training licence in 1980 and the winners soon started flowing, including a first Cheltenham Festival victory as a trainer when Miller Hall took the 1982 Supreme Novices’ Hurdle. His yard was struck down by a persistent fungal problem in the late 1980s which resulted in Hughes enduring several years of poor form, but the trainer began churning out the winners again in the late 1990s, with horses such as Guest Performance, Rathbawn Prince and Grade One winner Colonel Braxton being standard bearers. But it would be Hardy Eustace who would provide Hughes with some of his finest hours as a trainer. Owned by long-standing patron Lar Byrne, the Archway gelding won the Grade One Ballymore Properties Novices’ Hurdle at the 2003 Cheltenham Festival before returning a year later take the Champion Hurdle under a superbly judged ride from Conor O’Dwyer. Hardy Eustace went on to victory at the Punchestown Festival and returned to Prestbury Park the following year for another victory in the Champion Hurdle, becoming the first horse since Istabraq to successfully defend his crown. Central House was another outstanding performer for Hughes, winning five Grade Two contests as well as a Grade One Novices’ Chase at Leopardstown. Schindlers Hunt emerged as another star, winning two Grade One events as a novice chaser and finishing the head runner-up in the Grade One John Smith’s Melling Chase at Aintree in 2009.This season Hughes has unleashed another exciting novice hurdler in the shape of Lyreen Legend, an impressive winner of a Grade Two novice hurdle at Thurles in February. He also holds the notable feat of saddling a winner on nine consecutive racing days during the 2006 Christmas period. His son Richard is a leading Flat jockey in Britain.
And, as fortune would have it, the perpetual care cemetery is called twin pines and the last two trees cut down were the pines. None are considered, at this time, to be re-planted.
And who solves the crime? If the castaways solve it in unison, you can simply refer to them in the collective sense. Otherwise, the character who solves the crime is the prime candidate for protagonist.
This next time, have a Merry Christmas!
"Everything will now come your way."
“If you only write when inspired, you may be a fairly decent poet, but you'll never be a novelist.”
These corresponding ideas – “gay-makeovers, irish parade, great sex” – will forever become branded in the minds of these ex-lumberjacks assuring that next year’s petition to allow the gays to march will be signed by every straight man in the five boroughs, if not the entire tri-state area.
The Hyper Physical Activity Parents are usually parents who were fat children themselves. As a result of this horror, they went right into the nutrition and physical fitness fields. They usually train their children to be Olympic athletes or calorie restrictive, rock climbing, eagle scout, freaks-of-nature. The Hyper Physical Activity Parent is fine in moderation, but when not watched it can go to extremes, resulting in this little Frankenstein…
It’s almost a week after the Marathon now and most of aches and pains have gone. My left shoulder is sore and my feet are very bad. The thing that is surprising me most is that I’m dying to do some exercise again! I’m limited in what I can do as my feet are in such a bad state (I may be saying goodbye to a toenail or two) and it’s getting dark so much earlier. I’m hoping to go for a gentle cycle tomorrow to see how I get on.
"Self-inquiry is simple. It does not require you to do anything, change anything, think anything, or understand anything. It only asks you to pay careful attention to what is real.
It is good to have among us such men, such balancing monsters of love.
* Immediately after Arizona achieved statehood, Arizona women's suffrage supporters put those initiative and referendum powers to good use: they began an initiative campaign to place women's suffrage on the ballot. They were successful, and in the 1912 elections, Arizona (along with Oregon and Kansas) joined the 6 other Western States that allowed women to vote. This was 8 years before the 1920 ratification of the 19th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which granted women the right to vote nationwide.
They give me a lot of funny shit to bitch about!
First I sketch my image. I did this on the computer and I used the pencil function in Sketchbook for it:
Instead… Make the commitment to make extra time for yourself.
At trade shows and other networking events, we’re constantly bombarded with ways that social media helps to drive traffic to a website and build brand awareness, however what a lot of these sessions don’t teach you is how to integrate your social media with your other means of communicating with your audience. For example, social media is a more modern way to create that “face-to-face” personal contact with someone but it definitely shouldn’t be a replacement for that contact.
You are invited to retreat to Moses, a small old valley farm nestled in the foothills of the Serra de Estrella mountain range of Central Portugal.
There is an interesting pattern of Directorships and ownerships, however, to this company. Almost as if Mr Entri was anxious to conceal his deep involvement? After all, to be connected to a company, which has just received a RM2.6 million construction award from the Ministry of Public Works, which is his own portfolio, would possibly be something that even a BN YB in Sarawak might seek to keep quiet!
Another thing I love about this ensemble is that it’s all made with organic cotton. I’m not a stickler for organic goods, but I do try! I actually think the cotton is softer and stronger than the “regular” stuff. And to know that I’m doing something good for my body and the environment fosters a great feeling! Meredith and I were chatting yesterday about how much easier it is to find organic clothes for casual looks rather than office ones. Sad but true! I am challenging myself to put together a work outfit that’s entirely (or almost) made of organic materials. When I do, I’ll be sure to post it.
the day is sunny
Players may request to move any encounters to chat or Skype for detailed resolution and if we have a quorum, we will do so. Later the chat logs or similar would be posted to the blog.
Austin lost about $158,000 in grant funding for overtime with that 30% reduction - not chump change, but not remotely enough to account for the 26% reduction in tickets they recorded in 2011. Austin PD says it wrote fewer tickets because of a policy change - "because the Highway Enforcement Command shifted its mission from citywide traffic enforcement to a focus on the major highways such as IH-35, MoPac and 183" - which seems like a more plausible explanation.
SBS is already intending to pay bus drivers 16% more, which should raise transport fares. Part of the reason is to, you know, cope with inflation. Then there was Comfort and it’s minions other cab companies; they raised fares as well. To cope with inflation.
Didn't make quite the progress that I had hoped on weight loss, but it was a wonderful year for exercise. Friday I attended my 200th Jazzercise class! Had set a goal of 150 classes for the year and just blew that out of the water! Clearly regular exercise has become part of my life, now I need to work on fewer (and healthier) snacks.
Regardless how many logs are chopped within
I have made a promise to myself to arrange my photographs... in particular my travel and family shots... when I saw this album, pictured above, in the market at Aix-en-Provence I knew the time had come. The photographs I take for FRENCH ESSENCE look after of themselves as I consider the blog a diary and a record of thoughts and talks over a period of time... I often scroll back and am reminded of when, where and why I chose a particular shot to share with you... That is the beauty of photographs, they instantly trigger a memory. As I was arranging the 'font' images this week I remembered exactly where I was in Paris when I snapped them... not really having any reason to take them at that time other than the pure enjoyment of looking up and clicking away... Yesterday when my mind was full of the 'French font' I remembered my Saturday morning stroll through the back streets of the 6th arrondissement and I knew exactly why those images had appealed to me..
Recently, I received Mexican chocolate and a bottle of vanilla from Mexico from two co-worker's recent trips. When I saw the recipe for Mexican Chocolate Brownies in Bruce Weinstein's The Ultimate Brownie Book, page 82, I wanted to use my new ingredients. I came close. I couldn't find where I put the Mexican chocolate from Jessica, so I used my stash of Ibarra chocolate.
What do you like about me? That’s what I’m curious about
Oh, did I tell you that they're currently working on introducing creationism as a science in schools? Because fuck you, that's why. Yep, they're trying to teach the children stuff like the "fact" that the Earth and all its creatures were created 6000 years ago by a powerful wizard. Well....ain't that a bitch? So how would a "creationism science" (what an oxyMORON) class would go as opposed to a science physics class?
The room is vibrating. It’s not the waves. It’s not the beer either before you ask. The engines shake the whole ship with a kind of 6/8 beat, with occasional bars of 2/4 thrown in for good measure. Free form engine jazz. It does not encourage sleep. The top bunks offer little headroom, but at least the kids are asleep and we are moving. Tasmania comes closer with every passing minute. Devonport arrives in the wee hours of the morning. The dock is lined with the markers of seaside arrival; car parks, old sheds, rusting machines of unknown purpose. We hurry to the car deck and then wait. And wait. We wait again as we pass through security again - we are checked for pets, fruit, damp fishing tackle and gas canisters - again, and strangely we still don’t have any.
And some guy called Ginjo showed up. And he looked like Aizen, but he ‘totally wasn’t‘. And then he introduced us to his friends, Ciel Phantomhive from Kuroshitsuji and Wrath from Fullmetal Alchemist. My eyebrows twitched, but I kept watching. I had faith in you. I did.
el-Rufai, who stated this while delivering this year’s annual lecture of the Silver Knight, Ibadan, at the Lead City University, Ibadan yesterday, said that it was high time the president and his supporters of Southern origin discarded this ‘narrative’ and adopted a multi-track approach to the insurgence which is painting Nigeria black before the international community.
(Oh and if anyone's wondering about Part 1 of Week 14 of this adventure, it's going to appear tomorrow!!)
Well, let me tell you, you really have nothing to be afraid of. I took a major step years ago and left a job that paid very well to get into radio. This just as I was starting my family. Ya, I was afraid. But it seems to have turned out alright.
While, I've digressed about my Rockin Momma story. When I hear TSO, I have to bash my head, clap my hands and give the hand sign for for I love you – the sign of the devil as many thought back in the 80s. I screamed, I hooted and I clapped along. If I could have, I would have moshed with someone. Of course, I'm sure the Evil Twin wouldn't have minded since she went with me (we went on a double date). I think the older I get the louder I like my music. Which is funny, considering it should be the opposite. However, I think TSO just has that affect on people. Most of the musicians used to play in back up bands for many of the 80's rockers. We are all reliving our glory days vicariously through them and their music.
Asked to housesit by Sam (Gregg Henry), a fellow actor who feels sorry for the down on his luck thespian, Jake ends up staying at an extravagant home (it looked like a flying saucer on stilts) located in the Hollywood Hills. While his new living quarters may have everything a youngish man living in the mid-1980s could want: a rotating bed, cordless telephone, a fully stocked bar, cable tv (the video for "House is Burning" by Vivabeat can be seen playing at one point), it's the spectacular view that grabs the bulk of Jake's attention; a view that is enhanced greatly by a strategically placed telescope. Made aware of a sexy brunette woman who lives across the way, and her proclivity for dancing seductively in her bedroom every night at midnight, Jake, taking a break from watering the plants, decides to watch her do her thing. Interrupted after she had just finished inspecting the integrity of the diamond-encrusted strap on her left shoe by mysterious man in a hat, Jake witnesses an argument between the two that leaves the woman a tad frazzled.
Also I'm sorry I'm so late with a winner of the Spellbinders Ironworks Accents die set, but I have been busy getting the house ready for decorating (yes again...lol) and it totally slipped my mind.
125-150g self raising flour (I genuinely can't recall this)
We make too many excuses, “I don’t have time”, “stock can go down” “etc”
Perhaps Judge La-la La-Grange needs a vacay to such a place as the Muslim country of Pakistan. Yes, indeed. What better place to rouse her from her imaginary land of make believe. Judge LaGrange declared that Shariah law “lacks a legal character” and “is not law." Tell that to the tens of thousands of dead non-Muslims, women, children, et al.
As you may have guessed by now, my husband and I differ on the upbringing of Dog.
Folic acid. Not getting enough of this vitamin has been linked to birth defects, so many foods are now fortified with folic acid. This B vitamin is especially important for digestive heath because high levels have been shown to lower your risk of colon cancer.
Some facts I never knew
It is the same here. All the mind’s objections are met with understanding until a time comes when there are no more objections left. The mind, which constructed the apparent duality in the first place, has deconstructed its own edifice.
This book lacked any real direction or sustenance. Each chapter consisted of a little girl's prayer and a mother's reflection on her daughter's experience and perspective. I did not feel as though I came away with any added knowledge or value. However, I did finish reading with a smile on my face and a warm feeling in my heart.
The new iPhone will also feature an upgraded camera system. In terms of hardware, the new camera is an 8 megapixel sensor that takes incredibly high-resolution and clear shots, even in low light conditions because it has a backlit sensor. Also, panorama photography references have been found in the iOS SDK on multiple occasions which means we’ll likely see that feature. Other than that, the camera front-end system is reportedly mostly the same.
At-Large Bid: Southeastern Conference
The ADL supplied confidential information to foreign governments that it obtained from police and federal agencies in the US,
Changes are good. I need to travel or I get really nervous, so during the weekend I wisited Trieste, Italy with my friend and sister. It's the best prescription to forget about stress, just to walk around the city, drink espresso, eat pizza, soak up the sun... it was much needed city break.
Ok, way behind on work and even further behind on reading race reports from this past weekend. Isn't it my Friday (Thursday) yet?
We don't believe that. We believe that the Truth has a way of setting itself free.
“We are bringing together a collection of great pale ales in a city where pale ales are truly appreciated, all to raise awareness about an important men’s health issue,” said Rick Lyke, a drinks journalist and prostate cancer survivor. Lyke founded Pints for Prostates in 2008 after successful prostate cancer surgery. “Our goal is to reach men through the universal language of beer with a message about the importance of
Disclosure: I received access to this book through NetGalley. This is my honest review!
"It's okay Neil," I said. "It's okay. You'll get there."
A wish to give you more
Messenger of Water"
Who are all these Red Sox? Middlebrooks? Mcdonald? Aviles? Mitchell Freedman?
“Yes, it’s honor!” I continued, encouraged by my small success. ”I found it to be quite honorable indeed. I had no doubt in my mind, none whatsoever, that this was the most honorable piece of clothing I had ever possessed. I was thinking about this, you see, when out of the blue, I ran right into my enemies.”
The PTW have controlled, for all intents and purposes, the world because no one would get off their Blessed Assurances and go through the caucus system, other than the jerks who have run the country (and the world) into the dirt.
Let's just have an SATC Charlotte York moment for that. Or maybe it's a Carrie Bradshaw moment, since it's about writing and since the humidity has my hair more SJP than usual. Whatever, I can float on that for ages kids.
Her detractors leave me nonplussed. I don’t see many 25 year olds, or many people in general today, who are willing to take serious risks and stand up for a population that is marginalized. Gaga took a very strong stand for LGBT rights. She defended Adam Lambert from a homophobic attack, and she joined the fight against the discriminatory DADT policy. She organized a rally to repeal DADT and offered a wonderful speech regarding discrimination.
931 comments
Since I live by myself, the 5” dish was perfect for making a meal for one.
Now, imagine a conversation between some of the unusual suspects. Meet my friends, they’ve just been sitting here in this bowl, this nice warm carved mahogany bowl on the kitchen counter; sexy plump red grapes, ripe crunchy apples, Ms. Crimson red juicy strawberry, Mr. Banana, spotless and firm. Oh sorry Mr. Cantaloupe but you weren’t invited, you’ve been a bad naughty boy lately. Ummm… Mr, banana: “Hey y’all, what’s up? Everybody looking so succulent up in here. Hmmhm, look at you miss strawberry with your delish looking self.. I wonder whose gonna take a bite out of you today?” Ms. Strawberry: “You so fresh, that’s alright I want to see who’s going to strip you naked baby, peel your armored suit and bite into you, inch… by… inch. Hssss, all that potassium and yummy goodness, delectable.” ”Why look everybody,” chimed apple the virile stud, “a bowl of nice warm melted semi sweet dark chocolate and peanut butter in a jar just hanging out with us.” The bad ass grapettes in unison, “heeeyyyy, oooohh, we like this house already, somebody gonna eat good up in here.” Such a happy family they are. “Pssst, sexxy chocolate, you know what they talking about up there?” said smooth, the peanut butter in the jar. “Be damned if I know, but I got my eye on Mr. Banana up there. Can’t wait till he gets peeled and dipped into all this oooy goooy, oooh lawd that’s my steel devil. Just dip and swirl baby, yessssss!!! Oh my, it’s getting a little warm in here. I’m getting soft and moist just thinking about it. Shhhh, someone’s coming y’all.”
& life slithers from chemical muck,
Users have the added benefit of a “charge glass” for wireless charging that will notify them when the batteries have been fully charged via the USB socket.
"Un kwagala nyo"
I made a few attempts to stick my finger down Jackson's throat hoping to get him to vomit. I forgot that these little people also grow teeth, sharp little teeth. He did not vomit. I texted my neighbor, who is a nurse and asked her for advice. While I waited for her to respond I called Poison Control. They were very helpful in determining how much Benadryl would be dangerous to Jack but we did not know how much he ingested. I was on the phone with Poison Control when Lauren got back from her run.
I wasn't wanting 'party planning' printables and information but more a sheet where I can record, who I am buy for; when it is needed by; the budget and what I actually purchased AND a place to keep receipts and documentation together in one place.
But in themselves they are useless.
So remember, if you feel off centre or emotional at times (which is highly likely during these release periods), you can connect up into your higher self, or the greater spirit to re-empower yourself. Just close your eyes and imagine a column of light extending from the top of your head, up into the sky. Feel that connection and remember you are not alone. This column connects you to the universal life force, and can calm the body when it becomes too invested in what is going on horizontally on Earth and forgets that you are connected to everything.
So people really started freaking out about the whole disgusting pink slime thing when news came out that 7 million lbs (eww, by the way) would be served in schools this Spring. However, it wasn’t until this week that Safeway and Supervalu, the number 2 and 3 largest grocery operators said they would stop carrying beef containing pink slime. So my question is, if you are going to go to the store and buy your family beef for tonight’s dinner then why does it matter if it is served in schools? Either way you children are eating it. Why does the school have to be held to a higher standard in their lunch rooms than the average parent does at their own dinner table? Up until this week, that is the meat that your stores were selling. It was in August last year that McDonalds stopping selling beef containing pink slime. I don’t have kids so maybe I don’t understand, but if you are going to the store and buying Doritos, Oreos, chicken breasts, hamburger patties and a gallon of milk to wash it all down then why does it matter what your kid eats for lunch at school?
- Messaging SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM
In 2010, #TBD raised over 700 blankets, and in 2011, #TBD raised over 2700 blankets that were distributed to organisations and needy people.
The only thing they didn't know, and the question that I was supposed to have the answer to, was what I wanted to be. There wasn't much discussion of my potential, because (as far as they knew), I was living up to it at the time and would continue to do so.
Christmas Yule Log ... GMC ... 12 AM - 6 AM
“We believe that Jesus died and rose again.” (1 Thess 4:14a)
It's an amazing feeling to walk into a room and feel that these people know you and you know them. Even though you have never met before. It is a group of people, moms, dads, grandparents, caregivers who know the terminology and don't need explanation for simple things you and your child are going through. They fear the same fears, have heard the same words, have been offered the same choices, and waited the same wait. They have the same story and a different story. We are a community.
But now I recognize the fact that I need to grow up. I know it’s a little late to say this, but I think that I am ready to handle the responsibility of contraceptives and seeing the gyno regularly. It’s all a part of growing up and it’s part of the package that is having an adult relationship.
We take photographs so we don’t forget the precious moments in life. Why not take a few basic notes so we don’t forget the precious insights that come out way…
“Indigenous wisdom reveals a path to the future that does not include a buy-out of the earth’s natural systems. With these three words, Karma Tshiteem, Secretary of the Bhutan Gross National Happiness Commission, ended his brief description of Bhutan’s distinctive approach to economic development. It caught my attention because of the striking contrast to our common Western phrase, “Time is money.”
What I do matters.
It would be completely disingenuous for me to delete those projects and act as if they never happened. After all - I made them and liked them at one point. They are a part of the growing process, BUT - that doesn't mean I can't try to make things right - right?!
"Yes, but..." said the Sadness suspiciously, "why don't you run away from me? Aren't you afraid?"
Be sure to cool these cookies before transferring them to a rack—they are very soft when they first come out of the oven and need a moment to set.
6. Treephort - It Takes Talent To Scream Into A Microphone
"Ooh, Matron......"
I'd come to see Dr Guoqing Pan. During my planning of this trip I had been monitoring the papers on sericulture coming from China in an effort to find the best place to go. I'd noticed there were several papers coming from Chongqing, and so I'd emailed a professor there, and eventually received a reply from one of his colleagues.
What is going on here? Do the police have sufficient evidence to make an arrest, or have they perhaps made a mess of things again?
Once rolled, fresh pasta should be dusted with semolina (preferably) or flour to keep it from sticking if you’re not going to cook it right away. You can lay it on a semolina- or flour-dusted baking sheet or linen kitchen towel, until ready to boil. Or drape it over a suspended rolling pin or pasta drying rack until ready to use.
Smart Balance Cooking Spray $0.75/1
So sweet,
House crickets are pale yellowish-green or whitish pale green in color with long, movable spines on the stick cricket games online of your favorite matches and tournaments purposely because a single loss was much more profitable to them to know the natwest cricket games online as which player made fastest run, took hatrick, fielded marvelously. These exciting moments have encouraged cricket to expand its ground in world.
How far along? 14w5d
Before I end this post, I just want to give a BIG THANK YOU to all my friends here in blog land who has ever taken the time to comment and/or send me encouraging messages. Just know that I deeply appreciate all of your kind words and truly thank you for your new & ongoing friendships.
While the project would get $100 million in direct subsidies from the city and state, the total public costs remain somewhat vague. Reuters pointed out that the arena "will be financed through tax-exempt bonds backed by payments in lieu of taxes" and that such "PILOT bonds are often used by local governments as an incentive to attract private developers because their payments are lower than what they would have had to pay in real estate taxes."
And of course we have 3 fab prizes to give away from our generous sponsors.
She is also heartbroken, having to be separated from her husband of 40+ years. I can scarcely stand to think about her on their acreage, in their big country house, all alone.
I saw the grain of the table, felt the knobs on the back of their wooden chairs, wondered why the hell they keep that big stack of catalogs in the kitchen. Everything was so, SO, incredibly, vivid, and clear, which is quality that almost never happens to me in my generally bizarre and nonsensical dreams (which often involve me kissing a random someone I know. I don't know why. But I digress.).
http://www.ribenaroom.com/ Ciara has a FAB Craft room that we would all love! And her talent as a card maker is second to none! Go visit this Craft space for a wealth of talent & craft room storage ideas too!
I think I should start a show on Raj TV and talk about this philosophy.
gets stuck in Boyd for a decade
one day while i sat in my car at the north jetty he came by...
In a pressure cooker steam the shredded cabbage with a bit of salt and half a cup of water. One whistle of the pressure cooker should be fine.
Don't get me wrong. He dressed nice for his job. Wore a suit. Perfectly pressed shirt, and conservative tie. But when the weekend came? He completely morphed.
But there it am, and whom can say its wrong?
Caat spokeswoman Kaye Stearman said: “The FCO report is fulsome in its support for human rights and democracy in Arab Spring countries. However, the BIS figures show that the government is happy to approve arms exports to the same governments which abuse and suppress human rights.
The health of the Athens housing market is due to its position as a fast growing regional healthcare center, the large number of post-secondary educational institutions anchored by the University of Georgia, and retiree relocations. According to home builder Brad Stephens, the current President of the Athens Area Home Builders Association and co-owner of Manor Holdings, “Between the growing student population at the University of Georgia, the new hospital that is being built where the old Navy School was and the large number of government jobs, our economy is doing well.” He went on to say that, “bio-tech is also starting to make its presence felt with Noramco and Merial and the research going on at the University. Athens is increasingly becoming a high-tech and bio-medical based economy that is better educated than ever and more insulated from booms and busts.”
I also have learned that as much as it might seem like she doesn't care what I think, she really does. She clams up sometimes because she fears disappointing me. She may know in her heart that I love her unconditionally, but that doesn't stop us from clashing over issues, of course. I'm still her mother, after all.
Happy with Elisabeth's restrained choice here!
Riki was disturbed by this, and to be honest, so was I. It wasn’t a serious disturbance. It was just one of those moments where where art abstractly imitates life. Throughout the world’s history, horrible things have been done to people because of their race, social class, religion, nationality, etc. And even though this is a work of fiction, it still begged the questions: Who gave you (the Elites) the right to determine who is good enough and who is not? Who gave you the right to say it’s OK to genetically modify a human being against their will simply because of the social class that they were born into? I guess the answer for Eos would be Jupiter. But…Jupiter is artificial intelligence. Who programs AI? Humans, right? So, the question falls back to the Elites. Once again, I have digressed…
Honestly, I’ve never been much of a cat person. I’m actually allergic to cats. But recently, I have warmed to them, and they seem to be very soothing and calming for my anxiety, which is definitely what I need right now! I can’t wait to see how Petal reacts to this new addition!
It was a clear, chilly evening in February. At least the rain had come and gone, and now no instruments would be ruined.
I finished everything off with two coats of Minwax water-based polycrylic on the painted drawers and the stained parts for added protection.
During his life on earth Jesus worked for our salvation, yours and mine.
Mix flour, baking powder, salt, malt powder, and cocoa together and set aside.
So, as patience is a weakness of mine, and of many people, so we move on to something that I think many people find a little easier – kindness. I came across some interesting thoughts by a Rev. Haynes regarding the topic of kindness, which I felt I would share with you here. He writes: “The pattern of all kindness is set before us in the Bible in the attitude of God to men. He gives the sunshine and the rain, and the fruitful seasons and glad hearts, food and all the good they have to the just and the unjust alike. God’s glory no man can look upon and live. It is a light that no man can approach. It is incomprehensibly grand, unimaginably exalted above the grasp of man’s mind. But the kindness of God is God’s glory stooping down to man’s need. It is God’s power brought within man’s reach. It is God’s mercy and love and grace, as broad as the race, as deep as man’s need, as enduring as man’s immortality. The Bible reveals it. Jesus manifested it. In His life, the kindness of God found its supreme manifestation. All the children of God are to be like the Father in this regard.” To me this explanation expresses the kindness of God in such a rich and grand way. It highlights the glory and the awesomeness of God and the lowliness of man. It tells us how the fact that God came into this world in the person of Jesus Christ is the fullest act of kindness possible. I’ve read this explanation several times, and still each time I do I get a tingling feeling as I think about what it says. I love it, and I felt there was nothing better than that which I could say on the topic so I would share that with you and simply add a few of my own thoughts afterwards. Haynes finishes by saying ‘all the children of God are to be like the Father in this regard’, and this echoes the thoughts of both Jesus and St. Paul. In loving one another as Christ loves us, and in walking with the Spirit today, we must show kindness to others. We must care for people, be nice to them, treat them, show them the love of Christ. We should be the kind of people that other people think of as nice people. People should see something in us that can only really be explained by the presence of the Spirit in our lives. As Christians, we should be good, loving, kind people. …and we should be generous people
Shoes: Naturalizer
The hood? Surely a monk's! The crumbling 'Florentine' bricks!
Does this describe your organization??
2) The true nature of things is not as it appears now. The first really will be last. The martyred who cry out, “How Long, O Lord?” are the victorious and vindicated. The powerful will be brought down and will cry out for death. The Lamb is the Lion. The powerful Beast and his unholy trinity-parody will be overthrown at the coming of Christ (as a side note: there is no epic end-battle. “And then the lawless one will be revealed,whom the Lord Jesus will overthrow with the breath of his mouth and destroy by the splendor of his coming.” -2 Thess. 2:8, emphasis mine. So Jesus shows up and the battle is over. Boom.)
(4) Students should be focused on mastering the material and not accumulating points.
This has been possible, because, in the main the victims have been ordinary people, known to their loved ones but not to the community in general.
I smiled, waved, “No thank you.”
round, plump, and wrinkled by the sun,
Scenario 3: Jeffrey won’t be still in class, disrupts other students.
The fear that what if i nevewr got my shit together and became a child sexual abuser myself?
Hope you had a great Halloween! We got no trick or treaters again this year, but to be honest, I'm fine with that!! I usually associate it with being egged...so I'd rather not open the door!
Without a proper appreciation of culture and identity, Africans will continue to fall foul to the project once called colonisation. It’s important to keep up-to-date with what is going on outside the country and to read behind the lines of policy documents. Whilst Africans continue to believe that foreign things are better than local things, that foreign minds are better than African minds, that modernity is better than tradition, they will continue to be colonised.
I’ll leave that fight for a colder day though.
I love the cover and it’s greenish theme. :) The plot itself is interesting and kind of unique. The fast-pacedness of the story in the beginning was a little overwhelming at first but when you get used to it it grows on you and I’ve realized it was actually good. However, one-fourth to the story, when Elyse learned the truth (the basic that is), things got stagnant and everything that happened basically from that moment on is like a buzz. I actually got bored in the middle, and it’s so sad because the story building from the start was good! Only to find it plop down. Basically what happened most of the time was their classes, making out, strolling, doing nothing, blah! It was a routine of boring stuff! I was really disappointed. Good thing, by the end of the novel, things started picking up again, but not so much. The climax was not much of a climax, it was pretty expected. The ending was okay though, left some things to pick up for the next book, but I’m not really excited for the next book.
9And they had breastplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and the sound of their wings was as the sound of chariots of many horses running to battle.
It’s only been 3 days, but there’s marked improvement in the pain level. What would any stubborn runner do with that?
The second installment of Mixing it up Monday features a brand new cocktail that I created for Koloa Rum Company. I was hanging out in Binny's Beverage Depot and stumbled across a brand new Rum company to hit the shelves here in Chicago.. Bought a bottle and actually enjoyed the spirit. So a few weeks later via my twitter profile, the same company reached out to me to create a cocktail for the website. I jumped on the opportunity and here is what I came up with...
Growing up I didn’t celebrate Lent. Of course that might be because I didn’t go to church growing up. We started going when I was in 7th grade. The nondenominational church my family attended didn’t do much for Lent. The Christian college I attended didn’t do much either, and neither did the nondenominational church I attended when I returned from Asia. I’m sure Lent was mentioned but there was never any emphasis on it. I’m not sure if it it because I lived in the Northeast or if it has to do with the nondenominational bent of my upbringing. Anywho, Lent didn’t really come onto my radar until I was married.
:: I added a .5 inch to the length so I could fold under a .5 inch & create a seam similar to the Abby Jacket (the mitten pattern calls for zigzagging the raw edge)
I am NOT doing that all summer! It’s way too much work, not to mention costly, and you might eventually damage the plant you’re trying to protect, depending on which pesticide you’re using.
Min 6: You got freshly pressed and now you want to get freshly pressed again. Just who in the feck do you think you are? MC Hammer? You make a ton of money (ok, views) off of one hit and now you want to blow your wad on pants that are way too roomy in the crotch??!! Even Vanilla Ice would tell you this is a bad investment!
Portrait painter De Saix Gernes, who attended kindergarten with Kraft and remained close to him throughout his life, remembers her whimsical pal as “a great con man.” “We all loved him,” Gernes said. “I would not call Arthur a genius, but he was unusual. He was a poet always. Very sociable. Charming. Witty. Fun. He entertained us.”
Here are my selections!
Cameron Ashley has a new piece up at Beat to a Pulp. He's quickly become one of my favorite short story writers. His contributions to the two volumes I edited this year certainly helped bring that about - One Fine Bird from Noir at the Bar is a sharply twisty tale of the Eggman who made his debut in the Plots With Guns story Blood & Bone in Bambooland, and Codename: Balladeer from D*CKED is just a painfully funny story of the weaponizing of bad music - something that really gets to the root of all fears musicians like myself harbor. And you know, his N@B appearance and delivery of Dog's Breakfast went just a little ways to helping establish my fandom. Cam's latest, Papercut Pete's Blood-Stained MacGuffin is another Melbournian-dipshits-fucking-around-out-of-their-depth tale set in the same universe as B&BnB, Bird and Breakfast... Come to think of it, these'd make for a nice collection.
Helping in the kitchen is the one thing I never have to force Summer to do. When she sees the cutting board come out she's right there with the knife in her hand prepared to chop...
I’ve been wanting to do this for awhile. There are some great ship name generators out there, but most of them don’t fit the conventions that are generally used with naming real ships. Plus, I don’t have awesome coding skills, so I can’t really make my own generator. Hopefully you find the following useful whether you are about to embark into the world of Star Trek Online, or just want to have some creativity in how you name you EVE ships.
Eight cities
Whatever this time of year means to you, I hope you can find the calm in it all.
(like most made in the area of Acadiana from Eunice to
I hope you’ve found some of this post useful. In the second part, I’ll talk a bit about two other sessions I attended, including the superb briefing Farida Vis gave on ‘Reading the Riots’.
“Please… Just a quick bite? I really want to show you my new ride. We can ride together. It’s kick-ass!”
PS. there is an added challenge here. Embedded in the newspaper 2030 are the names of a few of my blogger friends from Indiblogger. Go ahead! see if you can find them. Would have loved to add many more, but as I said I am a technologically challenged, and this is all I could manage!
When they were first made, small guitars were designed with kids in mind. It was rather obvious to manufacturers that a smaller size would make it easier for younger people to hold and play the instrument; making it easier for them to learn. They were initially made as more of a toy, and sold by toy stores, through catalogs and at some department stores.
Well first off I got a book from the library!! (I can't seem to stay away from the library these days lol)
Getting the right size can be a tricky proposition. If you want to get personalized Father’s Day gifts like clothes that really fit well, take a look at what Dad wears most often. Generally, this is what fits him best. If you can’t measure the Man, measure the clothing.
FR
Devil Music Ensembleis Brendon Wood, Jonah Rapino, and Tim Nylander.
But for now, in this shaky and volatile present, all I can do is wait. Wait and watch and worry.
And we're in Chicago. Chicago has the second highest concentration of Polish people next to Poland. Someone is bound to understand what they're saying in school come Monday. Gee, thanks Dad!
No. And yes.
Lampwork has its own special beauty in the bead world, as each bead is its own work of art. My friend Carolyn is a lampworker who has tons of smaller beads, so we thought it would be fun to design a piece of jewelry that could use a bunch of 'loosies'. These are beads without partners or sets, that have a beauty all their own, but don't always find a place in beadweaving. I have a good selection of different sizes, bought mostly because I couldn't resist their beauty, but couldn't figure out what to do with them. This necklace actually uses about four different lampworkers' beads. Carolyn's appear in the strands, and I wish I could remember who created the larger beads.
Constitional Choas, Judge Andrew Napolitano
I decided to try this one again, and once again, all of the students in two sections of the course went with “mic.” The groups were more divided on “freshman” vs. “first-year student,” though they leaned toward the latter. “Athletic director” vs. “athletics director” drew an even split.
I write fair and honest reviews, but this does not mean I will always write positive reviews. My reviews are my opinion, and if I don’t enjoy a book then my review will reflect that.
Anyhoo, the story is told from both Frannie and Luc's perspectives. I thought reading through Luc's thoughts were fun and interesting, because he has that distinct badass quality, as well as you're kinda drawn into how he sees his task to tag Frannie, and his home down there in Hades. He's a first level demon, which gives him power, and he's born of pride, so he's very cocky and sexy. Excuse my thoughts, but it's true. He's the first one to have found Frannie after several failed attempts in the past by others.
So Joshua said, “Roll large stones against the mouth of the cave, and set men by it to guard them. And do not stay there yourselves, but pursue your enemies, and attack their rear guard. Do not allow them to enter their cities, for the Lord your God has delivered them into your hand.”
* Memento Tuxedo Ink
“Intended for parents and teachers of Afrikan american students, this book provides strategies for correcting the racial achievement gap in upper-grade mathematics.
I tried to pump the shotgun action to release the shell but the action would not release the shell like it was messed up/stuck (I was shocked that the pump-action shotgun was messed up like that, since they are usually more reliable, and easier to un-jam), and so I had to run outside as the men chased me shooting at me (which was messed up, since I could have killed the men inside if it were not for my messed up shotgun, everything was going great until that point); and I wanted to move them away from my grandfather’s room (I am not even sure if he was in the house or not, but I did not want to risk them finding him, even if he was sleep), since they had not checked it yet.
Build an online habitat. By clicking on the icons, you can sort the different animals and coordinating habitat features that sustain that environment. Choose: a lizard, polar bear, human, manatee, or beaver.
1) While doing a self-guided walking tour of Dusseldorf, we came upon a group of about 8 people gathered around a small TV. It was put out there by the guy running the park drink stand.
I KNOW, RIGHT?! Cuteness! The owls if from one sheet and the adorable tree is from another new one! And this card was SO EASY! I just printed out each of the two sheets and cut out the images for my card! Easy as pie! And NO COLORING NEEDED! I love that. Just say'n.
Many think the Gospel is this: the “Good News” of the death, burial and resurrection of Jesus so that we can go to heaven. That is certainly part of the gospel. But what about that transforms us?
One thing most people noticed immediately was its similarity to the Mega Man games. Like Mega Man, you could choose which stage you played, you acquired new abilities from defeated bosses (called Totems), and when you beat the stages, you faced the final stage and boss. Whomp ‘Em was the first game though to put you through an intro stage before Mega Man X did it. And unlike Mega Man, you expended no energy using your abilities (although the last one, Death Branch, consumed your life energy). It was a knock-off of Mega Man, but it was a good knock-off.
1/2c. cream
To the left is an inital necklace by Danielle Stevens and to the right by the Abalone Sunburst necklace by House of Harlow 1960. Both of these have such great charm! When you wear either of these necklaces, it's all you need, you don't need to wear 3 other's with it - yet if you want to funk it up, be my guest!
Was there anything you disliked?
If these things seem a bit excessive, the reader should bear in mind the earlier point about how the resources the police bring to bear on a crime are roughly proportional to its seriousness. If you plan to be driving around the country, kicking people's doors in, pointing guns at their heads and threatening to shoot them if they refuse to give you the combination to their safe, you had better expect the police to start pulling out all the stops. And the longer you get away with it, the deeper they will dig, and the greater the chances of their souped up top-down sweeps bringing your name up on a screen.
When you make a false statement with a deliberate intent to deceive, that is when you lie. You plant a tiny seed of deception that will manifest some way or another in your life and usually accompanied by suffering and pain.
Bake in preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes or until cake tester inserted in center comes out clean. Serve cake warm with ice cream or cool completely and frost with a whipped cream frosting.
Occasionally, one or the other of our correspondents goes off script.
Beautiful glimmer
IQ Don’t make any fool promises
Todd Usry, Brew Master
Dogfish Head Worldwide Stout
Eke many certain signs of things betide of old,
Here are some photos I found for Saturday’s (5 May 2012) super moon. It was so beautiful. Wasn’t much bigger in size but was a really bright full moon and the clear night sky made it all perfect.
I have told you many times how very special you are and want to tell you again. Being at the hospital for both of us, having lunch with Dad in his room, bringing Alissa and Zachary in. All of those things mean so much. You play with the kids and enjoy them (a lot of mothers don't). Your success with Mary Kay has made you a nicer person and brought you many friends because of your caring and personality.
I do not know how much I can endure.
In my travels down the Square, I came to my other favorite store to visit. Mountain Made is half handmade craft store, half antique store. And in case I’m not describing that well enough, the “crafty” side of the store is where local artisans sell their wares. From canned foodstuffs to toys, from pottery to Christmas ornaments, everything that you would find at a craft show, where everything is handmade, locally.
I'm very excited about his Challenge and have already started working on my first entry. I was very pleasantly surprised to see some of our members had already completed at least one item for the Challenge. One of the things I love about these Challenges is that they bring out the creativity in all of us, often pushing us to try new things and test our skills in new ways. It's always interesting to see other people's interpretation of the theme. You can be sure to see plenty of unique, beautiful , and often whimsical pieces from our members!
It will take at least five years for employment in advanced economies to return to pre-crisis levels, it said.
being torn poured with bitumen
It is clear that between the time the first and second epistle were written the persecution significantly increased[7]. Paul is understandably thankful that they are prospering and seems to have lost his note of concern that marks the first letter. But now he seems far more serious and direct in regards to his beliefs concerning the fate of the wicked that troubled them.
One of my favorite things about Himegyaru is the fun hair accessories! It's not just tiaras and flowers, girls, there are lots more!
Dialogue: 6,0:00:56.34,0:00:58.59,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,It’s not like I’m against those.
Zazza zazza zazza zazza zay "
1. Did I mention, I am PREGNANT!??!!?!!??!!!
After about 30 minutes of tossing and turning and tossing some more, I thought, "Well, I'll go look one more time, and then I'll go to sleep." I went out to the back deck and flipped on the porch light and, BINGO, there she was, wide-eyed and sort of freaked out with a huge puffed-out tail, hunched down behind the chimnea. I said, "Diane?" And I heard a tiny "mew" in return. She bolted back into the house and almost immediately hunkered down on the bed next to me, both of us relieved as Hell that she was home.
I’m up by 5 a.m. and I get into work by 6:30 a.m. to receive promo tapes from Los Angeles. I review the tapes to make sure there are no errors, no glitches; I’m the last filter before millions of our viewers get a sneak peak on what’s coming up on Live! with Regis and Kelly. At 8:47 a.m., I watch the feed go out from our control room. At this time, affiliates across the country take in the promotional commercials that we produce. At 9 a.m. we go live and for the remainder of the show, I stay in the control room to joint down moments of the show that we can use for future commercials. At noon, I meet with Executive Producer Michael Gelman and the rest of the Live! with Regis and Kelly staff to brainstorm for upcoming show. This meeting can last anywhere from 30 minutes to two 1/2 hours. Live! with Regis and Kelly is truly a family and Michael really enjoys the staffs input.
When a woman of high caliber enters a room, everyone knows. You can tell by her walk, by her appearance, and by her conversation that she has mastered the art of womanhood. She might not be the prettiest, but you’d choose her over that prom queen 10 out of 10 times. Her speech doesn’t reflect ignorance, and neither does her attire.
Bertie sighed. “All right then.” He limped over to the black tom and dutifully scraped the top of his head with raspy tongue. "I am so, so glad you are not dead, Reg...inald."
For collectors on a budget, you can find Corey Haim certified autographs from Upper Deck and Panini which can be had for under $30 dollars on eBay. If you are a Corey Feldman fan, I feel for you. You can find certified autographs of the other Corey for under $10 dollars all day every day. You can find his music cds for free, however.
The socialists, leftists, liberals, call them what you may, will be rubbing their hands in glee today. They have silenced those who disagree with their ideology through a mixture of intimidation, smear, and media blackout, and have done so in a totalitarian manner reminiscent of the Nazis or the Communists.
Great Divide Colette Farmhouse Ale
Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Building - The building is 25,200 square feet and its two great wings are 55 feet high. The great fountain in the center court, 120 feet high, plays a "synchronous symphony of color, sound and water."
Health insurance customers who are diagnosed with myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME) or Chronic Fatigue Syndrome could be suffering with the illness because of an immune system defect, according to research.
1/2 teaspoon of cinnamon or a small cinnamon stick
but complications almost took me away
“I can’t believe I agreed to help Chloe do this,” said Raymond quietly to himself. “Where the hell has she gone anyway?” He blurted this out whilst looking around for her.
I have a solution : implement a long-press on the top bar which will make the currently active app jump to the top of the view.
But finally, and very importantly for an intellectual, Israel is apologized for. It's not just that the system has created a racist country; it's also that such racism is defended by an army of writers, pundits, lecturers and bloggers. And it's an unconditional defense based on outrageous falsities, like the claim that Israeli soldiers put their lives at stake to prevent civilians from being harmed. Other countries' wars are occasionally defended too, but not with such insistence or with such egregious lies. You don't see commentators supporting Russia's onslaught of the Chechens with the argument that Russians never targeted civilians.
2. If you could move anywhere, where would you move? England. I have never been there, but my answer to this question has always been England. Freshman year I wrote a paper trying to convince my mom to send me to boarding school in England. It didn't work.
d) Others use this long name as an Egyptian term meaning “the governor of the abode of Him who lives.”
Charlene
We can’t just let it pass us by
On our next home sashimi session, we decided to have a veggie feast along with it, instead of the california maki and sweet and sour pork that appeared a couple of weeks back. So here you have it, three kinds of veggies.
It was my second Friday in Barcelona. This time I was much more aware of my surroundings. I ventured out alone for most of the day. About 4 blocks from Pari's apartment was a vegan store. I wandered in and got a few items. One was a chocolate covered eclair type item, another was an amazing ice cream item.
Serve in a cold martini glass and pretend it's summer. Or make a big batch of it for a Superbowl party and call it Giants' Punch. And be sure to taunt the Patriots fan who hosted the party with it, and refuse to let him drink any until he says "Go Giants!", and then salsa dance in his living room when the Giants win the game. #victorcruz #yesplease #gogiants
I found this hardest at the pre-walking phase. I mean, they were adorable, of course, and full of fun smiles and giggles, but spending hours on the floor, just watching them or showing them how to do things was at times more difficult than I could have imagined.
Camaal: Yeah, but in a microwave.
Reasonable Ribbon Crochet Lace (approx 2 ft)
To make up for all the doom and gloom in the last post, here are some pictures I took that afternoon while we took a stroll through the Englischer Garten, Munich’s humongous park. After we got back from Dachau, we needed something to lift our spirits and a walk through the park seemed to be just the ticket.
Camilleri says of his beloved Black Sorrows “On a good night we’re a great band… On a bad night, we’re a train wreck. And I reckon that’s the way bands should be… I’d rather fall on my face than be the same every night.” It is this mission statement that not only gives Crooked Little Thoughts its restless ecleticism (covering rock’n’roll, reggae, country, blues, gospel etc), but also its rollicking and blood-pumping live feeling across all 24 tracks.
Gently deflate the dough with your hand. Flour a work surface and roll the dough into a 20″ by 12″ rectangle. Use a pastry brush to spread the melted butter evenly and liberally over the dough. Use a pizza cutter to cut the dough crosswise in five strips, each about 12″ by 4″. Sprinkle 1 1/2 tablespoons of the lemon sugar over the first buttered rectangle. Top it with a second rectangle, sprinkling that one with 1 1/2 tablespoons of lemon sugar as well. Continue to top with rectangles and sprinkle, so you have a stack of five 12″ by 4″ rectangles, all buttered and topped with lemon sugar.
This book was written in the days before anyone thought of political correctness. I can imagine that some people might find this offensive; it pokes fun not just at the English language, but at the foibles of those attempting to learn it. It's full of cultural stereotypes. But it's not meant to be offensive or demeaning. Mr Kaplan is a generous, hard-working man. Moreover, the book is intended as a light-hearted romp, with some very amusing sections.
Then the doors open, and we are set free to go forth and break through the boundaries in our own world.
Attend other book launches and book-related events at the local bookstore. You will learn things, have fun, and enjoy being a part of the scene. And you don't want to be one of those types who doesn't support others but expects their support in return.
(P.s. If your wondering why I'm laughing like a drain in the photo, hubby had just knocked a box of paperclips all over the floor... It was funnier than it sounds)
As the end of ANOTHER school year approaches, I am now about to send my son off to Beacon Cove with the issue of identifying Jacob’s learning disability (if any, but highly likely) left unresolved. I have now been trying to get my son help for THREE years. I cannot and do not understand how a school district can let a child, such as my son, fall through the cracks. Jacob LOVES attending school every day. He LOVES to learn. As a mother, I feel as though my son has been robbed of his first three (and most important) years of school because of the lack of support the Palm Beach County School District has given Jacob and myself. As a parent of other children in the school district, one who was in the gifted program and another whom was tested for the program, I am EXTREMELY saddened by the lack of timeliness and disregard I have had to deal with concerning Jacob, opposed to the quick and eagerness I experienced when getting my other children tested for the gifted program.
slave bracelets, hand pieces, ring-bracelets, whatever you want to call it i love it all. i hate falling in love with a design that is older and now sold out like this LOW LUV by ERIN WASSON metal hand piece pictured. i have been scouring the web for a worthy design to get and this is my ideal fit but alas it isnt available anymore from what i've researched. the designer behind the brand is erin wasson, a model you probably would recognize due to maybelline ads. how much creativity she actually puts into the pieces i am unsure of, but i am sure that i love almost everything in the line.
I don’t remember seeing this the first time around, but I wasn’t quite 5 years old at the time, so that’s not entirely surprising. Although I do remember the credits changing to this weird tunnel when Tom Baker became the Doctor.
“…do you believe in the Christian God?”
“…the The Five Non-Negotiables must be present for a paired leadership program to work: Respect, belief, trust, loyalty, and commitment. We test all decisions against these characteristics. Paired leadership is so fundamental to our management style we would never consider going back. Two really good leaders – together – produce great outcomes consistently.”
I offered to take my niece out for the morning as they were babysitting her but desperately wanted to carry on sorting out the books they had got the day before. After much deliberation we decided we’d try somewhere she’d been before and enjoyed and as an added bonus somewhere I’d enjoy going to as well. As it was a wee bit nippy the park was out, so we went to THE DEEP in Hull. This place has some good memories for me and now has traumatic childhood memories for my niece (mwahahah)
Have you all seen the tiny Tumbleweed Houses? I'm sure you have, they're huge right now (Ha)! Jay Shafer, the owner of the company was on Oprah a year or two ago and I've been fascinated ever since. Jay lives in an 89 square foot home that he built himself. Here is a video of Jay's home:
Each Dream Is An Example is a subdued brass fanfare punctuated by piano that sounds like a Frank Zappa ouverture played at half speed.
Russell Stockard, California Lutheran University. Media Event Sequels: Katrina, Race, History, and Memory
i'm completely and totally over-the-moon emotional when it comes to this boy!)
about ½ cup white chocolate chips
In their words, their philosophy is “to provide microphones without coloration.” They also claim that their microphones can be used on virtually any instrument because of their “naturalness.” Although I wasn’t able to fully test this claim, I was impressed with the instruments I did use the mic with. When I checked out their list of users I found an impressive roster that included Jay Leno, the Imperial Theatre in Tokyo, the British Company Theatre, the Sydney Opera House, Disney and the San Diego Symphony.
*Use organic ingredients, as all the veggies and fruit in this recipe are high on the pesticide scale.
Am I going to point out every single mistake you make in a conversation point you make? Yes, I most certainly will. I will also make sure that you try and stick to my subject post, which has tended to get off topic lately on my blog. If you want to have an all out debate with me, Go to Reddit and look up my damn username. This is an atheist blog, and I dont want it propagandized with theist crap, threats, hatred , etc from theists. I dont generally use fallacies in my arguments, I expect the same courtesy.
No, no I was wrong. It's too soon for us to watch this.
7:50. Ten minutes to go to KO. Time for a toilet break and another round.
In the days when my father and V were together, V and I were friends.....we spent a lot of time together, right up to the time she betrayed my dad....and although I was happy to part ways with her as my friend (at the time I was only 25 and in the middle of something I had no business being in the middle of) I never really forgave her, for the betrayal and the subsequent war she enacted against my dad and my family. So, I come to the day when I must face this anger and resentment and find forgiveness....if not for me, for Bro and the family. For the most part, V is not on my radar until I hear a story about her behavior toward my little brother and although I know that holding onto any anger, resentment, even hate only diminishes me, I cannot help but feel negatively toward her.
A lesson from the past we may recall
With the UK release of The Avengers, or Avengers Assemble, just one week away I have decided to look back over the films that Marvel studios have made in the lead up to this huge movie event. Ranking them from worst (which is a horrible word to use, especially in this case as none of the films are exactly bad) to best. Here we go:
The interesting about the Tales series lately is that they have included many interesting DLCs like custom costumes for characters which takes reference from other games or anime. I’m not sure if it will be the same for the English port over but I’ve seen many interesting costumes appear on the Japan side.
Well Mr Kenneth Mubu, maybe this is the real reason why Zuma’s administration is attempting to strength ties with their old comrades in Cuba:
I don't leave food out, and the litter box is scooped. And over time, things have gotten better, bit by bit. There's a whole other post about having the boys clean with me, and why my house is the way it is - but that's a whole other post.
PS: According the the people in this video, they were pushed into the streets , grouped together so that they too can be tear-gassed.
As of 2002, the recent discovery of itch-specific neurons (nerve cells) has given doctors a better understanding of the causes of the sensation of itching. Another factor that contributes to itching is the release of endogenous opioids in the body.
* Kids now have to be 12, not 10, at local pool (w/ lifeguard) without parent. That would’ve kept me inside 2 more yrs. http://bit.ly/cvVNuM
Fire TORPEDOS!!!
As I said, there’s not a whole lot to see nowadays. The above photo shows the remains of what was a two-story building which some say was the Mutz Hotel. However, Ofelia Barber, who was married in the building in 1872, stated that it was not the Mutz, but another facility, supposedly with rooms to rent on the first floor and a dance hall on the second. However, judging from other photos, even this ruin is a shadow of what it was 7 or 8 years ago. The Elizabethtown Cemetery, however, seems to still be quite active and not surprisingly. Who wouldn’t want their final resting place to be on a hill overlooking the Moreno Valley, with Mt. Baldy to the east and Wheeler Peak to the west? Mrs. Barber left not only her husband there but two daughters as well when she moved from E-town in 1936, one of its last remaining residents.
In Jerusalem at the time, there was a man, Simeon by name, a good man, a man who lived in the prayerful expectancy of help for Israel. And the Holy Spirit was on him. The Holy Spirit had shown him that he would see the Messiah of God before he died. Led by the Spirit, he entered the Temple. As the parents of the child Jesus brought him in to carry out the rituals of the Law, Simeon took him into his arms and blessed God:
At Nathanael Greene Middle School, there were two John Reillys. A nickname could have eliminated confusion, but the school’s solution was more pedestrian: middle initials would distinguish the two. John F. Reilly (or Reills, as I called my best friend) hated that.
-Cleaning up dog poop
Having lived in North-East London most of my life there are great chunks of outer London that I don’t know at all well. I can probably say too that I know Central London better than my own immediate local area
Knesset-Member Yariv Levin: 'This bill is an important stage in the efforts to empower under-privileged populations and help many to break out of the circle of poverty. Using the legal advice provided to them, many people could fight for what they are legally entitled to and protect themselves, against suits filed against them. This way, those people will be able to break out of the circle of poverty. At the same time, this will prevent court decisions, obligating those people to pay enormous amounts, simply due to the fact that they were not represented in court, thereby, sending them back to the circle of poverty.'
SA’s rogue judges in the dock
She had her first bath today and even that was quite easy :-) I sat there with the new camcorder so was a breeze for me :-)
the most audacious grander plan
Despite this cooperation, Duke administrators actively assisted the state. Without informing President Richard Brodhead, administrators demanded from the captains a candid account of the evening’s events, allegedly citing a non-existent “student-faculty” privilege to encourage the captains to disclose any criminal activity. Multiple sources confirm that Coach Mike Pressler, apparently acting on orders from above, instructed the other players not to tell their parents about the police inquiry. Meanwhile, Dean Sue Wasiolek arranged for a local lawyer, Wes Covington, to act as a “facilitator” in arranging for a group meeting with police.
But I digress. Today's post is all about my bead sisters in clay. Here's a link to the Beads of Clay Blog, which has a listing of all the wonderful members of that group. There's also a link to the BOC Etsy shop. These lovely ladies MAKE lovely lovely works of art in clay, of some variety. I'm tickled pink to say I know more than a handful of these ladies, through Facebook and/or purchases I've made with them. I love all their work and I strongly encourage you all to check them out, if you haven't already. You won't be disappointed!
There’s a Subaru commercial where the guy says, “I LOVED my first car. Then I didn’t.”
The two airports were numbers four and five, respectively, on the bad list. The magazine tore into JFK for its long check-in lines, and Newark for cleanliness issues.
2. Click on the Twitter for the five hostesses and follow each of them on Twitter. We will follow you back.
I'm thankful that my four year told me he loves me so much he has hearts coming out of his head.
We've pulled out a BUNCH of shrub type bushes from along the chain link fence. I'd love to replace the chain link with some kind of pretty fence, but for now, the chain link is staying. Other fencing options are VERY costly. I'd also love to do something to that stupid white building that houses the pool motor (or whatever it is. haha...Can you tell that Patrick does all the pool maintenance?) But that will have to wait too. We did scrounge some doors about a year or so ago (the door that was on the building blew off when we had a bad storm a while back and we never replaced it.)
On our way up to the high school (where the contest took place) we had time to meet up with our family's and have them give us last minute advice and hugs. For anyone who knows me you can imagine how stressed out and "queenzilla." Thankfully my loving caring guy (Travis) didn't freak out on me as he came strolling in on his own time with a cute boquet of flowers. The silly boy is new to the flower buying business so when he handed them to me he I quote said, "I would have gotten you roses, but those sure cost a lot. I would have also bought you a bigger boquet but even these were expensive!" ...yup, thank's my man.
Anyway, so I'm jogging along and traffic is pretty sparse and as I'm coming up on the exit to my right when suddenly a car appears driving the wrong direction on the freeway at breakneck speed, and followed by a police car. I think to myself "Hey, that's dangerous!"** The next thing I know, several more cars come tearing the wrong way down the freeway and a massive accident happens right in front of me. By this time, the pavement has become unbearably hot and is burning the soles of my feet and... The rest of the dream is gross, so I'll spare you all that bit.
What other spokespeople/brand ambassadors do you enjoy seeing? What companies/brands would you like to see go the route of Ford and get a Mike Rowe-esque bump?
Level 18: MP Cost: 13, Duration: 180 seconds.
When one gets pinned on Pinterest, great people stop by, but The Spammers also come out to play. Who knew?!?!! I think I've hit 40 emails in the past three days, all sharing with me the joys of Cialis and hair extensions.
Self-doubt: “I can’t do this, I can’t do this! Why did I ever agree to do this?” But you will do it, and you will overcome. I often worry about whether I’ll be able to parent with as much energy as I did with the first two; I’ve loved being a dad and never want to be old dad, too tired to do anything (this is another reason why I run).
Talha Jamil Ahmad
my photo-taking mojo,
“I’m crazy about you and want you so bad right now.
16-18 oz sauce (homemade or a jar works)
I looked towards the vast Forest, the thousands of trees stretching out into forever, Birch and Yew trees as far as the eye could see, a few Oaks spotted, and I knew following the river in the entire river was lined with Willows.
So I took the Copic Certification course today, and it was great fun :)
pergo ruined.
Did you or your children(grandchildren too) ever have a dollhouse?
I say all this to inform you that if you find yourself flip flopping from faith to faith, not knowing which way to turn or what is right from wrong. If you feel that you have lost your way or that you haven’t found your way. It could be because you are looking at life from one perspective and not seeing the whole picture. It might be time for you put down the books and ask Maat to show you the other side of life. So that you can develop your intuition and learn to see life holistically.
Still unconvinced of Sukarno’s influence upon young Bâri′?
So: What did non-Muslims have to say about Muhammad and Islam, during his lifetime, and for 60 years afterward?
Happy Tuesday and Happy Teacher Appreciation Day! I envy all of those bloggers out there that I follow that do all of their projects early. Of course as usual, I was finishing everything up last minute. I work better under pressure.
“Without goals, and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination.” Fitzhugh Dodson
I start my internet search by using Google. I use key words "craft show" then the cities and towns in my very near area. I make a list of my finds with a few pertinent details -- date, location and fees if I can find them, and whether the show is part of a festival. If the info is available, I also note how long the show has been in existence and whether it's juried. Then I use alternate phrases like "craft fair", "art fair" and "art show" and keep googling. I also expand to include the state, rather than the specific towns near me. I've found that some states have very organized directories -- those are wonderful! I also check the various towns for their own Chamber of Commerce, visitor information or city events listings. Compiling this list can take some time but is well worth the effort.
When we found out that we were having our first son, like most parents we immediately hit the bookstore to begin trying to soak up sage parenting advice to guide us on this uncertain journey. We weren't necessarily looking for information that was popular, or traditional, or "scientifically proven", whatever that means. We were looking for practical information that made sense to us and rang true in our hearts. In the end, we came up with an overall philosophy that many people may think is pretty out there in terms of how far away it is from traditional parenting. We decided against formula feeding, against circumcision, against vaccinations (eventually), and against disposable diapers. Or, more appropriately, we decided to breastfeed, to keep our sons whole physically, to inform ourselves about the risks and rewards of vaccinations and adjust accordingly, and to wash our own cloth diapers. After doing our research and searching our hearts, these decisions all made sense to us. But there was one other choice we made that has been as rewarding as it has been controversial---the decision to share a family bed, or co-sleep, with our children.
Welcome to Everything Else! Mondays I blog about Travel and Wednesday about Faith, but on Fridays I blog about Everything Else!
1 establish
Cyd Charisse has moved from San Francisco to New York where she stays in her bio-brother Danny’s apartment, looking for the perfect coffee, the perfect cupcake, only maybe a good culinary school (her mother’s plan, not hers!), but above all a way to deal with the whole Shrimp situation. Cyd said no to Shrimp’s marriage proposal at the end of Shrimp, and both of them decided on a clean break, with Shrimp being off to New Zealand, surfing and writing haiku, and Cyd in New York in search of some serious caffeination. When CC finally feels she’s on the right track, Shrimp turns up at her doorstep.
Over the weekend we asked for prayers, well wishes, and special thoughts for our sweet boy. We discussed all of the options. We spent extra time rubbing his head, receiving his handshakes, slipping his extra treats and showering him with love.
"Yes, that's it. I thought you understood what I was talking about. The greens look wrong."
One response to our campus pulse before (when asked ‘Do you think momma should be banned?’) was something like ‘Magdala na lang sila ng empty bottle tapos dun nila i-spit, pag may nagtanong kung ano yun, just say Carrot juice’ (Let them just have an empty bottle to spit in. When someone asks what is it, just say Carrot Juice). This response is funny.
The most important tool a parent has with his or her child is their relationship, and that relationship is more important than whether the child is experimenting or not. Thank to these men for the reminders, both of them in stark contrast to some of the other advice given in the same article. Let's focus on relationships. Let's be friendly to our children. Let's earn their trust instead of obliterating it with an arsenal of weapons. Maybe then they will just let us know what's going on in their lives, in good times and bad.
There are two famous poems about Thistles : one by Ted Hughes called "Thistles" and the other by Hugh MacDiarmid called "A Drunk Man looks at the Thistle"
d) a Byzantine emperor
"Oh you know, it's a mature garden now...runs itself really.. I'm not even sure you'd find that much to do..."
*Limit your submissions to 4-6 agents at a time. One of them may have constructive feedback that would improve your manuscript.
Goodbye to boring calculations,
"Subjects explored within the national chapters include small molecules, secondary patents, DNA, biologicals and personalised medicines, patent infringement and enforcement, compulsory licensing, branding and designs, counterfeiting and collaborative models". So now you know. This form of publishing is generally much more greatly loved by those law firms which pay to contribute their chapter, since the book is handsomely produced, both looks and feels serious. It's also far less likely to be thrown away by its recipients than the business cards, mouse-pads, desk calendars and other detritus of client courtship. But for all the mockery and cynicism it must be conceded that there are some highly-respected firms and contributors on this list (including several of the IPKat's friends and many readers of this weblog) and, if you want what this book provides, you will not be disappointed.
Row 8- ch1, turn, sc in 4 (lv rem unfinished)
This one is a little blurry, but I love how Jonathan loves Abigail so much...she was here for dinner last night, along with Mali Rose. Emily had to work.
There is less than 2 weeks to go to the big day and I am injured! I can’t believe my bad luck.
12x12 Tempting Turquoise Cardstock
I gave him a fluffy tail with some Fun Flock and sewed around all the edges and added my Crealies Border again. I had someone ask me exactly how I did the border on one of my cards and thought I would go ahead and show you with some photos. I got the idea from Norma who did this some time last year.
for a PLA amphibious invasion of Taiwan with minimal warning. Based on a premature and "tarded assumption that cross-Strait trade and investment will inevitably lead toward Taiwan’s democratic submission to Chinese Communist Party (CCP) authoritarian rule, prominent analysts have asserted that the focus of Great Satan"s defense planning should shift toward the South China Sea and defense of the global commons.
These two elements, combined with the fact that I have watched more than a few comic-based animated films on NetFlix recently, have me almost wanting to collect comics again. Which I’m well aware is the point of FCBD. However, comic books have become an investment these days. Used to be, you could collect a single title, or maybe a small handful, and get the complete story. But not so anymore. Now, with so many crossovers and over-arching storylines, you have to practically buy everything on the shelf to get the whole story. And I just can’t afford that.
Translation: Germany has to immediately throw billions more of taxpayer money into the insolvent bank pit (just like America did), or else Tiny Tim will get angry. Well, if Germany’s ruling class was against pledging over 100% of its GDP to bailout Greece and the other insolvents, it will surely be persuaded to commit political suicide after the last man standing from Obama’s administration, who still inexplicably has not been fired for gross incompetence (and also prosecuted for tax evasion), has his say. And just as the short selling ban lasted all of one week before Europe’s banks tumbled, even a favorable uptake of the idiot’s proposals will at best lead to a 24 hour spike in prices followed by what will likely be the terminal tumble into the abyss of failed Keynesian-Bernankian experimentation.
1/2 tbsp. cayenne pepper
Families, dogs and virtually not a single leaf moving. So calm.
I have attached them below and added a fillable area for you (if you want to use it!) to put in your own e-mail address on a few of the sheets where e-mailing the words is a choice- you'll just have to download (rather than just view) to edit on those pages.
* determining the validity of the patent or of a patent claim relating to the invention
Our apologies for our Friday blog arriving on Saturday evening. It’s been one of THOSE WEEKS.
the Groom looks upon with distaste.
So now it's my turn to make gratin dauphinois for Sir Lancelot and since I can't find sour cream in Paris, there for sure will not be any mix-ups. Long live cheesy potatoes!
The new details about Trayvon’s past come the same day as thousands marched through the streets of Sanford, where the shooting happened, to demand justice.
The PCD measured levels of small dust particles in the North yesterday as part of its airquality monitoring operations. To tackle the problem, the PCD called on authorities to prevent people from burning garbage, agricultural scraps and dry leaves.
She was one of my favorites. She sang as hard as her life was. Starting as many do, with gospel music, then into R&B.. Later mixing R&B with gospel, jazz, blues, soul, rock and roll, doo wop, and even later adding elements of hip hop. She was something very different. Her own person..her own style.
Cardstock: SU Not Quite Navy and Wisper White
Paris is (surprise, surprise) different after a decade. And so am I. I tried to hunt down favorite spots for the first few days only to realize 1) they didn't exist, 2) they changed management (and so shouldn't exist), or 3) I don't swoon anymore. So I've been exploring, trying to find what makes me swoon or giggle or want to stuff my face. The first night in Paris, I tried to go grocery shopping and the sheer amount of choix made me grab a packet of coffee and hightail it out of there without grabbing some cream. Stick a woman in Oklahoma for a few months, and she forgets what she likes.
For example: Consider Job, in Job 1:1 he’s described as ‘blameless and upright, one who feared God and turned away from evil.’ James 5:11 referred to him as blessed and steadfast and uses his story as an example of God’s mercy. Down through the ages this story is used to encourage people who were going through tough times to persevere and keep their faith and hope fixed on God for the final victory. But to some today, Job is a fool. An ‘unbelieving’ believer who needlessly suffered calamity just because he wouldn’t watch his mouth and trust in God. Taking Job 3:25 out of context, ‘ For the thing that I fear comes upon me, and what I dread befalls me’. They ignore what God Himself had to say, and in the process blaspheme God, calling Him a liar. Ignoring that God never once blames Job for his supposed ‘negative confession’. Instead these scripture twisters join the chorus of Jobs false-friends who slandered and accused him assigning sin and blame to Job. God rebuked them then, and will also eventually rebuke the scripture twisters of today. Their god is too small and bears no resemblance to the One True God. Seeking to establish control over their lives by manipulating what happens in their lives with their words, they replace the sovereignty of God Almighty for the pitifully inadequate sovereignty of self.
It is now known – thanks to the meticulous research of Dr. Jennifer Luke from the University of Surrey in England – that the pineal gland is the primary target of fluoride accumulation within the body.
Posted by Justin "The Claw" at 3:14 PM 3 comments
We have two huge events coming up at The Charleston Beer Exchange to tell you about!
Once Roberto crosses the border into California, the movie becomes something of a road film. We see Roberto move around from job to job, mostly as a day worker picking fruits and vegetables. Through these jobs he meets a Chicano and fellow worker named Joe (Trinidad Silva), a genial man determined to teach Roberto English and about American culture. Young had described ¡Alambrista! as a guerrilla film, something that is especially obvious in scenes where Roberto interacts with Joe and other paisanos; the men share great unscripted moments in which they laugh and converse—moments which Young admited would be very difficult to plan. Young also made use of a largely unprofessional cast; all the undocumented workers and all of the border patrol officers used on film were just playing themselves. In one scene a young Edward James Olmos’ character is a drunken nuisance screaming at a group of men waiting to be given work. Two hidden cameras were present for the scene, including one handled by Young, who also moonlighted as the film’s cinematographer.
The spirit of Catholic charity — that we help those in need not out of any expectation of reciprocity, but as a pure gift, and that we even help those who might not like us — finds no analogue in classical Greece and Rome, but it is this idea of charity that we continue to embrace today.
Molson Breweries Of Canada. Ltd. Molson Canadian Lager
Editor: “Hey, I know this is a rough draft…”
We live in a lovely location. At the end of the road is a path that goes past the back of our house and winds down by the river and all around our town. I take many of my nature photos on this trail, but try to vary them as much as possible. When I’m feeling low on inspiration, a half an hour walk down there always does the trick. The weather was also awesome today, so that helped too. It was definitely a beautiful Spring day.
"Merry" stamp - Recollections
We changed our plans around a little bit, so we are going out for Valentine's Day tonight.
Heat blazes, brow pricks.
7 tbsp lemon juice (~3.4 oz., or 100 mls, or ~3 lemons' worth)
THE ECONOMIST RELEASES IP SURVEY - The Economist is giving special attention to intellectual property this week, noting that IP has become the most important resource for most companies, replacing land, energy and raw materials. According to the survey, as much as three-quarters of the value of publicly traded companies in America comes from intangible assets, up from around 40% in the early 1980s (copies of the survey can be purchased here).
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, spices and salt; set aside.
And finally I am hoping to give the room a nice spring cleaning cause it is overdue. Once everything is done and settled, I will take pictures to share with everyone.
The White Hats/Brethren of the White Robe Mexican faction, Los Caballeros de la Corazón Blanco, are engaged in battle with Cabalists in Mexico City, Acapulco, Ensenada, Calexico and Tijuana, with Semjase’s fleet blocking any Dracos and Gray attempts to enter the airspace.
A big thank you to all our friends who joined in with the sketch challenge last month, we had some lovely entries and it was interesting to see how varied the entries were considering everyone was using the same starting point.
I’ve got no right to complain, I guess
unique relationship with each other.
So, what have I been up to? Well there's actually loads going on in my life right now. Not all good and the bad seems to be taking up more time than the good at the moment (but that's a whole other post). I don't like to write what I call "bad" posts but this particular subject is something that is very important to me and my family and has affected us all so much that I feel I need to put it out there. However, it is one of those posts that I really want to take some time writing so I'll save it for another time.
3. Neighborhood swimming pool, cool water kissed breeze, smells of summer.
Peter’s favorite place.
3. Third, Habermas’s argument rests on the same sort of god-of-the-gaps inference as other failed apologetics. Even if the items asserted to be “facts” were, indeed, actual facts, it would be reasonable for someone challenged to provide an explanation to say, “I don’t know.”
There are so many things I have no idea about right now.
Level 14: Damage: +14%, Critical Rate: +14%.
New York, NY 10029
2. Jewel and Garnet yams, .48/lb at Newflower (through 12/1/10)
So I started this saying that interpretations of stats lie. Maybe it sounded harsh, but I’m going to stick with it. If you are putting out materials that interpret statistics to an audience and are representing yourself as an expert, authority or thought leader, then your interpretations better be valid, and stand up to the thinking.
In the end, I think a great deal of life depends on the consumption (and thus destruction… and thus suffering) of other life.
Certainly there are plenty of Texas Republican primary voters slavish to such round-em-up demagoguery, but that segment of the party's base is split off from the GOP's biggest money-men on the issue. You saw the disconnect between Texan attitudes on immigration and the national GOP base when Rick Perry was blasted in the presidential campaign for signing Texas' DREAM Act. Most Texans are practical, particularly when it comes to business, and as a practical matter turning productive workers into prisoners whose room, board, and healthcare taxpayers must finance amounts to a fool's errand.
Mr. Worden
We got the boys all ready and prepped today for what is going to happen. They seem pretty excited. We will see how it goes. I just can’t wait to see them feel good about their accomplishments.
Is it because of their growing ties with communist China?
http://www.informationweek.com writes today about the increased necessity of properly trained DPOs, citing Google’s global privacy counsel Peter Fleischer:
“If it is a human being it will introduce itself, if it is not it will vanish. But if you response to it you will get enchanted, you will follow it to the forest and it will kill you.”
From my Egyptian couch
From the 1958 book "Shippingport Pressurized Water Reactor" written by the Naval Reactors Division of the AEC, Westinghouse, and Duquesne Light, we produce the following passage that introduces us to the metallurgical aspect:
I measure vintage organists and their recordings against Korla Pandit. This is just my personal preference as I'm on the look out for exotica influences and the unique. There are a few exotica standards listed on this album that perked my interest.
The Malaysian Marine Parks Department spent a whopping RM56,350 for a pair of night vision Marine binoculars. They paid 29 times more than the binocular’s market value of RM1,940 a pair.
(Julia? Julia in Austin? Are you ok? Did you pass out? I know, you thought this day would never come. Heather, give Julia some smelling salts! She's plotzing!)
Over the course of ten weeks, we talked about every type of children’s writing, from picture books through to YA and crossover novels. I picked a list of recommended reading (that wasn't easy) which included classics and contemporary novels.
The exact truth behind Whitney's relationship with Robyn Crawford still seems to be radioactive, with the press only covering claims made by British gay militant Peter Tatchell (reduced to recycling made-up quotes attributed to Jaz Coleman back in the 80s before Whitney died) that Whitney's sham marriage to Bobby Brown was the beginning of her long, ugly downfall. For her part, Crawford wrote a heart-rending open letter that detailed her history with Whitney without addressing the exact nature of their relationship.
Alum crystals to purify drinking water.
Despite the rhetoric about a fairer economy, the current economic policy is anything but. In an effort to cleanse the hypothetical national debt the government is making people’s lives significantly worse. Until we establish who the money is owed to, how much it actually is and why the hell the government thinks that money is more important than, say, education, the people shouldn’t be paying.
Shouted it, that I did.
UPDATE: 10 p.m. – Mitt Romney said in a statement released by his presidential campaign:
After reading these words, I immediately called my husband. I’m a verbal processor, so I needed to talk my reactions out. He knew that these reviews where coming, and with loving kindness he made time for me during his busy work day. We had talked back and forth about some of the specific points my reviewer had made for a while when he asked me a great question. He asked, “Have you read Chris’s latest post over at his blog, The Art Of Non-Conformity?”
Coco has spoken her first word (aside from all the mama, dada, baba crap) and much to everyone's surprise, it's a French one. She held her bottle up to me last week and repeatedly said something that sounded like "Uncle! Uncle!" I was like "Uncle? Uncle? What the hell?" Then she sobbed and hit me with her bottle because she was upset she'd been birthed by a moron.
You will also notice from the photos that I have a 100ml water bottle also purchased cheaply from eBay.
Why, though, does Beinart never even wonder if there is an Israeli side to the story, never entertain the possibility that Jaber deserved to be arrested? The mere fact that Israeli actions cause people pain is too much for him to bear.
Momo’s balcony overlooks the pool. Her apartment is WAY too nice for college kids, but that’s all that lives there! What happened to living in a dump during college? Sitting on a sofa you bought at a yard sale with books under one leg to keep you from tipping over? They have hardwood floors, stainless steel appliances, beautiful cabinets, and just look at this pool! It was a warm day today so all the kids were out at the pool. There was volleyball, corn hole, football throwing, more beer cans overflowing trash cans and littering the ground than you’d see at an outdoor concert. There had to be 150 kids out there. It was like a scene from MTV Spring Break. Amazing. How do they study?? Anyway, we had a great day then hit the road for the ride home.
1 cup salad oil
"Tessatina Border" border underneath Rectangle and in between the PP, from Memory Box.
My first job was as a volunteer at a local horse farm when I was 12, it was hard work and long hours but I loved it more than anything, I learned about working as well as learning about caring for, riding and training horses. If I had been in school I would not have had nearly as much time to spend doing
Why the poor view of our bodies?
Whip all ingredients together until the soft-but-firm stage.
In previous brews of this Double Chocolate Stout, I would melt chocolate and add it only at the time I would keg the beer. I always had to deal with a bit of oils that killed the head real quick. After drinking a gallon or two and perhaps sitting for a bit in the kegerator, the pours start coming out with better head.
exclusive interview
dash of Tabasco (G, I will leave this out for you...lol)
I have bought some more scissors.....
Proving once again that the Gowanus Canal , the first US Environental Protection Agency's Superfund site in New York City, is of global interest, a delegation from India toured the waterway this past Friday morning to learn not only about its industrial history, the level of pollution and of clean-up options, but to also gain further understanding of the Superfund program.
I still don't get it, but the music was incredible, and the inspired rearrangements of virtually every song she performed made them sound almost new.
In the coming months I will cover the elements that make a business a good business, and hopefully encourage owner/managers to reconsider the belief that owning a business means low returns, long hours and frustrating employee issues.
Republicans also need to start making the argument for severing the ties between health insurance and employment, as well as relaxing the regulations governing interstate commerce that keeps the more than one thousand insurance companies in this country from practicing in all fifty states. Toss in a little torte reform and and a few other free market ideas, and the disastrously lumbering behemoth that was ObamaCare can be replaced with a consumer-oriented free market that can be tailored to each individual customer according to their needs, not government diktat.
With not even a fight.
in order to make ends meet
Red Leicester
all the sorority and fraternity homes.
2 oz Grated Parmesan Cheese
Originally published for “The Alternative Chronicle” Jan. 17, 2011.
The majority of leaders in his party still are hardliners, and the handful of reformist leaders such as Umno Youth chief Khairy Jamaluddin are facing challenges inside the system, especially as they are showcased to defend the system they are in.
20 Jan 2012: Prof Mark Davison (Monash University) writes on Philip Morris’ “own goal” major blunder in its Hong Kong bilateral trade case against plain packaging.
Will never disappear
16But these five kings went in flight secretly to a hole in the rock at Makkedah.
But when there's clear negligence, why should the towns foot the entire bill? Consider the 12-hour rescue in 2010, for example, by Amherst responders of 25-year old Maya Hersh from a cave in the hills of nearby Leverett. Ms. Hersh got stuck in a cave's narrow orifice. To her discredit, she confessed to having been stuck and unstuck there before (the first time without emergency assistance).
1829: 46%
James is better known than Philip. He is called, in the sacred Scripture, Brother of the Lord, on account of the close relationship that existed between his own mother and the blessed Mother of Jesus. He claims our veneration during Paschal Time, inasmuch as he was favoured with a special visit from our Risen Lord, as we learn from St. Paul. There can be no doubt but that he had done something to deserve this mark of Jesus’ predilection. St. Jerome and St. Epiphanius tell us that our Saviour, when ascending into heaven, recommended to St. James’s care the Church of Jerusalem, and that he was accordingly appointed the first bishop of that city. The Christians of Jerusalem, in the fourth century, had possession of the chair on which St. James used to sit when he assisted at the assemblies of the faithful. St. Epiphanius also tells us that the holy Apostle used to wear a lamina of gold upon his forehead as the badge of his dignity. His garment was a tunic made of linen.
We’re still on the subject of color, but moving to more rapid fire questions. I’ll give you the choice of two black things and you name your preference. Black eye vs. Black tongue?
I was in the bar at Elstree Film Studios last week, which can feel a little like swimming in the recently dangerous waters off Sharm-el-Sheikh, surrounded by sharks circling for prey – though, in the current economic climate, the dead eyes are more desperate that deadly (unless, one presumes, you go into business with them).
-Big Eye IPA,
The 1967 UK Pan paperback (first thus) of John D. MacDonald's The Only Girl in the Game, originally published in the States by Gold Medal in 1960 and in the UK (in a now-very valuable hardback, natch) by Robert Hale in 1962. As with the book featured in the previous post, I bought this at the recent London Pulp and Paperback Fair. I've never read any MacDonald, but the cover caught my eye, and the Las Vegas setting intrigued me, and it was cheap, and I knew I wanted to read something of MacDonald's at some point, but didn't want to get sucked into another series – in MacDonald's case the Travis McGee novels. So I grabbed this.
8.) Remove pan from heat and let cool slightly
And he notes that, in contrast to Bronx BP Adolfo Carrión, who put most of his capital money toward affordable housing, Markowitz spreads his office's bucks around.
There hasn't been too much else going on around here--just our normal every day stuff. J has been making different amigurumi items just about each day. I've been working with the yarn I showed in my last post. It's not an easy yarn to work with though so it's slow going.
If after all that, you are STILL interested (and I hope you are!), shoot me a message and we'll chat.
Rnd 15: Attach color B; ch 3, dc in next 69 dc; join with sl st to 1st dc (70 dc)
By most accounts, the Heat still look unsettled at the end of close games. I’m arguing that Wade and James haven’t quite figured out how to handle these crunch-time situations because instead of living and dying with one of them, they’re busy trying to figure out the best way to live and die with both without hurting each other’s feelings in the process. LeBron isn’t the man in Miami because he doesn’t have to be. He can choose something else, anoter way.
Perhaps she has been reading too many Cam Jensen mystery books lately? Chad & I could not stop laughing when we read this. It is SO Audrey.
His eyebrows rose, “I seem to recall you leaving in a huff after our last conversation with Coil. What’s changed?”
Diana Ross? No. Shirley Bassey? No. Karen Carpenter? No. Dusty? I rest my case.
At BJU, however, nothing is ever as it seems. Despite its claims that no retaliation would be taken against the students, Chris became a marked man. He was called into meeting after meeting, sometimes in the middle of the night, to talk about his spiritual condition with a dean. They moved an informant, a resident assistant, into his room, to report on his activities. Finally, days before he was to have graduated, they expelled him. Supposedly, his expulsion was due to an accumulation of demerits for offenses like watching Glee. But we know the truth and the truth has a nasty habit of coming back to haunt those who don’t want the truth to be known. Just ask Ernie Willis. He’s just begun a 15-30 year prison sentence because the truth, although slow, eventually became known by everyone.
but if i could be a fictional person, i would be Arwen, or i would be Harry (short for Angharad) from The Blue Sword.
No matter where she goes.
Overall, I liked these but wish they had slightly more pigmentation. I'd still recommend.
Dr Bone recommends that her patients minimise their intake of sports and energy drinks. She also advises them to chew sugar-free gum or rinse the mouth with water following consumption of the drinks.
Global civil unrest and martial law followed as the masses realized that the remaining 1/3 of the world’s oil would be ceased by the world’s military to keep their war machines alive.
Gold Plates: An record chronicling approximately 1,000 years of ancient Americans, their prophesies, and the visit of Jesus to them. The plates were so important that they were preserved for 1,400 years so that Joseph Smith could not use them in translating the Book of Mormon.
So great :)
illusion, today I seek you, and you're not there.
saying nothing
I have said it before and I say it again! Bring back the REAL Viking Eric!!! The one with the total disdain for humans and their pretty much anything to do with them. The one that will “use” a human for his needs but sees them as a decidedly lower rank on the food chain. This “feelings” Eric doesn’t work for me at all. Eric, Bill and Alcide the Werewolf? Is that what we have to look forward to? Oh for the love of Cain I hope not.
Until the next walk about!
Comments: I actually made two batches of this recipe, because I liked the melt-in-the-mouth texture that this provided. However, I found it too sweet, so I decreased the icing sugar to just 20g for the second batch and upped the vanilla to half a teaspoon. Definitely a recipe that I'll turn to again next year.
Ink-Basic Black, Printer Ink
“In 1841 Brooklyn was a Whig County and, as has always been the case with a party opposing the Democratic party, the Whig embraced within its lines the great majority of the wealthy men of the city. It had two organs, the Star and the Advertiser. The Democratic party had none to defend it from attack or to advocate its principles. In the early part of 1841 it appeared as if the issues of the day were to the advantage of the Democrats. The logic of events was with it. How the Democrats were to advantage themselves in this condition was a frequent discussion among the Democrats who were active in affairs. The discussion proceeded through the summertime, and I was in frequent discussion with these active men. Early in the fall I suggested the establishment of a new paper. The suggestion was made to Henry C. Murphy. At first he did not take kindly to the suggestion, but, on reflection, he thought better of the idea. Finally a number of Democrats were called to a meeting in the office of Lott, Murphy & Vanderbilt at 3 Front Street.
The first offering, the Model B board, mounts a 700 Mhz ARM CPU, a GPU, 256 MB of memory, audio, HDMI, and RCA video outputs. an Ethernet connection, and two USB ports; there is also a slot for an SD memory card. The initial stock of Model B units sold out within a few hours of the launch in February; delivery has been somewhat delayed by initial manufacturing glitches, and the need to get a “CE” certification that the unit meets European regulatory standards.
i give this book 4.25 stars.
“We put forward a plan the Wall Street Journal calls supply-side economics for the working man, the working men and women of this country, to be able to get those jobs in manufacturing, to be able to get those skills, provide for their family. The average manufacturing job in America pays $20,000 more a year than the average job in America.”
Secondly, and more critically, they have uploaded a draft of the upcoming PEMRA Content Regulations 2012 – the code of conduct that local broadcasters will be bound to. The regulatory body has also called on the public to email their feedback before May 07, 2012, after which the code will presumably be finalized.
Me: Uh. Obviously NOT! Otherwise I wouldn't have been saying 'cock' all damn day!
If using a bread machine, use the (pizza) dough setting. Add the water, salt, sugar, oil, flour and yeast in the machine specific order to the bucket and start the program. If you don't have a bread machine, place flour in a large bowl. Push it to the sides from the center, forming a pit. Add water, salt, sugar, oil and yeast, and mix, slowly incorporating all the flower. Knead 15-20 minutes until dough is smooth. Cover bowl and let rest until dough volume is about doubled. Spray oil onto two 12.5 inch pizza dishes. Sprinkle corn flour onto pizza dishes (this makes the pizza crustier). Divide dough into 2 parts. On a lightly floured surface, roll each dough into 12.5 inch round. Press into pizza pans. Put oven racks on 2nd and 4th position from bottom. Preheat oven to 450°F. Divide tomato sauce and spread onto both pizzas. Season with herbs and pepper, using rosemary for half a pizza. To the half with rosemary, add olives and feta cheese. Spread ham, capers and olives on another pizza half. Use 3 slices of salami for each of the remaining halves. Slice mozzarella and use for salami and ham pizza. Bake pizzas staggered for about 12 minutes (one in far right, one in near left corner of rack), using both racks (pizza pans should overlap as little as possible for best air circulation). Switch positions after half the time. Cut into slices and serve.
Don't let it fall on me
(Please use the job code as email subject)
And to both, bee and flower,
Andy is going to be out tonight for a bachelor party, so that leaves me to fend for myself tonight for dinner. I work late, so I might just throw together some CSA vegetables and see what I come up with!
No, they’re not, but they are often confused. I wonder if the confusion is the result of apathetic laziness or ignorance. Or perhaps, it is a case of fingers doing their own thing when the synapses from the brain fail to clearly transmit the mind’s intent.
I blog because if I didn’t have a creative outlet for all the funny & crazy antics that transpire, I’d probably drink too much and spend my spare time yelling at my kids.
*3 cloves garlic
I was missing so much! Most of all, missing my children. There is no way to regain the time I've already lost with them. Cameron is 6, going on 10, and Spencer is now 4, but should still be 2. Here's one I took of of them from last fall, at the Markley Family Farm.
Breakfast: three scrambled eggs, refried beans, mixed veggies, four turkey “bacon”, Monster, AGG
Tropical drink melting in your hand
Oh, and Ezrantia is crumbling worse than a stale loaf of bread for the pigeons.
They are sitting in a bag on the dining room table.
Anyways, I’ve been trying to work in some sort of active divination working in my practice but in review of the results, I really can see myself going forward with it.
Once again it was great hanging with old friends during the weekend like Drew and Gary, Chuck and Dave along with new friends Shawn and his girlfriend , Kyle and the Awesome Bomb Radio team just to name a few. A big thanks you to TNA’ and Bob Ryder for his kindness as well.
right here.
Scott quotes Zbigniew Brzezinski:
There may well be the odd councillor from the three main parties who has done a superb job locally and deserves re-election, but they certainly cannot exist on anything like the level reflected in the results quoted above.
So, all you advertising wallahs out there… know what happens…? I’ll go and stick the kettle on while your beastly advert plays out. And, quite honestly, I don’t think I’m alone in this.
After receiving strange orders from superiors to keep away from HG World, McInnes and Grant turn their attention to the Happy Valley Militia, a quasi-military government reaching out from north-central Pennsylvania to control large sections of the state. As the public begins turning to these groups for help in the absence of a central government, rumors circulate of the mysterious “Generals” and their carnival-styled camps popping up in the western part of the state. Inside and under cover, Grant and McInnes find every kind of excess imaginable. Everything is for sale or trade. But what’s beneath the surface?
The Census of 1860 shows that Thomas M. Ray was clearly a wealthy man in his day. On the census form his occupation is listed as merchant. At that time owned $2000 in real estate, and held $10,400 in personal estate. If he had a comparable net worth in 2007, he would certainly have been a multimillionaire.
-Snazzier looking templates.
We will support pubs that have a viable future with a new fund for community ownership in 2010-11. Councils must take full account of the importance of pubs to the local community when assessing proposals that change their use, and we will make it more difficult to demolish pubs. Restrictive covenants applied by pub companies to property sales will be curbed and flexibility for pubs to provide related services promoted, making it easier to have live entertainment without a licence. A non-tie option should be available for pub tenants;
August:
Mara wasn’t usually sarcastic. She was a tell it like it is woman. Helene looked at Sadie and saw no quarter in Sadie’s hard stare. Helene felt like fighting.
It was time to tackle the linen closet. It had become a huge mess.
Today, we bought that super fancy, expensive extension/step ladder. You know the one – it’s like the Little Giant but cheaper. What’s really stupid about this story is that the ladder isn’t that expensive – it was just expensive enough that we’d rather spend the money on a new suit, or clothes for Matthew, or eating out.
What can I say about this beer? First, you got to love the can art which depicts FDR sitting by the fireplace chatting jovially with a holiday elf. The beer itself has this great ruby brown color and sturdy, sticky head to it, hitting most of the visually aesthetic points if you're in to that sort of thing. But my favorite attribute about this beer is that it tastes "wintery" in an obvious, yet undefinable way.
When daimons infiltrate the Covenants and attack students, the gods send furies--lesser gods determined to eradicate any threat to the Covenants and to the gods, and that includes the Apollyon... and Alex. And if that and hordes of aether-sucking monsters didn't blow bad enough, a mysterious threat seems willing to do anything to neutralize Seth, even if that means forcing Alex into servitude... or killing her.
it causes me so much pain, I can hardly contain it.
Submissions will be accepted until October 17th and voting runs from the 18th-25th. Chosen designs will be available for purchase at their online store and a portion of the proceeds will go towards UGA.
These are the cinemas, where "A Queen is Crowned" will be shown:
A Tissue Holder:
Diana Holland
The magical toxic storage tank flew onwards, seemingly invincible..... and then it stopped suddenly at the crest of the hill as if it had run into a magical wall of
I figured because the Slightly Sweet was so good the Sugar Free would suck, but it doesn't. It's better than the Slightly Sweet I think!
I am going to make a serious effort to "just do it" after work today. Fingers crossed for me!
It is perhaps worth noting that it took a ferocious war (the civil war) to create an American sense of nationhood too.
did you go to santacon this year? tell me about it in the comments!
Following are excerpts from a speech delivered by leading Sunni scholar Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Al-Jazeera TV on January 20, 2011.
If I do something, what’s the most terrible thing that could happen?
I cut the scalloped banner parts from craft cardstock and added a straight part from pink cardstock, sewing both of these layers together with my sewing machine.
to Show them how it's really done....
So, this weekend I am planning on relaxing and maybe even getting to shoot some photos.
of the North Central zone,
Please make sure you link straight to your entry and not just to your blog. We would also appreciate it if you could turn off 'Word Verification' on your blog. It just make's commenting so much easier for us, thanks :-)
Take I-74 East towards Cincinnati. Take the Cleves-Hamilton Exit #7. Turn Left at the end of the exit on OH-128. Go through Miamitown and drive about 1.5-2 miles to the complex on the right.
Lawyers then are an essential part of the legal profession and they cannot be dispensed with. They are of value to society but do not add value to society. We need them. Nevertheless there is a case that they, like all the rest of the law industry should be state owned. Clearly this has a significant number of downsides in terms of an even greater increase in bureaucracy and reduction in efficiency. Also the practicalities of doing it are not without problem. On the upside the benefit to society will be a reduction of legal costs, although lawyers as a group are likely to be less well remunerated. Gross industry fees are around £23 billion per annum which, to put it in perspective, is about the same size of the budget for all of Scotland. Slicing of the odd few billion should not be beyond the wit of man let alone sharp legal minds.
“What’s My Name?”
Clearly, Jennifer L. Oliver, Jessica O’Neal, and Kristy James don’t care about my insecurities or my sleep patterns. How else can you explain that the three of them tagged me with the Lucky 7 Meme? Of course, they don’t have a thing to worry about: their excerpts are great!
A German couple checked into my place last night, settling in for a two week stay for a work project. I picked them up at the train station and drove them home. They were very friendly. Buck greeted them with a wiggly tail and nary a growl. They surveyed the room and private bathroom, uttered some approving sounds, and closed the door.
As I reported a few days ago, I've had a cough and sore throat for a couple of weeks that has affected the taste of beer. Fortunately they seem to be going now, but last week I began to get vertigo, unrelated to drinking before you say anything, and I've been given a 28-day course of tablets. I read the leaflet, and I'm sure you can guess what it said: strongly advised not to mix with alcohol (probably the only bit most of us look out for). I could have thought, "That's not an absolute ban", and even the doctor said to cut down rather than cut out, but I want these to work, so that's it until 10 May.
The big acts - and it's the big acts that see their tickets being sold on for a 200% premium - are quite practised at turning a blind eye to things which benefit them. If only their fans were a bit less naive.
Robert G. Smith, Ph.D. (USA)
Last week, I met up with some PCVs in Nyamagabe and helped finish a world map mural. The Health 2 PCVs (the health group preceding mine) are closing service and returning home to America. Selfishly, I want them to stay, as many have become good friends and resources here. Yet, I know great things await them at home, be it Papa John’s pizza, acceptance into graduate school or even just reunions with family and friends. I was glad I got to say goodbye Rwandan style – over akabenz (pork) and some beers.
At the bicycle shop, dad's boss was an American, thus he learned his English firsthand. Day by day, my dad did not only earn a living, he also earned a teacher and a friend. The American would teach him the basics of his work and my dad would follow. Day by day, he learned to forget how lonely it was to leave his family in Lubao so thay could eat regular meals, choosing not to be a burden instead. My aunt Naty who was the youngest, once said that he once took her and uncle Pinong to the bycicle shop as a treat. He bought them bubblegums which were too big for their small mouths to chew, that they could not even open them to speak. And my dad would laugh at them, because he knew his siblings were overwhelmed not only with the taste of candies but of the stories that needed to be shared for the short time they were toegther.
However, I have found that the Lord of the Rings rules are the exception to the rule. I have the Fellowship rulebook and was marveled by it´s elengance. Then I bought the Two Towers set, many years after the first, and the very tiny rules tweaks made it more enjoyable.
I then found FeedBurner. If you don't know what FeedBurner is, google it and install it. Go ahead. Do it now. I'll wait. Enable people to read your blog through RSS and email notification. Make reading your blog as easy as possible.
“The UN Development Program estimates that 50 per cent to 80 per cent of the emissions cuts needed to keep climate change below 2C will need to be delivered at state, regional and city levels,” the co-chairs noted in their joint column for The Australian entitled ‘Think globally, act locally? States already are.’ “This is because regional governments often control regulation for many of the key areas for addressing climate change, such as power generation, the built environment, waste management, transport and land use planning.”
"Mommy!" Liberty shouted with sudden inspiration, "I want to watch Diego when I'm done with my lunch!"
...but that has a fireplace and wooden floorboards. Swings and roundabouts really.
lagt er en oed boek van de wörms half opgevreten
When I have pictures, I will post.
The three of us loaded our gear and set off in our canoe for the four mile trek to the campground. Our trip started off ominously just minutes after we had left the dock and winding in the deep mangrove forests, we barely grazed a hornets nest that was overhanging the river. Guiding our trail were sets of numbered plastic tubes that lined every twist and fork in the river. We started off at marker #1 and our campsite was at marker #154. Several times, the bush had grown to such a height where we couldn’t see the next marker and had to blindly guess the next turn. Our better pathfinding and judgement took hold and we made the right decision, leading us through every bend in the river.
The same gravitational forces weigh down South African politics, so when President Jacob Zuma and current finance minister Pravin Gordhan addressed parliament earlier this month, they epitomised global-elite failure to shift resources from destructive corporations to the people most adversely affected.
Is this true? If not, I’m off the hook.
May we give with selfish abandon so that we may receive the joys and blessings of our God.
Some of our Edison Club members join so that they have a great space to hold important meetings. Others need a space that allows them to focus on their tasks and not get distracted by the multitude of options in their home “office.”
I'm glad we actually ended up staying home though, because we made some great memories as a family and got a lot accomplished around the house.
either the wire goes on forever or
On the other hand, chemoheterotrophs get their energy by breaking down organic material to use as carbon and energy. The processes by which these bacteria collect their energy is astounding!
Your path may be clouded, uncertain your goal;
"I wish I were you!" writes Davey Swapple of Dillweed, Missouri
On Earth Day, we celebrated by planting and gardening and being outside all day. We try to celebrate and respect nature every day, but there’s always a good reason to be even more thoughtful about how we go about our days, while we walk on our planet.
One of the other items on my list is the French Wire Tiered Stand. I love the versatility of this. It can be used as a double or triple tiered stand, or each tier can be used upside down to elevate a platter or serving bowl. The Halloween candy display in this picture is pure eye candy. I like how they mixed the cupcakes, candy, and candied apples.
WITNESS: Oral.
I'm turning twenty in March.
It's called a "bookfair", but I think it's more accurately described as a "convention" or "conference". Yes, there's a main hall full of countless wonderful books, zines, fliers etc., but there's also art on exhibition, films showing, and a bunch of workshops and talks. I'm very happy to be part of one of those talks, a panel on radical education! From the site:
In response to what seemed like a lack of precise language, Ron Sider, an evangelical leader involved with development and social witness, and Heidi Unruh developed 6 criteria to describe faith-based organizations. They were up front in saying, that these criteria were based on tangible expressive ways that organizations incorporate religion and not by personal issues of motivation and belief, which are more difficult to observe.
"I must have left it in the store," he said. "Perhaps when I was looking at things?"
posted by Research-China.Org at
want to ask you a few questions for a case I’m working.”
And death shall come amain;
I told my son about it,he is 19.
X Photographs of the existing façade(s) and adjacent buildings;
4) Americans had no idea that the Roosevelt Administration was as controlled by mystic, Black Magick forces, as it was. Had they known the degree to which Roosevelt was controlled by Black Magick forces, he would have been forced out of office immediately.
Following WWII the population exploded as many came to the Shire looking for inexpensive building land. This lead to the arrival of several large blocks of multi-level apartment buildings around Cronulla and major Shire train stations. Today, the buildings remain however population growth has been restricted by residential development approval.
They sprang back to the van and sped off in the dark
marni x hm hat
We didn't write in the name "Dick Clark"
The credibility and moral authority of those at the helm of the NO side, especially the Christian clerics hinges on the outcome of the August 4th plebiscite. Unless they defy the pollsters and conventional wisdom and come out on top the leaders of the Catholic Church and several Protestant groupings risk unleashing a backlash of leadership credibility if their folk ignore their sermons and admonitions and vote for the Proposed Constitution.
Rosie: That’s what I said. I’ve created a blog that’s read by…what…?
Nikka whiskies have not been previously available in the US, but the word is that they are currently going through the regulatory process to export to the US. The TTB label approval website show that Nikka has recently had labels approved for both its Yoichi 15 year old and 12 year old Taketsuru Pure Malt. So, with any luck, we will have a chance to buy those soon.
Hope you found something of use here... more to come in the next few days. :)
Enter the next element of Angela’s story and the subject of this post, and I would ask you to bear with me but this is something which must be told.
I hurried into my heavy overcoat and drew on my slippers. All excited, but not thinking anything serious had occurred, I called in to my father and mother that “I was going up on deck to see the fun.” Father said he would put on his clothes and come right up and join me. It was bitterly cold.
That is how barley inherits the kingdom of barley.
In That immobility, Glow there is no Time. Because Time is in The Becoming in Variations of Vibrations. Different frequencies of Vibrations depict different time and spaces.
The explanation is a little-watched measure known as the “labor force participation rate.” That tracks the number of working-age Americans who are holding a job or looking for one. Between March and April, it dropped by 342,000. But because the official unemployment rate counts only those workers who are actively seeking work, that actually made the unemployment rate go down.
16. Long Island University Blackbirds
We need serious help.
To play with my life is not much of a game.
I am out of eggs.
Granted, I'm able to read Hebrew better than I can speak it and my Arabic accent offends my maternal grandma no end. I was once given an Arabic name by an imam who considered mine too western, while on another occasion I was told off by a rabbi who considered my multi-coloured nails problematic for the same reason. In my life, the cultural boundary-crossing is there.
Rostra Banners:
Originally, in the christian congregations, it was only the priest who could read, and the congregation stood in semi-darkness and listened. Later, after the Reformation in 1537, they built pulpit and benches in most of the stave churches so people could sit. The long sermon made this necessary and windows were made, so people could follow the Bible and hymn book. In recent times there has been effort to reconstruct the churches back to the original.
* Please enter the direct link to your project, not to your main blog address. It makes it hard to find the correct project for your entry.
Sing sweet lullabies wipe your teary eyes
2 ozs red food coloring
It was small but it was really nice. And when it was over we hunkered down and watched a new movie that James got. I fell asleep again as I was snuggled up next to Tim.
Too gay.
i follow the recipe pretty closely but i omit the mushrooms (choo choo doesn't like 'em) and the sundried tomatoes (neither of us like 'em) and i use half-chicken-stock-half-red-wine to marinate the meat so the wine flavor doesn't overpower it.
Ok, I'm inserting a warning here - MANY PICTURES TO FOLLOW, PROCEED AT YOUR OWN RISK.
If you would like to enter this giveaway please leave me a creative comment telling me your favourite Mulberry Muse Tea Time theme, with Marie Antoinette, Jane Austen or Woodland.
I really love these taklon fiber brushes. They are so easy to clean, they don't shed, and work perfectly with cream products. Those of you with sensitive skin will know that makeup brushes made from natural hair can sometimes scratch your face and feel quite itchy. Taklon fiber brushes would make a good alternative for those of us with sensitive skin or who prefer synthetic materials. Real Techniques brushes are well made and very affordable. My fave is the stippling brush. Its great for buffing foundation until it looks completely flawless, like a second skin.
I greet the morning sun,
If you have someone you love, celebrate each other. If you have someone you like, get to know each other. If you’re by yourself, it’s okay!
Warmth churns up inside
in flocks, hammering away
You gotta love all that DECO!
23) Arizona Cardinals (via DET): LB/DE Courtney Upshaw
Every fantasy novel has a hook, or some aspect that drives our imagination. On the surface, my hook is that the teens can manipulate the elements—earth, water, wind, and fire. But in deciding how they control the elements, and to what end, I thought very hard about the Outer Banks, and what it would be like to grow up in a tiny, remote colony, untouched by the rest of human kind. I realized that someone with the element of water would have less use for creating a tsunami than for reading the shifting tides, and the predicting the impact of storm swells. Those who grow up on small islands have a unique relationship with land and water, I believe, and this book gave me the chance to incorporate fantastical elements within a setting that is both striking, and yet recognizably real world.
Another biography, but with a clever twist - St Clair shows how the story of Shelley and Mary didn't begin with them, but with her parents, William Godwin and Mary Wollstonecraft. St Clair shows how the younger generation consciously took up the baton of the dead author of 'A Vindication of the Rights of Woman' (however, their relationship with the very living Godwin was a source of constant strife). The scholarly St Clair is not above having a little mischief at the expense of the youthful pair, but he also writes movingly about the failures and tragedies that dogged this supremely gifted family.
Then out of nowhere a job opportunity was presented to Matt. We sent in his resume and began the process. Just a little bit ago- Matt accepted the position and our family will be moving back to our "home town" in Minnesota!
a dash of sugar
Let us join together in song.
We grow up. We move on.
I see a Whale in the south-sea, drinking my soul away.
We are so excited to be doing this hop and we have a fabulous lineup with some very talented ladies. There will be lots of fun projects, along the way with some great blog candy and a great grand prize for this hop. Our wonderful hostess Ashley has a great line up of sponsors for this blog hop.Please stop by their sites and become followers of their blogs you will be so happy that you did. Joy's Life, My Cricut Craft Room, and Make It Crafty. Ashley has an amazing grand prize that I know each and everyone of you would love to have.
And then suddenly? We hit the mat. I started my watch and started running.
I hope it gives you a quiet place to rest for a few moments, too.
We added some fertilizer and plant food, because my garden needs all the help it can get. The kids had fun digging in the soil.
The sentiment is from Unity and I LOVE it, but it is kind of hard to read. It says "may flowers always line your path and sunshine light your day". ALL papers and the flower center are from CTMH. All 3 die sets.... the ovals, the flowers and the tags are Spellbinders and Sean is colored with Copics.
“You’re spying on Mosh.”
After all the flesh areas were based in and the paper clay vest and shoes were thoroughly dry, I applied 4 coats of Gesso before painting. I have learned from experience, Gesso first, and don't use a lot of water when you start to base in the clothing....you can actually melt details like buttons and buckles if you use too much water.
” Do you refrain from being completely honest so as not to appear rude?”
Now that we have moved to Oak Park, Louie has his own yard to run around in, and since I am in school & working full-time, I typically take my photos right as I am running out the door. But that does not stop Louie from getting his walks, nope. I take him at 5:30 am every morning for a 45 minute walk. The nice thing about living in Oak Park is that it is a tiny city in comparison to my old city of Royal Oak, I now get to walk Louie through three cities when I take him out, and Kyle and I take him out to the metro parks once in awhile.
(2) It is true, his figures are very strong, but no stronger than are used by the ancient prophets upon similar occasions.
Do we realize this process?
Most of you have probably already read this book and can also relate to Mick, a sensitive adolescent girl growing up in the deep South before World War II.
Overall, I'd recommend!
Okay, so here are my final numbers from Chest & Back:
I received a notification from a group I sometimes attend. A woman, who I didn’t really know, lost her son in a suicide bombing in Afghanistan.
make sense of it myself.
said at one time, “I don’t believe in miracles. I believe in my hard work.” So,
Three winners will be chosen at random this Friday at noon.
Yes, 85%. That is my answer, and I'm sticking to it. The Craft Room redo, that is. I worked on it all weekend except when I went out to lunch Friday and Saturday, had people over Sunday evening and discovered an old friend on Facebook that I had to chat with for hours. Hello Lil Suzie!
Kesta glances upward. His face turns pale white. What the sight of so much blood could not do, the sight of the desiccated corpses of Eliss’s family does. He stares down at Eliss, who cannot talk, though her breathing is stable again. Her eyes are open, but see nothing. Perhaps the pain is too much. Perhaps the anguish of watching her parents flayed before her has left her mad. The reasons don’t matter. Mesdan aches to try to help, but knows that any more use of his own mana could damage him further. He lies back helplessly, but doesn’t fume.
Today’s post is on my future and what I’d like to see my future like.
Once school starts, the Finns are more self-reliant. While some U.S. parents fuss over accompanying their children to and from school, and arrange every play date and outing, young Finns do much more on their own. At the Ymmersta School in a nearby Helsinki suburb, some first-grade students trudge to school through a stand of evergreens in near darkness. At lunch, they pick out their own meals, which all schools give free, and carry the trays to lunch tables. There is no Internet filter in the school library. They can walk in their socks during class, but at home even the very young are expected to lace up their own skates or put on their own skis.
Descending into the depths of Warren Glen, the slope seems steeper and the woodland denser than in Fairlight Glen. If those fossilised Iguanodon and Megalosaurus suddenly came back to life, it wouldn’t seem so very surprising. Downhill, each step jars my whole body; uphill, my chest burns and legs ache at the effort, despite frequent pauses for breath and to admire the delicate ferns and foxgloves. The path is waymarked – just as well, as the twisting, turning path is not easy to follow on the map – but Hastings seems to remain a constant 4½ miles distant.
1.) If you could choose one word to describe your book what would it be?
Last Saturday I had the wonderful privilege of meeting with some local members of the SCBWI - most of whom I had never met before! Our city is in a situation like a lot of towns where the regional meetings are usually quite a ways away, while another region is actually closer.
When racist, black, persistent felony offender Mychal Bell led a mob of seven-to-nine other racist black thug-athletes in suckerpunching white classmate Justin Barker unconscious from behind, and then attempting to stomp him to death, in the Jena, Louisiana, high school, Al Sharpton turned the attack into a joke, as part of the Jena Hoax. Sharpton gave a speech to thousands of black racist Jena Hoax marchers, in which he held up a sneaker, mocked the idea that it could be a deadly weapon, and the crowd roared with laughter.
Second half (part three) still needs a few 'bits'; I will write them on my computer at Cafe del Sol (I have spent many happy hours here working on something or other!), then go back to the condo and print the whole thing out. Determined to be done by 5pm. If I finished by 2:30, I could go to yoga at 3, but that seems a bit of a stretch (!)....
Nothing short of such an apology will be acceptable especially since it was the Prime Minister himself who has denied the Malaysian public to gather peacefully in Dataran Merdeka, which will have prevent any need for the unnecessary face-off with the police force. The decision by the BN Government is an unmitigated disaster, and Dato’ Seri Najib Razak who portrays himself as a reformist premier must take full responsibility for the Police fiasco.
"Windy City" Chicago Cubs & Chicago White Sox
In fact, at this point, it’s the only thing to do.
The recipe below is so easy to prepare within a short span of time. It uses mashed banana, butter, flour and toasted sesame seeds for added crunch to the cookies. You can also add chopped walnut, almond or peanut if you want. The sugar is much reduced since the natural sugar in the banana makes it sweet enough.
"Gaddafi was depressed and very worried. It was unusual to see him like that," said Daou, who was in charge of the deposed leader's security.
""...I'm making a new album, and the producer I'm working with told me that there is a whole generation of musicians coming up who can't play their instruments. Because of stuff like Pro Tools, they figure they can fix it all in the studio. Whereas with Frank, his musicians were pushed to the absolute brink of possibility on their instruments, at all times. Phish tried hard to do that too: to take our four little instruments and do as much as we could with them. I would not have envisioned those possibilities without him....
Certainly, as you do this long enough you will retain the indelible mark that teaching leaves on your soul and psyche and you will still UNDERSTAND, I believe even after you retire.
1.) Leviticus is an ancient Jewish cleanliness code, and does not apply to Christians. It only applies to observant, orthodox Jews. It also bans shellfish, football on Saturdays, sleeping with a woman who’s on her period, and mixing fabrics.
You mad, mad people.
*Admission date: December 28, 2010 *Discharge date: August 28, 2011
195Unequal task! a passion to resign,
Open White Background layer, Layers, Merge, Merge Visible
When ends life’s transient dream,
The judge granted TPR last month
‘No. You know that isn’t possible. We need the room. Come.’
I plan to brew a couple of session beers next. I think I'll replicate my last Porter recipe, first. I've tweaked my "Sherpa Porter" recipe over the years, and now it's just about perfect. The last batch was loved by one and all who tried it. Following-up with a Kölsch would be nice. Having a Kölsch right at the start of warm weather gets me thinking of Summer.
Clooney, by his own admission, wanted to completely go past pain and anger, and he did
If all the skies were sunshine,
Matthew stepped off his bike and into the sky. It splashed around his ankles, specks clinging to his woollen socks and rolled-up trousers.
When you ask people what’s the best commercial ever made, they all say 1984. No, I say… That was the most famous spot ever made. In fact it was written by my good mate Steve Haydon, and it made Ridley Scott enough money to hire David Putnam as a tea boy. But in my humble opinion… This DDB classic from the sixties, sums up what great communication in advertising is all about.
To commemorate this significant day for both our nations, Twigs of Yore and the Central Auckland Research Centre, Auckland Libraries are jointly hosting an ANZAC Day blogging event.
Eric Clapton, Mick Taylor, Harvey Mandel and Jerry McGee on guitars,
I'll be back to blogging soon...just trying to store up all my thoughts about life at the moment & ponder them in my heart for awhile. It's been a rough 2 weeks for me. Still trying to process everything. Hugs to you....I'll be back soon :)
If you haven't entered the giveaway to celebrate A's 1st Birthday, head on over and check it out! Only one comment required! Ends 05/31
I'll let these photos speak for themselves, from here on in (hardly an exhaustive selection, but some of the most memorable pieces, to my mind:
I really do want to get my blog/youtube channel/website up and running though so I figure I better start posting regularly (even if I am 3 glasses of wine deep). But back to my original post: internships are HARD!
And I just think that we don’t need a bigger, a newer program, when you think of the people — I mean, health care or something else deserves a lot more priority than going to the moon. So, I would be very reluctant, but space technology should be followed up to some degree for national defense purposes, but not just for the fun of it and, you know, for — you know, for scientific –
I'm sure the Muslim Brotherhood representatives got a huge chuckle out of that one in private. They're as likely to respect the rights of gays, Coptic Christians and women once they actually take power as the Taliban, Hamas or the Saudis.
This certainly isn’t your typical location for catching your breath and collecting your thoughts. But the opportunity has presented itself nonetheless and, let’s face it, I need it. Heck, I’d settle for a crowded waiting room in the office of a paediatrician right about now, if it meant a few minutes of spare time to think.
Faute de mieux, I've been acting as her manager. It's a steep learning curve; drafting press packs, designing album graphics, arranging photo shoots and mail shots, negotiating with labels. BA (Hons) courses in Town & Country Planning don't prepare one for this, and it's one reason I've been such a rotten blogger. Not to mention the horrific overheads which make being an independent musician more of a calling than a career.
And I marvel. Here you are, this baby (and no matter how much you LOOK like a toddler, you are, in truth, still a baby) making friends with and communicating with kids one and two and three years older than you. At those moments, you didn't need me. You didn't look back at me or look for me. You were confident and content in exploring and going off on your own and forging your own path to new little friendships, and I couldn't have been more proud of you. You want to be a big kid so badly.
Hope had known only kindness from the humans in her life. Granted, humans make idiotic mistakes; dogs were used to that. The species was basically blind and deaf with noses that did nothing but decorate their faces. The poor dears had lost nearly all ability to communicate truth because they relied on their clumsy spoken language. "Blah, blah, blah," they'd babble on, saying nothing at all. Dumb, dependent, sweet creatures. Hope adored her Emily.
Back in 2009, CBS television did something incredible to raise awareness about the dangers of human trafficking.
“It’s not just you; others have complained that exams are supposed to be silent. Apparently everyone wanted a White instructor for this class.” This was said with a great deal of resentment and rage.
N: "haahahahahahaha"
‘Oh God no!’
Civilizational/societal/economic collapse and its history. The history of movements that have gone in a counter cultural direction to the majority of their times. Jesus centred theology and practice. Deep Ecology; environmental practice that goes beyond recycling you beer bottles. Urban planning in a life firming way. Governance and interdependence on a local and sustainable level, and most importantly: Freedom. Freedom from tyranny, freedom from oppression, freedom from big business and big government, freedom to live as God intended, freedom from the idea that people can be the arbiters of how other people live. Freedom to allow the big story of the world to shape our individual hearts, freedom to live in harmony with our world and each other.
Here at the Operations Room, we like queues — not so much standing in them but talking about them. Indeed, about the only thing better than us talking about queues would be if queues became a political issue and people with impressive job titles were forced to talk about them.
Natural Bridge north of Roanoke, Virginia on I-81 offers a pleasant stroll along Cedar Creek to a natural arch. The spot where George Washington, father of our nation, carved his initials in the limestone wall can still be seen. I guess this also makes him the father of our graffitti "artists."
and placed in a bandanna!
PS: If you already have a personal BTWB account you can still sign up with CrossFit Assault as your gym. Apparently BTWB will then reimburse you, but ask Tammy about the details…she asked their customer support about that.
I have personally traded with Zollie (aka, ZMAN) on FLR and know him to be someone of great integrity, so when he told me about the NIS site, I knew it would be a place for me.
When asked to comment about the “gang of 10″ HSU secretaries trying to oust her, she said, “Good luck.
The two parks are right next to each other with tons of restaurants and shops and a movie theater in between, almost like a mall. We bought tickets that allowed us to come and go from both parks as we wanted. We were in an out of both all day long and enjoyed some lunch at Margaritaville. It was a crazy, long, very hot day with lots of people, but we had a blast!
The Hero: Love Story of a Spy (2003)
72. Pieced a quilt
Hello Everyone! I tried something new today. I made a card using the "book" feature on the Elegant Edges Cartridge. I think it turned out kind of cool, but since this type of card is harder to open I don't think I will be making a lot of them. You have to leave your binding material ( twine, ribbon etc) loose enough so you can open the card. I was going to use ribbon but the twine makes it much easier to open. So have a look and tell me what you think!
Principal Curtin decided to rename Ireland’s national day in an effort to be ‘inclusive and diverse’ and remove the religious factor.''
Thank you all so much for sharing.
As his dog Benjy slowly circumnavigated the room, snuffling and making friends with each member of the audience, Jeff held us spellbound with the various theories that exist already about the roots of human aggression and murderousness. Was it the invention of agriculture which was at fault (as Jared Diamond claims), the domestication of animals, or the growth of organised religion? Whatever it was, something went wrong with us around 10,000 years ago which has been plaguing humanity ever since.
Look out for this amazing new Pledis group: Hello Venus.
El-Badri : Before this technology can benefit Libya, it will have to train many specialists and it will require a great deal of technology transfer".
The decision of the umpires was later found to be in error, but I’m so happy that they got it wrong.
Tokyo 77 opened 30 years ago. After three years, they moved into there current location. Many regulars have been customers for so long that they still refer to the current location as "The new place", even after 27 years.
I am afraid of much more than I had ever previously thought.
Also, if you want to duplicate an item (like I wanted the rug to be double sized), just click “Clone”. No photo of that. Sorry. You can also rotate photos by clicking “Flip” or “Flop”. You can’t rotate them 45 degrees though, which is a bummer.
My number one rule: no beer in the stadium. It's too expensive and too difficult to keep track of. Instead, any beer I am going to drink will be while tailgating in the parking lot. Every time I finish a beer, the tab (in this case, since I bought cans, but you can do this with bottle caps too) goes directly into my pocket. Later, when I get home and need to track my points for the day, I can pull out the tabs and know exactly how many beers I had. No guesswork!
WOWZA! Almost half way! I can't even believe it. There was a pretty exciting landmark for their baby this week. It kicked my hand for the first time :D I seriously can't believe how strong it is already. I never felt my kids until well after 20 weeks. Part of me is scared for the months to come thinking about how badly my organs are going to get drummed on, but the other part of me is laughing b/c they are going to have their hands full when this crazy little bean comes out haha. It was joyous to feel that baby, but I did feel a sense of loss that we didn't live closer to them. I wished I could run over to their house and let them feel too. I don't know when we are going to get to see each other next and by then we may be 7 months already and feeling elbows and feet instead of little jabs and twitches. I just have to remember that in 4 short months they will be holding this little one and that really tops everything.
the sweater has
Worst job you ever had? What made you stay as long as you did?
He’ll want to know what you done with that money he gave you
Absolutely! I love writing for young adults. I have a book coming out next year, called “Between.” It’s a thriller/ mystery, and I’m SO excited about it! I also have a fourth book in the works that is scheduled for release in 2012.
That is all I'm asking from you
One of the things I've worked on is nooks for my foxes. Ashleigh already had one from before I started on their book, but Pov needed one since all the stuff he started collecting began spilling all over the place. Once he started getting artwork and books, I realized he needed a space to put them.
I didn't take any photos while I was there and I can't tell you everything she shared with me; that would be disrespectful to the confidence she showed me. But I can say that I was fortunate to meet this woman. She grew up in the lap of luxury, she married well, she was widowed, and through a tragic turn of events she lost everything.
My goal now is to get my life and health license so I could expand on what I could sell. Wish me luck with that!
Our World of Manchester interactive map looks beyond the Oxford Road corridor, and gives you a quick insight into what’s on offer within commuting distance of the city centre. It goes as far as High Peak (in Derbyshire) and Cheshire (no, they’re not too far – I’ve lived in both, so I know they’re easily commutable).
Thanks for checking out Suzi's blog.
Witness Bev Aho of Eden Prairie was at the Humphrey terminal when she and other travelers were evacuated by authorities around 5:15 a.m. as she was entering the airport for a flight.
Ugh, Neil LaBute, ugh. He’s often described as “edgy” or “controversial,” and as is often true with other artists described in those terms, that translates to “nasty” and “boring.” I didn’t intend to take on the American premiere of his latest, In a Forest, Dark and Deep, but I didn’t read my editor’s schedule closely enough and found myself reviewing it last Thursday. (I should add that I did my best to go in with an open mind and see this production for what it was, rather than what I expected it to be.) There’s no question that LaBute can write decent dialogue and quickly take an audience to new depths of discomfort, and that’s a talent. But to do so without once writing a convincing female character is hackish. And to claim that you want to explore issues of truth and intimacy in your play, but then making your play clearly take sides and pass moral judgments, is dishonest.
Leslie is one of my dearest and oldest friends. She is like the perkier, prettier version of me, but with all sorts of graphic designing talent. Plus she is always, always cheerfully helping other people. Really, if I used her as a character in one of my books, readers would think she was unrealistically charitable and they would leave snarky comments on Goodreads saying that people like Leslie don't exist in real life.
Getting back to Patrick Stewart, what can he do to improve his image? If I were his publicist, I would advise him to befriend an animal species and sing its praises. John Cleese got into everyone’s good books by making a documentary about lemurs, which drew attention away from his own turbulent private life. If the public associated Patrick with a charismatic creature, they might give him more leeway to sleep with women less than half his age.
That makes the Vita more graphically capable than the iPhone 4 or the iPad 2, despite its far more modest price point.
David Grimner, 51, Merrick, N.Y.
The ear drum amplifies the vibrations which come to it, and sends them on to the middle ear region. Here, there are three bones in an extremely sensitive equilibrium with each other. These three bones are known as the hammer, the anvil and the stirrup; their function is to amplify the vibrations that reach them from the ear drum.
Then there is Kanin (dreamy-sigh) who is perfect in every way possible. (You might have guessed that I am just a tad obsessed with him…just a tiny little bit) I think Kanin might have destroyed me for every other male literary character. He is charming, wise, strong, and fair. He is almost a mentor to Alison and their relationship is where a lot of the light-hearted moments come in to play, but also some of the heavier moments to.
And, you know, one isn’t enough
Alone you try to call her
Now my son still grieves but went on with his life being young at age and heart. He has helped with the raising of his son and with the household. He met a nice girl and everyone gets along together. Life does go on but it doesn't mean we have to forget the past. This is my way of saying Maria will never be forgotten and I hope someday I will see her again. I am sure of that. She died as she lived without complaining and with us at her side.
She thrusts old letters, snapshots at me eagerly,
Eric Brian Evans, 31, Weehawken, N.J.
Bottoms Up Brewing Co
The tag line for this commercial (something that’s vital for any movie) was “gripping stuff” but sadly it’s missed off the bottom of the YouTube video. Even so I hope you still enjoy the clip.
"But what does it mean? What does it mean?" we cried.
2) Towel to dry off. Nothing but your feet really get wet so no need for a full on bathing suit. On our summer adventure we wore bathing suits, shorts and t-shirts, while our fall adventure was a little more bundled, but once you get strapped in to the kayak, you’re nice and toasty warm.
“It’s a pretty color,” Tupper explained seriously.
2 tbsp. lemon juice
Back it: Cork are bound to be fired up for the televised game. If it can go right for them on the night they have the players to hold out Rovers. Cork +1 is 5/6 with Paddy Power. With Rovers poor run down there it is worth a bet.
"That's an ugly hippototamus," Tom said hypocritically.
A bloated bureaucrat sits behind the mahogany desk on an equally bloated Chesterfield leather chair. Leaning back he wears his arrogance like an old shoe. Inside he's concerned. News of this could ruin his fundraising efforts. He listens to her complaint, her regalement of torture and humiliation as she slides a hospital bill across his desk.
The second most common reason women fail at their weight loss efforts is because they try to do it all on their own. They don’t ask for help when they should.
have supported me, loved me, encouraged me and been my strength when I
The use of aloe vera for skin conditions has been proven to be a safe and effective means to provide pain relief from burns and expedite the healing process. While consuming aloe juice, or aloe latex, is promoted as an excellent way to cleanse the body from toxins and free the bowels from impacted fecal matter, both the University of Maryland and the Mayo Clinic strongly suggest that internal use of aloe should be avoided. The sister plants of aloe, which includes senna and cascara, are safer alternatives to system cleansing and constipation relief. Prior to ingesting any of these herbs, speak with your physician to ensure their safety.
You’ve had a number of roles in a variety of different TV series’ and film projects – which actor/actress has been your favorite to work with so far, and which project has been your favorite to be a part of?
But in the time that I’ve been so busy, I did miss something. An event that the typical blogger would have celebrated with a countdown, give-aways, guest bloggers, party hats and confetti (virtual, of course). My blog-iversary.
Their expansion plans have created a vacancy for an experienced IT Resourcer to join this successful team. You must have a minimum of 12 months recruitment resourcing experience, and IT experience is preferred but not essential. Your focus will be on candidate management, interviewing candidates, database management etc. This is a high performing environment and over achieving team!
Director- Radley Metzger
Acts 22:25
Internet browser
I believe the t'internet term for this is 'going dark'.
Hooray! I made it all three days without feeling hungry, and I feel fantastic. I had fun today picking out new recipes to cook the rest of this week. I'm excited about a deliciously simple Indian dish to share tomorrow.
"Holly Lynn Dodd is online," says my Skype, so I gotta go.
Second prize will receive an AR-15 Essential Parts Kit and Car Rescue Tool from Choate, a bundle of survival gear from OscarDelta & SnakeDr666, as well as at least $30 worth of survival books & gear from TEOTWAWKI Blog.
I've told you how much I hate mornings and how I don't do a very good job getting up and making my kids a hot breakfast during the week. But the weekends...ahhh, the weekends, are a different story. When I'm not awakened by my evil alarm clock, I'm a much more pleasant person. When I don't have to rush anyone off to school, I have time to cook breakfast and the kids have time to actually chew and taste it before gulping it down.
Later, you start to veer off the beaten path, and she grabs you by the arm. Why? Because the way to Agentopia isn't through valleys or over grassy knolls. You have to stay on track, or you'll never get there.
if only you stuck to your own life,
Because Greek doesn’t use quotation marks, we don’t know if this statement was made by John the Baptist, as the NIV has it, or by John the Apostle, as the Japanese has it. Either way, it is certainly a statement God caused to be included in the Bible, and it leaves no wiggle room. It is in perfect agreement with Jesus’ famous statement in John 14:6. “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.” If that weren’t true, it would be incredible conceit! Most Japanese, and now many Americans, consider all religions more or less equal, and say that they “go to the same place.” The Bible will have none of that! People who hold to a genuinely Biblical world view are called narrow, bigoted, and worse, but Jesus also said, “Enter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life, and only a few find it.” (Matthew 7:13-14) It’s not that God wants people to be destroyed, it’s that He’s holy, and cannot compromise with sin. I like how the Japanese says, in today’s verse, “Those who will not listen to and obey the Son will not see life.” Salvation is all about obedience, not just repeating a formula. If we are to receive the eternal life God has for us, we have to submit all of our lives to Him.
1/2 kg tomato
NATO forces spokesman Capt. Justin Brockhoff said there were no indications that any NATO bases were under attack.
- I'm really curious about Renoux now. "That may or may not be fatal to him." Hmm.
(Dumped in the sea or fixed in a desert, who would care
Have you been whipping up any jewelry displays? Any links to share to awesome jewelry projects completed or inspiration found? Any fun valentines day traditions that you are extra excited to participate in today? Or how about a new tradition you are hoping to start this year?
The beautiful thing about handing over, (and I do recommend reading this book and others of its nature, A Course in Miracles etc, because it’s not necessarily something to grasp from a single blog post) is that it helps me to relax. I along with many of us in this world am inclined to fight, to think I’m a better person or other shite like that, because I’m struuuggulling.
22And Kibzaim and Beth-horon with their grass-lands, four towns.
My subject today, my first one, was a little wary of my questioning at first, but once he understood the backgrounds of the project I had considerable difficulty getting him not to smile (which is one of the requirements of the project). It was a pity that he was in such a rush, we had little time to talk afterwards.
Michael Sheen is kind of awesome. Going directly from Frost/Nixon to the incredibly inessential Underworld: Rise of the Lycans is quite the jump, even if they were filmed in reverse order. Does he have a really big mortgage? Need an excuse to go to the gym? Get really bored playing Tony Blair? (Three times and counting.) Or maybe he just has a great sense of humor?
The number of players have been increasing so nicely...Thank you everyone for taking part, we love seeing your style and your take our Monthly Sketches.
Kitchen 1/2 check.
Cainan Wiebe ... Mike Jean Jensen
Coleman coffee is available all over the place - Leila's, the e5Bakehouse, &c., &c..
One that may well cost me some readers, but there it is. I don't think Avatar deserved to be nominated for the Best Drama Globe, let alone win it. Don't you hiss at me!
17.Friends (Page/Plant)
Series: Percy Jackson & the Olympians
Ipsos-Mori states: “one thing that is pretty certain is that AV won’t always help Labour, or always help the Tories, under all circumstances. But it will probably always help the Lib Dems”.
I (Natalia Kuna) am what you would call a ‘sensitive’ or ‘empath’, with a natural ability to pick up on the energy of people, places or situations. My predominant psychic gift is that of ‘clairsentience’, meaning that I ‘feel’ and receive information or energy through physical sensations. I also at times connect psychically through hearing specific words, sentences or sounds (clairaudience), seeing visual images with my mind’s eye (clairvoyance), or through having a sense of ‘knowing’ about something claircognizance).
for more information e mail : info@kashmirforyou.com
- If you blog about my giveaway you will get 1 extra entry.
Since I’m only running 6 miles at a time, I’ll only be making half the points that most of the other runners are building up.
a few little opals are to be attached, there are now over 110.
3. All the questions re UHI, changes in land use local topographic effects etc are simply sidestepped.
Second, Zip and Elizabeth (a local woman who runs a seed business and volunteers with TYSA) got the teams into a classroom and led them in a story writing exercise. As a witness, I could tell the hardest part was getting the girls to choose their own story to write about. Elizabeth used four examples in her explanation (Red Cross, TYSA, “talk about an accident,” or talk about poverty). Afterwards I read the stories and over half were about one of these four topics. While it may be true teens are particularly susceptible to adult suggestions, I think this reflects a more general problem in education – that young people learn to look for the implicit “right” answer hiding within a question asked. So even with a completely open ended question such as “talk about something happening in your community,” only a minority of storytellers answer with a story about something that matters to them personally. Most try to respond with “appropriate” answers that will be deemed by powerful outside authorities worthy to unlock opportunities for them and their communities. But for the minority that do have their own voice, storytelling can be very revealing about the community. The funny thing is that slightly younger kids don’t do this, and their stories are honest without regard to audience.
That’s because writing is a complex activity, just as complex as hitting a fastball coming over the plate at a hundred miles an hour or performing a Beethoven sonata. One of the keys to deliberate practice is to break a complex skill down into component parts and practice each part separately. Athletes and musicians do this all the time; writers can learn this way, too.
I do not want this moment to end.
Dear Shankar,
- Canvas lining
There is not even solitude in the mountains
After a while, due to the huge amount of high-school work I had closed the distro and started singing (well, growling, actually) or playing the guitar in local bands (with whom I’ve only recorded a bunch of demos). At some Cannibal Corpse gig, I got to know Nico of what would later become Bones Brigade records. It was just about buying him a Demise (US) tape and then ordering him a Benediction t-shirt at the time, but it would change my life a bunch of years later!
To prepare icing, combine powdered sugar and the remaining ingredients (except lemon rind strips) in a large bowl; stir with a whisk until smooth. Place 1 cake layer on a plate; spread half of icing on top of cake. Top with remaining cake layer. Spread remaining half of icing over top of cake. Garnish with lemon rind strips, if desired. Store cake loosely covered in the refrigerator.
The box set was purchased by myself and I received no incentive to write about this. This post is just driven by intense joy and emotion to have been part of the creative process of this initiative.http://bit.ly/hopenlifehttp://bit.ly/hopenlife
Alot of you belive in “Karma” and there is Nothing wrong within this thought, however, with the thought of Karma…..contains MANY CONSTRAINTS and TIES. Meaning you ones are harsh on self, which keeps you LOOPING in a redundant cycle of on-going karmatic redundancy. This is why we say to you DROP your pasts and LIVE IN THE NOW! For you ones CAN NOT un-due what has been of done, it is simply that OF DONE! BUT you can however CARRY with you the lesson of those times and continue to move forward upon your life journey in acceptance these things happened and are coming to a close even in the NOW times. IF you do not do this you will bind yourself within the shackles of redundant patterns that cause cycles to be ever looping in re-peat fashion. To ERR is human, however to Err again maybe redundant in repeat fashion, which takes away your time and your energy to REPEAT that cycle again. To recognize that ALL things happen for a reason, accept that reason or lesson and say or hold that you have “learned or grown” from that reason or lesson and continue in your FORWARD growth is the FREEDOM you ALL search for, but often times feel you do not deserve of such! You see Chelas FORGIVNESS is a MASTERY as well, which EACH and EVERY one of you HOLD THAT KEY as well.
The men are so undesirable as to be chilling. Hannah’s perpetually disappointing fuck-buddy Adam (Adam Driver), an “actor,” hangs out in his apartment with no shirt on — clearly imagining that he’s far more all-that than he is. Hannah’s awful sex scenes with him will make you grip the arms on your chair.
Very little changes in life, I find.
The bottom line for me is, vegan parents don’t always equal vegan children. Look around at all your vegan friends. How many of them had vegan parents? How many of them had uneducated, McDonalds guzzling, “eat the rest of your bologna and mayonnaise sandwich” parents? We aren’t cookie cutters, despite what many (hopeful) people believe. Even if we could create exact duplicates of ourselves, would we really want that?
HERE:
In this story a mermaid is lured to the circus but misses the sea. Her escape is thwarted until an acrobat teaches her to walk on her hands. Tricky! I don’t think many infant classes contain two children who can do this.
I am reminded why I don't blog too often, I ramble....
Try it on for size............
The dreaded Brooklin Cold turned out to be a real horror. Two weeks in, I had stopped sneezing and snorting but had a totally blocked ear and felt like hell. A month in, I'm finally feeling like myself, have almost stopped coughing and my blocked ear is crackling, which seems like a good sign.
The lighting in the after described room seems to come from everywhere at once; there is no light source - no torch, no lantern, no focus. Both Andrej and Lukas can guess that the illumination derives from a continual light spell.
The problems with high prices at the pump go beyond just giving us a collective pain in the ass--where we carry our wallets. When gas prices go up, we tend to drive less and only to necessary places like work. That means stay-at-home vacations which means hotels and motels lose business. So do the roadside restaurants who are used to collecting money from traveling tourists. The souvenir hawkers and tour guides lose money. And so do the gas stations at the tourist destinations.
2. Be original. The point of wordplay is to be creative, and clichés are short on imagination. You won’t get your desired result from a “clever” headline if five other papers wrote the same thing that day.
I’d say The Lying Game.
Thanks for your support!! See you there !
Before I went down to Mexico Zane had asked me if there was anything specific I had wanted to do while I was visiting. I have heard stories of how crazy fans, especially in Central and South America, get about soccer, so I wanted to see it for myself and go to a soccer game. So on Saturday after we spend the day in Tlaquepaque we headed over to Estadio Jalisco to watch a Chivas game, one of Guadalajara's three first division soccer teams.
Luke 1:21-25
Hid deep in rushes, where at random play
Moreover it is sold with fifteen megabytes of colon memory as well as people may be qualified to further improve the for you to to as much as 8 gigabytes with extra memory storage, via a expandable memory card place.Clients is going to be qualified to discuss data that will like-minded develop by way of any Bluetooth connectivity together with USB on-line connectivity.Consumers within the Samsung S3030 Tobi will be able to design, distribute plus are given simple text messages and additionally multimedia messages by means of seems not to mention photos.
Saturday was fine, nothing terribly exciting happened. I felt like my throat was a bit more soar but again, no big deal. I was blaming the scratchy feeling I had on allergies or something.
Other shorts suffer, like the Salles/Thomas piece, for presenting some painfully unsubtle sociopolitical content. Gurinder Chadha's Quais de Seine is little more than a pat message about tolerance in which a young boy breaks away from his friends — who are shouting crude come-ons to passing women — to help a young Muslim girl who's stumbled in the street. Everyone else just laughs, and his friends later make nasty and stereotypical remarks about Muslims, but he is kind to her and earns the beautiful girl's friendship. A very touching lesson, for sure, but the seams are so obvious it might as well be an after-school special. Meanwhile, Christopher Doyle's baffling Porte de Choisy seems to have a similar policy of ethnic tolerance at its core — this time suggesting that Asians should avoid Westernizing their appearances and embrace their own cultural ideals of beauty — but it's hard to tell because the film is just so daft and wacky. The colorful, lively style that cinematographer Doyle has always brought to the films of Wong Kar Wai is apparent here, but the bargain-basement surrealism is far removed from Wong's much more assured aesthetics. Doyle engages directly with Western stereotypes about Asia by splattering the screen with kung-fu moves, eerily grinning beauty pageant contestants, Buddhist monks, busty girls in military uniforms, and Hawaiian hula dancers. It's hard to know what to make of this garish, confounding stew of clichés and avant-garde disjunctions, but it certainly stands out from the rest of the film, for good or ill.
I went from this feeling of nostalgia and connection to a session where I was clearly not among the initiated. The novelist Maureen Freely chaired a talk by the Polish novelist, playwright and newspaper columnist Pawel Huelle. The talk was titled, "Meet the Cult Author," and although most of the people in the audience were clearly Huelle cultists, I knew nothing about him or his work. He spoke in Polish and I was surprised at how many in the audience laughed at his jokes and nodded along with his assertions long before the translator could explain his comments. The 1984 novel that launched his career is Who Was David Weiser?, a book that dared to make a Jewish boy the hero and which dared to confront the large chunk of Polish history which had remained erased for so long. Freely read from this and another one of his Huelle's works, Mercedes, and urged the author to describe his motives and processes. I may not have known his work, but I certainly recognized his voice. Huelle's talk rambled from anecdote to anecdote, drawing from his life's stories to inform his fiction. Having just listened to stories of Isaac Beshevis Singer and Bruno Schulz, Huelle's own storytelling felt like a torch was being passed from one generation to the next. For all its modernity, the voice and the themes are the same. And perhaps, more than anything else, that sums up for me the beauty of Jewish culture. Continuity despite change. Humour despite tragedy. Courage despite fear.
* Tom Woodruff, Jr. as Wolfman
before you were gone
Although campaigners claim that hundreds of young girls are already being passed around men within the Asian community for sex, she said that attempts to raise the problem with community leaders had met with little success, with most of them being in a state of denial about it.
After some cake, it was time to open gifts. Rosie was VERY blessed... so blessed, in fact, that Mommy & Daddy might have to rent a storage unit to store all of her Christmas and birthday loot! ;) She got several toys... a dollhouse, stuffed animals, singing teapot, and a talking purse, and a new CAR (see below!) just to name a few. She also got several very cute outfits for this spring... and a bikini!!! Daddy's not too sure about that one, but I am SO excited for her to wear it :) She loved opening the gifts and playing with the paper... and she had lots of helpers, too! :)
A friend of mine sold several novels to numerous small presses. All well and good. However, most of these titles have not seen distribution through any major outlet, and therefore his ratings are slim. These ratings don't relate to the quality of his work, but rather how well he sells, how much of a brand his name may be or stand a chance of becoming. It's difficult to sell well if one doesn't promote one's work, or if that work isn't on display somewhere for the casual or not-so-casual shopper.
goes a long way!
Yeah. This $16 million epic disaster actually made back just over $8 million worldwide. WORLDWIDE. Alien came out the same year and was made for $11 million and ended up making over 13 TIMES MORE than Meteor. How can two science fiction films from major studios with wall-to-wall special effects have such disparate differences in their receipts?
She have to go the park where do filming. Oh, no she was caught up in many accidents!
Contact with this energy results in the exercise of a kind of balance in the chaos of existence. A saint does not dissolve the chaos; if he did the world would have changed long ago.
A little bit now about Colin's history, (but more will follow tonight with dates of his next exhibition).
A cunt, people. That’s NOT okay.
All due respect to the CDC, if you really want to survive the impending Zombie Apocalypse, I suggest supplementing the CDC's list with a weekend at home with a stack of zombie flicks and a fresh notebook. My personal favorites:
3) The minds of the other people there went into red alert mode (as it always does whenever goblins are brought up) and they were unable to focus on the discussion that Fjordman had intended. The room becomes a pandemonium of heated arguments about how many problems that are due to goblins, while others claim that goblins do not exist (at least not as a group, at least not if you say something negative about them as a group). Next someone calls out that there are actually goblins present in the room, and the goblin says that this is a goblin room, and someone else says that we should always stand by World of Warcraft, etc. No one manages to focus on Fjordman's article, or on America, France or the Enlightenment.
“Sixth, I will perform a special duty at the consecration-meeting if obliged to be absent” (Clark, Christian Endeavor, supra, pp 244-245).
Parenting (Mommy and Daddy bloggers are welcome)
4. Jesus is our Sustainer.
In the last one week alone, SMRT suffered at least three MAJOR disruptions lasting more than 30 minutes along ALL its lines with the 2 hour suspension in train service on the Circle Line yesterday morning affecting more than 18,000 commuters.
A youth needs you to help them achieve the small steps along the path to reaching their goals. This is especially true of the unschooled youth. It's still up to you to help your youth find opportunities and also for you to do some hand-holding. This might mean doing things that we might see as easy but for the youth, quite daunting. For example it might mean making that appointment they're a feeling too nervous to do on their own. It might mean taking them somewhere where they need to go. It might mean helping them raise funds for a project they are working on.
An Islamic shaped crescent, soaring in the sky above the symbolic lives of the 40 heroes, which literally dangle down below. In Islam, there is only heaven and hell. Symbolic damnation?
We do not know for certain what causes most babies to settle in the head-down position after months of floating and turning in the womb: it seems to be a programmed reflex action on the part of the embryo. Although at 30 weeks about one fifth of all babies are still in breech position, most of them turn spontaneously before birth. Why do some babies (about four per cent) persist in the awkward breech position until the very end? We do not know the complete answer; in most cases there is no obvious reason.
A semi busy day around the Small-Hold although the reality is I really didn't get anything useful done. It was the typical bi-weekly grocery trip which always seems to take hours and then there was a regional gun show that I just had to attend.
Junior Murvin - Lets Fall In Love
The game is being developed by Giant Sparrow exclusively for the PlayStation 3 and will be available for download on the PlayStation Network sometime in 2012.
- Thrifted lovies from the market
Sending tears from your lofty heights
The orange looked very pretty in the sunny city. You can even have a Mexican Food in Siem Reap! I didn’t have a chance to try this restaurant though. They have a great happy hour I would’ve tried if I were not pregnant. Especially coming from Jakarta, the alcoholic beverages in Cambodia felt super cheap.
My Life Would Suck Without You
If I don’t have you, then I can’t ma girl
Sator beans as you like
I discovered a very important fact that energetic night. There is no valve under the sink. Or anywhere else, for that matter. I also found out that a 1-inch pipe can spout out quite a bit of water in a minute’s time. Enough to creep in peaceful ripples towards my bedroom carpet without even a second thought.
One of Keri's friends still, after four years, had the wrong phone number programmed into his/her phone. Part of me thought about texting them back and explaining that they'd gotten it wrong. But, then again, if this person is such good friends with Keri, they'd sort it out.
Monday... Gordes and Roussillon... picturesque hilltop villages made famous by Peter Mayle in his very entertaining books...
After an eight-year wait, Jaoui and Bacri have just adopted a Brazilian brother and sister, age seven and five. When the baby-sitter stops by the café where we’re talking with her new son, Jaoui cuddles him and speaks to him in Portuguese. She learned the language to be able to communicate with her adopted children, and spent three months with them in Rio de Janeiro before bringing them back to Paris.
I'd like to leave you with a final message on our quest for happiness and contentment and that is you have to realise that nothing and noone can make you happy and content. Back during Step 22 - Enjoy the moment, I had a comment from
Joel O'Keeffe - lead vocals, lead guitar
On Jan. 26, 1902, the Brooklyn Eagle ran a story about the “prosperity” of a new brand of beggar that was immigrating to New York from Europe. It was not the paper’s most compassionate article, and smacked of the nativism that sometimes infects our national politics. Below is an excerpt from the story and at left is an image that ran with it.
As 2011 draws to a close, and I continue to chomp my way through the amazing food in Hong Kong - I thought it time for a little "Blog Sorbet", a virtual palate cleanser if you will - before I dive into recaps of all the great eats this holiday.
TOP TIP!! – When scoring with Pearlescent Cardstock, always ensure you score on the top, pearlised side. This way, when you come to fold your card, you won’t find that it suffers cracking.
Today we are looking at Acts 22:16. The apostle Paul is reviewing the events of his conversion in Damascus. Ananias came to him and uttered these words.
This coming May 12th will be a big day at St. Francis Convent! We will be celebrating the Diamond Jubiliee, that is, 60 years of religious profession, of our Sister M. Wencesla. You can read more in an article in the Alton Telegraph. Thank you Lord for the gift of her life and her service to the Church! She is an inspiring example to each of us of prayer, joy and fidelity. Please pray for her.
and Gingrich is a total asshole
Not long ago, eldest daughter came to me with two Barbie coloring books. Unfortunately, she can read. I say unfortunately, because it makes it awkward for me to lie to her when she can read things for herself. I'm just saying, it was easier to say the bakery was closed before she could read that the sign says OPEN.
My daughter was playing with her new clubhouse long before my husband had it finished. In hindsight, we probably should have set it up while she was taking a nap to make it easier on us, but we didn't think about that. She kept running in and out of the house through the doors saying, "door, door, door..." just as happy as can be. My husband says that the house was super easy to set up. Honestly, I think just working around Maggie's excitement was the hardest part! She had a blast using her own tools (coincidently, from Step2 also--see my review of the Step2 Home Depot Big Builders Workshop) to "help" Daddy while he worked.
Most people, including the vast majority of the of the US Population, are blissfully unaware that dozens of court cases continue to be brought, demanding that Obama produce evidence supporting his eligibility to be America's president, that the president continues to hire high powered lawyers to fight these demands, and that the US Courts, right up to the Supreme court continue to suppress these demands and prevent these questions from being asked.
He paid the price to eradicate all of that horrible, disgusting guilt from your eternal soul.
EOH Many wonder because of the long time gap before release, were there any new charges?
Today, after church, I am going to my friend's house who has been begging me to teach her to sew for weeks now. (I love to sew but I resisted because when the heck do I have time?!) But with the holiday weekend, I have time. She is an amateur designer, ala "Project Runway" and she has a great name for a designer: Cher. She wants to learn pattern making and construction, so she can turn her designs into wearable garments. That is kind of my specialty, since that is exactly what I have done for the last 8 years for my son's professional children's musical theatre. If we make anything great, I'll take photos, ok? :)
Unlocked gate. How much do you want to bet that unwanted visitors only think there is a gate there in case a horse gets loose and open the gate in and walk in anyway??
During the month of October, Louise has organized a Cookbook Party and I was glad to participate in the party. Did you know that October is a month full of delicious celebration? Well, to add icing to the deliciousness, Louise has some prizes in store! I was one of the winners and received these wonderful cookbooks from Louise! Thank you, Louise! Do stop by and visit Louise over at her blog Months of Edible Celebrations, you will find lots of interesting information on "months of celebrations". EVERYONE knows that February is all about Valentine, but did you know that February is also the month for "Potato Lover's Month, Chocolate Month", and lots more! Do check this out over at Louise's!
Full HD and 60 FPS
This week: rock as it was meant to be rolled.
Gudrun Gut went onto the band Matador and continues to run the record labels Monika Enterprise and Moabit Musik while co-hosting a weekly radio show Ocean Club in Berlin and releasing a number of albums, both solo and in collaboration with Myra Davies.
I awoke to find that a man who I had always admired had passed away at 62 years (may 8th) Who was Lionel Edward Rose MBE ( 1948 -2011 ) He grew up in Victoria at Jackson’s Track and I grew up listening to the fights, he was a boxer like my uncle! He was the first Aboriginal to win a world title and he did this in 1968 beating Japans Fighting Harada in Tokyo! Mr. Rose was King of Moomba in 1973 and Australian of the year in 1968. I loved him, we all did. I am saddened by this news today!
We are like a ship, sailing the ocean. Our breath is like the tide, flowing in and out. Sometimes it is unsteady, other times it moves hastily in and out in short quick bursts. Then there is the long, deep steady breath, like a full moon tide – nourishing, balancing & replenishing. To me, there is nothing quite as beautiful as the ocean in the early morning after a full moon.
I emailed Lagunitas:
Dental appointment for myself
It was a difficult season, but one that taught us a great deal. Because of that experience, we committed to control our growth and to maintain a position of being debt-free. In an industry that has seen its share of consolidations and private companies being sold to larger public companies, our family business gives us a position of continuity and strength. It allows us to focus on our long-term goals of achieving our mission statement rather than reacting to external pressures of attaining quarterly results. Bigger does not always mean better.
So please, go forth and spread the word! :)
A group of vigilante cops led by Ouessem (Jean-Pierre Martins) and Jimenez (Aurelien Recoing) determined to exact revenge for the murder of one of their own stage a late night raid on a dilapidated tower block where the gangsters are hiding out. The cops are a fractured group due to a past affair between Aurore (Claude Perron) and the slain colleague. Moments before they are about to blow the door to the hideout the cops are sprung and taken hostage by the gang. Jimenez is shot and bleeding to death; questioned by the gang leader Ade (Eriq Ebouaney) and his unstable younger brother Bola (Doudou Masta), Jimenez is shot dead. Before they execute the rest of the cops, a zombie apocalypse breaks out. Escaping to the rooftop after some extremely bloody action, both groups decide to join forces to make their escape and ensure survival.
After a long pause, the door opened. A small woman in her 80?s stood before me. She was wearing a print dress and a pillbox hat with a veil pinned on it, like somebody out of a 1940s movie. By her side was a small nylon suitcase. The apartment looked as if no one had lived in it for years. All the furniture was covered with sheets. There were no clocks on the walls, no knick-knacks or utensils on the counters. In the corner was a cardboard box filled with photos and glassware.
140. Trips out on Michael’s days off to lose myself in nature.
During the short conversation I had with Carl in the parking lot the day he made the big decision to shutter Sunrise, he described his frustrations with staffing. In the colorful way only Carl can. Anyone who's come in contact with him knows, what you see (and hear) is what you get. He may sugarcoat his pastries, but never his words that's for sure. That may have alienated a customer here and there, but to his credit you always knew where you stood with Carl. Cross him and you'll feel the wrath of his words. Passive aggressive would never be used to describe him. But he always seemed to have time for his customers. Most mornings as I gazed over to his window, I could see him standing at a table of his regular customers, telling stories a mile a minute. That's the Carl many of his patrons will miss.
I never believed in anxiety attacks when I was younger. I grew up with the impression that most psychological problems were just melodramatic self absorption. This was easy to believe. Easier than facing the possibility that life’s experiences could damage our minds, our hearts, our souls.
Alvarado grew up in north London and after completing an Illustration BA was taken on by the Phoenix Cinema, in East Finchley, to complete a handful of curatorial projects.
Join me next time for Troughton's final story, and a true epic, The War Games.
Pack hunting
My Lily is in constant motion, swinging her feet, bouncing. Skin Jumpy we call it here and I have it. Lily has it. Rosie has it. Bobby has it. My husband sits here rubbing his feet together, back and forth, as I write this. He has it, too.
stop making excuses and believe that God can bring America back to Himself
Works Cited
His speech is limited now to a word or two at a time before requiring another breath. He often has to try to say a word three or four times before it comes out at all. His clarity is really getting tough. And fitting Tim’s personality, he is choosing to retreat into silence. Of course, that makes any planning together very difficult.
mound of burrata cheese
Rodolfo Chavez (Italy), La Gracia de ser tu amigo
Though I am always busy in my work, I’m also always at my leisure to work when I wish. Battling evil isn’t a job one is hired to do, after all. One just stumbles into it one day and before you know it you’re an old man carrying a cane. A cane riddled with notches tallying your victories. Either that or you die a horrible, excruciating death where your only prayer is that it will be quick. You can probably guess whether that prayer is ever answered.
You are forever in my heart....
Two guys (with just a few teeth between them) asked me about the car, commiserated about its demise, and offered advice for the future all while the girls played happily in the dirt digging up lost nuts and bolts.
But look what they did with it! Welcome, Leda and Bonnie. Part 1 of 3.
They swept aside an SNP-Lib Dem coalition in Renfrewshire and also came out on top in West Dunbartonshire, seizing control from the minority SNP administration.
Snow white floral embossed cs (Hanko Designs);
32. Spider-Man On Halloween Night - Spider-Man & Friends
For every bottle sold, the actress will donate $1 to the Eva Longoria Foundation, which was created to help the Latina community build better futures for themselves and their families through education and entrepreneurship. Hey, since we’re half Puerto Rican, that’s cool.
over $150,000.) Only pennies from the actual donations goes to the UNICEF
‘At WestBow Press, A Division of Thomas Nelson, we help authors self-publish books of all genres, specializing in books with Christian morals, inspirational themes and family values. Whether you have goals of commercial success or simply desire to publish a book for friends and family, WestBow Press can help you create your book in your vision. WestBow Press titles will be regularly reviewed by the parent company. For authors who hope to one day be signed by a traditional publisher, this is an opportunity to get your foot in the door. While there is no guarantee of the number of titles to be signed each year, Thomas Nelson will monitor the WestBow Press catalog for talented authors that rise to the top.’
But this going to the tomb is only the second day. Criterion 2 says that Jesus was in the tomb for three days and three nights. Could they have discovered that Jesus was still there? Is Friday the first day of the week? Based on these, Jesus could not had been crucified on a Wednesday.
"I expect he just goes round his mam's for a nut cutlet," she muttered.
The paper is called “Vintage Christmas” by The Paper Studio. I bought this at Hobby Lobby last year, so who knows if they’ll have it again?
You don’t play……..you don’t get paid..
Where so many of the comics that populate the mainstream focus largely upon the mythically "deserving" individual's ability to escape from poverty, if poverty is touched upon at all, Scalped appears designed to ensure that its readers remain unseduced by any such evidence-denying, heart-hardening nonsense.
Eventually, blacks will figure out that the real threat to young men like Trayvon Martin was not a white Hispanic named George Zimmerman. It was a white supremacist named Margaret Sanger.
Many world travel guides offer all the info you could possibly need during your vacation in Italy. Flights to the accounting jobs in italy with its scrumptious cuisine, piazzas, monuments, churches, museums and landmarks. Unique museums featuring cars, entertainment, science and technology, and archeology are scattered throughout the accounting jobs in italy a pre-paid Italy SIM card allows you to SIM unlock your cell phone, you will need accommodation in all the accounting jobs in italy an obvious choice for anyone planning a vacation in Italy. Therefore, your home service provider charges your incoming calls which you will visit the accounting jobs in italy of Nex Tignet, which looks like it came from a fairy tale!
50. AUTOMATIC KAFKA
First place the cookies in a food processor. Place the processor on the first setting until the cookies are a fine crumb consistency. Then add the cream cheese and mix in the food processor until it is fully incorporated. This part taxes my food processor a bit so sometimes I take the dough out halfway through and continue to mix it by
Gone are the spring-loaded mouse traps that snap viciously. This is as much for the fact they seem inhumane (insofar as inhumanity applies to dealing with mice) as it was for the fact they were manifestly inefficient. They just didn't catch anything, save for the odd human finger which wandered waywardly on to the mechanism.
The recipe for Panforte is one of those controversial ones. The reason being that the Tuscan confectioners from Siena would rather set they hair on fire than share their century-old knowledge.
Bingo. If The New York Slimes says it, it clearly must be true.
From January 2011
The Grand Intellectual Face of France, BHL, he of the big tan, big hair, big inheritance and big reputation that, like US Presidents’, allows for getting by with an acronym handle alone, said recently about Front National, France’s last and only hope before the curtain descends: “The political combat against FN has to harden. It’s a struggle unto death. I repeat, death.”
And do be careful, as your occasional vulnerability makes you unbelievably sexy, but can also open up doors for people to take advantage of your kind nature.
The Sensorites have long, bulbous heads, flat faces, and large black eyes. The white/grey hair around their mouths usually extends up to the ear, and is swept upwards. Because of the lack of nighttime and darkness on the Sense Sphere, the Sensorites fear the dark as they are unable to see in anything darker than dim light. They are also very sensitive to noises, and telepathic. They are able to control and telepathically interfere with the mental status of other humans (and perhaps other humanoids in general). The Sensorites varied very little between each other in appearance, sometimes experiencing difficulty recognizing those of their own race.
12midnight
