Over the days that followed, my head swirled with the conversations from that night. I revisited the uber-blogger’s blogs, so wanting to emulate their strengths: her humour; her coolness; her knack to say it like it is; and her ability to make us cry with words that move.
As always, I'll be posting the story in a blog-friendly multipart format. And now, the first installment of
I have gotten so behind on accepting a few awards that I have received and I definitely don't want you ladies to think I am Ungrateful! I am forever grateful for your continued support of my Little slice of blogger heaven!!!
Yesterday, one of her assignments involved a page covered with bubbles, each of which contained a number. She was to color numbers 1-25 red, 26-50 orange, 51-75 yellow, and 76-100 blue. Since I was still in the middle of morning check-in calls when she got to that particular task, I helped her read the instructions and asked her to try her best to complete it. Fortunately, I received a welcome assist from Deedaw (with whom I was on the phone at the time), who told Bugaboo she was sure she could get at least half of them right. I have to remember that “I’m sure you’ll get at least half of them right” line — it erases the “not gonna” line that often furrows our eldest daughter’s brow!
APRIL 18 — Dear undergrads,
Now, more than ever, I feel I’m doing the right thing with my Five Year Plan.
WITNESS: All my autopsies are performed on dead people. Would you
The Empress then transmatted up to her Webstar and vowed revenge on the Doctor and all of planet Earth by scorching it, however the lack of Huon energy left the Webstar defenceless and allowed the British Army to destroy it, presumably destroying both the Webstar and the Empress.
Squawvine tea, which is also known as an infusion, is made by pouring 1 cup (240 ml) of boiling water over 1 tsp (1.5 g) of the dried herb.
Even coming back as fast as before Gatlin would be looking at the backs of all three - not a position that he is accustomed to. And while he has stated that he's "beaten them all before" and believes he can do so once again, all are working on getting "faster" and are ready to concede nothing to him.
After going to my reliable companion Wikipedia, I found out that Power Rangers has never been off the air since we watched the originals as kids in the 90′s. They’ve been everything from wizard rangers to dinosaur rangers and everything in between. I personally found it quite amazing that they could come up with that many cheesy monster costumes and socially oblivious teenagers over the years, but as I found out through Netflix, they somehow managed. At this point, driven by my curiosity and blind dedication to the original series, I decided to watch an episode from a couple of these different seasons. The formula was exactly the same in every single episode regardless of decade or setting. Monster appears, they fight it and lose the first time, they find some secret power or solve a friendship problem, they defeat the monster, it grows, and then they defeat it again with their megazord thing. Every single time this happened exactly in this order.
4) Pneumothorax: this is also called a collapsed lung and happens when air gets between the chest wall and the lung. This can be due to trauma or even occur spontaneously
CCSO received a call Thursday morning at 8:30 a.m. from the grandmother of the child who told deputies Hackworth and his girlfriend (the caller’s daughter) had been arguing. She said she saw Hackworth raise the child in an elevated position and intentionally throw him onto the mother who was lying in bed. She said the impact was hard and both mother and son were holding their heads crying hysterically. The deputy observed a knot on the back of the boys head.
So, according to her 'The Hunger Games' will be a hit.
Ashlynn Conner, a 10 year-old from Ridge Farm, Illinios, took her own life on Friday, November 11th. Ashlynn had been experiencing teasing and bullying for two years, being called "pretty boy" (after cutting her hair short), "slut," "ugly," and "fat." When she went to teachers for help, they told her stop tattling.
There's no address given, because apparently that's just another one of the Man's tools to keep us in our place.
Pool season is creeping up on us. Party invitations are starting to trickle in. Haven't thought at all about what to wear, but I'm already planning out the drinks menus — and polishing my drinking silver. One of the first harbingers of San Diego's pool season is Cinco de Mayo. This year, it falls on Derby Day, a holiday lesser-observed in these coastal environs, but dear to my own heart. The confluence of the two form a sort of Cinco de Derby that only happens once every few years.
All in all, it takes up a lot of my time, but it’s worth it.
With the advent of self-publishing and e-books people who have a story to say, can write it, and easily get it published. It’s a wide-open market. “If your story isn’t well-written and interesting it probably won’t succeed,” said author Sandra Gurvis.
Leslie, please tell us about these dragons!
and because I absolutely love being on this journey with this man.
A) Anshik Manglik( Little Manglik)
Last week I gave up the cane again – what freedom. I may give up physio next and just ‘wing it’ – go forward as always. So what if I have a limp? For now, I have let my natural highlights show through in my light brown hair. I think it is quite attractive. The grey makes me feel wise. However, I daydream of going totally blonde with spikes and of losing the weight I have gained in recovery. Enough of this soap opera of my life! My next post will be about art. It is good to be back.
05. Adagio
Hubby discovered this little guy hopping around in the bathroom this morning. It is a 'Broad-Palmed Rocketfrog' .It is an Australian ground-dwelling tree frog and can be found from mid-Queensland to south of Sydney, NSW.
Hi there my lovelies! Hope you had a wonderful Easter those who already celebrated it and the bunny has been good to you;); we are orthodox so this is our Holy Week, the week of passions before the Resurrection of Jesus which we celebrate on Saturday Night.
I understand that with my ridiculous arches some intense correction was needed but I just don’t feel like it is normal to still be in this much pain on such a regular basis. I have thrown the white flag up in the air and I have given up, enough with you orthotics, and until the situation is corrected I will be running without them. Orthotics be gone!
This was a great campaign for engaging their customers and avid A.R fans. Timing it at the beginning of Spring will surely help to re-market customer coming into the hotter months. And no doubt, many of the participants chilled out with a Magnum afterwards.
I'm going to ACL this year, and I was curious to see what my mother's stance was on the headliners. Do we still differ in tastes? Has she meandered over into the indie realm yet or is she still stuck in 1995?
If you are a tablet owner (Kindle Fire / iPad) I strongly recommend that you check out the site - you can register here by clicking on the Request an Invite link. Once you're in, and you've built your bookstore, come visit ours - TNBBC's Bookshop and Books 'n Stuff - and say hello. There are lots of upgrades on their way, the site keeps getting better and better. I'm looking forward to being able to export my books and reviews from Goodreads, and there's a 3D Cover Lab app in the works that will allow you to upload 3D images of the books...
(Originally written April 14, 2012 5:42 PM)
He has such a zest for life, that if you could harness the spark that is in him, he would light up the world.
My Gentle Readers, I came upon a distressing piece of news today. Take a deep breath and prepare yourself:
I have been in therapy several times in my life, but not in the past several years.
Did it look like the photo/drawing on the pattern envelope once you were done sewing with it? Yes
letters, and I would like to change this.
March 30, 2012 – Weight: 136 / Size: 8 (but it’s now very loose) Lost 2 inches off my waist line!!!
Mingus's quintet, returned to Italy in July 1975, and even on that occasion, in a break from the "official tour", the musicians take the opportunity to record their music on vinyl, this vinyl that today you can listen, recorded in Rome by Dannie Richmond, Don Pullen, George Adams, Jack Walrath and more...
Guess, that’s why he’s a self-starter.
Shows:
The gift came inside a bigger box that had no packaging peanuts or anything. Just a box inside another bigger box rolling around during its journey from China, or wherever, to here.
All those that hoped for any upsets in Old Trafford went home unhappy because Man Utd have geared themselves up for the sequel to the Champions League final that took place in 2008. After his World Cup and Champions League exploits, the media Vultures ran out of superlatives for Manuel Neuer but the goalie decided to have a Manuel Almunia moment when that shot trigger happy Irish midfielder lashed a shot in his direction. I guess that there’s always a Manuel moment in you. Our rivals Man Utd might end up with a League and European Cup double or end up trophyless just like….
This is one of my guilty pleasures. Le Litter Box is actually a “tumblelog,” sort of a stream-of-consciousness collage of photos and graphics—mostly about cats. But there are also some delicious photographs and funny videos…it’s my visual comfort food!
I stopped by Zara this evening and I loved so many of the clothes that were out at the moment. There were so many pretty brown and autumn shades, and so much I wanted to buy. The polka dot dress with the peter pan collar I spotted on the website while finding pictures for this collage and I desperately need to find that dress. It's just gorgeous.
It's Ros back with you this week ...
I did. I told them about the change in eating habits. I told them about the plan to add in exercise, but the fear of doing it because of this pain, and I didn't want to stress my heart if it is a heart problem, or aggravate a herniated disc or a possible peripheral neuropathy or something along those lines if it is that kind of thing. But I wanted to be absolutely clear that I am attacking this thing full-on, with total commitment, but I wanted to do it in a NATURAL WAY, and then I told them about my numbers that I mentioned above.
First off, I'm about to start packing for what will be I think my 9th desk/office/cube move in 11 years. And you'd think that with all of that moving around and the inevitable move-related cleaning up and purging that goes on, I really wouldn't have managed to accumulate that much crap. But you'd be wrong. My cube is a cozy wreck, and it's going to be a big pain in the ass to pack 'er up for another move.
I know you can’t imagine what my two boys are like
I adore cities. For someone who grew up on an isolated slice of heaven on the North East Coast of Newfoundland, that might seem odd. For me, it's the way I'm made. I love them. I adore going to Toronto. I remember the first time I came to Ontario, I walked out of Union Station where those massive pillars are and my first thought was, I want to get lost here. I want to spend the rest of my days just finding my way around and exploring.
If you do use Google Reader, you need to hit the link under the Email Subscribe, and subscribe in a reader..
I’m sure it’s been a year since i updated! I guess life just gets in the way of blogger every once in a while. Along with children whining about being hungry, needing a booty wipe and or needing to be broken up from beating each other up! Life is great! The girls are all doing great! Hannah is headed to 2nd grade this year! All in all time just seems to fly by and before we know it…we’re celebrating another year of our beautiful children’s life’s!
Donations from inside Spain:
Barbeques
"When I wrote my book Justice at Salem : Re-examining the witch trials (published in 2009) I attempted to get into the heads of the officials who prosecuted the alleged witches as well as the people who made the accusations.
I don't speak to my parents anymore because they were too supportive and respectful of my freedom. I don't speak to my parents anymore because they didn't meddle with my life enough. I don't speak to my parents anymore because they treated me too kindly. You get the idea.
We started Wednesday morning at Badlands National Park, which I visited last year for the first time. Last year, it was hot and sunny. This time around it was cloudy and cold when we first got into the park. Granted, it was around 8:30 am Mountain time when we got there. Eventually, the sun came out as we drove our way through the park.
Saturday morning we woke up early and I was once again in the baking mood. I made some strawberry cheesecake muffins for breakfast. Then, I had been eye balling Brown Eye'd Baker's recipe for Homemade Granola Mix. I'm such a big granola girl and had always wanted to try my own recipe. When she posted this post Needless to say, I definietly suggest you try it (:
Then we had presents... that's for another post...
seemed to change and
Okay, even I can do this. And by the way, this is a great homeschooler's garden project. When you've cut off your last stalk of celery, stick the base in a pot of dirt and water it. Now you can grow your next bunch. :)
Bush doesn't respond too well to questions of gender,
The day the democrats took over was not January 22nd 2009, it was actually January 3, 2007, the day the Democrats took over the House of Representatives and the Senate, at the very start of the 110th Congress.
TO VIEW THIS CLIP, VISIT:
I’m not sure but if local authorities were to offer more secondments and management placements, develop more of their senior jobs in such a way that they are open to generalists and generally do a better job of plotting more varied career paths for their middle managers.
09. Autumn - Angel Of Desire
I will give him a real woman. Not a harridan or a doll, not a dolt or a caricature but a living, breathing equal partner, who is not dying or impossibly pious. And I'll also bring an amicable divorce from Catherine and a Dear John letter from Ellen, so he can enjoy her.
for Rum-Chocolate Ganache:
This behaviour extends to atoms and molecules, molecules and matter, and of course, cities, life and the mind. I like to think of it as a form of synergy, where the resulting collection is greater than the sum of its parts. A flock of birds behaves like a single entity, as if it had a single mind behind it.
It started with fresh shrimp on sale at the grocery store and fresh tortillas in my cart. Not having made shrimp tacos in recent memory (I know, and I call myself a Texan?), I went searching and found a recipe that included Lime Cilantro Sauce here at Life's Ambrosia.
An hour later we strolled through the park on our way to our first roller coaster, we were in luck as we got front row seats of our first ride. 2 terrifying minutes later I knew that I I definitely got older since my last roller coaster ride. But it’s just like riding a bike and before I knew it my screams of terror turned into laughter for more.
Matthew King was once considered one of the most fortunate men in Hawaii. His missionary ancestors were financially and culturally progressive-one even married a Hawaiian princess, making Matt a royal descendant and one of the state's largest landowners.
Hearing the voice of God can’t be separated from the variety of practices that condition us to listen for and to the word of God. Sacrament requires scholarly historical rooting and prayerful present attentiveness, so “this” may be seen as “that”, and when someone proclaims “Verbum Domini”, “Deo gratias” is the most appropriate response.
The pipes in the cabin are frozen and need repair.
Who Is Taking Care of Your Kids?
Preheat oven to 160°C/325°F*. Line two large baking sheets with baking paper.
In my mind’s eye, I remembered a yellow practice piano book that I used as a beginner…um…let’s just say, a REALLY long time ago. So, in self defense of her happy plunking, I went online to find some free downloadable beginner piano tunes. Gold. It’s EVERYWHERE.
A group of Jessica Sanchez’s fans called themselves “BluJays”.
Aside from a few rice shortages that were induced by export restrictions in Asia, food received little or no coverage from the financial media in 2008. Yet, food shortages started riots in over 30 countries worldwide. In Egypt people were actually stabbing each other while standing in line for bread.
I ordered the yellow curry with chicken, Thai pumpkin and other veggies, and requested a heat level between mild and medium. The seasonings were done to perfection, and its not often that I spoon the sauce directly into my mouth like a soup! This was superb! And the brown rice did not require an extra charge.
Thread the chicken on to the skewers, about 4 to 5 pieces per skewer (of course depending on the size of the pieces) and place on a baking tray lined with aluminium foil.
In about 3 weeks I’ll be given the submissions to look through and judge, and in the 2nd half of February, I’ll be going back to announce the winners.
The finished vest does not look terrible if you don't look too close, but it fits as well as would be expected for this project. I know it is not about the gift, it is the thought that counts, but I had so many bad thoughts about this does that still apply?
It’s really no wonder that future Highlander sequels disregard this film entirely as part of the series canon, and that almost every fan hates it with a passion. I won’t say it’s absolutely unsalvageable, as there are a few good ideas here and there (I kind of like the whole idea that McLeod tried to save the world but ended up backfiring with the shield, causing everyone to hate him), but the haphazard way the story is put together as well as the numerous plot holes just makes it too much to bear. Highlander 2 is a dud.
The Brooklyn Detention Center (formerly the Brooklyn House of Detention) closed in 2003 on plans to double its capacity. Those plans were abandoned in 2010. The facility instead underwent a renovation and will begin housing inmates again this month, with a capacity for some 750 people.
Balonie...just making a pit stop on Joan's blog..
Everything would have been fine if the Spanish tourists had arrived on time.
Fareda: Stop what? You’re the one who—
This report offers qualitative legal research on the current practice surrounding Rule 39 interim measures in the field of asylum and expulsion. It examines the experiences of lawyers in submitting Rule 39 requests and where appropriate, the European Court of Human Rights‟ response and the compliance of Member States of the Council of Europe to these measures. The rationale behind this research is firstly to explore the fact that an increasing number of Rule 39 requests are being submitted to the Court but only from a certain number of Council of Europe State Parties and secondly to gain a better understanding as to the application of Rule 39 of the Rules of the Court.
Building a Yunho Library in China is a truly meaningful act. I just want to let you all know that the love and efforts of the fans and members brought Yunho extreme joy. Thank you to all the fans who continue to show unconditional love and support for TVXQ who don’t promote very often. Yunho will continue to aim for new heights, just as he was determined to do since the very beginning. Yunho will be able to continue spreading the love and draw bigger dreams, thanks to all the fans who have placed their loyal faith in Yunho. It was so good to hear the delightful news. I will pray that everyone will continue to be healthy, and be able to fulfill each one of their hopes and desires.”
Moreover, I think this will soon become a reality, because organizations need to reach prospective customers where they interact with each other, and for the most part, I would say this interaction is continually growing on social media platforms. I also don’t see the trend changing in the near future, so prepare for the social media landscape to be somewhat constantly present.
Goodbye, used nose plugs.
So hopefully we can make this work and please respond to my questions in a timely manner.
9. My mother taught me: CONTORTIONISM.
Ah the life of a teacher - it get's pretty boring after awhile. Just 14 more days!!!! Then I'm finishing up helping with our Sacred Selections benefit and then headed to the beach for a couple of days. Hopefully I'll have enough moo-lah to go to Cocoa Beach and meet up with the blogger girls there!
Due to a stagnant stock price over the past three years, Pepsi feels it needs to do something to demonstrate its commitment to earnings growth and to move in a positive direction by laying of 1% of its workforce, or 4,000 people.
This is how I feel every day when I check ESPN.com or WeAreSC.com. If that’s overly dramatic that’s OK, but it’s true. I feel a bit like the Nick Hornby that Nick Hornby writes about in Fever Pitch: has my fandom reached the point where NCAA sanctions, coaching abandonment and former star betrayal all make me feel like a character from the Old Testament? Is that even possible? If it is possible, is it at least to some extent a function of my very public martyrdom, which has everything to do with the fact that whenever people who know me hear about USC football they think, if only for a second, “Jon”? Is this how I feel, or is this how a fan of my fanaticism expects to feel? It’s a recursive argument. It wouldn’t exist unless I questioned my own feelings of despair, bitterness, paranoia and unmitigated lust for a 13-0 season and an AP championship to shut everyone the hell up, but since I do question those emotions whatever genuine angst and hope I feel is now tinged with a surreal third-person over the shoulder perspective of self-doubt: have these past eight months been that bad, and if so is this the logical and, dare I say it, satisfying conclusion to my fandom? Is this where I’m supposed to be, mentally, after joining my fate with USC football for all to see?
On the London Coliseum stage, participants were guided through a workshop inspired by Kenneth MacMillan’s The Rite of Spring. The workshop incorporated elements of the tribal choreography into the typical exercises of a ballet technique class. To gorgeous piano music from Rite’s score, movements included stomach contractions, splayed fingers and turned-in feet alongside pliés, sautés and grands battements.
I like to use the part of the bed sheet that is hemmed at the bottom so my shirt is hemmed at the bottom. Saves me time.
After Ella’s set I headed to the bar as I was told Happy Hour would start in 20 mins, seeing as Ella’s set was 20 minutes long it was bang on time, I got there and apparently Happy Hour was over – more like happy 3 seconds.
-spray painted frames
“All people are like grass, and all their glory is like the flowers of the field; the grass withers and the flowers fall, but the word of the Lord endures forever.” (1 Peter 1:24-25)
play , dance or sing in the streets, we can do so, stopping or claiming
And then I started singing along with C-Lo and forgot all about my useless left arm, mostly because it’s useless.
To make your PHP server secure, you have to make three components safe: the web server, the PHP installation and the database server. We will concentrate on the PHP installation for now. When setting up a new server, one of the first questions you´ll come across will be: Unix or Windows? – In terms of PHP security, the answer should be Unix. This is mainly because many modules and extensions rely on the rights management and on functions that are not supported by Windows. Because of that, these modules and extensions will only work in a limited way on Apache servers running on Windows, let alone on IIS.
A good resource schedule which has a definable work flow is viewed by the employee as an integral part of business management associated with company goals and is therefore treated with respect. A collaborative resource planning software reduces workplace stress. It does not invite ad hoc changes, and is not perceived as being arbitrary. A good schedule leads to confidence and trust among the employees. Trust provides the foundation for a positive cultural environment, which in turn provides the driving force necessary to achieve performance improvements leading to the basic goal of achieving profitability in the business.
Even with an average inflation rate of a modest 3 percent, which can seriously erode savings over the 25 to 30 years people could be in retirement. Companies are offering inflation protection in their annuity products, but the challenge will be getting clients to appreciate the inflation risk.
In one instant
Overall, Katana had an original, fascinating premise with a poorly executed outcome. What would've been an amazing story, turned out to be flat and predictable. The reason I'm giving this three stars is because I LOVED the actual story so much, it was just the execution that ruined it.
Like I said before, I’ll do just about anything for Marlene. We left the store lugging a brand new Singer sewing machine. To be fair, Marlene went halves on it. Though if we ever get mad at each other for real I’ll be damned if I’m sawing the thing in half. I’m keeping it because I had to carry it. Besides, a dented red pickup almost killed me while I was trying to load the machine into the trunk of my Focus. If Marlene hadn’t shoved me out of the way, I’d of been jelly toast across white parking space lines.
This week I have to give props to three shows. One is the surprisingly popular, Think Like A Man, which features Gabrielle Union in a relationship with a White (or could be Hispanic) man. The difference in their skin color is not a factor at all in the story line. It is just another relationship dealing with normal relationship issues. Well done writers.
What i like about this gaming console is Incredible gaming; Solid construction; Brilliant screen; Dual analogue sticks.
CD: What is your proudest moment?
And LoLo doesn't have to worry about a thing.
"Sexual deprivation has been used against plaintiff in a way as to both sexually frustrate the plaintiff, deprive the plaintiff of any sort of sexual gratification, and deny the plaintiff his right to sexual reproduction." I am not sure how the lack of pornography denies one of the "right to sexual reproduction." I was also unaware of another form of human reproduction other than sexual reproduction. Cloning isn't legal... yet.
6. Star of Bethlehem – 2:42
If the rain continues why not pop in to see our collection of big zoo animals including big cats, rhinos and giraffes? We are also popular for those who want to try their hand at being zoo keeper for a day, or schools who want to organise educational school trips.
12 - Satisfied Man 05:01
It seems that once each winter we catch a day such as this and it is pure JOY to share tea together in the sunshine.
I opened the trunk and took the small suitcase to the door. The woman was already seated in a wheelchair.
20 now
Turn oven down to 180c oven for 25-30 minutes till just set
Islam believes in ‘Tawheed’ which is not merely monotheism i.e. belief in one God, but much more. Tawheed literally means ‘unification’ i.e. ‘asserting oneness’ and is derived from the Arabic verb ‘Wahhada’ which means to unite, unify or consolidate.
The one thing that is missed in most articles, is the fact that just as you go for a job interview, the interview starts from the moment you walk into the room with non-verbal behaviors and then the verbal questioning.
Black as the Pit from pole to pole,
That process lasted a total of probably 4 minutes-- maybe less-- and then they switched to the other eye. Same exact thing with the other eye. And that's it.
Wait. Before I tell you what my job was and how it relates to my re-entering the workforce, I have to tell you what the main benefit was.
“And when he had said these things, he went on ahead, going up to Jerusalem. When he drew near to Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount that is called Olivet, he sent two of the disciples, saying, “Go into the village in front of you, where on entering you will find a colt tied, on which no one has ever yet sat. Untie it and bring it here. if anyone asks you, ‘Why are you untying it?’ you shall say this: ‘The Lord has need of it.’” So those who were sent went away and found it just as he had told them. And as they were untying the colt, its onwers said to them, “Why are you untying the colt?” And they said, “The Lord has need of it.” And they brought it to Jesus, and throwing their cloaks on the colt, they set Jesus on it. And as he rode along, they spread their cloaks on the road. As he went drawing near – already on the way down the Mount of Olives – the whole multitude of his disciples began to rejoice and praise God with a loud voice for all the mighty works that they had seen, saying, “Blessed is the King who comes in the name of the Lord! Peace in heaven and glory in the highest!” And some of the Pharisees in the crowd said to him, “Teacher, rebuke your disciples.” He answered, “I tell you, if these were silent, the very stones would cry out.” (Luke 19: 28-40 ESV).
Most people have forgotten about the lives they lead the day before the human species learned it was not alone in the universe. It’s understandable really; the world back then was defined along some very narrow parameters making it very hard for anyone to step too far out of bounds. The subject of aliens, when it was even mentioned, was something for science fiction movies or egghead scientists wanting to waste taxpayer money scanning the sky with expensive toys. It was a sensible ignorance based on history and common sense; humans had been to the moon and sent probes to all the other planets in the solar system. Aside from speculation and a few tantalizing hints of microbial life on Mars the universe looked cold and empty. If the cliché about ignorance being bliss was true, the world was living in a golden age about to come crashing to an end.
Wicked. When I use the word in relation to these bullies, I am not saying they are beyond redemption; I am not judging their souls. Their actions are wicked. Even the secular dictionary agrees with my usage. Wicked: morally very bad; fierce, vicious; disposed to or marked by mischief; causing or likely to cause harm, distress or trouble; nefarious; sinful; bad; wrong. It's a harsh word, no doubt... but I use it accurately. Morally very bad girls. Vicious girls. Girls disposed to mischief and causing harm.
Submissions will be accepted until February 10, 2005. You may make a request of the country you would like to receive a package from, but this will be determined by how many submissions are received and the final decision will be made by Tracey and Vivi.
His path, like my friend in North Carolina who has been with her mother in her last days and hours of her life, was not to be the decade-long on-site caregiver. In a previous post in a moment of pettiness, I wondered if my friend would have had the patience to care for her mother for a decade. It doesn’t matter. It wasn’t her path. She is there at the perfect time for her mother, sharing with me the poignant details of her last hours. A gift. Her path.
4) More Than Enchanting: A Q&A with Jo Saxton I hope it changes the minds of women who have given up on God, their call on the church because of how difficult it’s been for them. I hope it changes the minds of those who have felt too inadequate to respond to God’s call.
They are .mtc files only as I haven't converted them into any other format. So little time and so much to do!! LOL Hopefully, someone can find a use for some of them. As always, I would love to see what you do with them should you choose to use them for a gift! Thanks for stopping by!!
What am I loving right now? Salads!! Not that I don't always love a good salad, but I just can't seem to get enough of them, in all variations. Today's was mixed with apples, cranberries, sunflower seeds, almond slivers, and sugar snap peas...Mmm, Mmm good!
Nope. They failed. Of course. The NAO found that:
Yes, you say, all dogs fart. Yes they do but do they wake you in the middle of the night with their silent stench? Oh, yes...they are the silent but deadly type. You never have time to prepare. It can happen anywhere and at anytime. Is it associated with an urgent need to use the facilities (grass, bushes, etc)? No, he will let one fly foul just after he's been ...um...out. Is it when he is scared? Sure it has happened but is not narrowed down to a stressful squirt.
As for the views of the iconic Williamsburgh Savings Bank tower, well, they won’t exist from Flatbush Avenue: “The proposed project would obscure views of the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Building from south of the project site along the Flatbush Avenue corridor and from certain other vantage points, which would be a significant adverse historic resources impact. Views of this resource would be preserved from other principal view corridors, including 4th Avenue, Atlantic Avenue (from the east and the west), and Flatbush Avenue from the north.”
Sent: Tuesday, March 27, 2012 6:11 PM
Now it is my turn to cry myself to sleep, in a home that has become a cold tomb without her. She was the fire that kept me warm and alive who now is but a mere slow-burning ember extinguishing into the dawn of day.
NOTE: Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth. Revelation 3:10
Burrard St & Granville St – 11:58am **FINISH LINE**
And they were right, errors were found--a “bad connection” between a fibre-optic cable and the GPS receiver used to measure the time required to travel the length of the fibre. A second error is thought to be due to poor calibration of the clock used to calculate the neutrino’s time of flight.
2 cups sugar snap peas, sliced on the diagonal
I decided to marinate bite-sized cubes of smoked mozzarella cheese in an olive oil I had infused with orange zest and red pepper flakes. The cheese is then rolled in toasted breadcrumbs, briefly warmed in the oven to get a little warm and oozy, then served on skewers wedged between cherry tomato halves and feathery basil leaves.
Items which cannot be sent are alcohol, tobacco, perishables and PORN.
For the ancient Greeks mnemonic skills were an essential component of rhetorical skills. In pre-literate societies stories were memorized and historical records committed to memory by skilled memorizers. A skilled memory was essential to scholarship until the printed word became commonplace. Ever since then reliance has been increasingly placed on transactive memory, a term Foer does not use. Transactive memory refers to external storage media like paper, books, journals, storage media, the internet, and even fellow humans. Our brains remain biologically capable of doing what the ancient Greeks did. I should take pains to point out that although the title is Moonwalking with Einstein: The Art and Science of Remembering Everything, the book argues that remembering everything would be a mistake and might be a personal handicap. But it is also most likely a mistake to rely almost exclusively on transactive memory. The book states that on average, people squander forty days annually compensating for things that they have forgotten. Although the book is fairly well documented, I do have to regard this particular claim with skepticism. I would be willing to accept “ a lot” rather than the precise estimate. But there might be even more compelling reasons for making greater use of biological memory. The Healthymemory Blog argues that mnemonic techniques provide a good means of exercising our cognitive skills to include focusing attention, creativity, imagination, and recoding. They activate memory circuits and exercise both hemispheres of the brain.
These pleas for a stronger Church are a recent development in our struggle for justice, excepting SSPX’s older struggle for the same goal – the only justice that matters first, before all others can hope to appear, is the justice of Christ at the center of our nations, and not the vague and weak, deliberately helpless Christianity Benedict calls the faith now. Most of the Protestant sects that consitute ‘Christianity’ have caved in to modernism and do not provide the moral security that the Baroness realizes stable societies need.
$88.00
Sometimes the biggest rewards in life come from the unexpected and this seemed to be the case for Jake. “I know kids believe that they have better things to do with their time, but they don’t. This event has changed my whole perspective about volunteering,” said Jake. “I used to think that it was a burden; I was giving my time to someone else. The athletes are gracing you with their time. They taught me so many lessons about life, which I would have never thought about.”
Dear Beer (Both Craft and Domestic),
But it’s fucking hilarious! This is of the “fuuuucked UP” genre of dark comedies.
They debate whether micromachines in the cell such as the “bacterial flagellum” could have evolved by a Darwinian process of evolution. When inference to design is and isn’t acceptable in science. Whether random mutation can mathematically stack up to complex life, and whether God is reduced to a divine “tinkerer” by ID.
We are proud to be a positive voice offering factual information and preventative tools for young students to address their health in not only a physical perspective; but a mental, emotional, social and ethical perspective as well.
I don't blame that nurse for anything. She was right. I'm 25. My mother had 6 healthy babies. My sisters have each had healthy babies. My Grandmothers had healthy babies and so on. We had absolutely nothing to worry about. We would take from this non-invasive test, freedom. Freedom from worries.
Child ululate for me!
There are other themes that intersect the plays script. The large funding received by organizations in the name of AIDS and the little output they produce for the money. In contrast the dedication of individuals who work against the disease without any remuneration whatsoever. That these individuals too have their own human weaknesses goes without saying. This is not a morality play. There are other important issues that the play addresses though not directly.
“Furthermore, I’ve yet to hear of anyone reaping the benefits of wearing canary yellow on a hangover. It just makes you look more like a corpse which is not what you want when you already think you’re dead.” Very true.
Took my umbrella and carried on as usual. Even took pictures while it was raining. The guy cleaning up the park kept staring. He must be thinking I was crazy. No matter, I got my pictures.
Now we have learned a lot about the Law of Energy Conservation in human lives. Every positive things we do will come back to us, and so do the negative ones. So, let’s start doing our best to do good. Avoid the negative actions, especially hurting other people’s feelings. Use the assets that God has given us to produce goodness, and may fortune be ever in your favor.
I’ve covered this briefly in a previous post, but OH SO TRUE. I don’t have a set style, or look. This includes hair – short, long, curly, straight, fringe, no fringe! Most of the time I don’t even have a look that ‘works’! But you would never, ever be able to identify me by it, as it changes so quickly and so often. Ahhh the life of a borderline!
and in the spirit of true contrition, not to mention
Prepare your mind for floods, when the high finned creatures that only come around when the water is very deep nuzzle you suggestively. Creatures that we willing embrace and know as friends as they take us in their steel jaws and deathroll.
Hold your breath!
Pairing: YooSu, slight!!!YunJae
* The Empire State Index is likely to fall slightly from its February level of 17.5 to about 15.0. It is sort of a mini-ISM, just covering New York State, only with zero as the dividing line between expansion and contraction. Thus the economy is expected to continue to expand in NY but at a slower pace than last month.
I like the quality of the players they get. BDDS draws and cultivates the best local talent, including pianist Christopher Taylor, cellist Parry Karp, violinist Suzanne Beia and co-founder flutist Stephanie Jutt. But they also import impressive talent. This season that included standouts such as, among others too numerous to name them all, bass-baritone Timothy Jones from the University of Houston; violinists Carmit Zori from the Brooklyn Chamber Music Society and Erin Keefe of the Lincoln Center Chamber Music Society; ; violist Daniel Panner from the Juilliard School; pianist Randall Hodgkinson from the New England Conservatory of Music; and violinist Axel Strauss (below, playing J.S. Bach’s Chaconne) and cellist Jean-Michel Fonteneau from the San Francisco Conservatory of Music.
So instead of rewriting earlier posts, I'm just going to leave the links here, starting with what I wrote about the French artist Olivier Boissinot's stinging blue and turquoise painting (above) of the nearby Calanques.
Practical Programming – Mark Rippetoe and Lon Kilgore
Alexander said Denmark helped raise not only her children but her grandchildren.
IF YOU, YOUR MOM, YOUR SISTER, YOUR BEST FRIEND got breast cancer would YOU really care who they were giving money to AS long as their efforts were going to help YOU (or your loved ones) get past this terrible disease and back to living a "normal" life? I didn't think so. I am walking so that my friends and family won't have to go through breast cancer the way so many others have had to. In 2011 I watched my best friend Glenna go through it. It wasn't fun, it wasn't pretty and it WAS VERY SCARY! She is doing amazing now! And I truly believe that through the power of prayer and the efforts of the Susan G. Komen Foundation she will live a long and healthy life from this point forward. My grandmother wasn't that lucky. She died of breast cancer around 13 years ago. I will never forget how scared I was to realize that breast cancer runs in my family! I remember thinking I want to do SOMETHING to make sure I don't have to go through this! Now I am....I am raising $2300 and walking 60 miles so women all over the world will be able to live a life without the misery of breast cancer!
Here's what the tabletop looked like after one coat of Zinsser low VOC primer. I think this gives it a nice whitewashed look that would look great with beachy or modern country decor.
Hope your weekend is everything you wish it to be.
Rammstein Amerika D
The grilled chicken salads are a reasonable option at 220-320 calories before adding dressing. The balsamic (80 calories/packet) and Italian (120) are the best dressing choices. I just don’t care for the salads I’ve had there.
This is different from the Strawberry Shortcake recipe that you will see in cookbooks written by American authors. A strawberry shortcake is a scone or biscuit which is cut in half and then filled with whipped cream and sweetened strawberries. To the Japanese, a strawberry shortcake is a layered sponge cake with strawberry filling and whipped cream frosting, and is a favorite Christmas or birthday cake in Japan.
I just don't want to go anywhere with her
The SNES had some fantastic RPGs and not all of them were made by Square and Enix. Taito also got in on the act from time to time. The first in the Lufia series has one of the biggest bombshell reveals towards the game's climax. The soundtrack, is an excellent reminder of why I love SNES music. Fans of this series argue that this game has superior music to it's sequel, which is actually a prequel to this game. Lufia's first town theme is very quaint and homey, which works just fine for me.
13 - Presto Vivace/In The Dead of Night (Reprise)
If it’s unrequited love? Well, that sucks for the guy. He wasted his time, energy, and craftiness for nothing. I’m waiting for my May Tree on the roof but Toblerone has confirmed that this could cause quite a scandal in this little town we live in. That would mean that I’m clearly having an affair. The May Tree on the roof of your home would only mean that another man is looking for my affection. Since I’m not married and/or ENGAGED (hint hint!) then I expect a May tree. NOW.
We had a bond beyond that of a grandmother and grandchild, she became my mother when my mother, her daughter passed away in January 1980. It was always us. The two of us. Everywhere, for everything. We were so close. She enabled me to have such a wonderful life growing up, I had so much LOVE. Yes I had a lot of material things, but most importantly I had LOVE.
When I was six or seven, our step-dad came into the picture. Soon enough, our Mum started using drugs in front of us with him. They didn’t act differently, the house just smelled of pot. The smell got everywhere- in our clothes, our hair. Only now do I wonder if the teacher’s at our school new. They must have- the smell was everywhere. Then things started to go a bit downhill- our parents started sleeping all day, we were constantly late for school. One time, our parents forgot about us and a teacher drove us home. But we were still happy. Oblivious, I guess. Well, to an extent. We just knew our Mum was different.
"The small store has so far has been working mostly in repairs, with sales of accessories like bike lights, streamers and seats going steady. Nesbit hopes to soon sell bikes, too, and is open to discussing with customers what else they'd like to see on the shelves."
Okay this chapter still revolves around the fight between the three Vindice (representative of Bermuda) and Team Reborn in cooperation with Team Verde. They are still competing in a game entitled “Rainbow battle/war”. But the situation now is not favor of Reborn’s and other Arcobaleno as the mysterious Bermuda enters the stage. Back to the current situation, Chrome and Mokuro merge powers thinking and hoping to beat off the three enemies. This time I may say that their power really increased in a greater extent.. it was also stated by Reborn and Verde. The three Vindice tried to counter the attack but HULLAAHH!! the merged attack passed through and hit the targets! I thought at that time, rather at that moment everything will end.. that the fight will be over. However, though they were knocked down, One Vindice still survived and while in range launched an attack towards the two teams. Already exhausted with that merged attack, Mukuro and Chrome cannot defend themselves anymore. Whenever they are in pinch that’s when our tenth comes to save the day! Tsuna with his dying-will received head-on the enemies attack yet still caring not to break the Boss watch.
“You’re scaring me, babe.” He started off slowly.
Furthermore, in his questioned order of June 11, 1957, the respondent Secretary of Agriculture & Natural Resources provides:
After being pulled from the ocean with two bullets in his back, Bourne struggles to remember who he is and what he has done. He commandeers Marie (Potente), a German student, and her car for a trip across Europe to discover his true identity. Simultaneously, the head of a government agency known as Treadstone (Cooper) is dead-set on bringing the rouge spy down.
I did not go the DIY approach. I can’t figure out the programs to save my life. Luckily, I was introduced to Renee over at The Cover Counts – http://thecovercounts.blogspot.com/
And hold her to me
Now that things have returned somewhat back to normal, I'm going to try to get some sewing in. Although, our autumn activities are starting back up this week. A new session of story times at the library and two playgroups start in full force starting tomorrow. We'll see how much I get accomplished...
Why can't my hair be as long as hers? as thick as hers? as straight as hers? as curly as hers?
One other amusing thing. There's a website which rates the readability of your blog. I plugged in my URL and got back the determination that it's:
You’d think as adults, we’d know better. You’d think we’d understand how important it is to slow down and savor the here and now. To soak up all of life’s experiences.But more often than not, our inner child continues to cry out, “Are we there yet?”
I don't want to hear the lot of you complain about how I shouldn't be using a computer if I don't know what I'm doing. It's my computer, and Al Gore has given me special permission to use the Internet, and I can tell right now that you're doubting me, which is not very nice. The voices in my head have some very rude things to say about you. I used to be a really cracker-jack programmer, back in 1982, on my Apple IIe, which totally kicked ass. I wrote this program that had a unicorn dancing under a glittering, moving rainbow, with a waterfall in the background.
The University of New Hampshire Department of Theatre and Dance is looking for new children’s plays and musicals. To find new works, they’re sponsoring the Anna Zornio Children’s Theatre Playwrite Award. Submit your play or musical of no more than 60 minutes in length, suitable for adults to perform for children. There is no fee to enter. First prize is $500 and production of your play. The deadline for entries is March 4, 2016, and the play will be produced during the 2018-2019 season. Find all the details here.
There's no day I dread more than the day, sometime in his 15th year, when the Life Force Sucker comes home from some kibbutz in Israel and tells me he has found GOD. And then says, "by the way," just as he introduces me to his new Jewhoney, Tova. ( I picture her with a pretty face, suntanned shoulders, and big feet. I don't know why!)
Delight number one: Sam and Dean talking openly. Sam's not trying to hide his Lucifer hallucinations from his brother!!! Dean's not trying to father Sam about it!!! This is (one of) what we've been craving for six years!
2-3 tablespoons tomato sauce
Interior Minister Anna Maria Cancellieri also said on Sunday that she was considering bringing in the army to defend certain locations.
So, here's the card:
Also, I feel like I throw in the word "freeschooling" a lot, and I'm not even sure all of my readers know what that is, so I apologize for that, and do plan to write a post on it eventually (the shortest and least complete answer I can give is that freeschooling is basically unschooling in a building, or close to it). Basically why I like mentioning it is because I see freeschooling as a great answer for families that are unable to stay home with their kids when they're young, and for teens who really prefer to spend their days in a group environment. I think it would be marvelous if there was a freeschool in every community!
at daylight he'd go out in dripping brush
This year, my mind is more clear. Believe me, the pain is still there but it is manageable now. I was able to think straight and come up with something that will be heart touching for even Brian. For starters, the Father's Day card was made with photos of Wyatt and a touching poem about an angel talking to his father. And the gift, well, the gift is just wonderful. I decided on an engraved dog tag with Wyatt's photo on the front and an engraving on the back. Since Brian doesn't read this blog (for many reasons), I can share:
WHO: TCN is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, membership-based organization that partners with nonprofits, businesses and community members to improve health, social and environmental conditions. Serving Western Montgomery, Northern Chester and Eastern Berks counties in Pennsylvania, TCN offers seven key programs: Build Up Youth, CARE (Caring in Alternative Residential Environments), Environmental Awareness, Family Literacy, Homeless Services, SAFE (Supporting Abuse Free Environments), and Workforce Development. For more information on TCN, visit www.tcnetwork.org.
The younger version of me continues -
I got done really fast from that point – let me tell you. I was dying a thousand deaths as hundreds of eyes bore down on me assuring me that I was, in fact, the worst mother on the planet. I will never forget the feeling of wanting to sink into the floor and hide forever.
“I’ll sleep on it,” I said.
Watch Online – DailyMotion
Whether you go for a picnic lunch, a stroll or simply sit and read a book, the Buttes-Chaumont Park is one of the most beautiful spots in Paris. With rolling hills, a grotto, an artificial lake, a roaring waterfall, a suspension bridge and a gazebo that resembles the Temple of Vesta in Tivoli, Italy, I felt as if I was on a mini-vacation from the hustle and bustle of the city on Tuesday afternoon.
Are you hungry now? Or, perhaps you have developed a Thirst that only a Pot of Good English Tea will assuage....As the shoppe is very popular in Lake Oswego, reservations are recommended. They do not have a website, but you may find them on Facebook, and Yelp.
I am hopeful...
the time of rest is here…
3 march - Ampere - Munchen, Germany
Either process mentioned above will create a flavorful Potato Latke, it is an option for the texture you prefer.
The The Slow emotion replay UK
On May 3, millions across American will exercise their spiritual beliefs and freedoms on the 61st annual observance of the National Day of Prayer as they pray for the nation.
Despite utterly paradoxical geometry, the whole structure resonated with stillness, Realmspace held steady under strain by the physical framework. Even where seeing into darkness rendered everything down to a grainy, dancing grey of faint particulate motion, there was stability. Rel handed one of the torches to Rissad and walked a little deeper into the room, ignoring the other man's uneasy question. It was no surprise when his skin came alive with the gossamer-soft tickle of the Sherim enveloping him.
So, what are the customary areas you ought to look at before selecting any veterinarian? Here is a look.
I loved the spontaneity of our friendship and the freedom I felt with him. We were playmates in the truest sense of the word. I spent many wonderful days with him, lying in fields of clover, wandering through the botanical gardens and out to the long wooden pier where we saw cattails and osprey and alligators sliding into the water.
I also learned a few tips and tricks on using iron-on vinyl.
We can think of endings like death and dread them a bit, holding on to zee shreds of what was. As sad as it may be, endings should be embraced. Ending one chapter, starting another.
Luckily, it was a Friday, which left me the weekend to devise a plan, gather some gumption and stuff my backpack full of gummies. (I was not averse to bribery). On Monday morning, I entered the schoolyard with confidence. I approached Amy with deliberation. I greeted her with warmth. And then I said with desperation, “I’m so sorry. I don’t even know why I said that. I guess it just kinda slipped. I feel terrible and I’m really, really sorry! I’ll understand if you never wanna talk again.” She smiled, said she’d still like to be friends, and then forgave me almost immediately. We even hung out during recess. But, of course, things were never the same. How could they be? We were young but we weren’t stupid. Gossip takes its toll on everyone, no matter what their age.
You may not think so, but the above picture is absolutely beautiful. Why? Because there is water coming down over the rocks on the side of the fairway behind our house.
This is part of my writing wall. I have laminated construction paper stapled to the wall with each kid's picture on a star on the corner. I put two paper clips on the top of each sheet of paper to hold their projects. Each time we have a new published piece of writing, I replace their work. It's quick and easy to switch out, and I fold their papers in half and file them away for the end of the year. At the end of the year, I will bind all of their writing together to make a book and put their star pictures on the front. These are from our Valentine's Day writing activity where I had a variety of different hearts and they could create anything they wanted with them. They're so cute, right?
So I want to hear from YOU GUYS!
* In June, more than 108 ANC members were arrested for illegally occupying the party's regional headquarters in Port Elizabeth. Those arrested are supporters of ANC leader Jacob Zuma and that they wanted the regional executive committee, said to be supporters of President Thabo Mbeki, to vacate the premises.
Jacket (Jackpot, consignment), sweater (Ellen Tracy, swap from Caro), skirt (no label, thrifted), tights (Esprit), shoes (Tsubo Shala, thrifted gift from Megan), earrings (Plum).
The more I watch In The Loop and get to its ending, the more it makes me feel like crap because on the surface level it lets the loudmouthed bad people win. Politicians. Maybe I’m just seeing a disconnect between then and now, the movie not foreshadowing the consequences for the people who pushed the war. But what about Liza, being reluctant about her paper because her career is on the line. Judy’s boss, Minster of International Development Simon Foster (Tom Hollander), is an equally spineless climber, stumbling into an anti-war quotable and becomes ambivalent about it after Malcolm ‘bollocks’ him. The movie intentionally the movie doesn’t have a good guy with any fortitude, neither.
A word about the cable pattern on the cosy. I loved it when I saw it on Ravelry, and as it was in Jolakey's projects as a Kindle Cosy. As it was a personal pattern not in Ravelry or available for purchase, I decided to decode it - a first for me. It was a nice challenge and very satisfying when I eventually cracked it. It was another challenge to write it down, and I'm still working on that. I left a note on the comments box about my using the cable for this project, so I hope she likes my interpretation of her design. The only glitch is that hot pink is well-nigh impossible to photograph properly with my fairly basic cameras (my Panasonic Lumix and my iPhone.)
I think this card is much prettier in person--trouble with that stinkin camera again. Sometimes I think I should pay someone to do all the blogging stuff--I just want to create--I don't even want to send cards, just make them, lol! Isn't that horrible!
The fare rate hike on jeepneys is now in effect. Oil firms just jacked up gas prices. And Malacañang rejected the proposed P125 across-the-board legislated wage increase. Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!
I feel quiet light watching the dark..games up …its great watching them fall over themselves.
This year we planned it a bit more and I went out on site half a dozen times so I could create a sequence of photos showing it being built at several different stages.
My book covers are framed on the wall near my desk, and a "turntable" taboret holds supplies, and a blackboard and cork for the IdeaBoard I pin up for each novel with photos of my characters, setting, and other items to inspire me as I write.
11. Place in the middle rack of the hot oven, with 1 c of hot water in a tray below.
Day 2 – Scotsdale Tourist Drive (including obligatory wine tasting)
Most antihistamines also make people sleepy, which can help patients sleep who would otherwise be awake from the itch. Newer antihistamines that do not make people drowsy as a side effect are also available to treat itching.
“One Year since Mubarak: Egyptians Fear for the Future.” BBC News. BBC, 10 Feb. 2012. Web. 23 Feb. 2012. .">.
Was quite unsure about it myself but apparently Jack loved it.
I can't believe tomorrow will be two weeks since the Eugene Marathon. Although, in many ways it feels like a long time ago.
-Land of the 6 unsold mills should be handed over to MHADA immediately for affordable housing and open space.
A beautiful new football stadium downtown was developed, a spectacular baseball stadium with the revitalizing city’s silhouette providing a background on warm summer evenings, new theaters, growing medical facilities, a world class University (Wayne State), the once great architecture now being brought back to life, young “creatives” making the City home, residential lofts…and those visionaries.
So, yeah. I was going to post yesterday, and somehow I realized it was like 10 pm and I had nothing to say except Holy Smokes, I'm Tired, and that just didn't seem like it was something worthwhile, so I kept it to myself.
Well you know that after a little while, things start to get busy wherever you live...and even after our move, I found that I was so busy during the day that I never found that I had 5 minutes to just sit and relax and to soak in this beautiful country atmosphere. I am usually putting on a load of washing and then getting something else done whilst the washing machine cycle is doing its thing...
However even though this is not a dress I wear out, it is still one that I love for the comfort, coolness and joie de vivre I feel when I wear it. It's a keeper.
I think learning all of that about myself was really an important foundation. I think it was the main thing I needed to "get" before the rest of the weekend could happen. I had to let go of my prejudices in order to be open to what was in store for me.
A favorite of West End theatre lovers is The Warehouse Theatre (www.warehousetheatre.com). Located in a converted warehouse (hence the name), this fine mix of emerging talents, local professionals and artists from around the country have been performing “intense, intimate and unexpected” live productions for over 3 decades. From re-envisioned classics to some of the most cutting edge new works, WHT boasts the sort of theatre you can’t see anywhere else inSouth Carolina’s Upstate region. As an eclectic “side dish” to their main performances, The Warehouse also offers “Improv with The Distracted Globe” for only $5. In a summer event that has helped make Greenville a thespian vacation destination, WHT also plays host to The Upstate Shakespeare Festival. This free, annual event takes place in Falls Parks throughout the summer months and presents the magic of Shakespeare in a charming, outdoor setting.
Then oopsy the lane is gone,
Here’s my 100.
Battle, victories, defiance, perseverance ring melodiously throughout the pages … . The victor within us all prevails. — Paul Truttman, Western Archipelago
I hope this helps. Let me know if you would recommend reading these books in a different order... the unicorn is not always right.
So does that mean if you’ve been writing for five years and haven’t sold you need to quit? Not at all. Success doesn’t always mean reaching that ultimate goal, but at five years you do need to check to see your rate of growth. If you’ve been seeking a publishing career (and keep in mind that’s different than writing) for five years and still feel that you are in the exact same place you were five years ago (working on the same book, getting the exact same form rejections and not even finaling in contests), I would ask that you seriously reconsider your business plan. However, if you can see real change in where you are now from where you were five years ago (change in your writing, change in your publishing network, and a string of successes like an agent, or personal rejection letters from agents, full request, or contest wins or finals) then you’re probably on the right path.
Why? Again not specific enough and how are you going to do it anyways? What is “better?”
An exile from your family tree.
The Canon does a darn good job when you can compare photos from it side by side with photos from the Nikon. I had already been thinking about the differences between the two of them, and how that has effected the way that I compose photos. With the Nikon, hardly anything is in focus due to its extremely narrow depth of field. With the Canon, everything is in focus, whether you want it to be or not, due to its extremely wide depth of field.
I was wheeled into a cubicle and heaved onto a trolley* with the cot-like side rails up.
So life is made up of good days and bad days. Yesterday was a good one :) Nothing outrageous happened but things were simple, sweet and I took time to appreciate how great life is. Studio was busy, classes were awesome and lots of new members signed up!! I came home and Tanner was sleeping even though the cleaners were buzzing around and vacuuming right outside his door-he just slept like a champ(for 3 hours-he never naps that long-it was heaven!!!)!! Kevin got home early and so we walked the pups then had a glass of Chardonnay on our patio. I spent a lot of time while preggo on our patio reading and relaxing and it was so surreal to now have this amazing baby sitting on my lap bc it just feels like yesterday that I was rubbing my bump and feeling his kicks out there. Time sure does fly. We grilled up some tri tip and put the munchkin down early and talked and ate and enjoyed each other :) It was just so nice. Anyway enough of my ramblings-lets get to the good stuff:
Ugg. Oh did I mention that being sick is boring. Once the fever is finally gone, which it took forever to leave. You start sort of living again. But not really. You're not really strong enough to do anything, except breath in and out, and cough and make it to the bathroom. So what do you do when you're sick?
I think it is fair to say that humanity has reached a time in their development where we desperately need a change in our thinking, or philosophy of life, if we are going to continue to both survive and evolve as a society. It is not so simple as to say we need to start doing this or quit doing that, no that is not deep enough into the realm of critical thinking when looking at it. It is not just a matter of changing a few physical actions, that is far too simplistic and would not matter, it instead is a matter of changing the entire way we think, the things we value, the things we place importance on. I am not saying that I have the answer to this problem because to be honest, I do not. I think I can identify more about what must be changed than I can how to change it, but that’s a start……
BUT... we have new information. We are going to be joined by guest mentors each month. These are published authors, or soon to be published authors, who are going to be generously providing their time to help workshop participants develop their best work.
These two independent sources, however, will now be merged into one single source: an Internet voting system controlled by SCYTL, with a results reporting system also controlled by SCYTL.
Baughman, JL. 1947. An early mention of Anableps. Copeia, 3, 200.
Todate, why is there still no criticism by Pakatan legislators against the action of physical intimation by the protestor? If they do not accept heckling from the audience, why did Pakatan leaders in attendance not address the crowds advising them to be rational and behave calmly?
This is the sixth time.
In a large stock pot, add 1 gallon apple cider, 1cup mild honey (This makes the cider very sweet. If you don't like things very sweet, you may want to cut back on the honey), and 1/2 cup orange juice. Add the whole cloves and cinnamon sticks.
Depending on who you’re addressing, you probably use a different forum as your vessel and have a different persona on that forum. It might be a conscious decision. It might not be. What if you occasionally tweet work-related information from your personal Twitter account? Does this mean you have to maintain a level of professionalism on that Twitter account? And who decides? Does it matter?
Below are some pics of the kids the other day. Mat & Mel decided to cook chocolate cake and Tabs loves spending time with her bestest buddy :)
- Oh, and Valentine's Day is this Sunday, of course. What I do love is eavesdropping, and so this collection of overheard love stories (if you can call them that) from San Francisco. With charming lines like "If he can't figure out the public transportation system, well... I don't want you dating him", how can you resist?
I'm assuming that at this point, enjoying an afternoon on a terrace is no longer a simple pleasure, but instinct. It's weaved into the Paris DNA. I suspect it began as a survival tactic. Yes, that's it. Paris will eat you alive if you don't occasionally drop by a café and pay too much for your drink and leave too little tip to be treated half as well as you would be in the Midwest.
Artisans seek to make an impact upon the organizations where they work and upon society at large. Their alertness to current realities, the joy they take in variation, and their tendency to follow their instincts to 'what works' make them good troubleshooters and negotiators, talented performers and craftspeople and excellent leaders in all kinds of emergencies and chaotic situations.
The line of women stretched long and with meaning, people who wanted to talk with me. I had just finished speaking for 90 minutes, followed by a brief Q & A, and yet they welcomed more of me.
“Belief in the power of intention is also vital.”
I don’t know about you but I’m already just about thanked out.
Anyways....Out of the blue....Several days after discussing the problem with Kylie I received an invitation to help out a Friend from Oregon....I was ELATED to say the least at the prospect as it will mean I'll spend a lot less time on my feet....Needless to say this called for some frantic juggling as our flights required changing....(THANK HEAVENS for travel insurance)....And I'm pleased to say we're all systems go again....Yayyyyyyy....!!
Anyway, the 'all my bags are packed' line is relevant today as I'm off on my travels. Not leaving on a jet plane, though, more like leaving on First Great Western, heading north, north and a bit further north. In fact, over the next few weeks I'm going to be going north, south, east and west which is all rather exciting. Today, I'm off up to Yorkshire. A while ago, my children's publisher ran a kids' writing competition where one of the prizes was an author visit from me. (Call that a prize?!) And the winning writer's school is up in Yorkshire, so that's where I'm off to today. The only thing is, it takes 5 hours to get there on the train... eek! My ipod is fully charged and ready to take a serious hammering, plus I have 97 books to keep me going. Or something like that.
I started colouring with grey and light brown for all of the rocks. The sky was started with yellow, then very light blue and finally pink for a setting sun. I have a list at the bottom of this post. You have probably noticed that my water is a darker blue than most use. The reason? Light blue is found in the tropics and darker navy/gray is in the northern hemispere where I reside....the land of igloos!
I was dusty and dirty as I came to the last corner to look into. I had found many memories and trinkets from the past up there, but like I said, most of it was junk. I had found the old Christmas tree ornaments and lights. The lights were too old to trust, but I brought the decorations down stairs and it gave me back some hope. I had a pile of shoe boxes of some love letters between Gram and Gramps to be saved and there were some journals from the early years of their marriage that I had spent some time reading instead of finishing the job and the morning was long gone.
Targeting painters? Any rainy day is a great time to catch a painter!
238I stretch my empty arms; it glides away.
the experience was eerie, disturbing, and spellbinding. It was pure
When my father died back in 2003 the Encyclopedia was up for grabs. I thought about taking it, about how I could lay on the floor with my kids exploring the vastness of what there is to learn. But then I realized that if I did this, my kids would learn that dinosaurs were all a kind of grayish-greenish color, and that the one with the large body and really long neck is called a Brontosaurus. They’d learn that there are nine planets in the solar system and that Saturn is the only one with a ring. They’d learn that the smallest computer can fit inside a single room and, of course, they’d learn that Richard Milhous Nixon is President of the United States.
If you are a fan of cupcakes and aren't already reading Metalcakes, you don't know what you're missing. For those of us that are already fans, I'm so excited to announce that Kathy "Metalcakes" Bejma (and her mom!) will be in attendance for CupcakeCamp NYC 2.0!
Pea gravel, an all time favorite! Love the interaction with the crunch. And, it is inexpensive.
Dearest Readers
Dirty is one of those albums which are more accessible, more radio friendly, if you will, although I think that’s saying a bit much. Sonic Youth sounds on this album like that band you’ve always wanted to make when you were an adolescent in the mid nineties, but never had the balls to pull off, not really being sure if you wanted to rock for the statement or for the chicks. I’ve never heard a band manage to pull off making noises with guitars in such a way as to make it seem very complicated and artful. This music sounds to me like some form of heavy, toxic, extremely pure grunge concentrate, a sort of fanged punk mutation with less jumping around and more gritting of teeth, sensual in its approach of noise and relentless in its construction of sexy, simple, furious songs which pound themselves into your head and stay there for good. I haven’t listened to Dirty in over five years, and yet when I played it for myself yesterday it felt like not a day had passed, I could recognize the sound instantly, and it was scintillating.
I think she looks even more dramatic in black and white. I've used a trial version of DXO, which includes many different treatments based on commercial film brands. I'm quite impressed with it, and I'll probably use it all the time for the next month that's it's available to me for nothing.
Some couscous recipes I enjoy are:
“Why don’t you save the fucking speech for a camera that cares,” spat Ryan Claypool, the ship’s engineer. “This is all bullshit and you know it. Who gave you permission to play God? Your daddy, the senator? Well, gee, he’s back home in Oregon and we’re up here in-”
You know what I love? I love waking up to the smell of slow-simmered onions and spices. I love knowing at 8 a.m. that my dinner for that night is already cooked. I love throwing shit in a pot, clicking a switch, and calling it supper. And that's what you get in Carla Kelly's new cookbook, Quick and Easy Vegan Slow Cooking.
- Dissolve tomato paste and salt in 2 cups warm water and add to vegetables.
I had a look today as usual to see what was "on the cards", I like a sketch it gives me somewhere to start, and this is a great sketch. As I had just finished a Valentine's card order I decided I was still in the mood for lurve,( better not tell the hubby! "laughing")
I could so see this chair in a dressing room or bathroom. It would make a great statement in the entryway or in front of an elegant little writing desk or secretary.
The AuSud Media blog was set up for Sudanese Australians who completed the AuSud Media Project’s eight week journalism training course. This course was run by the Centre for Advanced Journalism at The University of Melbourne with the support of the ABC, AMES, the Sidney Myer Foundation and the Victorian Multicultural Commission. Its aim is to give Sudanese-Australians the skills to develop their own community media voice.
....and then they strolled into the water as I turned the corner. Oh dear.... Deb said keep them enclosed for 2 weeks and its only been 2 days!
16. My Friend Today
The fantastic thing about keeping my work at work, a rare thing for a teacher to do, is that I can fill my time at home with things I would never dare to do. During Spring Break, I read a few mindless novels. I napped. We played outside in our backyard, enjoying the novelty of outdoor space. We took walks. Since the weather has warmed, I gardened for hours, moving around several dozens of plants, weeding, and mulching. I had a glass of wine with neighbors with the budding plants. On rainy days, Serafina and I cuddled on the couch and read Madeline books. We played with crayons at her easel. I sewed a quilt top for Serafina, and I am working on quilting the batting. I made a set of curtains for her room. I even sewed together a quilt that my students made, not minding the work because it was sandwich by freedom.
member of the Jesuit-controlled Bilderberg Group.
address human rights and sexual
The Hubs: Nope. Not right now, Ted. We're eating dinner.
14. For example, the way the London Police treated a disabled white woman and were forced pay £20,000 compensation. See “Met pay £20,000 after arrest of disabled woman”, The Daily Telegraph, 22nd March 2000, p.3.
One group—collectively, Occupy Wall Street and its offshoots—wants to bring attention to the lack of accountability of those they view as largely responsible for the collapse of 2008, and the policies and practices that have helped bring about exaggerated economic inequality.
The tourism department director believes opening the call centre will add value and assist visitors during the upcoming Songkran holidays that starts late next week.
Thank you for making our wedding the most magical and unforgettable day of my life. The wedding was everything I wanted: simple, classic and elegant. Working with you and your ladies was a pleasure from the beginning to the end.
Plain yoghurt- 1/2 cup
Feeling cautiously confident that the remaining knife would survive the official test, Scott finish ground the knife, crafted a micarta handle, let me snap some photos, and then drove down to South Carolina for a date with ABS Mastersmith Jason Knight.
From year 1–18, we would go out to dinner on our anniversary, and usually Nassau came up somewhere in the conversation. Beaches, sun, snorkeling, relaxation. Ahhh … we’d always end with the same word: someday.
It was not like this originally but I’ve had people looking at me when I’d go to play or shop with the other trainees. The reason is, as I had my Sundays off, I would get dressed up and then go out to play. Hahaha.
In this book there is less of intelligence work shown by Ryan and there is more of fight sequence where he directly gets involved in terrorist operation. In later books he is shown to be doing more of intelligence analyst work. The story is more on predictable lines with lot of details about plans, police work, intelligence gathering and fight sequence. In the end Ryan manages to escape and saves the Royal family again and all the terrorists are arrested and are put on trial.
Dear Me.
Ending the Iraq war was:
2,500 years ago, when democracy was found, the citizen of Athen made all the decisions at the Assembly, the Executive Councils and the Courts. There was “people power” and “rule of the people”.
Doing things.
I remind myself it is still June.
For added flavor and texture, top frosted cupcakes with toasted coconut.
FatCat takes this as a learning experience and will come back a stronger beer drinker next year. This is the second time I've came away just short of a title. Believe it or not I almost took the spot of "World's Most Interesting Man" in the Dos Equis commercials. The other guy beat me out just because he bowls overhand, whoop-de-freakin'-doo. I didn't want to drink Dos Equis anyhow. And besides "The Most Interesting Man in the World" is alive only because Chuck Norris allows him to live.
It's easy to forget that we're each just little specks on this big earth.
But even not taking that into account, the evidence on the page is irrefutable. Moonraker (1955), the next book in the series, presents Bond with a slightly more feisty female in the shape of Gala Brand, a Special Branch agent working undercover at Hugo Drax's missile facility. What's interesting in this book is that 007 doesn't get to sleep with Gala. They share a kiss on a beach and an emotional moment after surviving a bomb blast, but that's as far as it goes. Gala is engaged, and the novel finishes with Bond resolving to "get out of these two young lives and take his cold heart elsewhere". Despite Bond's misgivings about the relative temperature of his heart, however, it's abundantly clear throughout the novel that, once again, he's tumbled head over heels for a dame; for evidence, look no further than a couple of lines earlier, as a tortured 007 ponders, "Why had he imagined that she shared his desires, his plans?" James Bond: denied.
A hook, a hook, and a hook.
So once you’re over the fact that the Fast and Furious film franchise is getting another instalment, it’s time to analyse these casting rumours that are doing the rounds. There is no doubt that this series of films are highly entertaining despite all of the films being pretty much the same. And whilst the films manage to pull in a huge audience thanks to their continuous ‘fast cars and hot women’ model that they follow and also throwing in the eye candy for the women, it seems as though they are aiming for an even wider fan base with Fast and Furious 6, or Fast Six, or The Furious Six or whatever it ends up being called.
That was the first time I saw mum withdraw from alcohol. “It'll take three days,” she warned us.
We are back in Nightshade for the fifth installment of this fun lighthearted series. Tensions between the weres and the vampires are mounting as people are being attacked and left for dead. Daisy is attempting to figure out who is behind these attacks while at the same time trying to undo the spell that traps Lily and Balthazar in their forms as a Jukebox and a pig. She has a lot on her hands as the school year wraps up, and graduation approaches. Will she unravel the mystery in time or will her high school career end with a bang?
The truth God is trying to tell me is…..
So that’s one thing picture book writers who aren’t also illustrators need to keep in mind when they’re doing their own revisions and cutting--if you can show it in the illustrations, don’t put it in the text. Ever! This is true especially if you have some very specific ideas about how you want the story to be illustrated--don’t box your illustrator in with unnecessary descriptive language. You really need to leave room for the illustrator to do his or her thing.
MORRIS K. Influenza immunization among health care workers. Ohio Nurses Rev 2004; 79: 16, 15.
Here are some examples of courting lamps I have found on the web. Where, exactly, are these markings of which the above mentioned article speaks?
How is the believer reconciled to God? The passages above clearly show the involvement of God’s ministers in the process of reconciliation. More is required than faith or belief alone. James makes this point in his epistle:
6. I am a Go-Green person .
And this has happened before (Harry Potter and the early Tom Clancy novels come to mind): for some reason, certain kinds of novels have the ability to short-circuit the taste and discernment I have been cultivating for the last couple of decades. And it feel sooooooo good.
MEG's RATING : D-EEEEE-LICOUS!
I ventured into the scrapbooking arena, when lots of small scrapbook shops are shutting down!
Some people may have noticed that I changed/updated/sort-of-made-a-new page (it used to be "speaking at..." and never got any hits) last week. It's entitled speaking schedule and information on booking.
And I guess I'm really going to do that in a few weeks
Goalkeeper Sean McDermott returned from his loan spell at Leeds United to start in goal in what could be his last game for the club, whilst Bould made just two other changes from last time out, with Hector Bellerin and Zach Fagan coming into the side.
I had wanted to try to make them into an almond butter much like delicious Nutella but had been hesitant because I was afraid it wouldn’t turn out well as the nuts had been previously roasted. Roasting the nuts takes away some of the oils key for making that nice smooth and creamy texture. Since I have always been on Team Chunky for peanut butters, chunky chocolate almond butter didn’t sound like too much of a disaster!
Rather than pulling traffic away from my site, both of these projects have brought me more followers and interest simply because they're spreading the word further and father about free motion quilting than I could alone.
So while I was watching the St. Louis Cardinals bring home the World Series trophy, I was busy creating cards for various challenges. With a busy weekend and start to this week I haven't had a chance to post them yet, so I figured I would lump them all in one post. I found a couple new simple card designs that I love, I hope to inspire you with these creations!
I'm also looking forward to stories by two particular writers - Gareth Roberts and Stephen Moffat...
Through the sheepcots up the hill,
You see here in Sweden, Halloween is a relatively new phenomenon, slowly growing in popularity over just the past 10 years or so. Pumpkin carvings a la cave man days, 30% of any given neighbourhood actually participating in trick or treating and the only costumes you'll find on the kiddies are of the scary variety. No Buzz Lightyears to be found. And how about going trick or treating and receiving a handful of loose chips or 1 piece of candy? Now that's a fright.
I took this to the machine and did a blanket stitch all around. Remember to take it really slow because you only get one chance at this! Each stitch puts a whole in the fabric, this is why I like to use a really simple shape like a circle, I have also done stars and squares would work too. I haven't tried stitching through it by hand, basically because I think it would be a challenge to get the needle through. If you want to though, go for it :)
For those of you holding out for a physical book, the paperback is currently in design and should be ready in 4 to 6 weeks. It will also be available on Amazon, linked to the same page.
Check out the video below to get an idea of how the campaign worked.
Mei giggled and talked while I danced in place while swirling the pan to Chicago Shake, from the Public Enemies Soundtrack, then to Ten Million Slaves, and Danger Zone from Top Gun when suddenly the caramel began to just turn an amber color! Then in the blink of an eye, a thick smoke unfurled from the bottom of the pan and the caramel turned black and smelled slightly burnt. In an effort to prevent all of the caramel from burning, I ran the pan outside, where it was raining, to (hopefully) cool it off. The falling raindrops sizzled against the hot, still burning caramel and hope, sizzling away with each passing second. Of course this would happen when I was listening to Danger Zone! Was it a sign?
year.
How awful morning sickness really is. That feeling of being nauseous every second and how nothing seems to help can be brutal. Brushing my teeth throughout my pregnancy is even an ordeal since it makes me want to gag.
Perhabs we should wrap the seaweed inside the tortilla?! Okay, it's a silly idea.
At some point he had rotated to a face up position- which makes for a tough labor. I understood why I had the feeling of reservation and bringing him down slowly. Had I pushed and blasted him out, I very well could have torn from end to end. I am amazed at the body- amazed at what it knows if we just listen to it. At this point we still did not know the gender- we chose to be surprised.
roughed up by the usual suspects
— I expect everyone to be wearing accessories. This is an important part of every outfit and can make or break any ensemble.
Many of the better versions of Springsteen’s songs never made it to the studio. The poetry of Thunder Road was sacrificed to make Born To Run a cohesive, majestic rock & roll album. Take a listen - Bruce can barely fit the words into the speeded-up tempo. Like many others, I’ll always treasure being there at the birth of this incredible song when he used to moan it above an aching solitary piano,
With other formats, all you get is black and white reproduction and a limited selection of uninspiring typefaces. Once again, the presentation is about practicality and readability, less about look and feel and emotional involvement.
Be different, anyway.
I'm not forced, which I struggle with,
If you are going to the trouble and effort to bring your own bottle of wine, don’t skimp on the quality. Expect to pay a minimum of $40 to $50 per bottle for a good quality wine. Bringing a cheap wine to a restaurant can be considered an insult – “my cheapo wine is better than what you are offering”.
And, here you can see the western end of Campbell Lake, Pass Lake above it, and then Whidbey Island above that. The flat part of Whidbey, which you can’t exactly see clearly but is nonetheless visible in this shot, is NAS Whidbey Island, and thus you can literally see from the top of Mt. Erie where I was born, since I was born at the Naval Hospital on that NAS.
After almost an hour on the bike it's time to slow things down. I look at my numbers and decide which goal is my ending goal. I can either end at a specific mile mark or a time mark. Or I can wait until the song on my ipod finishes. When it's finally time to stop, it's like stepping out of one body and into another. Everything slows down.
But the battle wasn't over. The undead arachnid somehow escaped from his toilet paper tomb and began scrambling up the inside of the toilet bowl. As quickly as I could, I reached over to flush, and after one more valiant effort at escape, the spider finally disappeared down the drain. Completely rattled, I stood there for a moment, reveling in my victory and trying to regain my composure. I had won.
I've been working on the Bear Doll accessories for a little while now, and today I have the Christmas Outfit SVG for you!
All night I ebb and flow; I am
A: Depende. Sang-ayon ba kayo na sila ang magpalit ng bumbilya?
filling my eyes
The Atharva Veda Mantras differ from the Rg Veda Mantras, Sama Veda Mantras and Yajur Veda Mantras in the being less rigorous in chandas, but the mantras are mostly the same. As per the Bhagavatham Atharva Veda was The First Veda and is called The Brahma Veda. atharvan, angIrA and brahmA were among the rishis.
Jacobs does a wonderful job of showing how so many of the things in Lewis’ life make their way into the Narnia stories: the death of his mother, the horrible treatment he received at boarding school and even his own time as a teacher – each one of these things makes an impact. Almost every part of Lewis’ life influences Narnia in one way or another, and Jacobs’ masterful grasp of his subject adds to a deeper understanding of Lewis’ life and his most famous works.
How long is the transitional kindergarten day?
Okay, digression likely over, back to The Tale of The Tail. And the head, because there's not much else to a snake. The Tail of the Tube with Fangs.
Anal beads and a dildo pulled out of his crack
And nothing can stop it, because somehow I just know it is real. Powerfully real. Real-er than anything I know. Realer than sadness. Realer than struggles. Realer than the breakfast I’ve just eaten.
I also managed to do a shit load of stretching while wrestling with my sports bra (An evil necessity to save knocking myself out with my own chesticles)
So… ladies and gentlemen… my much belated and belabored excuse as to why you have not and will not hear from me (Ali… writing in third person was my thing until Nidhi shot it down! WAH!) for at least another two weeks is that I need to freaking learn how to love packing and much as I love blogging. HELP!
He did, in fact, FINALLY get the blue ray player on his laptop to work.
Actually, it’s not on fire, but it looks like it could be. This is a rerun, peeps. My comp is acting temperamental and needs a time out. Better that than chucking it out the window, right?
White Castle Chicken Ring
I would love for the lady who created the painting below to be with us today, and she is as much as my memories can make her sit next to me here for a while. Here’s to you I.F., and I still miss you…
How to marry well
Next there was the "me as a teacher" category.
The fix is simple, but I'm wary of how it will look. They need to insert one of those silicone sweeps all the way up the gap (like the one along the bottom of the door), and I'm thinking that will look like crap! Does anyone have that on their frameless shower door? How wide should that gap be? Mr. Go-the-Extra-Mile Contractor is going to tile the bottom part of the wall too, just to be safe.
Heat about 2 inches of oil in a pan or skillet. Toss eggplant in the flour mixture, then dip in the milk/flax mixture, then into the bread crumbs.
I just finished making this and photographed it, so I will get the recipe for this posted later today - I promise!
That stats course I took last year taught me a lot of things about university, and so did the chemistry course, despite the fact that I failed one and passed the other with a 4.0. The primary lesson they taught me was that you don’t have to be good at something going into it to come out with an A+. I’ve learned that natural talent and intelligence have very, very little to do with your grades in university. Hard work, perseverance, and motivation are everything. As someone who’s always been intelligent and who never had to study for anything to get As in high school, this was a lesson I guess I just had to learn the hard way. I’m not good at stats, and I got excellent grades in chemistry in high school... but look what happened here. I was highly motivated for one and didn’t give a shit about the other – and what do you know? That was all it took to make the tables turn.
Or I could talk about how the other morning Chris walked out of our room to see Kaelen
Budget : What will you spend the money on? Do you have matching funds, donated materials, or volunteers to cover the remaining costs?
Police were investigating, he said.
Inside, the mash tun and copper look a little lost in a corner of a hall given over mostly to huge conditioning tanks. The mash tun is attached to an ingenious device comprising a screw within a pipe, sort of like a Steel’s masher in reverse, which (I assume) propels the draff up the pipe and out of the window into the waiting bin.
A busy blessed day. I now have five more Bibles than I started out with. If you want to help in this Micah 6.8 project. Send a Bible or two to 270 C St #10 E , Chula Vista Ca 91910. An elder at the church just ordered a case of 24 for a starting point. He multiplies well. I will keep you all posted. Sheila, if you want to share this with the blog universe feel free. It would be so cool if 5000 faces could participate in sharing the Word.
Thanks everyone for joining us this month!!!!
Sometimes, I wonder if it would have made what I have to say about school more credible if I was a dropout (rise-out, opt-out...) myself, instead of a lifelong unschooler.
The thing is, I actually knew a lot of artists, and they didn't take Tacheles seriously -- not past its bar, anyway. The people who lived there seemed more provocateurs with dimly-defined politics than creators of anything serious. At one point, the city tried to normalize its status, offering, according to a long Berlin tradition of dealing with squatters which went back to the Charlottenburg squatters in 1968, for a token rent in exchange for the squatters bringing it up to fire and sanitation code. A split developed in the Tacheles crowd, with some wanting to take the city's offer, and others screaming "Art should be free! Down with the pig capitalists!" Word on the street was that the latter group involved a heroin-dealing ring tied to a larger organized-crime operation, and there were, in fact, several overdoses on the premises during this time.
And now for something that I used to love and now miss...
The ideal length of this dress should be a few inches below the knee.
Materials: Food coloring
You can also follow her on twitter at @Dida34
- Corruption
The different direction Bouwer took musically was interpreted by many as strange, and critics had much to say about selling out… and a changing, – even altered – personality. “I definitely have not changed, regarding who I am,” Bouwer argues. “The Bouwer from Straaligkinders is still the guy I am today. The fact that I have a new approach to music does not mean I changed who I am. It means that I have a different approach… there is other things I now want to write about, and get off my chest.” “People,” he continues, “need to remember -, I am a musician. This is what I do. It’s my job. So I also need to produce music that will keep me alive. I guess the irony behind this, is that I am way poorer now, with my more toned down act, than I was with Straatligkinders.”
p.s.s. Happy 19th Birthday Brett. Love you forever. You will always be my baby.
Civil society failure
Do you know what's ironic, considering brewing was abandoned at the site almost 150 years ago? It's the only brewery in Alloa of which anything remains. This is a view from the Coal Gate (South) side of the brewery:
It was good till we let it fall
I'd been searching for perfect and low fat chocolate chip cookies which are chewy but soft inside. This recipe really fits my taste. This is good for those who are egg-allergic
In Central Park, a hulking Irishman named Micheal O’Hara (Orson Welles) approaches a horse-drawn carriage where the evocative and lovely Elsa is waiting, played by the beautiful as ever Rita Hayworth. In typical noir fashion, O’Hara’s voice-over narration lets us know that Elsa is trouble and that all in all, if he knew what was coming, he would have stayed away. Like any good femme fatale, she appears to be a beautiful, innocent victim. O’Hara might have noticed how frequently Elsa puffed on cigarettes after initially claiming not to smoke.
Audibook:
Thankfully (and stop laughing at me) we make it to the bottom of that hill and whip through the rest of the track, safely making it back to the beginning.
Exhausted, drained of all energy and hope, I reached out to God for strength, not for me but for my mom. Dying of a rapidly, fatal cancer, I made a vow to my mom she would not die alone.
Lisa: No I can’t! I can’t eat any of them!
So what is this recipe doing in a book published 20 years or more before Francis Coulson invented his famed dish?
Deems them rectified.
Afterwards, Rebecca cons Sara into going back home with her by pretending to get stabbed and beat up – hilarious! – and they go to meet her parents. There we see that in another wacky twist, even though they’re her parents, they’re scared shitless of her. She also takes Sara out around the town and we see that every other kid in town is scared of her, too, even this one girl who she drew a ton of pictures of and stalked, or something, I guess...maybe. I don’t exactly know what this scene is going for, it's incredibly confused and poorly explained, but since it’s got almost no drama or weight to it, I’ll assume it’s a funny scene again just so I don't have to think too much about anything. Hallelujah for that!
Right now I'm just trying to beat my dissertation into some kind of shape!
2. Black beans later bath, alum mordanted top
Have a fabulous week (:
Our blood soaks into the stone
Main event time, Daniel Bryan, Mark Henry, and Cody Rhodes Vs Randy Orton, The Great Khali, and Sheamus.
DHG 5/4
Contest Runs From January 1st, 2012 to February 29, 2012, so get those cameras running!
Name: LUIS MARTIN CASTANON
So now, I have some other baby quilts to work on...so that one day, I hope to make at least one baby quilt for each of our future grandbabies :o)
The firm was spoofed in the film Dr. Strangelove (1964) as “The Bland Corporation.”
We also do treatments to reduce and prevent the appearance of neck phantasmal banks (turkey neck) In conjunction with your regular facials, Botox and fillers our treatments are helping your skin to help it self and make your other procedures so much more effective.
Six weeks, numerous rain delays and many checks later, I sit typing while looking out over a backyard that has about 10 square feet of grass left to go with a patio that is poured way too high (actually over the siding), has water pooling all over it (against the house despite two "fixes") and feels and looks like popcorn ceiling (I guess my idea of knockdown texture and his are two different things despite the fact that the sample looked like my version of knockdown). The fire pit is full of about 6 inches of water, the bricks are covered with patio knockdown coating. The fence is down, the yard is a huge mud pit and we have to take the dog out for walks (not fun considering he thinks he needs to go out every 10 minutes since he is used to just being able to go out back). The pool looks fine, the patio is a debacle (and probably wouldn't pass a building inspection) and my nerves are beyond frayed.
﻿﻿What exactly does that mean? (Yeah I had to read it a couple of times myself for it to sink in too). It means that sites like You Tube, Facebook, and Twitter which allow users to upload pictures, videos, etc. to their sites would essentially be breaking the law if any of those uploads contained pirated or copyrighted material and they (not the user) would be exposed to lawsuits, fines, and all the other legal troubles that come with breaking the law. This also extends to search engines, like my beloved Google, and even payment services like Paypal that would be held accountable for linking to or providing services to any of these illegal sites. Basically it makes it impossible for these sites (and a lot of others) to operate as they currently do. It would require them to either redesign their operating structure or shut down all together.
Resolution #3: I will find my best angle and pose when getting my picture taken.
I LOVE that Brent is sporting my logo tee in this picture with Tori Spelling! Good way to get my name out there honey! Donna Martin graduates! PS...she's a very sweet lady. I keep thinking of Adam from Big Brother this last season, lol!
Price: $13
single way of creating a seamless DWT, which is by maintaining updated sums of
Another vegetable salad using a unique type of rice flour based wrap; which is getting hard to find. The vegetables used are usually jicama; a crunchy and juicy one stir-fried or also known as mengkuang char/jiu hu char and then put in some tofu, fried eggs and sometimes add in sweet shrimps before placing them on romaine lettuce then rolled up with the wrap. The sweet gravy or chili paste is then added into the roll to add to the flavor.
(at least) or triple!
I also wanted to share with you a list of 104 Takoma Park residents who have added their names to our petition for this resolution. Some added their names online, but most did so the good old-fashioned way, on clipboards at the Farmer’s Market or the Takoma Metro. We anticipate collecting more in the days ahead.
In the Band, lead vocals changed from song to song and sometimes within songs, and harmonies were elaborately communal. But particularly when lyrics turned to myths and tall tales of the American South — like “The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down,” “Ophelia” and “Rag Mama Rag” — the lead went to Mr. Helm, with his Arkansas twang and a voice that could sound desperate, ornery and amused at the same time.Indeed it could.
affairs, Richard Grenell, quit his position after coming under attack by the leader of the right-wing homophobic American Family Association who called his selection a "shout-out to the homosexual lobby."
Barnaby Rudge
Because the museum is not owned by the State or Federal Parks system and therefore relies on private donations and admission fees to keep it up and running, some of the exhibits were more accessible than others (Becky Thatcher's house for example was completely closed for renovation) and others were in need of some repair and updating. However, it was very interesting to learn about Mark Twain's early life and see some of the places that inspired the novels. All weekend J and I both remarked that we needed to go back and reread The Adventures of Tom Sawyer again after everything we had read and seen!
Last night’s Festival of Unity was billed as a positive way to celebrate the area’s ethnic diversity by organisers Unite Against Fascism (UAF).
Apart from a wasted Gomez chance when he should have scored, clear opportunities dried up for both teams and the substitutions didn’t really help either. Thomas Muller for Franck Ribery saw Arjen Robben on the left and Toni Kroos to the right, but he was still the same attacking midfield role as Kroos in effect, whilst Mourinho decided to bring on like-for-like in Kaka for Di Maria with Ozil to the right, then Granero for the German, with Kaka out to the right and it was a straight swap with Benzema off for Gonzalo Higuain. The game had stifled out in extra-time, no more real chances arised and the game drifted into penalties.
So proud.
I saw it was 75 in Fargo.
That are more adequate in the age department
Oh wait... what's that I see... Oh yes, it's the blanket.
Dehumanization is one of the 8 steps of genocide.
10/28/2010 BUY 0.02 xauusd 1325.69 10/28/2010 1343.15 +34.92
"so great" i say
Pat: Don’t underestimate how hard it is to find a large audience for a self-published book, whether it’s in print or an e-book. There are more books out there than ever before, and fewer people reading them. It’s fun to read stories about people like Joe Konrath or Amanda Hocking, but most people only find a few readers for their books. If you want to find a broad audience, the traditional route of agent-to-publisher still has some big advantages. Whichever way you go, you need to write a great book. If you publish it yourself, you’re going to need a good cover and also make sure it’s well-edited, by someone who knows what they’re doing (i.e., you might have to pay them).
I made a banner! The cream ones are covered with Claudine Hellmuth sticky backed canvas- it's gorgeous stuff. They're stamped and inked with distress inks in Antique Linen and Tea Dye. The brown ones are cut from a card box. Added lace and string and buttons and I have a new decoration!
1 1/2 lb. fish fillets, any firm variety
What about the gray areas? If you have a good tax preparer, he or she can guide you through each individual area, but don’t be overly aggressive, where most reasonable people would go, “Hmmm, that’s sounds like a stretch”. And don’t be scared to take something that’s a legitimate business expense. Ask yourself, if someone reviewed this, could I reasonably defend it? Not everyone will agree (auditors come in all kinds of flavors), but is it a defensible position? And there’s not that much gray between there.
In my last post (“WhatWhenWhyHow: Artwork Analysis 4″), I mentioned I would do a post on the tragedy that befell my laptop. Here goes: IT WAS THROWN ON THE FLOOR AND THE SCREEN CRACKED!!!! Thrown, you ask? Not dropped? No…thrown. In a fit of your own rage because you hated it updating again, you ask? No…I don’t mind the updates, they keep my laptop runnin well. No…it was THROWN by someone else.
Oh, well, because this broken road
A rather splendid memorial to Sir James Deane with his three wives. He was a merchant adventurer who made a fortune in India,China and the Spice Islands. He was a very generous benefactor to the poor of all the parishes he had lived in. He died in 1608 and was survived by his third wife .
Moving on to the second part of my post. For this last month that I’ve worked on the CSA blog and spoken to friends and forwarded posts and shared them on FB, I’ve had so many people nod vehemently and then take me aside and deeply concerned, ask me, ‘Are you sure this is the right thing to do? To talk to your child about this kind of stuff? Aren’t you taking away their innocence? Filling their heads with all sorts of ideas.’
I know that I am not alone either, I am sure that many of the people I know depend on Google just like I do (I know that there are other search engines out there but c’mon, Who uses Bing by choice? No one – that’s who!). Due to the fact that you all love Google as much as I do – I have decided to do a little research and present to you..
I love you with all my heart, Jenny. I always will.
This is an altered paper shoe swap! Not a real altered shoe!!
My poor husband! Just wait 'til he finds out that I created more mess for him to deal with. This little project makes me think we need to invest in a chipper soon.
You should have a triangle with the closed long edge nearest you and the open point facing away from you.
I don't get to dress in the way I would normally dress in the UK
The only copy of the Littles that graced my bookshelf was The Littles to the Rescue purchased via Scholastic Books. It was brilliantly illustrated by Roberta Carter Clark. There are several updated versions of the cover but none better than the Scholastic cover I had as a kid:
And then, there's also tension between me, my brother and sister. (We're usually pretty good around each other, but we have our moments...) If you have siblings, I think you'll understand.
I taught Michael how to say "would you like some jalepenos? they're from our garden" and sent him out with the bag. I think they liked them.
A. Jesus loved you enough to willingly give his life.
This is how it is for me. I can sit for hours and hours, trying to come up with good ideas, but they usually doesn't flow until I sit at the computer and start typing. Then I feel like it becomes just as Leo described it. I can't tell the difference between my mind creating ideas and perceiving them. I honestly can't. They happen simultaneously, feeding off each other to form the story. It really is like discovery more than creation.
SiN3MATIC. 2009. “Classic Cedric Rant – At the Drive In – Germany (2001)” Accessed April 10, 2012. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSHeW9rLQoQ
Then a thought breaks through my mental grey like a ray of sunshine on a cloudy day, “Would you dare to let me lead you one day at a time?”
Wellesley Street
A mystery.
What Makes Robotic Surgery Better Than Conventional Means?
But i wanted to get up to try it again,
Related posts
"Nothing. Just mumbling! What's in the bag?"
The conversation was mystifying, which is standard fare with this child, though I’d like to think if my brain was not mush from weeks of sitting around with my leg up I would have caught on sooner. For the next few minutes, Christian alternated between chortling and typing furiously, with a few “YES’s” thrown in.
L'oreal:
The cantina
Taj Complete Adventitious 1
Are you in the market for replacement lawn tractor parts? Read our brief lawn tractor parts buying guide to ensure that you get the best deal possible.
First, we want to learn how to make a bow. Start with a single dot. Add a heart on either side, but put the halves of heart fairly close together so it's not too wide. Add another drop shape under each heart for the ribbon ends. Outline each shape with a mulitliner when you're done. You can make the ribbon ends either squared or rounded, it's your choice.
Stamps: Signature Greetings
Stamp the snowflake image onto white cardstock. Color with markers. Cut out circle shape using the circle die template. Cut out snowflake dies. Ink edges. Trace frames on patterned paper and trim. Adhere paper to frames. Embellish frames with ribbon. Print pictures to fit inside of frames. Secure pictures to the back of each frame. Adhere snowflakes and stamped images. Stamp sentiment onto cardstock. Cut tag shape and embellish with paper and twine. Adhere to ribbon and tie bow. Cut decorative swirls from die template and finish by adhering to frame.
(In the case of Fetching, behaviorism is never mentioned by name but is used through the dog training methods Olivia employs on her peers.)
ProElite is running a special 8 man heavyweight tournament, and Cody was officially added to the card just this afternoon. Our best wishes go out to Cody as he prepares an opportunity to jump into the MMA spotlight on HDNet.
That peace is overcoming fear in the beauty of the night.
Sterling Oil Trading and Sterling Oil Exploration have agreed a long term purchase agreement with the energy distribution businessVitol, in order to produce Nigerian Okwuiborne crude oil. This is approximately 10,000 barrels per day and expected to grow to 25,000 barrels per day by the end of 2012. The company has a license to explore and produce crude oil from four onshore blocks with a total acreage of almost 2,000 square km inNigeria.
One thing I didn’t know was that Karloff doesn’t sing the song; Thurl Ravenscroft does but isn’t credited in the special. BTW, Thurl Ravenscroft doesn’t even sound like a real name, does it? It’s more like the name of a spooky dwarf magician in a D&D novel, but it’s really his name. From birth and everything.
Stop fibbing and tell the truth. I won't get mad. Also, please arrange for a much lower temperature so I can lose the fans and AC and my husband can defrost.
Oh some fun news- I ordered my save the dates last week so they should be in sometime this coming week, I can't wait to see them!!! I guess that means I really need to get on finalizing this guest list so I can print all the address labels. Ahhhhh not enough time in the day!!
So now it's December 2010, and I'm selling 1000 ebooks a day, and I'm ready to change my mind on the matter.
Ever want to come back to some cool places you’ve ever visited but you forgot the way to get back there?
Bishop Lifting Products in Oklahoma City will be fully stocked with Crosby products as well as a fabricator of slings, such as wire rope slings, web slings, roundslings, chain slings, and Slingmax® high performance slings. The location is also equipped with a 350,000 lb. proof testing machine, laser tag etching machine for making sling tags, a pouring tower for fabricating mast raising lines, and a 20,000 lb. wire rope spooling machine.
1. Beat Cancer
All in terms of Abby seem to be going as well as they possibly could and that makes me really happy. They are starting weekly non-stress tests on us next week. I'm looking forward to the (hopefully) relief it brings.
So how can you deal with success and keep your creativity, imagination and inspiration alive? I can accompany musicians on the journey to keep your creativity alive. For that, I combine my own experience in the live music business with my knowledge of psychology and the principles developed by Julia Cameron in her book “The Artists Way”. Everything starts with the will, to take life in your own hands – especially when you are successful.
There is a piece of rubber around the horn (usually a piece of inner tube that’s been cut to size) and that is what makes the rope stick.
Yup it's me. Remember that girl that used to blog all the time and take photos of her crazy dogs??!
Some of those are still in progress. But I think the portrait (of my beautiful twin Amy) (and I can say that and not be conceited because we no longer look that identical) is finished. There are so many beautiful things around me waiting to be used for inspiration. IT'S AN INSPIRING WORLD!
3.Now add all the spices and 1 tsp of oil and fry them for 3 mins.
The look on his face tells me that the beer is actually anything BUT good. His face resembles that of a person who had to ingest barium sulfate before a medical test. If that isn't the textbook definition of "choking it down," I don't know what is.
Growing up in that neighborhood gave me a life’s lesson that I still use today. I became the idea person and created great games and accepted what I couldn’t change; the youngest status. From a position of weakness I grew strong.
This week we got a visit from last season’s winner, new (and slightly random) rivalries, more gross food-that’s-like-skin comments (yum!), and fire!
We’ll start the series in earnest next week.
OMG!!! As this post goes live, I'm having a great time in Washington state with a great group of girls, stamping in our pj's and I'm sure laughing our butts off. I promise there will be a full re-cap of the trip when I get home along with pics!!!
Self protection is a very personal decision. Sadly, for some of you that has been made for you by your governments. I happen to live in the gun toting US of A and the sale of personal firearm protection has gone through the roof! The people sense tough times are coming. There are too many stories of people being attacked by rogue mobs, thus the choice of many is to obtain a firearm.
Therefore, there is three patterns inside of the frequency pattern I found;
And just so you know, I just finished the amazing, awesome, completely brilliant and fabulous Lola and the Boy Next Door and told Katy, Jessica, and Tracey that we needed to start this blog fest ALL OVER so I could give it proper praise. Coolest nerd, quirkiest character, best parental figures, tie for best contemporary and I must must MUST add Cricket Bell to the boys I would date in high school. Seriously delightful read people. I LOVE this book!!!
"What planet is Ross Clark living on? (Thunderer "Booktrust funding is just an enormous bung for authors" 27.12.2010) One where nurseries and schools are "awash with books" and children's authors "have grown fat" on proceeds of Booktrust's bookgifting schemes is much more of a fantasy than the world he posits where there are "fountains of free soup."
41. The way you make an announcement when you’re ready to go to bed: “Bedtime!”
It depends on the way you look at it and how you bring your life experiences to the stage. I’ve been a dancer all my life, performing in front people. It felt normal to me. The interviews and platform parts were me merely bringing my life of wife (for 20 years) and mother (for 18 years) front and center, and sharing
I have no idea what they are, but when I saw ‘cyanide’, I asked my sister if it was dangerous.
MY LIFE WITH COMIC BOOKS: THE HISTORY OF A COMIC SHOP-Part 180
Generally yes, they were easy to follow, as I’ve come to expect from modern Simplicity patterns, even if I don’t agree with the construction method being explained. However, I did find the diagram and explanation of a couple of the trickiest sections of this make a bit lacking, and I was left quite confused at points and on my own to figure it out.
I may not have my membership any more but in my heart, I still am one as they can’t take that away from me.
I shut my eyes and tried to stay untouched ..promising myself not to feel a bit of what my senses has been telling me to look at..but finally when I opened my eyes ..things around me were different.. they were not like the way they appeared before .. i closed my eyes.. there was a silent zone that could be felt .. complexity had sown the seed..and now it will grow in a tree that will shadow the simplicity!
there's the more subtle affect of squash and stretch to emphasize an attitude....a character sitting down on a stool, dejected, can sound like a straighforward and static pose, but using a little extra "squash" in the drawing can make him feel like gravity is affecting him more than usual and he has an extra heavy weight on his shoulders...whatever he's depressed about, it's almost like it's physically pressing down on him. Conversely, if he has an attitude change and suddenly brightens up, you might use some stretch in your drawing to show him perking up and escaping gravity a bit. He's lighter on his toes than usual because he's suddenly thought of something that lifts his spirits - a way out of the problem that was troubling him (and squashing him down) a moment before.
Because we do not use pesticides, fertilizers, or any non-organic ‘stuff’ on our lawn, or in our flower/vegetable beds; we are treated to this site every Spring. A veritable and ever-expanding wildflower patch of multi-colored violets filling in the backyard with happy color.
I don't think I could be more pleased.
Michigan State University President Lou Anna Simon described Snyder’s budget plan as a “significant change in direction from the last decade of cuts.” The last two years, especially, were extremely hard on universities. MSU alone suffered a 15 percent decrease in funding from the state.
Sure -- under the current rigid definition, that would be a 'racist' belief because in a world of unforgiving 'equality rules' the intelligence of the black rapist, the black murderer, the black rapist is 'equal'
Or again, you may bridle – I do – at the honor of gentlemen who signed a document asserting that all men were created equal, and then went home to be served coffee by their slaves.
ブッダ：クリス・ヘッジズって人の書いた気の滅入る本。
Loki Sky and his NICU Friends
I chose the half chargrilled "Breton" chicken (corn fed chicken from Languidic in the north of France) for my main, with fries. I eschewed having any sauce with it, as the chicken if well cooked should have enough flavour to stand on its own.
They lead right out to the lake with gorgeous views!
We brave the business world and fight for power and influence. Our leather ensembles this fall remind the world that we are out to win. This fall is about strong women.
perhaps like ghosts waiting
It's quite a bizarre feeling to sit on a deck chair and stare at an endless horizon with nothing between you but the rippling waves of the deep blue sea. The silence is eerie, broken only by the rush of water against the side of the ship. It was calming for about a minute, and then I got bored and returned inside.
Processed foods: 72 Days have passed since processed foods have left my diet. Pretty much everything I eat is from scratch. I sometimes luck out and find a good organic mix, and I refuse to make my own mayo and love the mayo made with olive oil. I don’t always want to make condiments so that is an exception for me. I do sometimes, maybe not often enough but we are condiment people around here! Most of my time would be used whipping up mustard and ketchup constantly. I still let Emma have her cereal too. She is taking to most of the other food changes pretty well so I let the cereal slide. I can’t expect her eating habits and taste buds to change over night. She has been a trooper with this. Especially for being six. She has opened up to so many healthy foods she wouldn’t eat before. I am proud of her and her expanding palette.
That’s the thing about the Old Gods – however many of them are left, they’re hidden away somewhere, buried deep in the bowels of the earth or at the bottom of the sea. With the ones we’ve fought so far, C’thun and Yogg-Saron, we actually had a pretty easy time of it, since in both those cases they were contained in one location, and even then it’s hard to tell just how deeply and broadly they’d managed to take root in the surrounding area.
First of all, during the church ceremony, we are going to be doing two things specific to the way weddings are celebrated in Mexico (And Spain, and other Latin American countries). First is Las Arras, a little box of 13 gold or silver coins to be blessed by the priest and then given to the couple. J’s parents told me about this when we first got engaged and said it was for good luck and prosperity. I’m certainly not averse to either of those things and I love the little chest of coins that they found in Mexico for us. It’s like this one but in gold.The other church ritual is the Lazo, or wedding cord. It is basically a white satin rope lasoo-ed around the couple’s necks to symbolise lifetime unity and marital protection. I could only find a cheesy photo. Ours is sans flowers.
Jesus made it so clear:
I will have to reupholster chairs.
In an attempt to cheer her up, I let her eat her spaghetti (a new favorite) with her hands. Before doing so, I stripped her to her diaper b/c of a lesson I learned Tuesday:
And, more recently, I, and eyes younger than mine, have seen the pianist superstars Lang Lang, Rudolph Buchbinder, and Yundi Li perform in that same hall, and be inspired all the same.
Hour by hour the sun and the rain, the air and the rust,
I began to gather that at certain times during the night she would say different things. From 9pm to midnight I couldn’t make any sense of what she was communicating, as in how neurotic people meow like paranoid Siamese cats. From around midnight to 4am she would be more poetic. And from then on until she awoke she would be more philosophical. Apparently she had made a similar correlation, not of time but of the common themes of the postcards.
And there was an awesome looking dog.
the jewish guilt-trip
And the surveillance? The new overlord – the developer – protects his client vassals (while they can afford the mortgage for the dream) with 24/7 cctv. Like archers at the stone window slots, this operates to keep the outsiders outside, to give the almost gated community that feeling of security they would have had when they saw the king’s men line up, well armed and ready to fire on raider or starving peasant alike. Those who profit the most get to protect their investment with the best arms, whether that be crossbows or video cameras backed up by the police and the law. Someone at the top always enjoy the best pickings and someone below – servant class and peasant both near and far, as well as otter and songbird and beast of burden – always struggles more just to survive. The empty ghost estates reveal the shadow of this play of domination just as the crumbling ruins do. And while the people suffer unnecessarily under the yoke of cruelly selfish leadership, so too does the land, which is denuded by the pressure to produce more in lean times.
Are you an engineer? JESUS wants you to fix the grudges of those around you.
Motor Skills:
As I mentioned in my previous post, you are said to be able to call upon a spiritual being in the astral plane. These can teach you things to help you on your work upon yourself for example. Examples of spiritual beings that I have heard that you can call on in the astral plane is: Yeshua Ben Pandira (Jesus), Buddha, Samael Aun Weor, Rabolu, Belsebuub, etc. It needs to be individuals who have a spiritual part incarnated within them which is called the Master or Atman. This part is incarnated at the end of the first mountain, and it has its own unique name. The given examples above are the names of the Masters of the individuals.
But the public record is crystal clear- Whitney started going off the rails when she married Brown and went off the deep end when Crawford departed her life in 2000. How ironic that professions of bisexuality --real or (mostly) imagined-- are essentially a prerequisite for today's new pop stars like Nicki Minaj.
I've just returned home and am completely on Cloud 9 because my skin is in great condition. All other cancer screenings this year have provided good results. This dermo appointment was the last of my cancer screenings for 2011.
Being critical of other parents was easy before I became one. I can understand why other parents say, feel and do certain things now. I used to silently judge them, but as much as I don't want to admit this, it was because I didn't understand.
people in their 20s to 53.4% of people in their 60s
24And when they had made those kings come out to Joshua, Joshua sent for all the men of Israel, and said to the chiefs of the men of war who had gone with him, Come near and put your feet on the necks of these kings. So they came near and put their feet on their necks.
“Not theologically useful” — that’s saying the Bible is not theologically useful. And is it any surprise that the very next paragraph has this to say:
Membership is aimed at those who live in Southwark or Lambeth.
And a sweet excuse to snuggle up on the couch with my lanky boy.
A few pictures of the sun setting last night..Never look at the sun. I just aimed my camera and push the button. Pretty neat, I think..
Guys! I have exciting news! I have some big auditions coming up! And we're finishing the music video this weekend! And I'm using a lot of exclamation marks!
They walk in heaven
Arriving back after an emotionally and physically exhausting few weeks was very hard and we hit the ground running. It was a tough term at school for all of us. Surreal too after what had happened. Occasionally dipping into probatesc paperwork and dipping out all too swiftly.
That love run through each breath and reaching vein
D is for dental decay and decline.
‘He was in shock.’
Chicken, Penne, & Veggies in a Garlic Cream Sauce
Not to big of a problem though, I've yet to have had it fall off on it's own.
like that june almost always has marker on her face and food around her lips.
Who hopes for a rainy day? A drizzle ruins my hairdo, wrecks my plans, and slows down my drive. I prefer cerulean skies and a few marshmallow clouds to lessen the sun’s intensity. Other than an occasional stroll around the neighborhood, I don’t spend much time outdoors. But, it’s inconvenient when showers dampen my shoes on the way into the store.
An Easter Egg should always bulge
I even don’t mind if you sell your work for personal profit, why would I? Its your work. Just don’t sell the pattern. Feel free to pass it on to fellow crafters. I am especially glad to have you use them to raise charity funds.
The final story is the cover feature, and it's a doozy. Lisa and Amy have been friends since they were kids, but Lisa starts to realize that the boys are interested in her buddy:
CoM: Do you expect the course might evolve into generic smartphone photography?
In general, it's been a good year in 2011, and I am looking forward for 2012... I don't know if the world will come to an end in 2012, however I will do my part in saving it... My resolution for 2012 are to have more home cook food (so I ta pao to work), and to also bring Princess for a holiday which we will travel by plane.. somewhere that we need to fly!
Windows fogged now.
But your joy is quickly crushed. Instead of relieving you of your burden he says, “I told you I was coming right back. But I need to run one more quick errand. If you’ll keep holding the rock, I’ll make it up to you when I return.” Once again, you trust that what you’re told is true. If your friend needs to run one more errand before relieving you that is just the way it is. So you agree. As he turns to go you can’t help but yell out, “Please hurry.” Off your friend goes and there you stand.
Annabelle has been suffering from a stomach bug today, but she was still so anxious to open the box despite her aching tummy. She didn't want to wait!
May we tread rejoicingly.
a dryer, you will need wrinkle-free, quick dry clothes. Buy socks that are not 100% cotton, not only do they dry overnight, they keep
wash by to when there was
Even though Mikeneko Holmes is a less consistent drama, it’s ratings seem to be remarkably steady. I haven’t watched the latest episode yet, so I don’t know how the introduction of Kichise Michiko turned out, but the teaser from the end of the last episode hasn’t done much to push the rating around.
I longingly stare at the plate of chocolate chip cookies before me. Ooey, gooey goodness. Homemade. From scratch. Still warm from the oven. Calling to me. Beckoning me. Tempting me. I shove the plate away from me, stand up, and grab a banana from the fruit bowl instead. Chocolate chip cookie it ain't, that's for sure. But there's a part of me that is more fulfilled for choosing that banana. The cookies (yes, "-ies": ya' really think I'd only eat one??) would have satisfied for the period of time it would have taken to put them into my mouth, chew them up, and swallow them. Then, the guilt would set in. Almost immediately. "What have I done? I just compromised all that work I did yesterday! I am such a failure."
2. Heavy Hefe, an extract pseudo-Weizenbock by Dave Juart
Here we get another family tree, this as dry and female-less as the last one. Here we see the lifespan of man (or at least these named men), dramatically decreasing when compared to their ancestors. It may be that after the flood life and the local environment wasn’t as friendly for humanity, or that God, following up on his proclamation in Genesis 6:3:
Well, it's it for now....ohhhh, I do have one more thing to tell you all. After my state boards last Monday, I headed to the twin cities to spend some time with my sister and nephew and also to reward myself for finishing school and state boards by buying a new Mac computer. My Dell got a virus last April and I have spent way too much time and way too much money trying to get rid of it, sooooo I finally junked it and moved on. I LOVE my new Mac....still learning how to get around on it, but it is not that hard. I am also excited because I can finally Skype with my daughter Alyssa who is teaching English in South Korea. I miss her so much!!!!
ISBN-13: 978-0765328984
The story inside the story is extremely sad and at times can make you angry at how selfish human beings can be. But again, it is a retelling of another story, A Christmas Carol, a story of a stained and tarnished life and the redemption of the spirit. Does it happen? Can a selfish, egotistical, holier-than-thou- SOB change? I don’t know, but TSO makes you believe that with the right amount of magic and timing, because timing is everything, a person can change who and how they are in a night.
The student council is now basically an actual government within the school and then most of the rest of the episode is spent setting up a school-fucking-festival because this show just had to work one in there and the highlight of it is Inori giving a performance because HURR SHE’S AN IDOL.
Prague does not seem to mind closing down a block or two of streets to car traffic, except those vehicles needed to service the local buildings. On these blocks, tramlines along with room for pedestrian traffic brings forth crowds of people walking, eating at streetside cafés, and shopping. Traffic jams happen at lunchtime and in the evenings. Cycling is slowly undertaken by weaving through crowds on very rough cobblestone surfaces, as if it were a ballet on wheels.
Congressional debate
NOTE: That in the ages to come he might shew the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus. Ephesians 2:7
The case is being managed by Managing Judge of the Kuala Lumpur High Court Commercial Division Tan Sri Md Raus Sharif, who is also a Federal Court Judge.
have Indians at the price they sell at Rhode Island or elsewhere. All under five
Started when "Karen, Rosebie and Tim met up and soon realised that they all share the same passion; to bring natural, scented, fresh garden roses, perfumed flowers, cut herbs, and seasonal foliage back to a market that had lost touch with the beauty of real flowers."
The point of this post is not how much we do (or not do) or how I feel taken advantage of (well, kind of), but what happened next. My wonderful husband talked me out of a freak out. He told me that, despite what may be the end result, I was helping someone. And that I need to remember this. Then, as we were saying family prayers later, he prayed that the person that came to our door was a good person.
Yes, the life of a university student is rather daunting at times, which is why it’s so nice to have a moment to pause, take a breath, check my blog stats, and realise…
Jordan called the attacks, which were all on black individuals, vicious and cowardly and said the Tulsa Police Department is going to do whatever it takes to apprehend anyone involved.
One, Duke and I came to an agreement concerning who got to pick the direction we travel (hint: not him). And two, I actually got to head out on a trail ride. Woot!
Matthew 4:12-16 reports that Jesus’ move from Nazareth to Capernaum fulfilled this prophecy. Capernaum was in Naphtali near the Via Maris.
This is quite different from Hindus saying that their Gods and Goddesses are manifestations of the Infinite Divinity (Satchidananda). This is also the important reason why Hindus should not confuse Monism (Satchidananda) with Monotheism.
I looked at the list all day yesterday. It was so beautiful.
About the Prices
So let us love, dear love, like as we ought;
How I actually learned to write, the mechanics of it, grammar and sentence structure and all that, I have no real memories. I simply knew, I suppose, from reading so very many novels and poems! I've never been *taught* how to write in my life. Not one lesson from my mother. Yet I obviously learned...
Happy travelling and part two of ' travelling to provence' to follow... xv
The dress is a recent purchase from good ol' primark for 6 quid which I couldn't say no to and they also had 1 left on the rail and it was my size so it was fate. It'll be a really lovely dress for summer! decided to layer it up with my new jumper as well. Still couldn't break the van habit but I just love them too much as you can tell from the battered state mine are in.
As it turns out, the Promenade is singular, not only in the panorama it provides, but in its engineering. It is cantilevered over a busy motorway — the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway. Finding out how exactly this unique structure came to be has been a pet research project of Henrik Krogius, longtime editor of the Brooklyn Heights Press & Cobble Hill News, a sister publication of the Brooklyn Eagle.
Second, Catholic leaders threaten nothing whatsoever. They simply declare what has been from time immemorial the teaching of the Church. Should you choose to dissent from these teachings in a fundamental and public matter, you have excommunicated yourself from the Church. You have taken the step to leave. It isn't the declaration of a Priest, Bishop, Cardinal, or even the Pope himself--it is your own declaration--no one else need say it. And having made that statement, why on earth would you think yourself entitled to rejoin on your own terms?
Next thing I know, the sun is going down. I must’ve fallen asleep. They’re still gone. I whine, but there’s no “Shhh!” Not even a “NO!” I try a few barks. Nothing. I settle down. I’ll try again in awhile.
Michelle here. I am excited to share with you another project I made with the Be Amazing kit and add-on. I think this is my favorite kit yet!! I just love the soft, calming color palette. It has fit so well with some family photos that I have scrapped thus far.
I can name this aching Admiration
Sorry I don’t have more pics, honestly this gotten eaten up so quickly I didn’t have the chance. I think I am actually making this again next week for some of my co-workers birthdays!!
What started this? He got pulled over for DUI. His feelings are hurt and he is now seeking a way to excuse his behavior by blaming others.
On, Comet! on Cupid! on, Donder and Blitzen!
To oversimplify, I fear that MLS brass see the NFL as the most successful American sports league, and as such seek to copy what the NFL is doing. This has been noted in light of the new unbalanced schedule, but in some cases it also seems that MLS is trying to either co-opt NFL fans, or produce an environment that mimics the NFL and attracts NFL-like fans. So, maybe it’s only natural that MLS execs are wooing NFL-like fans, or rather who they perceive NFL-like fans to be? Maybe this is the source of the anti-gay, sexist, overly-macho attitude evident through the above-discussed behavior?
"Come to Akita, Come to Tohoku!"
In humble service and adoration of the King – Jesus – The Lion of the tribe of Judah.
* Eat something unhealthy AND enjoy it without self-criticism or guilt
So, suitcases packed, work dealt with, we depart. I apologise if I don't respond to your comments (assuming anyone actually reads this drivel) but I cannot 'auto-respond' to them. I had to create one of those for my work e-mail doofer and it reads like this:-
Heat oil, do the popu/tadka. Fry onions till glossy. Add green chillies, ginger-garlic paste and fry for 2 minutes.
Yahya related to me from Malik from Thawr ibn Zayd ad-Dili from ‘Abdullah ibn ‘Abbas that the messenger of Allah, may Allah bless him and grant him peace, once mentioned Ramadan and said, “Do not start the fast or break it until you see the new moon. If the new moon is obscured from you, then complete a full thirty days.” (Al-Muwatta of Imam Malik ibn Anas)
The Spanish Speaking Pileños
Someday soon I'll fade into a broken place like you've been telling me
This is akin to restricting your exercise to one-arm pushups in order to excel at fighting with one hand behind your back.
Paolo has been staying in Puri since 19 years and is associated with a private tour agency, Odisha Adventure Trekking. He speaks decent Odia, police sources said. “Paolo has been frequently taking foreigners on trekking trips to Kandhamal and other areas in Odisha. We are doing whatever best can be done to ensure safe and quick release of the tourists,” said DGP Mannmohan Praharaj.
Your shepherd's rod and staff protect me.
Comics have been a constant companion to me, right from an early age, yet until I discovered Harvey I never considered it was something I could do. I can't write a superhero story, a horror yarn or a futuristic novel... but i can write about the stuff that I see and the things that happen in my life (in fact, I'm pretty certain I'm the best qualified to do it!!). However, like Harvey, I can't draw either, and I don't know Robert Crumb (or any budding Robert Crumb's!), so all my ideas for comic strips have remained just that... until now! Recently I discovered some software to create comics. It certainly has its limitations (not least the fact that you can only do a maximum of three panels, and the small amount of characters you can fit into those panels), but I've been squeezing a few of my ideas into this package to see what happens.
Issue #2 introduces a familiar face to the series, the editor-in-chief of the company, Stan Lee. The cover is penciled by Timely's art director Syd Shores. Shores spent the majority of the 1940's as Timely's primary Captain America artist. His history on the character began when he inked the cover to issue #1. He then assisted on miscellaneous issues during the initial Simon and Kirby 10 issue run before becoming Al Avison's inker when S&K departed for National. When Avison moved on, Shores took over the feature completely and held it, save for time in the service, for most of the golden-age run, although a score of other artists continued to also drawing Cap's scattered adventures in several titles.
The site thank.com offers thank-you cards, notes, letters and gifts. They include convenient templates – for example, the proper way to express appreciation for a recent job interview, where you simply print out a sheet and hope that your potential boss’s name is “Mr. or Mrs. Blank.” They offer other sample letters as well, though this part of the site was temporarily unavailable when I tried to look (thanks for nothing). You can also order funeral cards and memorial plaques from thank.com, though I’ve always thought it a little impolite to thank someone for dying.
This isn't my golf cart....since having kids I can count the number of times I have golfed on one hand! But, I do know these clients "very well" and they now have their own custom designed, personalized golf cart!
(This is based on the fact, sad but true, that my 10-year-old goddaughter is getting the same gift from her parents.)
…THERE IS A SLGT RISK OF SVR TSTMS PORTIONS OF THE SRN PLAINS…
This session aims to inspire youth as well as teach them ways of capitalising on their talents and how to be responsible in business.
Ted sighs, "Yes I am speaking to Jay about your new package."
Like a good friend of mine says – everything is a weapon.
Friends and foe,
The butchering crew is working steadily on cleaning the hair off the pig's skin. I'll explain how they do this, with pictures, later.
She is one of my number supporters of Violet Bella, here are just 3 shots of so many that I have of her in my clothes!!!
Combating Online Piracy while Protecting an Open and Innovative Internet
The Air I Breathe was rubbish, extremely depressing and took ninety minutes to say something it could have done in 20.
So there's the update for now . . . . :)
But in the end, I'm just not one of those girls. I value honesty too much. And I guess, as much as I want a boy, I don't care about relationships enough. I refuse to waste my time worrying about shit that doesn't matter in order to catch a boy. I don't want a boy who wants me who wants me for who I am when I play the game, anyway.
So, I’m not blogging nearly as much but I’m doing a lot of other things to better myself, which is good. I do miss the blogging, though. I figure I’ll get back into it a bit more once I’m not scouring the internet in every free moment for job advice, job postings, and random things about copy editing.
But ANYWAY, as far as YOU go, Aimee (OH NO, look out, AIMEE is pissed at me – watch out or she might write an angsty mid-tempo acoustic guitar ballad about me and take me down a few pegs with her bitter understated irony!), you go right on ahead and find yourself a nice comfy place down in Razor Hill. Keep an eye on the kids down there while you’re at it, that should be a job you can stay on top of no problem. In the meantime we orcs and tauren will take care of the real job of defending Orgrimmar, Corpsey McBoneyknees.
Well, that's about it for now. Please keep giving me your suggestions. I haven't had many more. So get on with it, people!
Manner #3 Do not interrupt grown-ups who are speaking with each other unless there is an emergency. They will notice you and respond when they are finished talking.
My dear, DEAR friend watched our kids while we went to Pappasito's for dinner and then played at Dave & Busters. Then, she was gracious enough to have the kids stay the rest of the night for a slumber party while Rick and I had our own slumber party at a downtown hotel. Thank you again, Lachelle. I'd hug you but you won't let me touch you. ;)
Indian Omelet
Each paper was quoted by the Austria born Canadian guitarist, Norbert Kraft to Paulino Bernabe guitar brand.
So speculating based on who we imagine our daughter’s birth mother to be, or what struggles she might have faced, or how she might have loved our daughter, well… I just can’t go there. I can’t assume to know the mind of a woman so unlike me on so many levels. I’m spoiled. I’m rich (relatively speaking, of course). I’m well-educated. I’m an American. And insanely blessed to be living in a country that values women as much as it does men.
Of course, it could be countered that there are cases in which the student cannot be reasonably held accountable for the reaction of others. To use the obvious analogy to free speech, if a student says something that annoys, offends or otherwise bothers other students, this does not automatically entail that the student should be compelled to be silent. For example, if a student presents an argument in favor of God’s existence that really annoys some atheists in a religion class, it would hardly be right to silence the student because of this.
JM: How did these communities manage to resist the incursion of both the Aztec Empire and the Spanish?
Hello starshine! Today I had school from 08.00 to 16.05. Yeahh really nice. After school I saw my lovely friend Venla. She had just come bach from a crrrazzyy cruise with her fellow students, and she was very jaded. Not including Venla, nothing incredibly fantastic happened today. And I've only slept for like three hours and am about to border on the line of lunatic instead of just incredibly sleepy. Really enjoyable. Plus I'm a bit heartbroken.
What follows is a list of publicly available manuals, instructions, regulations, laws and policies applicable to overseas Americans who go missing while working under contract for US government agencies. If links go bad, use a search engine like google to find updated information about the publication you seek.
Skirt: Meijer, $16.00
proactive/self-motivated working style with strong personal ownership of problem resolution
I am of course talking about London and New York. I recently went back to London (Mainly because I Love London) and I was about to take a walk from my hostel to a bookstore. I asked the reception where the closest bookstore is and they both answered:
She is also my Padawan.
I used a Moments in Time (Little Friends) Flower Soft card topper for my challenge card. I I added extra shading by sponging brown ink and added Polar White Flower Soft for my snow and Ivory Flower Soft to the girl's hat.
What difference does that make you ask. Again Simple..... they call it the grey area for a teen. If he were 16 I could enforce rules upon him. If he was 18 I could kick him out. But no, he is 17 and at 17 you can:
812111 Barber shops
I first came across the work of Piet Boon and his design studio when I bought one of his monographs, Piet Boon 2 (which features what must be the most beautiful cover of any architecture or design book ever published). The project inside were imbued with a quiet elegance and understated sophistication, and yet they had a polished drama as well. In a word, they were soigné. Then I discovered that Mr Boon started his career as a carpenter. What an arc, to go from chippie to world-renowned design star! Now his busy studio not only designs architecture and interiors for residential and commercial clients, it also produces furniture and products for the likes of Dutch manufacturer Moooi. (Another great brand.) I was so impressed that I asked him if I could feature his work in a book I was editing at the time, called Design in Black and White. He couldn't have been more gracious.
Boulder Beer / Wilderness Pub Buffalo Gold Premium Ale
How crooked and mean I am, that I forget the power who has created this beautiful human body and given it to me. I fill my stomach daily and think only about my sensual pleasures as the pigs of the city do. Oh my Lord, can there be any shelter for a mean man like myself? I even stay away from the followers of the Supremest Lord, and serve those persons that are away from Him.
Because 30 seconds is usually all it takes, and I'm not talking about that "oh, you just know" instinct that buyers harp on about. I mean literally: you walk through the door and within 20 seconds you've seen the living room, kitchen, bathroom and two bedrooms of wildly varying proportions, which leaves another few seconds to pause and take in the damp using only your nose.
The most wonderful thing about the House of Blues in Boston–is that there is a restaurant attached. Why,do you ask, is this the best thing? Three words: Pass the Line.
She is long, has the cutest asian eyes, and is loved by so many people already.
Quite remarkably pale and clean to look at.
GINGRICH: I’ll tell you what…
First up we notice another step up in the cover art.
Since I’ve been limiting myself to sweets once per week (or at least trying really, really hard!) I’ve been very carefully selecting what to make for my cheat day.
Merhaba from Ankara :D
CFO Anthony Balasco states, "I never understood why 8 inch KISS action figures were not produced back in the 1970's when The Mego Toy Company had already released the 12 inch versions. Our first release will have the retro look from the 1970's, but future releases will cover all time periods in KISS's 40 year musical career from 1972 to 2012". Look for special exclusives and limited edition releases. Collectors will be able to find these at toy stores, comic shops, music stores and on-line retailers starting in March 2012.
The song based on this passage captures the spirit so well. It is beautiful when sung and resonates with the human spirit. Even though the psalmist is suffering in his spirit, and maybe even in his body, he remembers his relationship with God, and based upon that relationship he appeals to him for help. The following verses of the song build upon that relationship.
Young Ho pulls up to Tan Ya’s place and starts yelling for her like he’s Stanley yelling for his Stella. She greets him and surprised that he really came. He needs her help and she asks how. It makes him growl and she meows in response. Haha, I love Tan Ya with Gwan Woo but I can’t help but find that these two are cute together in their own right.
Now that you're waiting for the dough to rise, it's a good time to start on the sauce.
*Whilst there are no spoilers of Insurgent, they may be spoilers for Divergent.
But it isn't easy to pass for human. Especially not around Zeke, who might see past the monster inside her. And Allie soon must decide
(Oh She Glows is my new favorite website. Her recipes look really tasty and not too scary.)
It’s Grandparents too.
In the Armenian areas of Anatolia, the Ottomans gave orders for all weapons to be collected `for the war effort'. The Armenians complied, and were left helpless.
Blame it on me
On Friday, May 27, Report 11090: Secondary School Boundary Changes – Oakville Secondary Schools was released. In this report are Director Euale’s recommendations to the Board regarding the attendance boundaries for the new northwest Oakville high school opening in September 2012. These changes will affect grade 9 to 12 students in Ward 4 who would otherwise attend Abbey Park, T.A. Blakelock or White Oaks.
Yes, I am very aware of the irony of teaching my daughter to associate Winter primarily with snow, when we live in Western Australia (where it has literally never snowed at ground level. Very rarely we may get a tiny bit on our highest mountains, and it melts virtually immediately). But the thing is, snow is so much easier to represent with food than rain is, and I was feeling lazy. We did talk about the fact that we don't get snow here.
The popular English-French cooking school, La Cuisine Paris has received a lot of buzz. Prominent Paris bloggers have taken and written about their classes and after reading positive reviews of their experiences, this seemed to be the perfect place for my first French cooking class. Situated on the right-bank, along the Seine right near Hotel de Ville, La Cuisine Paris is a lovely space where you feel quite Parisian while there.
Grip – To get your right elbow in the proper position during your swing, grip your left wrist with your right hand from underneath. Doing this will help you maintain more width and extension, as well as enlarging your swing circle and ascending angle to get more club head speed and start seeing the golf ball go higher and farther.
Super Junior‘s Leeteuk has also become a fan of IU.
And before I knew it, there were all of these amazing things to be thankful for…
yep, every ball that makes up my life is back in the air.
One of the biggest downsides to becoming an adult (along with worsening hangovers and the slow, inexorable crawl towards death) is dealing with service providers. I know this because I used to work for one, and because I have spent the last two weeks on the phone to Eircom.
2. Mix ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until thoroughly blended. Set aside.
"A little neglect may breed mischief ...
Boardwalks dead
I love the "keep calm" poster pictured above. It seriously paints the picture of life as I know it in my house. We are always in a flurry of activity, it's always noisy and I mean always. I often have to shout just to get the attention of my kids. We may not be a "calm" house, but we are a household filled with love and fun and I wouldn't have it any other way.
Our sponsors for this week are
Studies of the 1945 atomic bombing at Hiroshima and Nagasaki show that 100 percent of victims whose bodies were exposed to 600,000 millirems (6,000 mSv) died from radiation. About 50 percent of victims who received 450,000 millirems (4,500 mSv) of radiation also died.
I just got off the phone with a friend who is like that for me and I hope
The green one?!
Next came some flowers, butterflies and some dots for good measure (are seeing a pattern here...or should I say are you getting tired of seeing a pattern here??!!). Just a few more Mother's Day cards to go so hang in there...they will come to an end sooner than later :)
It's close to 70 degrees here with blue skies and balmy breezes. It seems ridiculous to write about winter but I wrote the piece last week and didn't have time to publish it. So, whatever the weather, I'm going to post it, darn it!
I thought it was funny because I had just read a blog on positivelypostive.com about the importance of savoring (you can read it here Why More Money Probably Won't Make you Happier, And what Will ) To sum it up, it pretty much said that it is proven that wealthier people aren't necessarily happier people because they lose the ability to savor things in life. Going out to a fancy dinner and getting all dolled up isn't very special if you do it every week. Getting that new dress you've wanted isn't very awesome when you have all the money in the world to buy it, and when you've spent $300 dollars on it.
14. Copy of Current Business Licenses 31-33
The teacher DID NOT GET FIRED. The aide was dismissed, but the teacher was moved to another school. Case closed.
Days passed by, one day early in the evening she heard the announcement of free medical camp which is going to be conducted in her village. After hearing this news, she was quiet happy and she eagerly start waiting for that day. The day came when Kanakamma attended the Operation Blessings India camp. There she was examined to OB doctor for her problems. They advised to do some lab tests for checking her diabetes (blood sugar). After the test, she came to know that she was suffering with diabetes. Her blood sugar reading is 200 mg/dl. Then she consulted the doctor again and he prescribed necessary medicines for her. Operation Blessing India Counselor advised and counseled her about diabetic. They advised precautions and the diet which she has to take.
Please take your winners badge from our side bar. :)
So, I would love some advice on this sweater. I got for a pretty decent discount on Anthropologie.com a while back but I haven't worn it yet, because I'm really not sure if I like the way it looks on me.
Thus, when they tell us we may move forward and develop multicultural curriculum it feels like we are being set-up to fail. The district has been caught in so much double speak and contradictory language they have no idea how to move forward, and we have no confidence in trusting them as they give advice. As I have mentioned in other interviews I do not feel safe teaching The Tempest or "Beyond Vietnam" by Dr. King as I normally have for years since it is clear that the district wants us to not only abandon the history and culture of Mexican Americans, but also the curriculum and pedagogy developed by Mexican American teachers. The only safe route appears for us to flee from any history or voices of color, authors that echo the themes that we had used in the past, and embrace curriculum that does not venture down those pathways. In other words, for my colleagues and I we must step back in the time machine to Pleasantville.
07 Sister Disco (5:03)
And my favorite, about the time one of our students who has autism
This is the second time Goodby has appeared in an episode of C’MON WHITE MAN! The first honor came after he named former Adweek columnist Barbara Lippert as his firm’s “curator of popular culture”—a fairly blatant mercy hire with a touch of cronyism. Yep, White buddies receive cushy jobs at a premier ad agency, while Black kids win partial scholarships to the land of bikini-clad Blondes.
-Fisker’s top investors include Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, a veteran Silicon Valley venture-capital firm of which Gore is a partner. Employees of KPCB have donated more than $2.2 million to political campaigns, mostly for Democrats, including President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a nonpartisan group that tracks campaign contributions.
So why is it that so many people don’t trust the police? Why is it that so many people are afraid of the police? Well, I think that we as citizens fail to recognize that police look at the world from a completely different perspective. On-duty police (and even many off-duty police) look at the world and see potential criminals. If someone is doing something they deem to be out of the ordinary, they think there is justification for investigation. But what is “out of ordinary”? I supposed that depends on the individual officer, and therein lies the central problem. Sure, I think it’s important for officers to use intuition to monitor someone they believes is up to no good.
Besides political activism and charity activities,
58. Children laugh about 400 times a day, while adults laugh on average only 15 times a day.
Morning, not even sure as to what day of the week were on - well I am as Amelia is back at school but I have so lost track with the party(s) over the weekend!!
We have additional meetings planned out for March 23rd during which we will hold NAFA elections and attend the Denver Auto Show held at the convention center. The meeting will be hosted at the University of Colorado- Denver campus TBA. If you desire to get more involved in NAFA please be sure to notify Art Hale (Art.Hale@state.co.us) the Nominating Committee chair. All positions are open for nominations. Also be sure to attend the meeting as well will have national auto manufactures in attendance providing the most current information on the latest and upcoming technologies.
If that wasn’t bad enough, she makes a pack-rat like ME look like a freaking Buddhist monk!
Before I go too far... let me preface this by acknowledging that there are better (read: more professional) ways to do this. Any legit woodworker would probably laugh at my method, but it was all I could do with my limited tools.
Mr Whyte has been condemned by a Sheriff for giving evidence described as “wholly unreliable”. His company has been forced into administration. It appears that, since taking over less than one year ago, a further £15 million in outstanding tax liabilities has been accrued. He has been seen either to have been incorrect in statements he has made, or else has said things which turn out to be the opposite of the truth. He has been revealed as being listed under different names in the Companies House Register, and with differing dates of birth.
Here are the incredible creations from our Design Team:
Sorry to prick your bubble, burst your balloon, piss on your parade and any other well worn simile you care to fling at it.
LA: I wish that I looked good in hats, but sadly I look horrible in them. I even look bad in most baseball caps. This is doubly tragic given that I shave my head and frequently need sun-protection. I have found one baseball cap that I don't look utterly goofy in, and that's it. But I did have a huge hat collection at one time, which included cowboy hats, a Trilby of the style worn by Inspector Clouseau, and, of course, a Deerstalker (though Holmes never actually wore one). But I've a question for you - before the Batman: The Animated series cartoon reconciled them into one person, which of the two Mad Hatter villains was your favorite - Jervis Tetch or the red haired "imposter" from the 1980s?
We later talked about what that experience was like for everyone. Most people discovered that it was a little scarrier than they thought or how it looked. Several were proud of themselves for accomplishing the task without much trouble. Some were glad they at least tried. Overall I think their sentiments were the same as mine after I had done it...when asked if we should do it again with a group next year they mostly voted "no" -- been there, done that, don't want to do it again. One student made a statement that really stuck with me. She said, "The hardest part was letting go of the pole once you reached the top."
Him: Sits on the garage steps and continues to watch me.
If you don’t step up
Anything else that one might be looking for on the: Careers, TTC by-laws, etc. can still be there, just not as boldly displayed. These are the kinds of information that people will look for. The main areas indicated are the ones that people want quick access to.
I took my first gravity reading Thurs. night and it came in at 1.022. Tasty Brew's calculator's estimated 1.014 for the FG. Still a ways to go it looks like. I plan to take another reading today and see where we stand. If the reading is still the same I may have to stir up the yeasties to see if I can get some more activity out of them. With the last batch, I had a reading of 1.022 three days straight and I thought fermentation was complete, and when I transferred to secondary, fermentation kicked off again dropping it to 1.012. My guess is that we're not done yet, but we'll see!
Filling out papers for my first field internship starting this fall at Baylor! The first year is more generalist practice, and second is specific to what area of social work you want to go into. I'm likely heading towards physical/mental health, particularly with kids and/or military families.
i also used a pretty large stitch so it would go faster and not use as much thread.
Anyways, to move on, rather abruptly...
Tristan set down his pack and rested his precious lute on the bench the gatekeeper hauled near. He looked around himself as he removed his sodden cloak and spread it over the bench to dry. The hall was a strange mixture of opulence and squalor. Rich tapestries hung from the walls, but they were dark with years of soot from the smoking hearth. Elaborately carved wooden pillars, thick as the trunks of ancient trees, held up the high, smoke-blackened, heavy-beamed roof far above him. Where most halls were draped and decked with yuletide greenery this time of year: mistletoe, ivy and holly, this hall lacked any sign of the coming celebration of Christ’s birth. Torches blazed along the soot-stained walls.
Note: It is very hard to fix bleeding reds with the colorless blender! You are more likely to create a bigger mess.
The Story of the Atlanta Food and Wine Festival Dominique Love and Elizabeth Feichter, co-owners of Corporate Community Outsourcing, a consulting firm that helps corporations and nonprofits maximize their community impact, have each had a life-long love of all things culinary. And in later years (let’s say after achieving legal drinking age), a love for all things wine, beer and cocktail. In 2006, their passion for community intersected their culinary passions when FOOD & WINE engaged the duo to design a national charitable campaign to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the magazine’s FOOD & WINE Classic in Aspen. The result was the creation of the Grow for Good campaign and several visits to the Classic in Aspen to manage the program.
A Jacksonville dentist is in jail, accused of trading prescriptions for crack cocaine.
Set a flat tax. Wipe out all exemptions, incentives and special favors for everybody, across the board, and call off the regulatory hounds that only the rich can afford to keep at bay. Burn down the Code of Federal Regulations and restore the rule of law so that the law is understandable by all and applicable to all.
Ginger garlic paste - 1/ tsp
Community Councils are the foundation stone of the democratic process, the fact that so many community councillors are selected without election makes a farce of local democracy.
Pierce’s character is very kind. She always thinks of others first, which is what drives John, the stranger, to her in the beginning. She seems so down to earth, dealing with what happened to her and with a strange man that follows her around.
Then hubby suggested I take the mirror out so that it stops getting dirty. Although I wasn't too worried because the grout and paint are water soluble and wipe right off.
the mirror. “Yesterday, I was
A gent of good intent
The cherry turned out excellent as well! I made two batches of just cherry jam, then decided to experiment....
My dear friend Amy is amazing. She is a world cup skeleton racer, lives her dream and steps into her courage on the world stage. Can you say WOW?? My family and friends who love me through all my ups and downs – they inspire me to be loyal and true.
The bees sough, graze flower tongues and meet their Queen,
I saw the omnipotent’s flaming pioneers
To make a long story shorter, I tried on the asics and they were nice and actually I liked them more than the NB. Then he asked to see my current shoe and was confused for a bit until he realized the style I had. “These are for major over pronation, which you don’t have, these are not good shoes for you. Do you get shin splints?” My jaw wanted to hit the floor. He went on to tell me why they were bad shoes for me by pointing out the style and the core and other fancy things, but I was still stuck on the fact that they weren’t right for me! No wonder I hated them!
by Ashley Rawls on Wednesday, January 26, 2011 at 6:27pm
Patience, Form, Flow and Grace today dear reader. Have fun and ENJOY!!!
A few months ago President Hamid Karzai had announced to convene the traditional Loya Jirga to discussing the current situation in Afghanistan and deciding on strategic ties with the US.
“For I will restore health unto thee, and I will heal thee of thy wounds, saith the Lord” (Jeremiah 30:17)
Who thinks we've had enough healthy stuff around here??
Her altruism was more than I could handle. “Look, I don’t care about all the people with sick kids. I don’t care about prisoners who want to make up for their crimes. I don’t care about protesters or the politicians who’ve found a wedge issue. I just want my son to live. Is that asking too much?”
Gone, the monthly trips to the dialysis team. We'll miss the team but not the trips!
Kuni’s bitterness is shared by his wife, but she admitted, “At least I can sleep at night now. On the farm I would go to bed, just doze for an hour or so and then wake up and lay there waiting for the dawn. Here we’re safe. We’ve friends and neighbours. But it’s hard living away from the farm. We miss the small things too.. .like having our own meat and eggs, baking our own bread and making our own butter. I don’t think I’ll ever get used to shopping for groceries. But it’s safer for us here.”
So I’m just going to pretend I’m a laid-back gal. Kind of like those people who sit around around, eyes glazed over, voices sounding like someone flipped a switch and they’re now on slo-mo. “Whoa, dude! I just like saw Elvis in the dust particles floating in front of the window. Are there any Rice Krispy treats left?”
To rsvp for the class, send an e-mail to me at stampwithrobin@yahoo.com to hold your spot in the class. Each class is limited to just 10 attendees. You can then send me your 50% deposit once you are on the list.
You yourself maintain them in holiness.
How many women would have the guts to do something like this?
Ich bin mir nicht sicher, aber ich gehe davon aus, dass das erste Schild vorne für Fussgänger gemacht ist. Es weist auf die geänderte Vorfahrtsregelung hin und hängt praktischer Weise unter dem Fußgängerschild.
Still, the creatures called the Builders had the potential to do serious damage to the world even when they did malfunction, so there was still a need for intervention.
I'm gonna crawl into the crib with my daughter now and cry.
Because Genesis is real history (as can be confirmed by observational science, incidentally), Jesus dealt quite directly with the gay marriage issue when he explained the doctrine of marriage.
9. Strawberry wine
Radhanath Swami spoke first for roughly twenty minutes, sharing his perspectives on the relationship between devotion to God and activism, as well as his own experiences of how the two things intersected. Dr. West then did the same. Next, guided by Paul, they discussed each other’s faiths and journeys in a two-hour talk. Everyone was riveted to hear about how each of the speakers had their own very personal relationship with God, and how they used that relationship to serve, and try to bring positive change to, the world around them.
Please pop by throughout the week if you have a chance because we will be posting more pictures of Ash and updates on how he is settling in. Thank you to everyone who wished us a safe journey, I think everything went so smoothly for Chrystal, Amy and myself because we had so many people and kitties holding good thoughts for us! BIG thank you to Chrystal for raising such a lovely boy, I feel lucky to have him!
(6)Age:
A few years ago my wife and I sent a dollar bill with each letter. After the summary of our lives during the year, I added a challenge to everyone. I didn’t impose rules, but I did challenge everyone to find a creative use for a dollar. In addition, I had created a blog for all to share their uses of the dollar.
“Do you know all the students that deal?”
On Wednesday, April 11, Slipknot will also be in attendance at the 4th Annual Revolver Golden Gods Award Show, America’s only hard-rock and heavy-metal award show, taking place at Club Nokia. The band is nominated for this year’s “Comeback of the Year” award. Another award to be handed out is the one for “Best International Band,” presented by Musicians Institute. The show will be broadcast live in its entirety on XBOX LIVE, as well as on the XBOX and Revolver Facebook pages.
2010.09.03 Somalia Galgala 5 0 At least five Puntland soliders are killed in an ambush by Islamic militants.
I hope you enjoy this song, and the many more ill post here. If you like an artist please support them, buy their CDs, their merch, donate money, anything is always apreciated for upcoming artists, as well as established artists.
Berries
It seems that 2012 is the year of new things and letting go of old things. I'll let go of the chemotherapy and say hello to new hair. My lovely daughter will leave her lovely school and set off for sixth form. And I will be letting go of the novel I've been working on for years, to start work on something completely new.
Do kids not pay attention to eye color on a regular basis? Is the fact that Mister Man doesn't look in my eyes because of his autism play into the fact that he doesn't know what color my eyes are? Did he color them green because he has hazel eyes (green is the closest approximation in marker) and wants to be like me? Or did he just flat out forget?
Welcome to The Lucky 13s blog, Lynne! I've personally been waiting for CHAINED for a long time, since I've known you for a few years through Twitter and Facebook. I'm so thrilled to introduce your book today!
5. What genre could you read exclusively and not get bored? I don’t really stick to one single genre…
3.light breaks through
This is what ole Bill was talking about. If you want your message to get people's attention, you have to make it worth their while, and you have to make it fresh. This requirement for creativity makes things complicated. How does one depict the truth imaginatively, without some extent of exaggeration, or creative license? Where does one draw the line? You may think that Honda's ad is OK, because it doesn't actually claim anything about the actual product that is untrue.
The summers die
E@L says to himself, what the fuck, he isn't driving and skips this pretense. He finishes the entire tasting sample of the last few, including the Eligo shiraz, he doesn't know about wine but he knows what he likes, then the last one, a sticky white. Gulp.
5. Litigation: This is a straightforward tactic, albeit one that is usually used only when other methods fail. With the assistance of sympathetic attorneys, and legal-aid groups, who will often work free – there are some good lawyers! – the law is enforced against the institutions. Lawsuits are filed against institutions and their executives, and sometimes, a few times at least, justice does prevail.
Yesterday, Justice Md Raus set Sept 29 for the parties to inform on the negotiation or settlement after meeting their respective lawyers in chambers.
I've never had a PET scan, but it doesn't sound much different from other scans I've had. I tend to doze off during whole body scans, since they are silent and take about 45 minutes. I'm quite happy to hear that this scan will not involve the horrible banging and clicking and buzzing of an MRI.
I'd never crossed the bridge before when it was all lit up.
I’m often asked whether its not difficult finding writing markets living in a non-English speaking country.
Isn't she adorable?! I love her! The papers are a mixture from my stash. The seam binding ribbon is from The Ribbon Girl and the crochet flower is one I made and the sentiment is a text stamp from Maya Road. Other than that, the card is pretty simple. I coloured Giggle with copics (see details below).
from running weak as tea
Whatever's necessary.
Welcome to the Watcher’s Council, a blogging group consisting of some of the most incisive blogs in the ‘sphere and the longest running group of its kind in existence. Every week, the members nominate two posts each, one written by themselves and one written by someone from outside the group for consideration by the whole Council. Then we vote on the best two posts, with the results appearing on Friday.
4. Boxcar Blues
He's growing by leaps and bounds. Ok duh - that happens. Well he's growing long, not wide. Seems we have an extreme peanut on our hands.
Later in the day, they presented in front of all of us using multimedia tools. Some of the ideas were terrific and the presentations were awesome. It can't be easy for 15 or 16 year olds to stand up in a foreign country and pitch a big, world-changing idea to complete strangers; for some, in their second or third language.
Up to this point, we have been focusing on increasing our membership and establishing activity, and we have been successful. Now, the time has come – slightly ahead of schedule – to move forward towards refining our current membership, and tackling the challenges ahead: making our weekly roleplaying and PvE events consistently successful and fun for as many guild members as possible; leveling up the guild; encouraging members to organize and schedule events other than our “official” events that happen Wednesday – Friday at 7:00 pm, server time; and, as always, facilitating positive shared social experiences through all we do.
After much debating, we have decided to start at the Creation to the Greeks. We really like what the Exploring Countries and Cultures has to offer, but we've actually managed to do a lot of Geography this year with the Little Passports (and the extended studies we've added to that). We will definitely wind our way around and when we get to that point again, Goofy and Loquita will be able to join us then!
High blood pressure that refused to go down led to 24 hour collection, which I was told was negative, but actually did contain protein - enough for a 'mild pre-eclampsia' diagnosis. Even higher blood pressure led to overnight admission for monitoring and another 24 hour urine collection (increasing proteins) on Friday night/Saturday by a fill-in doc of the practice, followed by release to strict bedrest and follow up with my doctor on Monday.
Do we have a new landscape company?
Spring is in the air! Or at least it's temporarily hanging out as a little preview of what is to come. I keep getting caught out when I step outside each morning and having to run to a bathroom to strip off the multiple vests I've been in the habit of layering underneath my clothes. For some reason when it's really sunny on this campus, the light is particularly penetrating and since losing my sunglasses it's impossible to walk around without watery eyes and unavoidable Scream style facial expressions. This is one of the downsides to the sunshine. It is however putting a 'spring' (heh) into my step and making me want to buy new things. I fully acknowledge the urge to buy new things as 'spring fever' when the new magazine campaigns come out and chide you into thinking that wearing cheekily bright skirts and carrying a Christopher Kane clematis bag would just make things so much better. But it would, I'm sure of it.
I primed and painted the cabinet boxes and had the doors sprayed by a painter. Hardwood floors, new hardware and appliances finish it off for now. We saved a lot of money buying the fridge and stove from an outlet store.
That is just weird.
Let's try this again.
"Good plan Fishy - TEAM on your feet. We need to up the energy in this room TEAM!" I groan.
Along the way, this blog became a travel food log, with little amateur assessments of empanadas on the streets of Oaxaca, tripe stew in Barcelona’s La Boqueria market, and the Kimchi Field Museum in Seoul, but I'm so happy to be reminded that what I love best, what really makes me glad I’ve come home, is cooking for people I love.
I just wanted to pop in to let you know that I heard from Prometheus the other day and he's gone all outdoorsy AND left his wife for Another Woman (well, he did it more than 10 years ago - but it's news to ME!) and I hope we continue to keep in touch. But that's it.
Bitch can bite....she's even down right mean.
“Some European countries still use the Holocaust, after six decades, as the excuse to pay fines or ransom to the Zionists.”
A wonderful artist friend of mine who paints seven days a week once told me, “Just show up every day at the same time.” Since she has paintings in galleries all over the world, this must work magically for her.
This is my first ceramics project ever! Yay. Pretty darn super happy with how it turned out. So this year in high school, I decided to take my first ceramics class to attempt yet another medium. (especially after my first experience in my first photo class which got me into the whole digital media stuff.) The teacher is really cool and there were a lot of cool projects he had for us. The first one, was to make a house. Of course, I wanted something cool and original. When I thought house, I thought “What is the coolest kind of house I can think of.” From there I thought of a castle, and then Howl’s Moving Castle (I love the design in this movie.) So I decided to make a moving monster castle/house. Complete with top hat. When it comes to ceramics and clay, one of my inspirations is a fictional character. haha. For those of you who read Naruto…. it’s the character Deidara. haha. I think this actually makes me kind of lame. But I love the little clay animals he makes in the show. Although, his artwork may be based off of a real artist that I don’t know…
This is the most obnoxious of all blogspots — the one that asks an already busy person to do more work. But, if any editors out there feel up to it, I think it would be a great help.
2 1/4 cups sugar
Translation (Harvard Oriental Series). Mr. Warren was one of the great
"While in a conversation with my neighbor a short time ago, I brought up the subject of how happy I was after cleaning my field for the first time. It was shocking to me to hear my neighbor wasn't happy at all...but upset, for I had destroyed a field of flowers...Queen Ann's lace. I am sure I was forgiven 'cause every time we pass, there is always a big wave and a CHRISTMAS gift every year.
This tune, “Billy in the Lowground” is one of the relatively few fiddle tunes in plain ol’ C. I was certain the tune had its origins in the British Isles during the Eighty Years War (“Lowlands” referring to the Netherlands, the House of Orange and all that, you see), but cursory research suggests that I’m off base. I haven’t uncovered a credible explanation for the title, but several sources seem to think the song derives from the Scottish strathspey called “The Braes of Auchtertyre.” But don’t take my word for it: read more on the Fiddler’s Companion website.
Trip-O-Meter: 4.25 out of 5
That means that very soon, the God-ordained structure of marriage will be on trial in state and federal courts around the nation, as homosexual couples return to their states and demand to have their “marriage” recognized. The scenario we began warning about in the mid-1990s is almost upon us.
In the meantime, far from giving up, Taketsuru had consulted a map of Speyside's distilleries and had determined to knock on their doors one by one. His first distillery was closed when he arrived, but his second, the Longmorn Distillery, three miles south of Elgin, turned up trumps.
After all trees are planted, all stand around the newly planted trees and say:
Oxford, Ohio- It is illegal for a woman to disrobe in front of a man’s picture.
Sorry about the quality of the photo. Just can't seem to get a decent picture at the moment.
They performed many songs from both, Insurgentes and Grace For Drowning albums, including the 23 minutes long Raider II, Abandoner, No Twilight Within the Courts of the Sun, Harmony Korine, Postcard, and my Grace For Drowning favourite, Like Dust I Have Cleared From My Eye. Also a brand new track entitled Luminol. As for the first encore they played Get All You Deserve wearing these really cool masks. And for the second encore, Steven came back alone to have a little chat with the crowd and perform Lazarus and Trains to leave me even more euphoric and in a state of disbelief.
The premise of the class was to teach 10th graders that they are racists because they are white and have lived privileged lives. After looking at the literature from the class, and all of the literature easily accessible on their website www.inclusioncenter.org , I would have to agree with that conclusion. I even have a copy of an email from the presenter that shows her intention. It is to make these children uncomfortable.
Candy
Between the insufferable bleating of the usual suspects in the Zuma camp, mamparra behaviour by Pretoria’s thickest planks at that Loftus test match, the dongas / potholes we dodge every day and the general piss-poor state of service delivery here in la-la-land, it’s no wonder we are a nation of substance-dependent dullards.
3 drops vanilla extract
Since Ooh La Frou Frou is all about glamorous fantasy,
For accents, 2 other stamps were used. The "batty" background pattern on the piece of Cajun Craze was stamped with the bat image from Wicked Cool. I wanted a little texture without adding visual distraction and stamping a pattern in the same ink color as the card stock accomplishes that. For the faux stitching along the striped piece of Old Olive, I used a line of stitching from the In Stitches Jumbo Stampin' Around wheel. I love that with a little ink and this versatile wheel, I can avoid getting out the dreaded needle and thread.
We ate at Chorizo this year. And by "we", I mean Woman and Ian ate at Chorizo while Magic and I watched. Woman did sneak me a little piece of her fish when Magic wasn't looking. It was pretty good, but not as good as turducken! No, the People did not get $5 margaritas!
Two, shrieking in terror as my skirt blew up and I exposed my panties to some passersby at the gas station. I'm no stranger to attracting unwanted attention to myself at gas stations.
The stoop in front of Freddie’s house was empty, yet there
Follow @SorghumGrowers on Twitter for live updates and information during Classic. Be sure to use the hash tag #Classic12 when tweeting about Classic.
It's taken many, many hours for me to become as knowledgeable in this game as I need to be - and it's very different from D&D. I mean - EVERYTHING is different from D&D. In Pendragon (we'll call it KAP for King Arthur Pendragon), there is only one race to play (human) and one "class" to play (Knight). And the game is based around many things that D&D players may not emphasize as much. For example, there are incredibly important aspects to your PK (Player Knight) that revolve around honor, chivalry, religion (Christianity or Paganism), stewardship, loyalty, valour, love, etc.
Again, this is one of those films that is toeing the line of over-sentimentality, but it must have caught me at the right time. The story really isn't all that unique... I mean, we've all seen Dead Poets Society, right?
I went home and called my mom (the sound voice of motherly reason, the grandmother extraordinaire and a retired Director of Education). I shared my desire to be selfish and, I too, shared that the spark to respond went against my nature and my philosophy.
What happens when I take a space dyed cotton thread and hand stitch an irregular repeating zigzag that forms the word zigzag?
Whilst this early NeoPaganism may appear a socially or politically subversive movement, particularly because of its secrecy and the reversal of cultural norms such as that some aspects of ritual were to be carried out naked, the point is made that at this stage the movement was not of a socially minded reactionary nature at all. Several of its founding figures were deeply conservative (and politically Conservative), and their quarrel was not with social and economic status quo, but rather against the unnaturalness and destruction of traditional patterns of life and societies deep involvement with nature that characterized the rising industrial modernity.
BLITZER: The case of the jailed American, Alan Gross, is a new thorn
“I might see you again Greenie", she says. "But please let somebody else do the worrying for a while. Just take care of yourself and keep your eye on the moon and you'll be alright...OK?!”
Genre: Non Fiction, Biography
Strange stuff in small, Spanish towns…
Remember, just because someone says something is busywork, that doesn't mean you shouldn't do it or that it is useless/dumb/pointless/unnecessary/etc. It just means that it isn't useful to them.
So that’s it for the celeb news for the week. Obviously, there has been lots more happen (like Will and Kate celebrating their first wedding anniversary) but I thought I’d just mention the highlights, so tune in next Friday to find out “the low down”.
“Holy crap,” I think to myself, this is bad!
Record: 2:1-1-0 / $44,800
The sun was directly overhead. Between the two cats squatting flat against the ground and the apex of the incline remained only a few meters of bare soil covered thickly with a carpet of small bones. The sky was clear and bright, the air smelled of sulphur and rotting flesh. It was eerily quiet.
The Verdict: One of the most beautiful pieces of fictive narratives I’ve ever had the pleasure of reading. Painful, sweet, and a spark of hopeful joy – the reader will sink into Kambili’s mindset right away as she forges a life for herself. I’ve been told that as this was Adichie’s first novel, her later works are much better. Which makes me really excited because as her writing is already so amazing here, I can’t wait to see how she tops it in Half a Yellow Sun
3. Put spring onion, ginger slices and 8 cups of water into a pot. Bring it to a boil before
*This has been a certifiable rant from Lolo*- Thanks for reading!
The designer paper is from Treasures by Shabby Chic and I'm assuming that the stamp and paper roses are as well.The dollar items were the dp, stamp and the paper roses.
Even on the day his wife entered the hospital to have their first child, a child the doctors had told them may never be possible........
“You can keep him if you would like.”
You're looking at a piece of the January Daring Bakers' challenge. Yes, I know I'm a week late posting this. But January was such a busy month, especially the last week, and most of the time I wasn't even at home - so I didn't have the privilege of a working oven. But I have some great news. After all the hard work, I passed all my exams, so that's it with school for this year. Holidays 'till October! Yay! I do have some plans for the rest of the year, which include the majority of my bucket list, but more on that later. The important thing is that this is the cake I celebrated with. It's that good!
Euthanized pets in our pet’s food?
A Miracle Berry is a berry that, when you eat it, temporarily binds to the sour receptors on your tongue (in other words, it MAKES YOUR BODY DO SOMETHING IT SHOULDN'T, on top of also being a new terrifying food to which you might of course have an allergic reaction) and makes everything that would normally taste sour taste sweet instead.
The recipes in the back of the book look good and I may tear them out and give them a try. As for future books by Jacobs?
So it's quite possible that some of Mitt Romney's storied ancestors ate dog, too.
Sprouted, Raw, Non-GMO, Organic Brown Rice Protein
"The crazy talking greyhound knows a thing or to".
My very favorite thing we were able to do on this trip was spend time at Haley’s House Orphanage. Because of the major problem of child trafficking, most orphanages will not let people in to visit. However, this orphanage was affiliated with the church we were attending in Cambodia and they allowed us to come on several occasions and love on the kids and just spend time with them. Each of the kids in the orphanage has a heartbreaking story, and yet each of them knows they have a Savior that is ultimately their Father and they are filled with so much joy from that. These kids (ages 5-16) go out into the community and share the Gospel and its power with the people around them. They are unafraid and really show what the faith of a child looks like.
I don't think that I can find an easier way
So . . . right now Pup is whining that I better hurry and get my arse ready cuz he wants some breakfast at Denny's (can you believe?) because he knows there will be no breakfast-making in this kitchen right now.
J.C. Fogerty is a little hard to understand, but I believe that's the way the CCR song goes, and today I could answer yes. Yes, Mr. Fogerty, I have. What's more, my kids could answer yes, and they babbled excitedly at nature's slide of hand. As my kids and I wandered beneath our own private patch of drizzle with irrepressible smiles of spontaneous joy for the simple, cool rain, it ran ahead of us northeast up the street before it left us, the damp memory evaporating from our heads and shoulders in the warmth of the sun.
15. "No More Gigs" – 2:53
Myth: Muscle does not turn to fat. The muscle atrophies and the weight you now see registering on the scale has been replaced by fat tissue.
Cooking and crafting are creative endeavours to start with, but working within a frugal budget has forced me to view some things differently, to stretch the boundaries of my imagination, to come up with news ways of doing something or using something. It’s done wonders for me a as a person, and I can’t imagine living any other way.
Back at the hotel we got showered, fed and watched tv until 9.30pm when our train arrived to take us to Da Nang, a 17 hour sleeper train down half the length of he country. The train was comfortable and we slept until around 9 the following morning ready to tackle another town!
It wasn't too many years ago that I despised the internet. I thought it was the stupidest idea, and nothing but a time-wasting source of advertisements. But then it grew up. It still is a time-wasting source of advertisements, but it's also rich with information and services. There's not much you can't find on the internet, and it has saved my bacon many times.
pasta, cooked and drained
Yet, skeptics note that the eco, a common currency designed to be issued by the West African Economic and Monetary Union is now rescheduled to be issued in July 2009, after failing to materialize through earlier efforts.
08. Hip To Hoo (Shaken & Stirred 1985 Outtake Robert Plant)
In the U.S., today is Memorial Day, a holiday to remember and honor those who died in military service. When I was in high school, I marched with the band in our small town's Memorial Day parade every year, which ended at a small park where there was a monument to soldiers who had died in WWI and WWII. Floral wreaths were presented at the monument and then one of the high school trumpeters would play Taps. As the last note faded out, a second trumpeter, who was standing out of sight and farther away, played Taps again. It was haunting every time.
Answer: According to the Human Rights Commission 73 people died while in Police detention during the period 1963 to 1990, which equates to 2.6 people annually during the "Apartheid" years. According to the Independent Complaints Directorate (IDC) 219 people died in police custody for the period 1997 to 1998 alone. And by the time we received their results for the period 2008 to 2009 a total of 912 people had died while in Police custody. Yes so obviously the old SA police were very brutal compared to the ANC Regime. LMAO
But like all rules, there are exceptions. When things are not what they seem, I believe it is important to explain why. During the Erasmus Commission for example, people advised me to stop talking about the matter because I was merely playing into the hands of those trying to smear me.
After finishing grad school I became an editor, and my Macbook was relegated to my closet. The only research I did, for a number of years, was related to fact-checking queries. By the time I began to think about writing historical romance, like my novel, Improper Relations - more than ten years later, my little laptop had become utterly obsolete.
“No problem”, said the second man. “But you are not going to believe this!”
Live time, say
(First, I need to apologize for a few things. I’m purposefully vague in my description of corporate/qorporate happenings. I can’t risk dismissal, as three tuitions rely on my pay, and I want to leave on my own terms, not theirs. Hopefully you get the gist of what is going on, and maybe you’ll relate better if I am a bit oblique. Secondly, I’m starting to be bored with my qorporate rants, so I plan to take a break from them ASAP. However, a story is in the making…)
Well, I guess it does “fit” – afterall it’s a shrug, so I suppose it’s “doing exactly what it says on the tin”. Buuuuut, it’s just that it doesn’t *look* like it fits.
3 chicken breasts (cooked)
Today , I liked our walk along the canal. Just me and my fella. It is lovely in all weathers, but as today was so yummy and warm, it was even nicer. Everybody we passed said 'hello', and we saw yappy dogs that looked like small cats, and ducks with curly tails, and had tiny conversations about nothing, because the company and the views were enough. I saw more blossom, and more types of blossom than I can ever remember seeing before. Beautiful.
Let me know!!
I am passing to:
Batch #106 was modeled after a recipe that I made over ten years ago. It used Galena hops for bittering weighing in at 13% Alpha Acid. I may actually get better hop utilization these days because I do late additions for lighter colored brews like this one. Only after I tasted that one from the keg did I get the way too bitter flavor and went to my Beer Tools Pro program to work out the recipe. A Bohemian Pilsner should run in the 35-45 IBUs and mine hit 54. This batch is intentionally under-bittered to be able to blend that batch into something drinkable. I am targetting 22-24 IBUs. When I blend, I can make one batch a touch more bitter and the other will be a touch more sweet.
Churches need to go out of their way to start accountability groups for men in this area. We need to step up to the plate, and if you can grab the pastor's ear and suggest it, then do so. Encourage your husband to find a godly man that can hold him accountable. Some computer programs can automatically send an email to someone of your choice if you go onto a questionable website, so that the partner can literally monitor his web use.
This shed will be a kind of shrine to my Mom as well. She left me a tiny bit of money and this is how I intend to spend it. She would love my plans - the seed of Chickory was planted back when I was in high school when Mom bought a small river property and we used to talk and dream about what to do with it.
I live in a small town. A four -stoplight kind of town. (Wow, I never saw that coming given that I’m from the busy ‘burbs of California.) Our library means well, the staff is nice and they have some great offerings, but as far as books, it doesn’t house the new stuff. (Unless it’s a book on the south or a fictional southern-based drama, but I digress…) To get something new, I have to utilize their intra-library loan system and sometimes get on a wait list.
There's so much here
Mitchel's rising star was impervious to Tammany attacks and was elected the new mayor, the nominee of a fusion party.
Some know they are apostles. But they seldom speak of it. This is not their preoccupation. Their focus is Jesus. He is their life and their concern is to see people in large numbers rise to their inheritance as the sons and daughters of God. The Kingdom of God is built by sons living their inheritance
I have a true challenge to stitch Teresa Wenzlers Celtic Cross-pattern with the bright colours my son
Though I hate writing in rhymes,
Mmm, I hope he looks like Tom Selleck.
Summer has finally arrived in beautiful California! I love flowers and wanted to make a flower card. I love the sketches that we're provided every week. They are so unique and edgy, and this is no different. I think I'm going to get a little colorful and bold on this card so we'll see how it turns out in the long run. There are no embellishments on this card at all and it's not boring. I think that Edger #1 die-cut adds a lot of interest to this card and did the trick. I think this card turned out very well with fun colors, bright, and cheerful!
Other helpful health practices include reading food labels and understanding such basic nutritional concepts as daily requirements for calories, protein, fats, and nutrients. Would-be vegetarians can experiment with meat substitutes, foods that are high in protein and essential nutrients.
This will be a 3 day weekend for Greg!!!!! Monday is a State observed holiday....Confederate Memorial Day. We will have fun working on projects together all weekend! Personally, I think all weekends should be longer than 2 days, but noone else has seen the logic in that thought!!
The makeup artist and hairstylist, dresser, officiant, baker and florist (and their teams) won’t be spending more than a couple of hours with you so you don’t need to offer them a full meal.
‘Mark!’I howled when I found his corpse. I sobbed his eulogy, shrieked his last words at the graveside – overwrought and overwritten like the cheapest of airport novels. In all the things he said in all our long years together, he never ‘spoke’ to me at all.'
-I couldn't find the original author of this little piece, but it's been on the internet forever. I thought a few of you would get a kick out of it. Enjoy!
I’ve recently also found myself referencing Dexter’s Laboratory (anyone?) saying “omelette du fromage” and anytime I say “cool,” I feel like I should continue it with the extra “cool cool cool” as Abed does in Community.
Ooops,! we are busy packing so that we can all live in the same city and we haven't done our PhotoSunday! assignment this week, in fact I didn't even post it. Eleanor chose it and it is:
As we begin National FFA Week, be aware of the potential we possess to serve and to reach out. Help in a soup kitchen, read a book to a young child, buy a friend’s lunch, write your agricultural education teacher or FFA advisor a handwritten thank you note, open the door for someone, let a stranger cut you in line, shake someone’s hand firmly, sit by the student who usually sits alone in class, e-mail an old friend, smile at everyone you encounter and then tell them all about FFA and the impact it has had on your life.
* Take leadership for a major component of a research project
OK enough of the deep thought :)
a phizog without remark.
"Why not?" (But I already knew why.)
- A new bike for me ...
Of the mountain top,
But seriously, there are very few situations that really allow room for wailing, weeping, the gnashing of teeth and the (public at least) rending of garments. Your inability to find a parking space or get a pedicure appointment or gaining 3.5 pounds are not in this category.
to play along at Use it Tuesday you have to use mostly stuff from your stash.
In addition to the California house and a townhouse outside of Boston, which is their official primary residence, the Romneys own a $10 million vacation home on the shore of Lake Winnipesaukee in Wolfeboro, N.H...
4) Homemade cooking – nothing says love like taking the time and effort to cook a special meal for your loved ones. If cooking isn’t really a skill you possess then try making something simple…find an easy cookie or cupcake recipe on the Internet. You could wrap them up in a festive tin with a big red ribbon on it…and your loved one will appreciate the effort knowing you’re not exactly the world’s greatest chef…now that’s love!
Pearls in pink and black from stash
Chelsea spent the rest of the game staggering round the ring, barely being able to see out of their left eye. In this case that was Juan Mata, where was he hiding last night? I read a stat earlier that said that he touched the ball 9 times? That is poor.
Please don’t tell him I’m onto him though. I just can’t imagine anything worse than him knowing who I am, or knowing that I make the best pancakes in the world or that I can finish the New York Times crossword puzzle in one sitting… in ink Alexander. In ink.
My intention was never to make "it" sound anyway. I have struggled a bit with how much to share here. As I have mentioned before when I first started writing this blog it was for me and my daughter and no one read it. I wrote what I felt without regard to anyone else, but as people started to read and as women started to come forward and tell me I was helping them, I did feel a responsibility to be strong. I was in many ways strong, but even on days I wasn't, I tried to be. I think there are several posts on here that show just how "not easy" it has been for me. Everything I have said was/is honest and true, but it isn't the entire picture of me or my life. I didn't write every single time I had a hard day. It hasn't been easy.
Thank you to everyone who entered my sketch challenge there were some gorgeous makes. We will be announcing the random winner, my Top 3 and GD choice towards the end of this post.
In a release about his report, Maragos said the county’s structural gap has been pared down from $137.6 million in 2010 to $127.4 million, or about 7.4 percent.
01. Walk Away From the World
"One painter ought never to imitate the manner of any other; because in that case he cannot be called a child of Nature, but the grandchild. It is always best to have recourse to Nature, which is replete with such abundance of objects, than to production of other masters, who learnt everything from her." Leonardo da Vinci
We went to a beachside cafe for refreshments and discovered that it was also the terminus of the Littlehampton Railway, a miniature system but one capable of carrying paying passengers. I didn’t see how long the track was but it seemed a quite popular attraction.
5. Calm muscle excitability to reduce tensions and spasm.
#TigerAMF is happening on last Saturday at Sunway Lagoon, I would like to tell you guys that it is very crowded and pack with full of people! The crowd is unbelievable you see, and I will make this post as simple as possible alright!
Hi All, I don't know about you, but I have a really hard time coming up with Masculine cards and gifts. It's easy for me to add flowers and bows and make it girly, but a masculine card...Yikes!
The last few days I have been suicidal, with strong urges of self harm. I have been talking these feelings over with a close friend, crying my eyes out whilst describing how helpless I feel, and she has been so, so supportive. But, after taking the dogs out today, I suddenly feel happy, almost manic. I have been through my room and had a spring clean, had a good shower and sorted my hair, nails etc (I have been so depressed I wasn’t even bothering to wash) and sorted out a desk full of paperwork.
Trip prep is coming along, although I haven't had any time for packing yet. Lots of work, last-minute taxes, Emma's birthday party (Happy Birthday, Emma!!), and egg-related activities have to come first!
You would not believe from the media that alcohol consumption was falling rapidly
It's also also because ~dearth of interesting ideas~
He leaned a hip against the pool table and accepted the beer Renee gave him, his body ripped and hard all over as he relaxed and laughed with his friends.
"Who are you?"
Released before they could afford to add The to their name, this is Oblivians debut vinyl release on Eric Friedl's own Goner Records. They had previously appeared on a split cassette release with fellow Memphis freaks Impala. The Oblivians' tracks from that cassette were later released on Goner LP On The Go, and if anybody could share that I'd be extremely grateful.
On the drive in today I got to thinking about this planet of ours. I was watching a show on Doc Zone last night and I ended up turning it off because I just found the angle of it too frightening. It was about the robotics now used in warfare and how they are anticipating that down the road a war will be fought by robots. They are already doing it with drones and things of the like. It conjured up some really frightening scenarios for me. Oddly enough Woodstock, the movie was on as well, so I turned that on. The juxtaposition wasn’t lost on me.
Most outcast fruit, the prune! Woolf assaults it with a scorn borrowed from the boniest schoolmistress. The fricatives and plosives of her derision – the same mouth shapes as spitting out pits – are saved for this fruit, as an emblem of the dried and withered place of women in education. Girls are fed on dreary food and drearier thought, both provided by women – governesses and headmistresses – who themselves are overlooked, overcooked, overripe – spinsters, maiden aunts. They are Prunes. Educated women are cut off – cut themselves off! - from the succulent, the affable, the luminous dining table. Virginia Woolf is right: privilege smells, feels and tastes different to privation. She is right, too, that our very being is formed from within our gut: “One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.” But is she right that “The lamp in the spine does not light on beef and prunes?”
A little child wanders into a bike path. Bad things happen.
Part of that low number was due to the fact that I was not comfortable with my own sense of self and partly it was due to the fact that guys just don't equate and relate to me in ways I find I can relate to other women. Yet trying to relate to other women as a woman but presenting as a man was enough to cause me panic attacks and clam up completely. Simply put, when I did so in times past, women simply viewed me as some sort of odd guy, gay male or caricature of a woman and still I was not speaking to them at a level which other women would and can understand. So I just shut down early in life and stayed that way... recluse and eventually moving away from the city to be in the quietude of the country where I could run away from my problems and myself.
Zemeckis wisely builds off the cold, muted, dull colors of London by filling out the palette with the Ghosts. As the film progresses, Zemeckis brings more and more color into the film as the action picks up. The Ghost of Christmas Past, for instance, is a flickering, white candle person, while the Ghost of Christmas Present is a big, fat redhead. The first is wispy and quiet while the second is rotund and loud. By the time we get to the Ghost of Christmas Future, Zemeckis slams the palette all the way back down with the midnight black ghost and his nightmarish horses.
Lawns are antiquated dreams of a 19th century American middle class wanting to have small, private Versailles. And the democratic idea of Olmsted, where lawns create a large park bringing us together, is ludicrous--we have fences, I don't know my neighbors, et cetera. Kids may play in lawns, but they learn nothing about themselves or the natural world, its processes, its lessons. That happens among the brush. It cures ADHD. It speeds a patient's recovery from surgery. We don't need more lawns, we need more habitat, shrubs and trees with berries, flowers with insects--insects that are key protein sources for songbird chicks. In Nebraska, we need prairie like we need love and forgiveness and oxygen. Prairies are carbon sinks.
Then, I saw the blood.
Over the past 7 years there have, of course, been various ups and downs. I'm currently about 20lbs heavier than I was at my lightest a couple of years ago. However, given that with traditional "diets", 95-98% of people put back on all the weight they lost (and usually more) within 2 years, I think this way of doing things can definitely be called a success.
Akema also said it is working with its customers to see if other polyamides, PA-11 and PA-10, would work as substitutes.
Jennifer DeJesus, 23, New York, N.Y.
Here’s the schedule. Late each night, we set a time to have coffee the next morning. Then I go to my room, and Ben goes to his. We yell goodnight. We sleep. When the correct hour comes, we meet in the kitchen, where Ben makes Americanos and English muffins. Then he walks the two blocks to his office, and I go to mine, the aforementioned dining room. I untangle the cord to my headphones, put something on repeat (mostly, it’s been Temple of the Dog’s “Hunger Strike”), and smash a mosquito with my copy of Bird by Bird. That book is even more useful than I had given it credit for. A couple of hours later, Ben comes back for lunch. Because it’s very loud here on Planet Hunger Strike, I don’t notice his arrival until he walks into the dining room and I scream. We make lunch. After that, we go back to our desks and work until early evening, when he goes for a run and I go for a walk. At 8:30 pm, no earlier and no later, I make a round of Negronis. Then we cook dinner, and then we do it all over again.
Far from here, and away to the wild north mountains, beyond the ice floes and the scree slopes lies a hall named Thrymheim; Storm Home. It is the place where winter lives, where the frost and snow retreat, biding their time whilst the land below bathes in the gentle warmth of green summer, the corn sways in the fields until the cycle turns and winter creeps its quiet way down from the mountains to swathe the earth once again in white and grey. The king of this mountain realm was Thiasi and he lived there with his daughter, Skadi of the shadows. Skadi was a huntress, and she liked to be alone. She spent her days skiing in the mountains with her bow and arrow or fishing on the ice. Skadi loved no man but her father, whom she adored, for she was a solitary creature and her heart was made of the stuff of winter.
I'm not gonna lie-- for the most part I didn't get them, or death metal in general, as I've written about before. Beyond Cryptopsy and Asphyx, death metal usually seems trite to me, like the sort of things that an adolescent would write about "the world" before they'd ever actually been in it. Ben Ratliff, the music critic for the New York Times, once said, regarding Cannibal Corpse, that they had a fascination with gore and zombies that "bordered on sweet."
The challenges I would love to enter my creation into are as follows:-
Fredini (Fred Kahl) has long been on my short list of those I’ve wanted to include in the constellation of them that have trod the stage of the American Vaudeville Theatre. So I am especially excited that he will in our Fringe show this August.
Erasing a part of the drawing.
(FDR waves his arm as promised, and the scene dissolves into the Washington of Christmas, 1932. He is seated in his comfortable townhome by the fireplace with his wife, ELEANOR. The decor is comfortably rustic, with matching leather wingchairs and mahogany sidetables next to them. FDR is poring over papers in preparation for his inauguration.)
And the truth goes unreported.
A tear is that all I 've got
Not long ago I reviewed Chalk and Cheese, a book about a little English mouse who makes friends with a dog who lives in New York City. I loved the book, and was delighted when I heard that the author, Tim Warnes, has started an online comic strip featuring Chalk and Cheese. I decided that it would be interesting to find out how the online comic strip came into being, and Tim Warnes (and Chalk and Cheese) were gracious enough to agree to an interview.
Can you really blame us after the 1988 judicial crisis, the Lingam scandal, the failure to implement the IPCMC, the failure to establish the Judicial Appointments Commission and the fact that police personnel are today unashamedly fighting over the apportionment of their ill gotten gains? And that’s just off the top of my head.
ME: You know, those little white flowers with the green edges. I used three of them and put textures on them. A couple of readers said that you and I compliment each other well.
JOHANNESBURG: Couple from Randfontein attacked, assaulted and robbed while changing a tyre on the highway.
I made the cake a few days before Christmas to share with the ladies in our Bible Study group. We didn't eat enough of it so I figured, why make another dessert for Christmas dinner? This was just an ordinary chocolate cake mix topped with fudge frosting. The thing that made it so tasty was the white filling........a jar of marshmallow creme mixed with a container of vanilla frosting and then spread between the four layers. It was as good as a Hostess cupcake. Maybe better. :-)
When I started in this business the amount of paper being used was unbelievable. The business of getting a broadcast-quality tape of an advertisement out to a cable network and on the air, as well as the subsequent tracking of effectiveness and reporting data to the clients, required a mountain of paper.
Be creative every day, what a brilliant line to live your life by!
The color, possibly once green, is now rust. Its patina is that of having been submerged in the water for a while. It looks like some of the crew dragged it out of the creek, there is the thread of a weed across the top, stuck on a jagged edge.
The Dragon Who Loved Me, by G.A Aiken, coming September 2011. This story will continue the perilous journey to war the Drangon’s have been on and delve into the love of two extraordinarily different dragon’s. Will the northern barbarian tame our southern low born?
Every week, I watch VH1′s Top 20 Video Countdown, to keep up with the latest videos and check out what songs are supposedly currently popular. And then I inevitably conclude that the voters on VH1.com screwed up the correct order of these songs and I start reordering them in my head. So, starting this week, I will post the top 20 as it appeared on the program, followed by my own revision.
Shouting at District Judge Margot Coleman when asked for his full name, he said: 'My name’s ‘go **** yourself’ and where the **** is my solicitor?'
Avoid sleeping on your side
The worst, saddest part was not only how he left this earth but what his life had come to in the end. He died on the bar room floor from alcohol poisoning. He was forty-two. His last ten or so years he had become a liqour-sploshed brain, the town drunk. He had a schedule at each bar from ten or eleven am until close. He showed the bar tenders the bent, worn pictures of us from his wallet. They didn’t believe we were really his. He bragged about us. I know this because when I was eighteen or nineteen (when I was an alcohol and speed-freak myself in another city), I decided to find him to question him–and I didn’t know for sure why. But when I finally found him at Tim & Sandy’s, I couldn’t resist his slim, hovering body, alone at the bar in his old Packer jacket. He wore the same brown-framed glassed that only magnified his beautiful eyes in a seventies fashion. I pulled up a stool next to him and said “Hi, dad.”
I've talked about Goatwhore before, the blackened death metal band formed in the wake of sludge legend Acid Bath's demise. They're awesome, in a vitriolic, pissed-off kinda way.
Yeast infections can also come from candida. So, you had better go stand in the Monistat aisle at the supermarket, you, CRAZY BAG O’ DONUTS. You better get to telling all those ladies they’re about to get AIDS. Thanks for explaining the gay to corpse thing. I was always wondering why the best gay bars were right next to the morgue.
A frequent flyer (patient that comes in often) strode up to the triage desk and when he wasn't tended to immediately begain knocking on the desk,
Here are my jars of chicken all done hot out of the canner. See that liquid? That is pure chicken broth baby! YUM! Ok, I know it doesn't look that appetizing. In fact my MIL came over, looks very skeptically at my jars and said, "Um, can I ask what that is?" I tried to answer as matter of factly as possible. "It's canned chicken." She said, "But you aren't going to eat it like that?" "Well, you certainly can, it's fully cooked, but I'll most likely be shredding it for enchiladas and such." She responded, "Well, you really are Miss Betty Homemaker aren't you?" LOL! I know we preparedness people look like freaks to the outside world. I'm totally ok with that.
They faculty offering thousands of preset templates. They also message bespoken template desktop that go wellspring with the individual's lineament and personality. Yet, level they can be altered according to the needs of the someone.
I put her in her crate at 8:45 p.m. and then decided at 9 to take her out for one last pee.
Masters Longboard Final (35-49)
The beer is certainly one that the wise men would have enjoyed on the cold desert nights. It is a heavily spiced version of the Bruin Extra; aroma and flavour cries out orange scent, but underneath hides a well-balanced quadruppel. It hides the 10 percent alcohol well, and the finish is also refreshingly dry.
It's the middle of March already!! and our design team has made some more fabulous creations for your inspiration for our March "In The Kitchen" challenge.
The countertop before:
6 Dragster
reaching
June 24 – Rock Island, IL – Daytrotter Session
I’ve written about this problem before. I need to change the rules somehow, shake things up. How is, of course, my trouble (I’m not fishing for suggestions), and perhaps I’m overthinking this. Nevertheless, I think it’s a useful bit of critique for all of us to hear, even if we haven’t heard it said about our own work. We can’t rest on the shoulders of those who have come before us. We do not have that luxury, not when the competition is so fierce.
and Rob Kardashian. (wow…)
This Reminds Boys of Being Naked, and Then They Think of Sex.
a little black pepper
I think a lot when I’m running, and if music is playing, I also match my stride to the tempo. But I also adjust my stride when I find a nice breathing rhythm, too. With music, I’m often jamming while jogging, but not necessarily pacing according to how much energy or breath I have. This is great fun, until the music holds me back. That’s when it’s time to update the playlist, or turn the music off entirely.
I’m also proud to announce that LSMedia‘s fresh and modern revival of The Sphinx, our university’s official campus newspaper, officially went to print last week!! If you live in the city of Liverpool, you can grab a copy from various places, including the Liverpool Guild of Students shop, Costa Coffee, and pretty much any buses/trains/cafes/bars etc – just keep a lookout! Alternatively you can read the online version on our site. As editors, we’re all extremely proud of what we’ve been able to achieve together with our writers, and we hope to make it a regular thing each month.
Landor explains that peer pressure often drives young people into their lovers’ beds. “They are more likely to have a higher number of sex partners and a higher number of oral sex partners. They are more likely to not delay sex, and engage in sex without any contraception,” she says.
1477 D-X/17/2003. On the Pledge of Allegiance controversy. WYCC, TV 20, Chicago, Illinois.
Thank God the Gap saw the light and reverted.
Hopefully, I will have a happier tale (about how I’m going to be treated at last) to tell than the one (about the years I’ve spent undiagnosed) that I shared today.
Are you calling us spastic homos?? THANK YOU VERY MUCH!!
With its trial against Breivik Norway at least show that they care about a civil society and upholding the rules for it. They show us that the civil society has an ability to handle all cases, even the absolute horrifying.
However, popcorn should not replace fresh fruits and vegetables in a person's diet, they added. Fruits and vegetables contain vitamins and other nutrients that are critical for good health, which are missing in popcorn.
- Add the sugar and gently fold into the strawberries with a large spoon. Heat until the sugar dissolves, then add the kirsch and heat for another 30 seconds.
Psalm 8:4 “What are mortals that you should think of us, mere humans that you should care for us? New Living Translation
Shoot a gun
As of 3:07 Central Standard time I have completed just a little shy of 15,000 words in my fledgling murder mystery. Although well beyond the short story stage, this number falls way short of the 50k that has become the draconian cut-off line in creating a finished novel. However, my meager beginning has given me a sense of where the story is headed and how the characters relate to each other. Who can ask for more?
For those that still read this rubbish, you might like to know that I am also on twitter. I cannot in all honesty recommend you follow me on twitter because frankly I wouldn’t. Those that do get treated to enlightening thoughts every so often on the lines of “oo, I could do with a can of lout about now” and not much else. You’d be quite justified in thinking you were not missing that much. Much like this blog, really.
On getting older: “I will not put a needle in my body unless I have a medical reason,” she says, “but ask me in 10 years. Right now, I’m like, ‘I’m going to embrace it,’ but … I’m probably going to want to have something done. I have no doubt.”
Now I rarely buy Velveeta as it seems expensive and our kids don't like American cheese unless it comes from a fast food place.. We keep cheddar and feta in the refrigerator at all times. At Subway I always order provolone and for road trips we always take Swiss for a picnic on the road. At restaurants I'm a sucker for anything with goat cheese.
tickets were bought months ago.
Voila, an easy and fun way to apply reading strategies.
The Gombe State Director of
Agent Zicara is determined to discover who Mancuso is and figure out the the hell Russo's problem is as he tries to win her over.
In the end this is what I did:
Children that are not showing any signs of the same illness. Although the doctors told us it would most likely show up as adults like mine did.
- 1/4 cup of finely chopped onions
She's not worried this time the way she was with Fezzik, so
Children with a positive self-esteem will grow up to be adults with a high self-esteem as well. Helping your child develop that positive sense of self, is one of the most important things you can do for the health of your child. If you have concerns related to your child’s self-esteem and behavior, play therapy can be beneficial for your child. For more information regarding children’s self-esteem or play therapy, contact one of our therapists at www.counselingatheritage.com.
Not a morning person.
And my life will never - I know full well -
Something moving in – I taste it in my mouth and in my heart
Sorry for the rambling post…lots to catch up on!
Hello stampers! I am here today with a new card that I made for one of my gardening girlfriends! It is just about time to start planning the garden, and so this is what I've made for her. She has quite the green thumb, and has always given me some of her extra basil that she somehow manages to have! Hopefully this year is no different. Ha ha ha...I made this using some inspiration from PPA Sketch Challenge 131.
So the IWW Convention is over, it's been a week or more, and I have spent some time reflecting.
Also, I have these hearts that I might put on the front and write our names in them. Lastly, I might also put the ribbon inside the binding that will come out to use as a bookmark or pen holder.
What is it about photography that fills that something in
The only thing I want to say
I am here to warn you all now about the dangers of these satanic puppy treats. All it took was one. Just one.
I won some super cute vinyl labels from Ginger Snaps a few weeks ago, and they are the perfect accent for the canisters. I used my blue chalkboard marker and…….
CB: DeQuan Menzie, Alabama
I find that each and every time that I am faced with these temptations I just repeat over and over again in my head “Stay the course.”
There are now three cities where you can get an amazing deal on AccuRev Certified Scrum User Training.
