I was 16 years old, and I tried to prepare for this trip by eating a ton of cheese. I mean, cheese is a butt cork, right? This was my logic.
- In Switzerland it is against the law for men to urinate standing up after 10pm which is the same time that it is illegal to flush the toilet.
I would say some of them might be as much intelligent or
Cook the noodles according to the directions on the package, drain and set aside back in the pot. Mix the cheeses together in a bowl and set aside.
arm in arm
Using the 4mm hook and one strand of wool, chain 5 and with a slip stitch form a ring.
It is worth repeating.
Fast forward, 3 New Years later, the Big Guy and I are sitting in corporate housing with our two beautiful little girls in Virginia where we had recently moved. Life was chaotic and crazy and spinning a bit out of control.We had just started to adjust to the fact that we were again away from all family and friends with two very small children. We had spent the fall forging a new life for ourselves. Redefining borders and creating relationships with strangers, changing our perspectives and embracing change. We were blessed to have the opportunity to hit reboot even if it was forced upon us. Once again I was forced to take a hard look at myself and decide who I wanted to be in this world.It started an evolution revolution within myself. I began to realize that I had to be the change that I wanted to see in my world.I could either sit back and let life happen to me or I could jump up and make things happen for me.Last New Year set me up for becoming the person I never knew that I always wanted to be. It's hard to feel sorry for yourself, when you are blessed with so much in life. I only needed the moment of quiet change to realize it.
There are other interruptions that I don’t want to tune out! I love it when my husband unexpectedly brings me a cup of coffee when I’m working at the computer. And it brings me joy when I receive an unexpected call from a friend.
Good Morning to all of you out there! Remember this post where I talked about the Blogger Discount Program for Ecolissa.com... Well my clothes came in yesterday!! I practically ripped the box open thats how excited I was! I couldn't wait to try on the clothing I had purchased!
Congratulations to Esquire, and their very, very passionate staff. When we dined there - it was immediately apparent that love for food was coarsing through their veins. The animated chefs talked us through every aspect of their process - we even ate herbs grown on a chef's balcony!
Santa, if you are reading, I would love the Irene Sharaff yellow silk chiffon wedding dress worn on her first wedding day to Richard Burton in l964. It's a steal at 40,000-60,000. Just put in a bid on the low side and see what happens:)
“It certainly made me feel excluded, possibly looked-down-upon. The strange thing was that each time such criticism or behavior was couched in such a way that it excused itself. 'Of course, it's better for the children for a mother to do these things' was one comment I remember, delivered with a short, self-conscious, judgmental laugh. As though it were self-evident that I wasn't the best choice to take care of my daughters.”
national,assembly raised queries
Just as having a child comprises boundless joys and some very difficult but essential responsibilities, pet ownership is very rewarding but there are essential responsibilities involved that may not always be pleasant. But isn’t anything worth having worth working for? Is it really that difficult to commit to and follow through on providing proper care for our pets and be a responsible member of the community while doing it? If we really love our animals as much as we say we do, wouldn’t it just follow, logically, that we will make sure to feed our pets just enough quality food to meet their needs, and ensure that they are exercised sufficiently? Will we clean up after them, not just because it is the responsible and considerate thing to do, but also because in most places it is the law? Will we responsibly make sure our animals are sterilized, regardless of gender, to prevent the birth of unwanted young that may likely end up euthanized? If we love our animals enough, we will.
7. Nell : “The Day Before”
Chase added that the violence was so pervasive that some of the actors found it hard to get out of character – and that even though he hated killing people off he just reminded himself who they were.
Now it's time to open our door to you and let you in to take a look at the aftermath of the flood, a week later...
In addition to making each of us pajama pants, I also made each of the men personalized t-shirts. Since they're all "talls", I ordered inexpensive tall-sized t-shirts from Old Navy a few weeks ago. Then I ordered heat transfer ("iron-on) vinyl from Expressions Vinyl. I gathered up a silly saying for each of them, got out my Silhouette SD and went to work.
South San Francisco CA 94080
When a band can also claim past members by the name of Bernie Leadon and Jackson Browne, their history is rich.
8. Keep in mind that like any other skill, becoming more intuitive takes time and practice.
“Hurry the fuck up,”Logan tells me.
A total of 71 artists, over the course of 4.5 years, contributed to this traveling museum, including Bill Plympton, Enrico Casarosa, John Howe, James Jean, Scott Campbell, Dice Tsutsumi, Peter de Seve, character designers Carter Goodrick and Nicolas Marlet, veteran animators like Glean Keane and even Koji Morimoto and Hayao Miyazaki.
Chicken has been pulled from the menu for Muslims in police custody over fears it had been contaminated by pork products.
“This is why I decide to walk, as you asked me. I wanted to do more than just write about what I saw.”
Incidentally, the figure to the left of the photo is one we gave my Mother-in-law for her 74th birthday because it perfectly expresses her whimsical and fun-loving nature. It was placed next to Wera’s phot0 because she was the same sort of person in many ways.
Showtime’s drama Homeland, which finished its first season in 2011, has quickly become an award winning, critically acclaimed show. Brilliantly written, the show plays at America’s fear of foreign invaders. The story begins when Nicholas Brody (Damian Lewis) returns to America after surviving nine years as a prisoner of war. As Brody tries to fit into a drastically different world, with a son he never got to know and a wife that has tried to move on, Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) launches an investigation on him. A brilliant yet reckless CIA analyst, Carrie received information that an American POV had been turned and believes that POV to be Brody. Full of twists and turns, the first season was a 9.5 out of 10. It already won 2 Golden Globes but I believe it deserved more for five specific reasons.
This question goes out to Gil, who recently announced his realization of "the new Gil."
I was determined to go to church and have a great time and see people and go home and have house church over and have a great time and then spend the evening to myself, probably lesson planning for this week. I did none of those things, at least not how I intended to. This is a long story.
13. Somewhere in the room I'd hang these Les Promenades De Paris Prints from Ballard Designs...Created from original architectural drawings we found in Paris, these finely detailed renderings depict plans and streetscapes for four of the city's most famous public squares and parks. Each Paris promenades print features street elevations, so you can see what the surrounding buildings might look like.
Sometimes you meet a group of people, and you know you're never going to meet again, but the moment and the chemistry are so perfect it feels like you will know each other forever. It was that. There was a shared sense that sitting there together, a group of very different people from all over the world, sharing drinks and jokes in a tiny Bavarian Kinderhotel late at night, was a very special thing indeed.
Here is my news: my twisted back has been causing me some grief this week..but that might be partly due to yard work up the wazoo. So, I have been moving quite a bit but then feeling some pain. You know...when I first started with this back-stuff in August 2009....I knew I had some issues (reverse cervical curve, some lower back curve that brought one hip higher than the other...etc)...but it almost seems like the more I work on it, the worse it gets. I never had any acute pain before...just a lot of tension and tightness and some posture issues. Now....more often than not it seems, I am having more acute-style neck and back pain. How can that be possible? It is frustrating. Now...both the chiro and the PT are even throwing the "scoliosis" word around...and I do not remember hearing that word last August. Cripes. Anyway...one day at a time here. And, I will keep doing my lower back exercises and following all the rules...and hope that one day I am more straight than not. (sigh) I might need to go see an Osteopath (?)...anyone have experience there? Feel free to share wisdom. I am all ears.
There are several types of Havaianas, ranging from the traditional flat-heeled model to platforms.
Allowed to look upon, but never say –
Under it, colleges, universities and other post-secondary schools can partner with local businesses and economic development organizations to have the areas around their campuses designated Keystone Innovation Zones. The program provides incentives for the schools to transfer technology to companies that establish operations in their zone.
The problem is though, that when you get to enjoy all that hype and buzz the music media and blogosphere have created for you, it’s hard to stay grounded. While arrogance and frequent use of ‘fuck’ on stage can be interpreted as confidence by some, to others it’s quite off-putting.
I also had the thrill of seeing the card on C&C and it has been passed onto Sue, who also noticed the stamp as one of ‘Theirs’ which was a double Yea Me!.
you can pick the ebook here:
Honored to have Holly West swing by today. First, let me remind you that you can get a free gift if you grab Dan O'Shea's lovely Old School collection. I'm offering up Dan's reading of my "Champion" story if you'll grab his shorts. Details here.
They were so easy to make. I found this great tutorial on the Kraft Outlet blog that showed how you can make 4 Christmas cards with very few supplies and they still look great! I used their tutorial but as I didn't need any Christmas cards, I just used some nice Kaisercraft papers that I had to make these cards instead.
The New England Patriots haven't won a Superbowl since Tom Brady met Gisele Bundchen in 2007.
When the hare came out of the oven, the playing with our food began. We stripped off all the meat, including the lovely, moist, supple fillet mignon, and discarded the bones. We poured the innard and blood puree into the sauce, and cooked it for a few minutes, being careful not to boil it as the blood would have frothed all over the place and ruined it. An important reason for using the blood quickly became obvious. It is one of the most effective natural thickeners. When the sauce was just the right texture we strained it through a sieve, and it was finished. Dense, gamey, earthy, aromatic - it required all the willpower in the kitchen not to dunk chunks of crusty country bread in it and finish it off then and there with sips of the leftover syrah.
Brooklyn Assemblyman Hakeem Jeffries, whose district includes the AY footprint, says there should be an Assembly hearing on Atlantic Yards. Assembly leaders--whether it be preoccupation with more pressing problems or wariness about the issue--have yet to give it their blessing.
In one sworn affidavit, an unidentified police officer alleges: “He (Mkhwanazi) was also involved in a shooting incident, where an innocent person was killed. He was requested to make a statement, but refused. He said he’d go to his grave with the information,” unless called to testify
So I’ll take them one at a time.
62 min: Woe for N ewcastle as Tioté is down injured after catching an elbow in the face from Mikel as they both challenged for the ball. hard to know whether it was deliberate. Coincidentally, Tioté had caught Mikel in the face moments earlier. As I say, coincidentally.
And the hand of the Lord was with them: and a great number believed, and turned unto the Lord.
“If I had my phone this would never happen…”
Here are some pictures below. You need to pay an entrance fee to visit the museum. I was just at the lobby, so that is free. Look up and see the glass dome ceiling. Beautiful. Hurt my neck looking up. Pictures taken using a point and shoot camera. Don’t know if security will allow me to take pictures if I bring along my DSLR. Read a blog where the photographer actually lay on the floor to take ceiling pictures. Don’t think security in any buildings will allow anybody to do that without permit. In any public places, it certainly invite staring. Oops.
I did mine as follows:
Saturday afternoon we had my brother and parents over for LEFTOVERS ... don't know what it is, but thanksgiving dinner always tastes better the next day. I think we have just enough turkey to make up a kettle of turkey noodle soup for the week ahead.
I have been researching startups that offer opportunities for original video content creators to monetize their work, oftentimes by creating marketplaces and platforms. Here are some of the more interesting companies that I have discovered. (Please feel free to add others in the comments section.)
He is super smart.
– Emilly
With all of my dreams now fulfilled.
“I found Gary face down on the floor, I started CPR, his eyes opened, I checked his vitals, but there wasn’t any pulse.”
our attorney spoke to the prosecutor today. (for the record, my crush on him is totally finished after today.)
Did the requirement for the presidency state that an individual had to be of the same faith to be considered competent to run for office?
The first session of the event, entitled Decoupling Innis and McLuhan?, featured three presentations that re-examined the connection between the two scholars and their communication theories. One of the invited speakers was Luiz Martino, a professor from the Faculty of Communications at the University of Brasilia in Brazil. William (Bill) Buxton, Concordia’s director of the joint PhD program, also presented his paper, entitled The Rise of McLuhanism, The Loss of Innis-sense.
This was demonstrated one night when he shared this study with Tracey and me on a cold winter night, an electric heater to warm the room. He liked our company even more than the glass-fronted fire in the lounge, so he blessed us with his.
July 16th - Isabel was born. BUT if she had been born just about two hours earlier then she'd share a birthday with her late great-grandmother.
The good news is that TWO of the four things happened, yesterday.
The main character, Gwyneth, was awesome. A real keeper. Her light and easy sarcasm made me like her instantly. She has her moments of girliness, as she should. She doesn't fall head over heels in love with the first good looking dude she sees. She fills her best friend in on everything strange and sinister that happens to her. Her best friend, Lesley, is a keeper, too. She keeps a cool head and does research on time traveling devices when Gwyn is in the 1910's having tea with her great great grandmother.
Is a very Americana style driving rocker along the lines of a heavy Bob Seger with a killer chorus
Bah the goat, who never says anything but "bah!" gets up one morning, and finds a sock in front of his trashcan. He takes it down to his friend, Beep the robot, who never stops talking. Beep knows just what to do, "We must find its match!" and immediately they set off.
Karena who fostered Lenny for us has turned into a God send and a foster failure. Not only did she fall in love with this big hunk, she agreed to foster another! Charlie moved in and followed the same path as Lenny , and gets to stay where he is too ! Karena also is a jewelery rep and to help us is donating 20% of her sales to Hearts On Noses until the end of March!
Next Club Meeting
And that message seems to be getting through to corporate America. In the first seven episodes of “GCB,” 154 companies have advertised on the show. Of those 154 advertisers, 112 advertised only one time. That’s a 73% withdrawal rate!
I am going to talk about a very sensitive subject of mine, and one that I hold dear and will not tolerate from anyone. The subject is respect versus disrespect. This one goes primarily for women and children, but does go for men as well. Disrespect towards anyone is very uncalled for and inappropriate, but it seems the most disrespect is towards women and children, and that really upsets me. Men are the ones who usually disrespect people, some women do it too, but from what I have seen, it’s primarily men. The reason this is so sensitive to me is because of the high respect I hold for women and children; and the fact that I am a very protective person.
The half-silhouette of a tombstone was left embracing its own shadow.
CS: none
It is during these tenuous times where we look to our American brothers and sisters for help and support, we see EDL members imprisoned for very “minor” offences, then thrown in jail only to be beaten by known Islamic terrorists gangs. It is as if the government want to intimidate us into silence, however we will not be intimidated, we will never surrender.
These ideas are simple to create and absolutely unique and adorable. Get your creativity going, and if you love unique and interesting way of decorating for holiday, these decor ideas are just for you.
The book was really fantastic. At this moment, I realized that why people call books as their best friend. Now, I am planning to start with another book. I hope, I will enjoy that too and make them as my best friend…
Just remember that corgis know how to have a good time,
1. Brown Road Chronicles -Steve writes about country living and throws in a hysterical poem now and then. His post on goats was very creative. I wish I had the time to visit his blog more often. Head on over and say hi.
Have a look at the photos and let me know what you think of how it is coming along (you might want to click to see the enlarged):
6. Try to peep in their FB’s or other social networking sites, You can see mostly interacting with them are women. They comment, like non-stop, they look so desperate fighting for one piece of meat =P
I did think about adding more to the post, some thoughts I have had about the first archaeological findings we were introduced for, coinage, weights and other things, which made me think about the role of Iliya, but I think I’ll keep that for the next post on the subject. An introduction should be enough for this time.
–The “Do You Weigh More Than an Elephant?” Test
NO EXCUSES :o)
Memo to Developers and Politicians: Withholding information from the public is no longer tolerated or possible. Calling a condo an “environmental estate” is laughable. Thinking that using the word “sustainable” will fool the majority of the people is, well, unsustainable.
If we leave things as they are, after March 1st or 12th, I'm not exactly sure of the date, it appears we automatically turn into a Facebooky social networking situation, an all-inclusive, systematically tracked and profiled, total void of privacy; whatever is said in blogs, comments and emails will be scrutinized for the stated purpose of personalized advertisements popping up apparently whenever we connect to the web. And where we go, we are advised, will be linked with where we've been, where we go next and how they classify the individual user, all wrapped in one tidy package to improve our overall individual internet experience. Really! Then count on whomever else comes into the mix up the road apiece, someone with the innovative moxie of the moment, as pretty much a guarantee to take it even further and deeper into previously unknown dimensions of connectivity and hog snorting glee as the anticipated profits rain down. You will have to decide for yourself what those dimensions of the future could mean and how they could affect you. It may suddenly take on new weight in your thoughts concerning your participation in the program.
As the film opens, Simon and his band perform the title song at the Agora Ballroom in Cleveland. The mise en scène studiously captures both the vocal and instrumental labors of the group (there's a significance to this dual attention), with close views of the kick drum and guitar fretboards: this is a group with musical talent. Also, when the scene begins, we are mid-set, and every band member is in full concentration, dripping with sweat: this is a serious, industrious group.
Cognac
There are things we don’t always understand. I don’t know if I will ever understand. But sitting in her room those few days before her service, thumbing through her journal of poems, they began to read as a story. And I got the feeling that she knew. Knew that her time was coming to an end. But could she have known? Was that possible? Or had I read them all wrong?
The company says sales have “exceeded expectations,” and adds that global software sales have surpassed two million units, including both retail purchases and software downloaded via the company’s PlayStation Network.
(they have been resting in their folder for a while, but now I'm back to practising!)
Dress: Paper-pieced (blue areas shaded with chalk)
5. Gardens. Gardens are pretty. They have lots of flowers. And nature. And they’re peaceful.
going to get my life straightened out. Something is great, something can be
Ground almonds- 60 gms (refer notes)
These were some of the 2009 horrors that I hadn't managed to see before getting started on the #towatchlist (and were consequently added).
Lake breezes that bring some relief on a scorching summer afternoon are thought to move more slowly through Chicago than through the surrounding suburbs. Scientists at the Illinois State Water Survey have discovered that this is often not the case and have gained new insights into the mysteries of how cities affect winds off a lake.
I guess that’s why I get emotional about my home waters; they’re so close but still so far away.
Yesterday did teach me something. In our minds bad things happen to other people, but it is unfortunate that women in particular are vulnerable and as such need to be aware of their surroundings and pay attention to the people in their immediate area. Fortunately, this didn’t turn out to be any more serious than a little scare, but it could have. I will never stop enjoying my walks or live my life being afraid, but it was a gentle nudge to remind myself I’m not invincible.
Ok, I suppose teachers answered this question, teachers are part of what we call Education, or at least should be part of it. Can you see this in another way? Or is it just me?
- 10 weeks before the AGM, an electoral officer will be appointed.
Mom finally comes home. She’s tired and goes straight to bed, taking it with her. I watch them sleep and wonder what the big deal is anyway. It doesn’t even look like a girl, with a thick patch of black hair on its fat head and as far as I can tell, no neck. It wakes up and starts screaming. I might have poked it by accident.
In the mean time, enjoy some fashion inspiration from Lauren Moffat's Fall 2010 collection...
I'll save you the long version of how I struggled with this and that in the area of IT, and skip to the part where a long time friend of mine's son helped me to FINALLY get off the ground and out of the muck! I"m so excited I can't stand it! It is still a work in progress and not as slick and groovy as I'd hoped, but it's there and it's real and functioning.
17:00 – Shīsā -Atelier Fuki*
Not creepy but noteworthy. It says a lot about the internet community and the quality of my blog that the most popular search term used to reach my little site is this. Of all the Soviet Russia jokes that I have heard only one was made me ‘lol’ and that was told by a dear and a hilarious friend who shall remained unnamed, so as to protect him from the hordes of envious comedy geeks which congregate, batlike, across the wide world of the internet. The rest of the terms, at least the interesting ones, can be divided into two loose categories.
Kyrie Eleison
Whether you have an iPad, a Kindle, a Samsung Galaxy, an iPhone, a Nintendo Wii, Playstation, almost anything whatever - they most likely have my art as skins to decorate it with! These are very longlasting, easy-to-apply, inexpensive and perfectly tailored to the device of your choice.
Zelda by Nancy Mitford
I'm crazy about this elephant print called Parade. I can picture euro shams made with it and it would also be darling on an accent piece like an upholstered stool. The second fabric here is Skittles and being a small scale print, it's super versatile. It would make a nice bedskirt (with poppy colored trim tape border), shower curtain, or tablecloth.
As you guys know that I liked Kpop so much, I wanted to write and talk about the bad side; the thing that people dislike and what is really not good. I’d like to write these things from my experience and knowledge about K-pop and keep it as objective as possible.
Velocity (£1299)
The sequence continues as the people in the diner scramble madly to find shelter. Melanie herself runs to the protection of a phone booth, where she believes she will be safe. Hitchcock gives us several memorable overhead shots here, as we see that Melanie is now trapped - trapped like a bird in a cage. One by one, the birds hurtle themselves against the glass, with a few of them shattering it. The sound editing in this sequence - and really throughout the entire film - is brilliant and makes this section of the film that much more terrifying.
And do not for a second think that directors aren’t putting excruciating thought and time and detail into designing and staging those scenes. There’s not a director out there who is not in the back of his (or her, but statistically mostly his) mind hoping to make cinematic history (or at least the Top 100 AFI Scenes of All Time list in whatever genre) with those scenes. These are scenes that often cost so much money that producers will not under any circumstances allow them to be cut, even if in editing they are clearly non-essential to the plot.
My poor doggy is back at vets again. His paw has not healed since his op 5 weeks ago so in for a biopsy today. Maybe we can get down to the nitty gritty of why it's not healing.
The lipstick in "Sand Gold" is a nice pretty color, gives a nice sheen to the lips, and is perfect for the summer for that natural sun-kissed glow.
Some phenomenologists talk about a “storied sense of place” and my understanding of that is that when we enter an environment we begin to create a ‘story’ that comprises of our experiences in the landscape as well as our physical and intuitive awareness of the place: we impose a narrative structure rather than simply becoming aware of one. The writer Barry Lopez illustrates this here:
Harissa is the North Africans’ answer to hot chili paste, commonly used in Moroccan, Algerian and Tunisian food. You can use with couscous, soup and pasta. From a bit of research (for my grocery list) looks like the main ingredients in the paste are: chili peppers, garlic, salt, olive oil, coriander, caraway seeds and cumin.
Contact: Andrew at Prime Casting. Office number 1-323-962-0377
Today, children who show too much energy, character or strength are being willfully sedated with powerful drugs which directly affect the way their brains function. Are we going in the right direction here?
Since I want to fill this album with pictures taken at my daughter´s prom night and give it to her grandma "Dancing Tilda" was the perfect image for the front. Papers are by DCWV and Laura Ashley, saying by Studio G.
Another page from the 1930's art scrapbook from the hand of a young lady long ago!
Hope you found this insight useful.
One has to go back to the 1930s when, as today, world capitalism was gripped by a desperate economic crisis to find fitting parallels. Then, mankind was stunned by the savage aggression unleashed in the Italian invasion of Ethiopia, Hitler’s backing of the Sudeten Germans to achieve the carve-up of Czechoslovakia, and the dispatch of the German Condor Legion to bomb Spain on behalf of Franco’s fascist insurgency.
Then we grabbed a slice of traditional NY style pizza and headed back to Charlies. So sad. My trip was coming to a close. So much more to see. And waaaaaay too many more places to eat! My trip ended the way it started. In a cab.
Daddy gave me his phone because I was getting bored. How did they expect a busy boy like me to stay behind a curtain and wait for an hour?
Pete Brown's in fine form and having a jolly old time too as he gave us some advice on how to taste and appreciate beer prior to our first glass of the evening being poured.
Whilst I support the right to demonstrate and make a peaceful protest, I can’t help wondering whether the protestors have missed an opportunity but prolonging the protest and, at the same time, have lost considerable public support.
After the message, he opened the altar up for all couples to pray: There were so many that they were kneeling in the isles. Josh had half stood and we were waiting for an opening at first, and finally we just sat, bowed our heads together, holding hands and silently prayed to God for our marriage. Tears rolled down my face; my husband (although not audibly/verbally) was praying with me and for us; this Josh, this man- I had not seen this side of him before. It was beautiful.
3 tbsp maple syrup
One of my favorite stories when I was a kid was a book called “The Enormous Egg.” It was the story of a large egg, found in a chicken’s nest that when hatched turned out to be a dinosaur (hey, it could happen.) The story ends happily (if you haven’t read it you should) and my entire life, I’ve been waiting and hoping to find a dinosaur egg in a henhouse.
Maternity clothes: I finally bit the bullet and bought some new jeans from Target and also a few new tops.
In northeastern Borno State, an explosion in a Boko Haram bomb workshop killed at least five.
point of a pulled pork sandwich is to savor laboriously prepared pork and (ideally) a sauce with a history. The bread should say as little as possible.
Cauliflower and Cumin Soup with Bruschetta for starters; Basque Chicken/Quorn for mains and ice cream/vegan version for pudding.
The hillside's dew pearled;
The projects will be shot entirely in Downtown Boulder and teams will be issued a list of elements that must be included in the movie.
Here's an audio recording, with the tuning fixed at 2182kHz. I've edited out the silences between received transmissions.
But I’d rather go on
Weiner claims that both his Twitter and Yfrog accounts were hacked. However, today Weiner says that he
Being so good at the Houdini act leads to stress elsewhere. That stress comes out when I am drunk. I have moments of Jekyll and Hyde, when one minute I am all fine and dandy and the next minute I am asking him "Do you love me?" It rains on the entire parade because he never answers that question anymore and then I start to get tears in eyes, which I try to promptly hide. The mental damage inside of me is already done.
Love you all,
My Memories Suite was sufficiently easy for the beginner (me). I am thankful I'm computer savvy, though, but if you hover over different buttons for the screen tip, anyone can easily get started, even someone who isn't all that computer savvy. What I liked best is I didn't have to think, or create, my own "things". I just basically used the "drag and drop" method to pull things over and then simple editing tools to change colors and shading. The package comes with some papers and embellishments, very basic. Of course, there are plenty of add-ons over at their site, where I spent many hours browsing and downloading. There are many FREE downloads, and then the priced packages are there too, which are much more robust. And, if you have downloaded digi supplies from other vendors, you can pull those in too while you're working on a layout.
The cheese will be melted, the crust will be crisp and you'll swear the delivery man just handed you a piping hot fresh pie.
We did have an awkward moment when my gynecologist was there dancing with his wife. Apparently, she fell at IHOP and is suing because she hurt her hand and had to quit her job teaching home ec. Her hand didn’t seem to bother her when she was swing dancing and doing all the different turns and holds.
Independent of this most recent financial report, the issue is that “safe” doesn’t consistently move the needle in terms of sales.
by Leland Gregory
European capitalists also desire the ability to challenge the United States for economic supremacy, but cannot do so without the combined clout of a united continent. This wish underlies the anti-democratic push to steadily tighten the European Union, including mandatory national budget benchmarks that require cutting social safety nets and policies that are designed to break down solidarity among wage earners and different regions by imposing harsher competition through imposed austerity. These rules are designed by central bankers to benefit European big business. Europe’s capitalists and central bankers are no less shy about adopting neoliberal ideology than their counterparts elsewhere, but are reliant on a supranational project to override national governments that must contend with popular resistance.
“There has been tragedy but we will rectify it all” Leranhin said as he watched the Rollin step inside and turn to face him. He could see that the Rollin was grasping with questions through a cloud of terror just as ephemeral as the visible cloud of Leranhin’s own emotion and thought, that filmy gray haze. “You have already gone a goodly way toward fulfilling your duty though still far. It is time you came to our defense.”
Last month, according to a recent report in the Times, grave robbers were seen digging pits in the ancient Mycenaean cemetery on two occasions before a farmer raised the alarm. Without any official support, local people mounted their own guard for ten nights running in an attempt to scare the thieves away. Nikolas Zirganos, a journalist who has helped to retrieve pillaged artefacts places the problem in a bigger context;
according to which the neighbouring country’s authorities are investigating a new lead, allegedly provided by the Portuguese police, about the whereabouts of Madeleine McCann.
To run an efficient practice, it is imperative to put the right person in the right job-if you want to know that job will be done just the way you would have done it. To achieve this efficiency, the employer must know each employee’s strengths and weaknesses. And the employer may even have to go as far as making employees aware of their own strengths and helping them work toward enhancing those strengths.
Start diggin'!
Those whose actions suggest otherwise dishonour Malaysia and its history.
“The Jazz & Heritage Festival is a time when we celebrate our strength and diversity through artistic expression and the High Note Collection reflects that.”
295Fair eyes, and tempting looks (which yet I view!)
Sanjeeta: Thank you, make this!
Some cover designs are just lazy. They use stock photos that have been used on a hundred other covers and they use unimaginative design and uninspiring fonts. You can grumble about this, but what it says really is 'yours is a routine book - it's not a list leader and we can't afford a better cover'. The publisher will struggle not to say this to you, so I will. They can't afford to set up a photo shoot with models who look like your characters; they can't afford to commission original artwork from Quentin Blake; they can't afford that better picture from Getty. No amount of author-whinging is going to get the budget increased. If you can find a better picture from a cheap picture agency, you could pitch that. But I don't give much for your chances if the rest of the design has been done.
marvel now
That wealth sticks out in a part of the country that has become an increasingly dangerous drug trafficking corridor.
So... Should you not help/donate to *insert charity*? That's not what I'm saying. It's your money, your time, your prerogative. Do whatever you want if it makes you feel better and happier! I'm sure donating to your favourite foundation brings you the same joy as buying a new gadget, so do whatever pleases you. As I said, I don't tell people what to do - I'm just giving you my viewpoint.
Is this it? Really, is this just it Diane? Do we really have to end our hanging story?
A4 Decoupage/Pyramage die-cut sheet - For Her x 2
1385 **D-V/17/2001. “C. P. Cavafy and the Perpetual Clashes of Cultures.” Lenoir-Rhyne College Hickory Humanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6), above, pp. 194-206, and in Item C-2002(9), above.)
Additionally, retailers sometimes change their advance promotion plans or announce late additions, so for example your chick lit novel could be bumped from April to July because the Sales department reckons there’s a good chance that Waterstones will put it in chick lit three-for-two they are planning that month. Various factors make publishers reluctant to shift a pub date – for example, the book may already have appeared in the publisher’s catalogue – but the prospect of a significant boost to sales will win out every time.
I talk to the controller from my true Self – sharing an image that comes to me: chanterelles in the wood. ( I pronounced it “Chantarel” and the word-correcting program suggested “Archangel.” Which is really appropriate, as you will see in a while.)
When I put together this blog, it was meant to raise awareness for media I felt has squandered a lot of potential. I feel many of the world’s problems have to do with perception. The United States is acclaimed to be the representation of one-world coming together. We see much diversity as far as content is concerned, but not enough diverse faces to represent them.
5. taking a nap
During Friday Fling , I share with you a "just for fun" romance book or novella that I read and really enjoyed. It will generally be a "mini review" instead of a full review and I'll often stray from my YA focus into the realm of adult romance (which, in case you're curious, is my not-so-guilty pleasure). These are books that I think are fun, quick reads that are definitely worth checking out!
I copied somewhat the Scandi Mei Tai Design but changed it slightly. The main differences to the tutorial is that I made the top a firm flap that could be turned up to support & snuggle the baby's head or folded down to allow for more freeing head movements. I used polar fleece to pad the strap that goes around my waist only. Mine is reversible. And I made the straps around my shoulders much wider and tapered them in so the straps hugged around my shoulders not on them - I think this is what made it so super comfy.
Thanks for stopping by and I hope you have a Hoppy Easter!
This lens is treated with a PENTAX-original Aero Bright Coating, which ensures outstanding anti-reflection performance over a broader wavelength range to deliver images that are brighter and of higher quality. Created using PENTAX’s advanced nanotechnology, this exclusive coating reduces lens reflections and greatly improves light transmittance by forming a silica aerogel layer with uniform pores on the surface of the optical elements.
Then we did our Easter baskets.. I don't have many pictures of that but clearly Grant was so excited about getting some new flip flops! I feel the same way when I get new shoes!
Top coats... Loving the swing coat with a sheath style dress underneath... a going-out-to-dinner dressed up look... I am all for dressing up and I am definitely up for a dinner...
There is a way that seems right to man but in the end it is the way of death.
10:00 Keynote: Professor John Robison (1739-1805)
2) the entrance to the Reformation Museum; and
The nursing home has faithfully and quietly served the community for 80 years. Along the way, its seen some prominent and very, very old residents (like 111-year-old Benjamin Kotlowitz). Last year, due to mounting debts and "inadequate Medicaid reimbursement," the home was forced to close for good.
Changing the status-quo has never been a reassuring process, but I think the time is ripe to rethink the whole past we’ve been somewhat comfortable living.
I still need to hang art on the walls, and we're going to place a glass shelf in the storage cubby and pack it with some bathroom necessities. The "grand finale reveal" will come next week!
When the Risen Christ suddenly appeared in their midst, their reaction was shocked incredulity. They simply could not believe their own eyes.
11% of students in grades 6-8 said they had cyberbullied another person at least once in the last couple of months and 2% said they had done it two or more times (Kowalski et al., 2005);
It is true that many classics are old. The reason they are classics is that they have withstood the test of time by remaining relevant and entertaining decades or even centuries later. Some classics are new and reviewers revel in finding the next new classic. As a tween or teen it is really exciting to read a new book and have the tingling sensation of knowing that you are holding a book that people decades from now will read. One of those future classics may well be Down the Mysterly River by Bill Willingham. Readers who have a lot of reading under their belts will recognize the impact reading classics has on the understanding of so many other reading experiences. There were so many tiny details that related to classics.
Being Elmo’s achievements may be limited by the focus of its premise, but it is nevertheless a fascinating portrait of a person whose influence stretches across nations and generations but whose face is unknown to nearly all. Even those who resist Elmo may find themselves warming up to puppet after learning about the character's benevolent creator. Its message may be too deliberate, but, like the show that has given us Elmo and countless other memorable characters, Being Elmo inspires because of the simplicity and earnestness with which it delivers that message. (Constance Marks, 2011) *** / *****
A week in review a great Canadian game has infected the charts of the mother land… I mean the UK showing Canadian ingenuity and the power of a strong plot, disturbing yet enjoyable game play mechanics and a chilling backdrop of New York City.
However, I bought a weekly meal planner the other week (not that meal planning is new for me, but having a nice, pretty meal plan on the fridge door is) and while I was trawling through my recipes, I thought WHY ON EARTH NOT.
When I first moved in I was very quiet and barely left my room. This didn’t change much for the year. Due to issues I moved out and into a new flat which I found out was so much better and more friendly.
A court order was also issued the last time, barring 91 targeted individuals from entering the city. Police also reportedly carried out random checks to look out for any Bersih 2.0 paraphernalia as Bersih 2.0 had been declared “illegal”.
If you could meet the President of the United States, what would you say to him?
It is of cardinal importance that one should abolish the true world. It is the great inspirer of doubt and devaluator in respect of the world we are: it has been our most dangerous attempt yet to assassinate life.
“Former Metronet employees have been allowed back into the TfL Pension Fund (TfLPF) and now also have the same travel facilities as other LUL employees. Tube Lines is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Transport for London and there is simply no excuse for refusing to give equal pension and pass rights."
With that I went back to work.
A soft ding! was heard.
Is anyone brave enough to bet that they won't all want to move to Britain if they are allowed to join?.
That, of course, is if everyone involved in truly interested in bringing us a clean sport.
Dr. Tejas Shah
covered them in your torrid skin,
This shit JUST. PLAIN. FUCKING. RULES.
Of family fades each day, then comes back just yet another way, for Orange has been
I’m getting annoyed with this guy….. he’s working the Tebow angle too much. How he calls this a worship song, I don’t know. I never knew Lifehouse was a Christian band, but maybe they are. Regardless, I thought this song was pretty boring, and although it appeared emotional for him, I was unmoved. No doubt this is because of my anti-bringing-religion-into-music-competitions-just- leave-them-in-church bias. (Although, if it were Joshua Ledet, I would believe him because it would be who he is.) So there you go. Not my favorite tonight. My enthusiasm for Colton has waned a bit this week….. I thought there were some pitch issues… often a deal breaker for me. Also it’s time to ditch the skinny jeans; they make him look like a spidery, freaky stick bug.
Golden City Brewery Golden Gose
We love you very much!
Store in your heart that all is still good and fair;
While the U.S. achieved savings in freight and warehouse costs due to the decreased volume, those savings were more than offset by the decline in shipping and handling revenue previously mentioned.
Paddy is still on the witness stand – actually a dais about a foot off the ground with a desk and a chair – and tomorrow is likely to concentrate on the next strand in the narrative – that Paddy hasn’t a bucket to pee in. A lot of the information around Paddy’s wealth is confidential, at least at present and tomorrow will begin with a closed session where it seems the respondents may ask for more openness in terms of Paddy’s finances and the investors he claims to now have.
So cute right?
. Dirty Rotten Scoundrels (1988) – IMDb Movie News; TV News; Celebrity News; Featured News; IMDb Snapshot; Year in Review. I was in a theater, and a trailer for "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" came on. Dirty Rotten Scoundrels (film) – Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Dirty Rotten Scoundrels is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Frank Oz.. Dirty Rotten Scoundrels (film) at the Internet Movie Database; Dirty Rotten Scoundrels (film) at. Visit Answers.com for Cast, Crew, Reviews. Plot: Dirty Rotten Scoundrels is a remake of the 1964 film farce. All about Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels Reviews, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels Story, Cast and Crew, Video Clips and Trailers, Photos and Photo Gallery, News, Trivia. "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels , Movie Ratings & Reviews, Cast & Crew, Clips & Videos, Posters & Gallery, Layouts & Lists, Fan Club & Showtimes" Dirty Rotten Scoundrels – Movie Review Dirty Rotten Scoundrels Reviews & Movie Ratings for kids and families. Dirty Rotten Scoundrels: Dirty Rotten Scoundrels Movie Reviews
Kat Dennings.
God, over all. God above all, leading all, guiding all, comforting all.
the other side of CNN
I'm teaching my teens the importance of credit as well. Not that I want them to have a credit card now, but it's not too early to start preparing them. I tell them that they need to have wise spending habits if they want to buy a house in the future. Banks won't loan them money for a house if they overspend and don't pay their bills in a timely manner. And even though my teens are not considering buying a house or even getting a credit card at this point in their lives, they can certainly establish wise spending habits now.
Lamarr and Antheil worked on the idea for several months and then, in December 1940, sent a description of it to the National Inventors Council, which had been launched with much fanfare earlier in the year as a gatherer of novel ideas and inventions from the general public. Its chairman was Charles F. Kettering, the research director of General Motors. Over its lifetime, which lasted until 1974, the council collected more than 625,000 suggestions, few of which ever reached the patent stage. But according to Antheil, Kettering himself suggested that he and Lamarr develop their idea to the point of being patentable. With the help of an electrical engineering professor from the California Institute of Technology they ironed out its bugs, and the patent was granted on August 11, 1942. It specified that a high-altitude observation plane could steer the torpedo from above.
* I omitted the green pepper because 1) I didn't have any AND 2) Although I enjoy their flavor, green peppers always give me "tummy trouble".
This is a board I made for the living room. I've since changed my mind on a few things, but I still want the same feel for the room. I absolutely love this color palette and I think my two green chairs are going to look fabulous in the space. I have already purchases some amazing art for behind the couch, but I would love to paint an abstract piece like this one for somewhere else in the apartment.
But their curiosity can’t be denied.
27-30.12, no classes at 0600 because most people will be off work, the 0900 and 1800 classes will be on as usual
handful toasted almond slices
There is NOTHING wrong with asking questions, nor should anyone ever be afraid to ask one ... but sometimes it will pay off to find the answer yourself if you can.
$75 = 150 bricks
*TIP: This batter will keep in your refrigerator for up to 3 days.
He proposed to me today, 15 years ago, today and it was “of course” and “let’s plan” and “we’ve got the whole world ahead of us” and “amen” and “thank you.”
The ones that I want you to use are books written by Native authors. Each of them feature Native girls. I'm sharing those three today for a specific reason. Most people, when they think of American Indians, think of "chiefs" or "braves" or "warriors" --- males, in other words. This is, I think, in large part due to history books and historical fiction that focuses on wars, and "hostile Indians" who attack those poor innocent settlers. What gets lost in that narrow depiction is that those men (not "chiefs" or "braves" etc.) have mothers and sisters. They may have daughters, too! And as for "hostile" ---- they were fighting, not because they were "bloodthirsty savages" but because they were protecting their homelands! And, they were protecting their grandparents, mothers, wives, children...
Samsung happen to be relieving two different inclusions in their very own UltraRange, the earliest remaining a Samsung SGH F300 Particularly Popular music Cellular phone as well as secondly remaining the following a Samsung SGH F500 Particularly Video recording Cellular phone. Either of your models are actually geared up by using a exceptional increase face structure utilizing a person section specialist towards Popular music Battler plus while in the instance of your F500 a huge 2.3 inch display screen when a various face is without a doubt specialist for the reason that mobile again by using keypad including a little monitor display, having said that it is actually precisely the F500 Especially Training video which will options for a 3G mobile handset.
There is one section of the poem that I read over and over again, “After months of eager anticipation, the day finally arrives. You pack your bags and off you go. Several hours later, the plane lands. The stewardess comes in and says, “Welcome to Holland.” “Holland?!?” you say. “What do you mean Holland?? I signed up for Italy! I’m supposed to be in Italy. All my life I’ve dreamed of going to Italy.” But there’s been a change in the flight plan. They’ve landed in Holland and there you must stay.”
These are the three major areas although there are some sub groups that promote too much hostility to comment on at this point.
Oregon Garden Resort Brewfest Package
07. All Day And All Of The Night
You can’t find the phone, so you can call it off
Saudi Arabia
May all beings be at ease.
Hint: Add1/2 cup of fresh mixed or 2 tablespoons of dried Italian herbs and 3 crushed garlic cloves to dough before combining wet and dry ingredients, for extra tasty pizza and calzone dough, or herb and garlic rolls.
Faced with “revolutionary change” – alongside the collapse of many traditional certainties about family, community and religion – the central question of modern democratic politics was how best to provide economic security and social stability within rules “accepted by society as a whole – and enforced”. He also defended Labour’s wary pro-Europeanism against the “insular nationalism” which papers like the Sun have promoted.
Editing your query line by line to make it spectacular assumes we could agree on what is spectacular and assumes what makes your query spectacular would also make other queries spectacular. I don't think we'd agree on either of those.
speak soon , everyone and enjoy your weekend , take care love HELEN XX
"Cherub, go back to your seat and be friends, no more tattles, give hugs instead of tattles."
Today was busy but fun. First I ran over to Kid's Kloset to deliver some of the jeans I had altered and to leave an invoice for an outstanding alteration project. I love hemming jeans because it is so easy and relaxing, but it also provides a bit of extra cash for my other crafty projects. The funny thing is that whenever I go to the store to deliver a pair of finished jeans, the clerk will say, "Oh I'm so glad you're here! I have more jeans for you!" That has happened twice this week. It is such a blessing to have a little money-maker that uses my natural inclinations and gifts. Thanks, God.
Traffic Lights
that may just help others, so here you have:
"Forgive Manuel."
We took them to the Getty Center on Saturday. They seemed to enjoy themselves, but I had the feeling that, being unfailingly polite, they were putting on a brave face for us while they were so stressed and worried about what their families were enduring back home. I felt like an idiot when I started freaking out when I thought I lost my wallet – because really, how could I go on without those five dollars and my driver's license? I fail at perspective.
So hurry, while you still have a chance to complete your collection. This opportunity may never be repeated.*
After hearing that The Avengers comes out a week earlier over here in Korea, I was definitely down to go on opening day. Luckily, some co-workers had the same idea, and one of them — another guy who digs comic book movies — said this awesome line:
I’ve rather diverted from abstract data into the human impact but it does highlight that these are not mere numbers we’re looking at. If you are interested there is another brilliant source of information and mapping on the Famine which includes more wide-ranging data taken from the census. It is a book called “Mapping the Great Irish Famine”[ii] and is well worth buying or borrowing if you have an interest in these topics. This online article provides some background on it.
I shall rush out as I am, and walk the street
Whathappened?
Authorship and Copyright Notice : All Rights Reserved : Satya Sarada Kandula.
It’s all over; the great friendship of two publicity seeking self absorbed people is over.
Remove a few cheesecake squares at a time from the freezer. Have another parchment lined sheet ready. Working quickly, dip each side of the cheesecake square in white chocolate. I found that with frozen squares, I could hold it with my index finger on top and thumb on the bottom, and rotate all 4 sides through the white chocolate. The coating would harden in just a few seconds, then I could dip the top, and finally the bottom of the squares by holding the sides. The square could then be placed on the parchment lined sheet to finish hardening. If you want to adorn the tops of the squares with something like sanding sugar, have it ready and be prepared to work quickly if you want it to stick! Repeat with remaining squares, rewarming the white chocolate as necessary.
The marketing intern will assist with market research, student enquiries, website development, online social media, marketing, and administrative tasks. The intern will work primarily with the education team while supporting the investment and trade teams as needed.
Now lets translate this to the real world: You’re down the pub. You’re chatting with your mates. A similar conversation starts to take place – this girl was asking for it. ‘Yeah’, you mumble into your pint. Then, one of your mates gets up on the bar and starts shouting this to the whole of the rest of the pub – he runs outside and starts shouting it at the top of his voice to everyone in the street. With a megaphone. It turns out he knows her name, and starts shouting that out too. He produces leaflets with this information and starts thrusting them at people, then runs off and starts posting them through letterboxes. If online anonymity morals were applied to this situation, you and all your mates would have copied him, and some people you don’t even know would join in, because they feel similarly aggrieved. But that’s not what you would do in real life, because you’d recognise it was wrong. You’d talk your mate down off the bar, thinking that maybe it was him who’d had too much to drink, and the barman would turf the lot of you out.
It's Sunday, so it's time for another Featured Stamper challenge! This week the honour goes to Kris (aka Krischer) who inspired me with her Olive and Artichoke card. Kris likes using the Top Note die, although I don't own that particular die, I thought the Label 17 Nestabilities would work nicely!! :) I changed the theme and colours of the original and omitted the sentiment, adding a couple of ribbons and a bow. :)
The rest of the evening was pleasant, but no match for the afternoon. Started with some Pondersosa Stomp and Ralph Soul Jackson. I had a delicious pork sandwich in the back of the Continental, and watched Barbara Mason...all excellent.
Here is what I made:
These midterms are especially painful but carry some sort of hope with them. As my winter quarter midterms quickly approach I am starting to realize that my college experience is quickly coming to a close as well. By the end of this week I will only have one quarter of midterms left to take and then it’s off to the “real world”. The nice thing about this is that I am optimistic about my future. I feel like DePaul University did an excellent job of providing me with the resources I need to graduate and I am thankful for that.
thinking about him and himself,
The High Intensity Interval Training is the key to RAPID weight loss as it stimulates EPOC or excess post oxygen consumption. The general jist of EPOC is, the higher your EPOC the more oxygen your consuming for longer which burns fat for longer after you’ve finished exercising. The saying work smart not hard comes to mind.
She blew out through her lips. “I found Aryc Colvin. He’s back here in California now. I flew back with him.”
provides a selection of clip art motifs. They cannot be adjusted or changed. You can load a saved photo. The zoom feature inherent in most iPad apps is nice, as is the highlight tool for specific colors. Unfortunately, there is little care in correcting colors so one ends up with some rather questionable combinations and placement. There has been no update to the app since May 2011; almost as if the developer forgot all about it.
The southern part of the area is about 60 miles from where I live and I know it very well. I’ve been going up to ‘the Lakes’ since I was in my teens. My parents bought a caravan there, which I ‘took over’ from them in the 80’s and I went up there as much as I could, with my own two daughters (and often one or more of my friends or theirs).
My buddy Chad and I had a long history…....all of it good. There isn’t enough space on ma blog to tell ya all that we did in high school…..
For ‘extra special occasions’ such as birthdays and anniversaries, Customer Care arranges ‘surprise memorable moments’ in true ‘Sonaisali style’ for guests to take home lifelong Sonaisali memories. A complimentary birthday or anniversary decorated cake plate is presented by the staff at the dining table, accompanied by serenaders singing a very special Fijian style ‘Happy Birthday’ or ‘Happy Anniversary’. For anniversaries, our housekeeping team also decorate the guest’s room/bure with flowers and delicious chocolate.
Thankfully, a knight in shining armour, disguised as a telephone repairman arrived today, and with a few pokes and pings; I've gotten my wings back.
It is not the actual responsibilities that age us. It is not the jobs we do, the homes we build, the families we create or the passing years.
collapsing with a blue sound
At first my hair was blown up and away much like these images that popped up all over my screen...
During the 2010 and 2011 trips, WKU groups successfully documented nearly 20 tornadoes, numerous damaging hail and wind events, and multiple flash floods. This year, from May 17 to May 31, the group plans to drive 7,000 to 8,000 miles across multiple state lines to continue that success, Dr. Durkee said.
2) Gently bring to the boil, then leave to simmer on a low heat for about 10-15 minutes, stirring every now and again, until it reduces to a puree. Take off the heat and leave to cool completely. Mix in the 50g almonds.
American Crafts Buttons - Neutrals
Well about 2 years ago I had my heart broken. It wasn’t the first time, but I sure as hell wasn’t used to it either. I was tired of turning into a complete mess. I was tired of watching my life crumble into pieces yet again. I was sick of feeling the worst pain I had ever felt in my life and promised myself I would never allow it to happen again.
“Shoot,” Krystal said.
Pineapple Vinaigrette:
d) July
*The Yellow Wall-Paper by Charlotte Perkins Gilman. To be perfectly honest, though I'd heard of this on occasion in the past, I really had no clue whatsoever what it was about. For some reason, even with a lack of knowledge, it scared me. Until Ana's review. After reading that, I knew this was a definite must-read! (It was also a reminder of how ridiculous it is to be afraid of books I don't know anything about...like one should need a reminder of something so basic.) POINT FOR ANA.
CPSIA addresses the problem of lead in children's products in a manner much like swatting a fly with a shotgun blast. Its scope wasn't limited to the "big guys" or the "bad guys," and it affects more than just businesses-- libraries, charities, thrift stores, even yard sales fall under its dominion. It allows no exceptions-- technically you can get an exemption for a particular item, but only if you meet an impossible-to-meet standard. And it covers waaaay more than just toys. Just about everything child-sized, child-colored or child-oriented or that a child 12 and under might touch is included, whether or not it's ever been a danger: clothing, ATVs, school supplies, bicycles, cell phones, lamps, books, hair ribbons, underwear, science kits, rocks, chairs, shoes, blankets, Cub Scout insignia, food-grade organic play-dough, and many, many other things you'd never have thought ought to be tested for lead in the first place. The requirements are so stringent that they amount to an outright ban on child-sized ATVs, bicycle tire valve stems, ballpoint pens with cartoon characters on them, rocks for geology class, thrift store clothing, charities that fix up bikes for poor kids, and books published before 1984. Even "adult novelties" aren't immune from being considered "children's products" by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), the government agency tasked with enforcing this law.
You should have seen my get-up, too. I was WAY over-dressed, compared to the rest of the crowd. But, they said to wear 80′s clothes! I really went all out: high black boots, fishnet stockings, jean shorts, bright turquoise halter under a black tank (“wife beater” — ugh. . . hate that term). I changed my outfit quite a few times, and then added some jingle jangles in the form of a chunky bracelet; a turquoise-jeweled silver ring; a long, dangling turquoise, green and silver necklace, and large silver hoop earrings. Then, I added a sparkly gold and black flowered headscarf, doubling as a headband. As a finishing touch: poofed up my hair, added some heavy turquoise/green eye shadow, mascara, and rouge — voila! I’m Pat Benatar. Or someone attempting to sing her infamous “Love is a Battlefield” song. So, yes, feeling very old and over-dressed, I almost left. But, then came the self-pep talk:
Me: OH, He’s so much better than Santa. Jesus is real and Santa is not.
Believe what you want, but this story is true.
In the end they took about three days of intermittent sewing, production line style. The instructions were very clear, but in all honesty I had a few difficulties in attaching the two different layers of hat together. Despite that, and a few wonky seams as a result, they did sew up quite nicely.
MYLUNE: The…cute little animals…burned…?
1 points
Clever. And Stiller’s appearance at the end sold it as a classic. I was reminded of “The Heat is On.” A-
Norbert
UNFORGETTABLE – CBS renewed everything else around it. Maybe they just forgot. Doesn’t look good.
Regardless of the facts, never let the other side be blameless. If they beat you to the phone, ring anyway and make a counter allegation against them. Again racism or homophobia are your friends. If you are not from a visible minority ethnic culture, may I suggest that that the phrase “You gay bastard” or similar is always useful. In extremis, allege sexual assault. It gives us something to bargain with when getting the other person to drop their complaint on a quid-pro-quo basis. This is particularly good where there are no independent witnesses. When it boils down to one word against another and nobody is ‘fessing up, CPS run a mile and you, my friend, are definitely on a walk out.
Sometimes: I say I'm going to go to bed early
You see, just because the media is constantly reporting bad things that happen all over the world, does not mean that it is statistically likely to happen to you or even someone you know. ZOMG!!! There are kids being kidnapped all the time, right?! And people being murdered in their homes by strangers! And, EEEEK! Strangers?! We have to teach our kids about how bad they are! If we let our kids outside unsupervised, they’ll get picked up by some creep in a white panel van and be tortured for months or years in their basements!!! I know, if we wrap our children in bubble wrap and lock them in the house with their video games, nothing bad will happen to them!
I personally enjoy hand made creations as I do believe that they taste better and provide such a better array of flavours to try. Genuinely worth trying. Highly recommended.
"Come on then ya young pups, the talking is over....let’s go!"
I have posted previously on the separate catastrophe over AIDS denialism by Thambo Mbeki, Mandela’s successor, that killed not only 2.5 million, largely Black South Africans because of appallingly ignorant health policy based on denying AIDS existed; it also killed one of Mandela’s sons. The white, Colored (Mixed Race) and Indian South Africans ignored the government’s delusions and largely protected themselves from AIDS. Not so the Black South African population. Imagine the uproar if this had been done by the white Apartheid government?
I had been thinking that Jamie Oliver was able to negotiate London’s traffic pretty well on his little scooter, however Batman felt that this was a little “sissy”. We went back to the drawing board, and I suggested that as we are now “in the future”, hoverboards should have damn well been invented by now. Batman baulked at this, fearing that he might fall off into a water feature if he was chased by a gang of youths. I told him that he was Batman, and Batman “Don’t get chased by no one”. Batman puffed out his chest, and said that I was correct, “Batman don’t get chased by no one. And if they even dreamed about chasing Batman, they had better wake up and apologise”. I told Batman to stop lifting jokes from Spike Lee films. Batman apologised profusely.
You could tell he had a family that took care of him: his fur was smooth and clean and he looked well-fed. I didn’t want to just leave him there, knowing the weather or other animals would destroy his body. So I organized a squirrel funeral.
I think the biggest change in me this year is that I no longer really care what people think about the fact that I homeschool. Initially, I felt the need to explain why we were homeschooling. I felt like I had to convince people that it is a good option and in Casia's best interest. Now, frankly, I don't give a damn. I'm tired of explaining myself, only to find that people that are against the idea, still think I'm making a mistake. I'm tired of being asked how Casia's going to get the 'appropriate socialization' or how am I qualified to teach her what she needs to learn and how do I even know what she needs?
‘Because they have despised the law of the Lord,
What implications does this have to the PAS Supporter’s Congress? Are the PAS Supporter’s Congress full and equal voting rights worthy yet? If PSC are equal in voting rights, will the non-Muslims in the PSC be affected by the Bai’ah Oath? See Hadi? A shade (quite light) of Asabiya. You never thought about the non-Muslim members (who many not even be equals in the PSC) and left them out in your statement. Or did the media portal omit?
As for this morning’s walk, there are no herons along the creek that I can see under the overcast light gray sky and clouds that bring intermittent rain. Trees and shrubs are filling out, the forest is filling in with new, green foliage and wildflowers such as Philadelphia fleabane and wild geranium polka dot nature’s dress.
And the gloomier outlook extends across party lines, including a steep decline in the share of Democrats who call the economy “good,” down from 48 percent in February to just 31 percent now.
Sanded smooth
The Modern Mini Challenge is a 5-week series that kicks off with a blog-hop of inspiring minis by your friendly neighborhood quilt bloggers. I love mini-quilts because—I admit it—I'm a paper-piecing nerd. I love complex piecing. If somebody thinks I'm insane for trying a project, then I know I'm doing it right. : ) But the crazier a block is, the less likely I am to make a lot of them, so minis are perfect. And even if you don't see yourself tackling a New York Beauty block, minis are the ideal place to try something new and think outside of the box.
In yet another piece of commentary at Hot Air that I recycle into a post, I'll use this morning's bit to give an outlay to the problems that al Qaeda is having. I've talked about this before elsewhere, but here it starts to show up from the OBL raid. As always with such commentary, it is posted 'as-is' with all spelling, grammatical and other errors for the amusement of any reader:
I have duly complied with their request, but my brain hurts from puzzling over what exactly they intend to compare with what.
If you want to mail cards to me- 9636 Autumn Leaf Way Reno NV 89506
6/27/09
*The Parthenon is the idea of Measure that we cannot live without.The future has no meaning without Measure.
I plan on exhibiting this print at the Wisconsin Visual Artist SouthCentral Chapter Group Show entitled “Kaleidoscope” at the Pyle Center:
My favorite, however, was the carrot.
Add some dimensional flowers.
Ultimately, by the time the shoot was complete, it had taken just over six hundred takes. Hardly what you'd call reliable. So what was being portrayed wasn't true at all, and the reality behind that video was far from the clockwork precision shown. Yet, if they'd decided to present the plain truth, using a spokesperson talking at viewers for two minutes, or through lines of text, a lot of people wouldn't have paid any attention. "Precision engineering makes our cars reliable." Would you be interested, let alone impressed?
"A Mary Sue (sometimes just Sue), in literary criticism and particularly in fanfiction, is a fictional character with overly idealized and hackneyed mannerisms, lacking noteworthy flaws, and primarily functioning as a wish-fulfillment fantasy for the author or reader. It is generally accepted as a character whose positive aspects overwhelm their other traits until they become one-dimensional."
Using a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whip the eggs and yolks in a large bowl on high speed about 5 minutes. In a medium saucepan, combine the water and sugar; simmer until it reaches the soft-ball stage, registering between 234-f degrees and 240-f degrees on a candy thermometer. Immediately transfer the syrup to a large heatproof liquid measuring cup.
Perhaps it’s the made up sleep which has put me in such a good mood and got me all enthusiastic or perhaps it’s the warmer weather Perth has been experiencing but I’m really eager to do things. I have lots of blog posts I want to write. I want to try some new healthy recipes using seasonal fruit and vegetables. I’m itching to start decorating the nursery and to sort through all the lovely clothes and other gifts we’ve received for Sophie. I’m keen to get out in the garden (Paul will laugh at that one as he jokes it’s been nine months since I’ve done any gardening). I want to go on picnics and enjoy the sunshine. I want to start getting organised for Christmas.
Being a cultural hybrid of Belgo-English, or Anglo-Belgian, or Belgish as my mother-in-law calls it, I have some engrained habits of both nationalities. My British side is tea obsessed. And one thing that is almost impossible to get in Belgium is a Decent Cup of Tea, mainly due to the lack of Decent Teabags. Belgians swear by the Lipton Yellow stuff which does a very good impression of being tea but tends more to the colour and flavour of sawdust.
actually going on, and from then on it got interesting. The talk of magic and witches up until that point just annoyed me because nobody was actually doing anything about it. I’m sorry, but electric appliances blowing up don’t really thrill me all that much. Post chapter 27, the plot suddenly picked up pace and there were twists and turns all over the place. By the end of the novel, which totally sets itself up for a sequel, I found myself actually wanting to know what will happen next.
with all I got physically, mentally, emotionally, and spiritually.
Today the Israeli government evacuated a tiny 'outpost' in the Binyamin section of the yesha(the Jewish part of Judea and Samaria, AKA the West Bank ) called Maoz Esther.
I took this shot from the fire pit after the boys started some twigs for a fire and then found the logs were soaked from all the rain. I thought the pinkish grey ash and the burnt out circle just looked cool.
Too difficult to ignore.
So last week, I decided to go ahead and open one pack of cards that I bought last weekend at Target. Las Thursday, I opened my first pack of Topps Lineage. Today, it's time to open a pack of 2011 Topps Attax.
Here are many of the accent management tips:
And with the continual statement of the specular, there is always the spectacle, and the image, and the concentration on the Gaze. And the Audience. The "peanut crunching crowd". Us.
Being in education I see the myth of sports perpetrated often. The myth is sold as this, if we don’t have sports little Billy will never learn, he’ll never get good grades. This often makes sense, until you have a young student tell you they didn’t have time to do their homework last night because they had practice. I will agree that sports do present mentors to young students in a different setting than the classroom. My wife reaped enormous benefits from her high school softball coach. I still think we need to look at what benefits we are actually receiving from these sports programs.
Jan 26 – Auditor-General Tan Sri Ambrin Buang clarifies his department’s 2010 report on the NFC, saying that they highlighted weaknesses in implementation of the project – but never mentioned anything on misappropriation of funds.
I sold two bangles at a small goldsmith’s stall in the marketplace. This gives me enough money for the time being.
Whatevah! No-one seems to have realised that if you tell everyone that you're on their side simultaneously today you'll get found out tomorrow.
I know I completed these two - looks like a Nine Patch and a Dresden - but I suspect they ended up as gifts for friends.
One of the blessings of getting to work at my church is that I get to work with some of my best friends. So I jumped up from my desk and ran to their offices to tell them this incredible news! I was and am still in such awe of how it seems the Lord is so clearly lighting this pathway for us.
I used a lot of the most recent releases from Spellbinders Paper Arts such as the S5-055 Layered Poinsettia, S4-340 Create A Flake Three and the popular Spellbinders Edgeabilities® E8-003 Classic Triple Scallop. Patterned papers are from Echo Park's Season's Greeting Collection. So I hope you can join us for a couple of creative hours!! It will be a great holiday addition to your home! Give them a call at (847)670-6095
I'm not expecting much out of it, but I think it would be fun anyway.^O^ And it would be cool if it did work out. I'd love to be able to go to places like London and Tokyo for photoshoots. Hell, I plan on doing that regardless of what happens with the agencies, it'll just mean I'll have to find my own way there.:P
The primary requirement of the mail coach was speed. They almost always traveled at night when the roads were less crowded. They also had the right of way. When the guard blew his post horn to signal the mail coach's approach, other vehicles on the road had to move aside, turnpike toll takers had to let them pass through without stopping or pay a fine, and the mail had to be ready at the post stops. Sometimes the coach didn't stop at all and the guard would toss the mail off and grab the deliveries from the waiting postmaster.
Maybe I’ll end up cutting those scenes when I go back to revise, but maybe I won’t. Maybe it was just the kick in the pants the story needed at that point in the plot. Maybe it will deepen both characters. And even if I cut those scenes, I got new insight into those two characters that must show through the rest of the novel. Which gives me an idea for a new pre-writing exercise.
Last, but not least. I created a minecraft cake. It was a mudcake, covered in buttercream icing, layered with marzipan and then I applied around 250 "pixels" made from plastic icing. This was my inspiration: A minecraft grass cube.
you can't experience true love
"With this proposal, we are codifying practices that had been in place for several years as a result of court decisions over the past decade," DEC Commissioner Pete Grannis said in a statement. "While improving the protection of rare species, these revisions also will benefit landowners, developers, local planners and others by providing clear guidance and predictability in planning and designing projects."
A U.S. court rejected a request by Louboutin to stop the sale of YSL shoes that are red all over, including the soles.
The plot here has that fluffy and really cheesy themes of growing up and being happy with your loved ones that are about as true as the letters on a $2 Hallmark card. The film tries really too hard in getting us to have us touched by everything that’s going on and quite frankly, I just couldn’t help but laugh at all of the cheese I was hearing from this script.
"Not since a long time ago." The man studied her face, then took a step toward her and held out his hand. "I'm-"
…Which is something I’ll chat about next week because this explainer took way longer than I was expecting it to. I’ll be taking a close look at Paolo Bacigalupi’s Windup Girl to help explain things (I know I’ve already reviewed it but I didn’t have time to discuss this aspect of it in the video and I needed to explain the whole culture thing first in order for us to all be on the same page)
My aligners at the beginning of invisalign and after:
We finished up with coffee in the apartment. All our business sorted, there was nothing left but to say adios for another year.
thanks for looking and I appreciate your patience with me over the gap of postings. Mainly due to having a 2 week holiday over Christmas and all my stuff is at work along with the PC!!
The accused was said to have been arrested and handed over to the police at Idimu Station, who arraigned him before the court on a two-count charge of unlawful entry and attempted murder, offences contrary to Section 320 of the Criminal Code, Cap.17, Vol. 2, Laws of Lagos State of Nigeria, 2003.
1:15-3:30 Panel 8: Dag Yngvesson, Tito Imanda, Eric Bordeleau, Natalie Boehler, Evyn Le Espiritu
DP's are from Echo Park (This&That), diecut, stamps and twine from PTI,
UPDATE: The crisis has been averted and a new (smudge-free) piece has successfully been added to my shoppe. Thank you for putting up with this high-strung perfectionist!! lol
* Taking a hay tractor and moving it down to the town hall.
PrincePeterofNewYork
You’d think Thom and I would go at it at our Monday night meetings—I’d thump my Bible and he’d debunk my beliefs and the others would vote for the most eloquent argument. A good old-fashioned rivalry: like the Yankees and the Red Sox, apples and oranges, vegetarians and cattle ranchers… you get the idea.
Build your own pizza bagels
I'm beginning to see a pattern in the women I find interesting; it could just be all women or just women my age.
“He was literally skin and bones with little or no muscle mass,” NJSPCA spokesman Matt Stanton said in a news release.
As slow-growing organisms, corals often take years, decades or even centuries to recover from a disturbance, further intensifying the effects of environmental or human-induced impacts.
Felt so good to let go of it now
Summer Ale
i love driving to athens & especially love driving down milledge & seeing
Away from the technical argument of Rotary over Linear there was one other factor which perhaps underlines the less publicised aspect of the designers’ role, budgets! But when we recall that Midland and Brawn were both teams managing a tight budget, this last issue makes sense. Both designers highlighted price as one of the major issues of the Rotary damper. McQuilliam starting by saying “They were mighty expensive, so not good value for money for the weight saving”. Zanders more recent recollection of the Brawn days provides this insight “I think a bigger argument against it for some teams, were the cost of such a Rotary damper. Depending on the specification, it was in the region of about €15.000 per piece”. With these being sealed dampers for each set up, a pair of dampers (€30,000) would be on the car and a multitude of other dampers pairs in the pits, each set up for different damping characteristics.
Bloody Sunday: A British soldier drags a Catholic protester on January 30, 1972. Paratroopers shot dead 14 civil rights marchers in Londonderry
They also might not have taken me completely seriously when I told them that I ALWAYS wake up during the procedure. So, I woke up during the procedure...
A few other tips: Do not run after any experiences. The mind can induce whatever experience it likes. Let your experience arise out of the receptive and surrendered mind and heart. Do not try to repeat an experience; it only makes you live in the past. Once you have had a spiritual experience there is a temptation to try to repeat it. It is best to let it settle down. True spiritual experience is ever new.
Me: What are you laughing at?
Saint Peter don’t you call me, ‘cause I can’t go
Good morning! Today, Alex has asked us to post a reflection on April's A-Z Challenge. What can I say? The challenge is perhaps the most intense and exciting thing I've participated in since I started blogging over 4 years ago. Sadly, I wasn't able to post every day (and I'm STILL trying to catch up on all the emails, comments, and NEW FOLLOWERS I have received! Don't give up on me yet, guys!
Then, thinking he successfully avoided naptime, came in to play legos. I said "Jack, just don't let your sister get into your box of Legos - there are small pieces in there she'll try to eat."
and I was on my way home at least.
How much more?
4. Autism has Strengths as well as Weaknesses
If today were my last day on Earth, how would I be living it?
Could he really put up much of a run and fight against Chav Harry the rocker and his friends? He looked like he'd have trouble getting onto a chair! The big problem was time though. Black Pudding would be here soon and the fight was tomorrow! Moon needed a band of doggy brothers NOW dammit!!
Three words that sum up total destruction and devastation: Write A Book. I’m not writing a book. Nobody would buy it. Nobody wants to read about yet another woman who got her heart stepped on. It’s an old story, one filled with clichés and stupidity. But that’s what he told me when confronted with the betrayal of a 20 year relationship. Write a Book.
“Nothing,” she replied, reaching for her wine and taking a big sip.
I remember the night I saw it. I remember the cheap yellow carpeting in my parents’ livingroom. It had no give; it dug into my knees as I leaned in to peer at the TV screen. The picture was clear enough, that wasn’t the problem; I just had to keep the volume really low, because everyone else was asleep. It was 1 am.
These markers are available as pre-orders from many places, and will be shipping in February. Come to our booth at CHA and you can see them for yourself. Booth #2390
In that novel, he wrote about West Texas, the drought of the 1950s, and the cowboys and the cattle that suffered under the brutal onslaught of heat, wind, and no rain. Today, I felt that same suffering as I filled up the cattle troughs with well water – the scorching sun making it uncomfortable just standing in the straw-dry grass. I glanced around and saw mostly rocks in the pasture – very little in the way of grass or brush that the few cows I have could eat. There’s several burros too – not much for them to eat either. The big round bale of hay is dry as sand, but they all chew on it – occasionally.
One lucky winner will receive 3 digital stamps (single images) with her (his?) choice! It's a monthly challenge, so you have plenty of time to enter.:D
He’s been a lifeline to that young Hamilton woman and her mother — whom he texts nearly every day, keeping tabs on her recovery and offering support.
And once you master the rules
To children ardent for some desperate glory,
Using your position to accomplish petty objectives that don’t lead toward accomplishing the goals and objectives of your work group will cause you to weaken the trust and respect that you‘ve worked hard to achieve. You are in a position of trust by those who work with you and they depend on you to do the right things and maintain a level playing field.
I've also found out this week that you're a sugar-fiend, just like your Momma! Whenever I eat something sugary (Teddy Grahams and Ice Cream seem to your favorites so far) you must go on a sugar high because you'll move so much I can't help but imagine that you're in there just dancing around! It's pretty entertaining, and when I tell your Daddy that I can feel you moving he gets this big grin on his face and it makes his day. We're both anxiously awaiting the day he can actually feel you move, too!
and a clatter of claws,
*way back in the day when five bucks would fill your tank, I know, I'm ancient.
So on that end… lets see if I can stop this insanity.
You’re supposed to improve your product over time, not degrade it and make it worse.
I have admiration and envy for anyone who can pull off flash fiction. It’s something I’m working towards, myself. Apparently there are “short story people” and “novel people.” I’m a “novel person.” I think in terms of stories that require chapters of build up. My characters develop over thousands of words. But I’m challenging myself, as an exercise, to practice flash fiction. If you don’t already do it yourself, I recommend it. It’s a wonderful lesson in choosing words, conveying theme and emotion, and portraying characters without over-speaking.
There are so many awesome unschooler meetups these days. Sandra Dodd is having a small one in November and a larger one in January. Dayna Martin is hosting an unschooling cruise to Bermuda at the end of October. For our part, Dragonstar and I are counting the days (23!!) until we leave for ARGH, the Autodidact Radical Gathering of Homeschoolers that happens every spring and fall in eastern Tennessee.
As we have international jurisdiction, we are allowed by the Ghana government to operate on foreign soil, and we have therefore been following your every move and action for the last two months.
it isn’t. and saying that it’s acceptable to restrict to that few calories, or publicly wear a feeding tube as a socially acceptable means of losing weight, is all but saying that it’s okay to have anorexia, that refusing meals is a desirable trait, and essentially deters those people in recovery who see these people from actually following their meal plans. why is it okay not to eat real food? IT ISN’T. plus, having a tube isn’t exactly a pleasurable experience for those who have one. it’s a medical liability to those who have it, and when it isn’t medically called for, i honestly don’t understand why anyone would want to have that. this is a fad that i hope ceases IMMEDIATELY, as it is certainly cause for an uproar. i pity the women who are so desperate that they would think that getting a tube would be a good idea. but for the doctors who have sanctioned this practice? that, to me, is absolutely inexcusable.
dashes toward his dented, crudely repaired hoopty... a '27 Galaxy
With all of these moves you've been sporting,
520- I like opening mail during christmas!
5. Provide rules, boundaries, & limitations
Sometimes you watch a movie and you discover something that feels special to you: a cute actor, a funny line, a touching line, an image, a song. I have discovered some great music from watching movies. I like to think that being the soundtrack supervisor for a film would be one of the coolest jobs. I remember a few years back I watched the french film “Comme Une Image” (“Look At Me”.) It was a touching Agnès Jaoui film, sometimes brutal, sometimes funny, sometimes beautiful. It was about this chubby girl who has self confidence issues, but has the gift of a magnificent voice.
Jenniefer has taught thousands of Kirks Folly enthusiasts how to make their dreams come true by taking them to the fairy tale places of their imaginations.
So let those two glorious words ring out throughout the land: "PLAY BALL!"
I'm really hoping the same will happen with Colin. I'm sure
Dinner tonight? Recipe from Pinterest.
picture of three gentle horses reaching over there barn stall doors to try and reach Lenny and welcome him home.
Character generation comes next of course, and may have its surprises, depending on gaming interest. The basic attributes - strength, dexterity, constitution, intelligence, psychic power and charisma - are not generated with the D100 of EPT or many modern RPGs, but with the good old 3D6. Yep, if you're non OSR, just six stats, and still variable when rolling. There's also no chance to shuffle points between attributes, which some related systems allow, although attributes can increase with experience. On the other hand, the numbers are banded to give modifiers to rolls, helping limit wild variation.
85g chopped preserved ginger
Efficiency and Convenience in One – Samsung SyncMaster 2263DX
My second daughter Daisy has given me a different signal. She responds to musicals in a very powerful way. She gets sucked into the performance and loves to sing the songs afterwards, sometimes being moved to tears. I will be taking her to “Mary Poppins” in a few weeks to see a live professional performance for the first time. Maybe her passion will be for singing or entertainment. It’s not a question of being brilliant at anything, it is a question of being allowed to follow your heart and find your element. As a parent I can only try to help.
Tickets are $25. Attendees will receive a five-ounce sampler glass.
So I want him to try different things.
1/2 tsp Red Pepper Flakes
Well it does to me and this is what the country used to be like when I lived there 40 years ago. Johannesburg was a thriving metropolis of great buildings and the frenzied rush of people going about their affairs much like any other major city in the world.
UPDATE! I think Bronnie must be reading because a new photo was added to his web site/blog of the library for his art reference books. Thank you Sharon in Chicago for sending it to me! I also found another photo of a little valence in his kitchen that is made from the same fabric he used for the panels for the windows in the library (and for the sofa pictured below). I think he said the fabric comes from some old bed hangings. He seems to be using it all through the house.
Copyright 1998 – 2012 Dennis J. Smock
What: Pancakes, eggs, meat, and drink included. You can even have a second helping of pancakes!
Do you remember those commercials a couple of years ago where people were carrying around a giant number representing the amount they had planned for retirement?
He replies,”Wow, you really were excited about that, weren’t you?”
I won’t say that it’s been easy, because this past year has brought challenges. Even after physical, speech, and occupational therapy, I have needed to find a new normal that works for me. I will probably always have some weakness and loss of dexterity in my right side. Running up or down stairs is just a memory now. The area on my head where my hair was shaved has filled in a bit and there aren’t as many renegade wisps as there were only a few months ago.
I'm just in shock as they usually never do stuff like this. This might be happening because they now have their first granddaughter at the stage where she can hunt for eggs.
I always try to hear Heaney read in London once a year and last night I saw him read from his new collection, Human Chain, at the shortlisted readings for the T.S. Eliot prize. This is the first time I have seen a change in the man, a shake in his voice and in his hand. I feel very privileged to have seen him read again and wonder how many more opportunities we will have.
The following artist’s impression of what the central core site in the Karoo will eventually look like is nowhere near realistic, as it does not portray any site buildings, access roads, or the huge tarmac areas around the dish clusters. Bear in mind also that each separate antenna-dish is a sizeable engineering project in its own right.
What really needs attention in the last chapter are the main relationships. How did the narrator change? How did the method you're teaching shift your way of approaching life? How did the character realize something? Show us how the primary players changed, how something new was realized or achieved or lost. Demonstrate a new state of being and you'll have the reader hooked, hungry, and happy.
Rumor says that Nintendo is considering Android for the upcoming Wii U console.
We followed this with two coats of plaster done over the course of two weekends. Plus we used about a million different kinds of filler for every gap, hole, crack, etc etc which I won't go into detail about which is why you see so many differerent colours in this pic. The dark grey on the walls is ready-mixed plaster - we needed to do this to even up the plaster that was on the existing walls on the bottom with the wall that was revealed on top when we removed the ceiling. We used the ready-mixed stuff in order to start simple to make sure W was happy to continue on. Happy Days, he was.
I went there this weekend to help her out. Her house is now totally gutted. All the drywall, flooring, duct work and siding is off the house. It is going to be a VERY long rebuilding process.
His extensive studies of technical analysis and knowledge of markets led to several positions, including chief technical analyst at several well-known companies. He says his mission is not just to generate profits for traders but to also provide them with educational and insightful information because, in the fascinating business of trading, one never stops learning.
Is it because Schindler used only his own financial capital, not those who he was saving, to bribe the Nazis with? (But perhaps it should be mentioned that that financial capital was achieved largely on the backs of slave labor). Because Kasztner and his allies sold those 150 seats in order to pay for the other 1500 people to escape, is that why he is condemned?
"Our waters are estimated to have as much as a quarter of Europe's potential offshore wind energy, and we are perfectly positioned to develop the technology that will power this renewables revolution.
With its cover modelled on an A to Z street guide (maps) book, this is Jools Holland‘s A-Z Geographers’ Guide to the Piano album, from 1992.
with them.
Anxious=mommy waiting for her book to come out any day now, but not knowing when that is.
Glissade Golden Bock
DEATH - 1988-01-23 - Blondies, Detroit, Michigan, Usa (DVD)
Here is a highlight of where Elijah is at one:
Let us take a Day Off from the issues before us, and remember the sacrifice of our fore bearers of our Freedom Struggle from the Colonial Conquest by the British.
Friday 3:15 - 4:05- The Dynamites featuring Charles Walker (Serious soul and funk fans shouldn't miss this one....seriously...horns and old school soul!) WaMu Tent
Therapeutic exercise, or qigong, is an ancient Chinese form of physical training that combines preventive healthcare and therapy. Qigong relies on breathing techniques to direct the qi to different parts of the body. The literal translation of qigong is “the cultivation and deliberate control of a higher form of vital energy.”
This book is a very helpful and important tool. In this day and age, it is far too easy to lose sight of our children’s wants and needs. We know what is best for them, so sometimes, we put their needs on the backburner, or block them out entirely. Not catering to our children’s “love needs” or speaking their “love language” can lead to very serious problems later on. The system of learning that “love language” that this book teaches is very simple, straightforward, and honest. It is easy to see how the system works making it simple and brilliant all at the same time. At no point during my reading did I raise an eyebrow In question of whether the methods would actually work. When something is simple yet flawless, it is both easy to understand and very useful, this book is both.
So in our desire to spread the Gospel, we should never be reluctant to dialogue with anyone, whatever their beliefs, so long as they are genuinely open to dialogue. You cannot dialogue with soliloquists, but we can still pray for them. I see the invitation extended to Dr Cruddas as a great opportunity for the friars at Blackfriars, Oxford, to ascertain where exactly his faith has gone wrong, and how his conscience has come to be so deformed. I am not too surprised that he has ended up like this, because the Church in our country has for too long been filled with compromise on essentials, and tolerated error - error which has poisoned the minds of too many Catholics who take secular assumptions as their yardstick in morals, and not Christ and His authoritative teaching, expressed by His Church.
This is Toth's fourth novel, according to his press, so hopefully his writing will evolve in a more cohesive manner in the future.
Today my little sisters turned 12.
What are at stake are the authority of the Bible and the gospel of grace, not just an identity and a tradition. The English Reformers recognized this fact in the sixteenth century. It is time for us to recognize it in our own day. We cannot go on pretending that there are no serious differences between Protestant Anglicans and Catholic Anglicans and our differences do not matter. They matter very much. They affect not only our understanding of authority but also our understanding of salvation. We cannot gloze over them as the liberals sought to do in the last century. They mean the difference between eternal life and a godless eternity.
The Gift - James Patterson
Mary, Mother of Jesus: Overshadowed by the Holy Spirit, Mary became pregnant with Jesus, who was the Son of God. (Note: Brigham Young and Bruce McConkie explained that “overshadowed by the Holy Spirit” refers to having had sex with God.)
chant roundelay. "A lot of those vocal experiments just
8/5 Nashville, TN- The Woods as Fontanel
I have my revenge occasionally, usually when I drop in for something else (their herbs are good, certainly better than the droopy specimens so often found decorating Spinneys' Ajman branch) and the usual question isn't forthcoming, signifying they don't have any poppadums in.
Addressing the “How to” question - for "bug in" I will need:
I also finally finished my easter-themed Spring packet, Blooming in Spring! I have some kiddos that still struggle with phonemic awareness, and are just now hearing the initial sounds in words! So, I created a initial sound sort for them, and for some of my highers kiddos I did an initial and final sound activity, where they have to put the correct letters at the beginning or the end. It also comes with a recording sheet and much more! Check it out!
means you are nothing more than corporate thugs. Don’t want to believe
But he added, “Every day, in my position I see more and more examples — real examples — either through credible informants or actually investigative activity, where you start to see different groups involved with drug traffickers”…
-massive pop for Punk!
I have taken a particular shine to my role on the Licensing Committee, a quasi-judicial body dealing with pubs, bars, taxis, off-licence premises, gambling establishments and sex entertainment venues. I have enjoyed a close working relationship with Police Licensing, UK Border Agency, HMRC and Trading Standards on numerous operations involving illegal alcohol, money laundering, people trafficking, illegal immigrants and duty diverted goods.
"Siggi", a track from their new album "Babycum" (released December 2011)
Third, I’m thinking of trying out a new feature here: Rerun Saturdays. I follow a lot of blogs on here (something like 40 at the moment), and I keep seeing great posts each week. So, I’m planning on reposting my favorite entry from someone else’s blog each week on Saturday. These entries won’t always be about loans and finances, and there really won’t be a theme to them. It’ll just be whatever struck my funny bone, or made me go “hmm,” or otherwise captivated me during the week. If you find something that you think I’ll like, please drop me an email (or an owl***) and let me know.
Substitutes: Rob Elliot, Shane Ferguson, Ryan Taylor, Dan Gosling, Gabriel Obertan, Sylvain Marveaux, Shola Ameobi
Another summer passed, and when fall arrived, I acted out again. This time it ended with a narrow escape from real legal problems. My husband reached his breaking point, which forced me to take therapy seriously. Or at least attempt/pretend to do so. But starting therapy somehow threw me into a tailspin of depression. I really wanted to die this time – not just sleep for a while. I was drained. Emotionally and mentally drained. I know now that the reason for my exhaustion was the near-surfacing memories. There was an internal battle going on between my alters; between the ones who wanted the story told and the ones who didn’t want me to know. The ones that had been carrying the secrets for so long were worn out. The ones who had blocked the memories from surfacing were stubbornly holding back – out of habit perhaps. This left me with nothing to keep me going. All my energy was being used on this internal battle.
What am I doing about it? Pretty much nothing. I can do nothing. And before you go on about how I can force him to .......... blah blah blah. You are wrong. I know this because I have checked with hospitals, clinics, Youth in Need, and the Police. There is absolutely nothing I can do.
With the first Zombie John finished off (bar final approval) I'm now starting another Zombie Wedding Cake topper and a second Zombie John bust. I also have some not Zombie "nice" sculpts in the works, I'll post updates as they progress.
The decision was taken after the police said it was too dangerous for their officers due to an increased dissident republican threat.
I realize it's not necessarily about the gestures. The gestures are just established traditions from older generations. The gestures aren't necessarily what makes the romance. What makes the romance in relationships is the respect and adoration for the other person.
Leighton
The doctor was astonished.
And you could in five years dramatically improve the quality of life of every Palestinian. But the political leadership would never tolerate that. And that’s why we’re in a continuous state of war where Obama undermines the Israelis.
Photography has changed dramatically with the introduction of digital cameras and computers. There are now so many methods for manipulating images, with software such as Photoshop that enables all sorts of changes after the picture has been taken, that were never possible before with film.
*******Now here's a deal for you all...I LOVE this paper so much, I changed out of my jammies on Saturday morning and ran down to Urban Paper ( really...I drove my car) and got another paper pad to share as blog candy along with this GREAT meece stamp I had been saving for you!
But new leaves are beginning to form at the tips of each branch.
Attention now turns to Monday and all we need is another professional performance, at times Cardiff try too much without the quality to actually pull it off. An early goal for us at home should all but finish it off with the form of our back four and keeper at the moment, who were again dominant all game long. While I was confident before yesterday, that lingering worry of cracking under pressure has left me and probably most West Ham fans. I now fully expect us to be at Wembley on the 19th. Two wins and we’re in the Premier League, simple. COYI
Me: Pffft. Whatever. Here.
And he made from one man every nation of mankind to live on all the face of the earth, having determined allotted periods and the boundaries of their dwelling place, that they should seek God, and perhaps feel their way toward him and find him. Yet he is actually not far from each one of us, for “‘In him we live and move and have our being’”
Have I mentioned before we have exactly $0 in our budget for any home improvements and decor? No? Oh. Well, we have $0 in our budget for home improvements and decor. That includes items for my poor, sad entry way.
5 Tbsp. Granulated Sugar (Divided)
Most are harmless; eg like lots of the tests have the assert keyword in them. With grails 1.2/ groovy 1.6 this meant that tests would have the most useless errors I’ve seen in a unit test. The cause? The Eclipse Groovy plugin imports Groovy 1.7, making the tests useful. Ah well, fixed in in the upgrade!
1 ripe tomato, quartered, deseeded, finely chopped
At one point in my previous article, I made the observation that although we can still find Catholic institutions that teach full biblical inerrancy, sadly, we can’t number Bob’s among them since he was told by his bishop to remove the word “Catholic” from his apostolate. Sungenis replied,
I think being organized and reducing the stress helps me keep Jesus at the center. If I'm not worried about presents, Christmas cards, and shipping then I can take the time to read the Christmas story to the kids, and be available to serve others during the hectic season.
We called Tammy between shows and Rachel apologized to her for stealing me on our anniversary night. I thought that was cute. But as Tammy had said earlier in the day, I didn't just marry her; I brought someone else into my life too...someone I wouldn't trade for the world.
I guess that’s what it’s like those who lose loved ones. Friends make an enormous difference in a time of bereavement. One woman wrote
I have a special affinity for starfish, which are sometimes referred to as "sea stars." There is something magical about a creature which, at least in name, seems to unite the mysteries of the heavens with those of the seas. There is also something magical and inspirational about the proven regenerative powers of starfish. According to the American Heritage Science Dictionary, "starfish can grow new arms if any are lost, and in one species, a whole individual can be regenerated from a single piece of arm." This is encouraging, to say the least, for someone like me who is on the glide path to seventy, though the regeneration that continues to fascinate me is perhaps more spiritual than physical in nature.
That is it, easy peasy!!
And people are not immune from this little oddity of mine. I can see a group of people sitting on a dock enjoying a drink at a cottage and feel more comfortable seeing them relax in sun. If, say, they were my own friends and I was just walking back out to the dock to join them, I walk slow and take in the scene.
During Intermediate wave five of the uptrend we observed a symmetrical triangle forming as the market worked its way higher. The triangle was rising with five point increments between highs and lows: 1414-1387-1419-1392. It then topped at SPX 1422, just two points shy of a perfect 1414-(1387)-1419-(1392)-1424 wedge. Currently we have a potentially similar formation. The rise from the SPX 1357 Int. wave A: 1388-1365-1393-1370. Again this pattern is rising in five point increments between highs and lows. This would project a high for Int. wave B around SPX 1398. If this is to occur it would be the third successive triangle to end a rally. Intermediate wave iii, at SPX 1378, also ended in a diagonal triangle. Interesting market!
?? necklace
Exactly that!
Our quilt guild meeting was last night. I have not been able to quilt for over a month because of my tennis elbow. I'm just aching to get back in there (no pun intended). So many ideas floating around in my head and I hope they are still there when I get back to it. Trouble is spring is here and the garden and great outdoors call me too. So torn this time of the year of what to do. I did have some strips cut and I sewed them together last week just to see if I could do it and that did not hurt my arm at all. But, I ran out of strips and needed more cut. Cutting out is not good. I couldn't decide which would be worst, trying to cut strips with a very sharp rotary cutter with my left hand or asking hubby to cut them. Neither one won and I covered up the sewing machine and went back to the lower studio to do paper crafting. So glad I'm a multi-crafter!
Conversely, with the rifles, Xu Guan used tools that he found in the maintenance shed to tear each one down as far as he could and harvested all of the smaller parts for spares. Xu Guan had plenty of experience with rifles that broke down in the field. Spare parts were worth their weight in gold.
This is a book for Emergent Readers. It contains simple sight words coupled with pictures to support the text. It's also one of my EZ-2 Assemble books which are designed to either print 2-sided from your computer's printer, or carried to your copy machine and printed 1-sided to 2-sided, folded, and stapled and it's ready to give to students. No need to shuffle pages around, just fold and go! It saves both time and papers. I hope your students enjoy the book. And once more....THANKS for all your support!
So what’s on my mind today? The thought that seems to be a lingering theme today is: I DON’T GET IT.
In "When is an Electronic Document a Printed Publication for Prior Art Purposes?", Wynn W. Coggins Group Director of Technology Center 3600 at The United States Patent and Trademark Office notes that
Don’t let yourself be consumed too much, okay? Thank you for everything. Thank you for being our light. You’re really THE BEST, Xtel. Continue to live up that spark as you move on to another aspect of your life. And, don’t worry dude. Whenever you need help, the doors of our Alma Mater would always be open for you. You’ll always have that “tahanang 315” to fall back to. We’ll catch you don’t worry!!!! We wouldn’t let any harm penetrate one of the best people room 315 has ever had.
So...on to Disney Paris (a real bargain as bookings must have been down). We tend to do things on a whim...when we can...and when we feel like it. A couple of weeks before Christmas, we thought how lovely it would be for Caitlin to be in her favourite place at such a magical time of year.....so we went.....on the day that Eurostar got stuck in the tunnel.....Oh yes....we wondered if would ever get there....the motorways were shut, cars and lorries were parked up everywhere as we neared Kent, but we were going via the Tunnel and had luckily booked a slot. So, the next morning after our wonderful Premier Inn breakfast, and only 2 hours later than planned, we were on our way...
* Women do not have to sacrifice personhood if they are mothers. They do not have to sacrifice motherhood in order to be persons. Liberation was meant to expand women’s opportunities, not to limit them. The self-esteem that has been found in new pursuits can also be found in mothering. Elaine Heffner
Over the winter I realized something about myself: when I’m stressed, I bake.
of morning pollution.
2:00 came and went and Al wasn't back. Calls to Al's cell weren't answered, calls to the babysitter confirmed my kids were not there. I entered an excruciating hangover/panic mode, which is when you're freaked out about the whereabouts of your loved ones but your head hurts so badly you can only sit limply on the couch like a person with no bones and cry.
The rest of the pilot episode is centered around introducing the viewer to the various characters that are going to be major players on the show. It looks like Coach Taylor’s wife and daughter will feature prominently along with the quarterback, running back, and fullback. I found it interesting that no real attention was given to a wide receiver, but that’s just a casual observation. There also appear to be the requisite female characters of the cheerleader who is dating the quarterback and the “bad girl” type that seems to only be interested in causing trouble. My favorite character from the episode was the backup quarterback Matt Saracen (Zach Gilford).
HAY RG, WEBSTER AJ (Eds.). Textbook of Influenza. London, Blackwell, 1998: 541-547.
I pray that the results of this election will wake up many who have sat on the sidelines and allowed the Socialist-Marxist anti-GOD crowd to slowly change so much of what has been good in America !
I am entering a few giveaways tonight if you would like to tag along,grab a cup of tea,coffee or cocoa and lets go!
Construction workers continue to have an adverse impact on the community with respect to noise, illegal parking, garbage and - in this case - other sanitation issues. Another example of why Forest City Ratner should be responsible, especially when the arena opens, for sidewalk cleanliness in a larger area than just the sidewalks inside the project.
Follow you around
My first big problem about this book was Kate's whole philosophy of finding a rich man simply to help pay for her mother's debts and sort out her life as she had no job and therefore no money. She seem quite cold and calculated in bagging a rich man, one she didn't even necessarily have an attraction to in order to fulfill her need to get a rich husband. It sat rather uncomfortably with me, even though it perhaps wasn't meant to be taken 100% seriously, I just couldn't make sense of what she was doing in my head and it felt a bit awkward to read because I didn't like the way it was going. Kate started off being quite likeable, and I felt quite sorry for her with the storyline regarding her mother and grandmother, but as it progressed, I found myself disliking her more.
"What's on your mind...?" "A Wolf!" Pig cried.
10. I Hate Christmas - Oscar The Grouch
But understanding was not control. If Francis knew what he was, he could not alter it, he had no power at all over the vagaries and eruptions of his own mind. He was helpless in the face of an attack of insanity, no matter which way it went with him, whether he was depressed or violent, whether he was hysterical, agitated or deluded by visions and voices.
-Jericho takes the padding off the barricade and sends Punk into the steel in front of Punk’s sister.
I’m nobody’s fool; I know trouble when I see it and I can generally figure my way around it. Mama says I’m a lot like her, but there’s one difference—when Daddy gets ugly, she eggs him on, me, I just up and disappear.
The style of beer has broad latitude and has not typically yielded many interesting beers. The malt bill is made up of a third to three-quarters wheat, but the palate is typical for a light ale, with a touch of fruity esters and not a whole lot else. Notes taken from wheat, yeast, and hop are all minimal or absent.
The final card I'm showing you came to me for $5. A brand new shiny card of a vintage player who retired 32 years ago.
All I can say, it Thank Goodness for rape gates. It appears that they came in via the front gates (more on my now EX guard in a minute), as there's no sign of them coming over the wire. They opened that back gate.. the one I haven't had keys to since I moved in, despite several.. like fifteen... emails requesting them.
The Social Network, Toy Story 3, and True Grit.
Place on a baking sheet, forming a crescent, and bake for 12 minutes.
Of course, this means I’ll never catch up wit my TBR pile, but I’m hoping I can one day. In fact, I’ve told myself that I know I’ve read everything when I’m finally reading Tolstoy’s War and Peace — the last book on my TBR list.
Modern home design elements can raise a home and make it visage much hypnotic and tantalizing. Additions can provide to develop a home and amplify the possibilities of match styles and design. Plane battier changes, specified as updated furnishings, colorize schemes and room design can transport a modern touching to one's living place. After all, a home is not really yours until you add whatever vista of yourself into its design.
“Of course we can talk, what is on your mind?” I had to respond, didn’t I?
Note: I am aware that these are fairly pedestrian choices. But what was it Woody Allen said about banging his stepdaughter? "The heart wants what it wants." (Coincidentally, I also have sex with teenagers!)
7. Mobile phone based ticket booking in which passenger need not print his/her ticket but carry the display ticket sent to his/her mobile phone through SMS.
Pete walked the cow to a trading post run by an old Norseman who was the descendant of explorers that traveled with Leif Erikson. His name was Jofur Herjolfsson, but everybody knew him as Trader Joe.
Hello Everyone!! Today I'm going to show you how much fun it is to create bubbles and pebbles! It's always fun to add a little scenery to your images and bubbles are easy to create for your water scenes and pebbles for under buckets and park benches or even pebble pathways! It's easy and yet so effective!
Below is a release about a new scholarship opportunity from Krylon. Please
What’s an Austen devotee to do?
"The Dream Syndicate was one of the first bands from Los Angeles' psychedelic revival (misleadingly dubbed the paisley underground) to reach a national audience. While many of the movement's bands plumbed the Byrds, Buffalo Springfield or Pink Floyd archives for inspiration, Dream Syndicate's weird, obsessive lyrics, relentless noise maelstroms - mixed with eerie/pretty otherworldly dirges and ballads - and singer Steve Wynn's nasal rasping and ranting recalled the Velvet Underground, though (of course) they steadfastly denied that to be their intent. Following the release of a four-song demo on Wynn's Down There label, the quartet made its proper debut on The Days of Wine and Roses, rawly produced by Chris D. (Flesh Eaters/Divine Horsemen). With driving, feedback-drenched guitars and stream-of-consciousness lyrical spume, the record appealed to sensitive English-major college radio programmers too young to shoot up to the Velvets the first time around".
Some more scrambling with strikes.
When a "nice" man struck up a conversation with me on the plane, his American accent didn't scare me off. I thought, screw silence, I have another 5hrs ahead of me on this flight, he's not French... I'm going to chit chat dammit!
'HLYRULZ' is the Hayley Mills gag plate I put in photos to conceal real license plates and while I think it would be great to have I don't think my wife would appreciate it. She doesn't get the whole Hayley Mills obsession. Some people are just born broken that way.
Last January, my heart took a beating from the Long Haul Brit. This January, it's gotten trashed by the Man of Steel. I'm thinking I am going to keep it to myself from now on. I don't know if it can take any more of that.
Instead of shopping from my favorite online nurseries or running to the local garden center after work, I want them all to come to me. I'll line up my pots, explain the "look" I'd like, and have them bring me their wares. Like choosing actors for a part, I'll match the plants to the pots and have them recite a few lines. Does the 'Karley Rose' pennisetum look as grand in my "Oops, there's a scratch" discount urn as I thought or would Karley be better suited as a member of the corps, instead of given a starring role? And what about the lemon verbena? Will it be tall enough to grow behind the 'Maraschino' salvia without being blocked? I just don't know so you, you, and you over there while we give it a try. Cueing summer! Lights, please!
Earth Mother
I live on the edge of a BID. My building benefits from private security patrols. These patrols don't extend down the next block of Prince Street to a pair of bodegas opposite the Ingersoll Houses. Some people in my building don't like walking down that way after dark.
My next question, "Have you ever thrown a book at a wall or attacked it with a red pen if you didn't like it?" made Kylie laugh. Kylie also has never attacked a book that she disliked by throwing it at a wall or scribbling on it - although it appears her daughters have done so for her! She says, "My daughters have defaced books for me (thankfully ones I don't like)." Yet, Kylie added, "I have thrown books on the floor or tossed them into a cupboard if I didn't like them, not out of anger, but just because I couldn't care".
For a brief moment after 9/11, Americans of all shapes and sizes, colors and ages and creeds, came together as one. For that brief moment, forever now lost in the narrow corridors of memory, we were kind to one another. The America that we always sensed, always believed in, was there for that brief shining moment. It is gone now. Gone forever, perhaps.
And in truth there`s not a cigarette paper`s difference between what Blessed John Paul II wrote and what Pope Leo XIII wrote.
Saturday - Elements
Following the enchanting storyline of Silverlicious™ written and illustrated by Victoria Kann, Silverlicious the game lets players set out on an adventure as Pinkalicious who has lost her ability to taste anything sweet. Help Pinkalicious regain her sweet tooth as you practice kindness, good manners and helping others in need. Collect costumes and accessories you can use to dress up Pinkalicious and unlock magical rewards including butterflies, sparkle rides and fireworks as you explore the beautiful lands and meet new friends. Boost your “sweet meter” with every good deed and polite remark and you’ll quickly discover that true sweetness comes from much
Baby Mattress Review (babymattressreview.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Enjoy Every Moment w "enjoy" stained, rest in G $12.00
Just the smell of cinnamon essential oil can help to boost brain activity and alertness. It has a powerful and intense aroma which will lift your emotions whether you are feeling depressed, fearful, lonely or just stressed out.
Time to try to respond to the messages from everyone that's been spammed from my account. The Hotmail account was so old I'm not even sure who received the messages. Probably everyone from grad school, which means most of the faculty I studied with and worked for at the University of Washington. Also everyone from my previous jobs in New York. Luckily, nearly everyone in the internet industry has been laid off or had their companies acquired so many times their original work addresses are no longer functioning.
While changes in diet are no substitute for medical treatment, they can complement the detoxification process. The following nutritional changes are recommended:
more useless
I looked at the clock and saw it was eight in the morning. I had barely two hours of rest. My head was hurting from the lack of sleep and alcohol intake from last night. I took a deep sigh and started cleaning up the mess.
Place peas in a large glass or stainless steel bowl
Don't let the high nylon content fool you, these babys are SOFT!!!
The flywheel is made by Williams Hybrid Power and is a kinetic energy recovery system (KERS), first developed for Formula One racing. When it proved to be inconclusive in its payoff in that racing venue, Porsche agreed to try it for GT racing. The first prototype of the KERS-enabled 911 Hybrid to be racing this year.
Sara: Sure?
Chevy Van…Sammy Johns
Frankenstein’s quest to gather the body parts is a gruesome endeavor. He takes much of them from a hanged man on the allows. The brain he takes from a professor. The brain is damaged in a scuffle, so when the Monster comes to life, he is instead psychotically violent rather than an intellectual.
More of a John Lewis economy, if you like.
They prayed both day and night.
These scales deserve description in some detail. The attitude to Apartheid scale is given in the appendix. It is a balanced ten item scale designed to reflect condemnation versus acceptance of Apartheid. It is scored so that a high score denotes approval of Apartheid. With this scale it was hoped to provide an attitudinal counterpart to the behavioural dichotomy. The Attitude to Authority (AA) scale has, of course, been fully described elsewhere. Suffice it so say here that the AA scale is designed to provide a less inferential and more predictively valid measure of authoritarianism than does the California F scale (Adorno et al, 1950). It has been found to predict submissive, but not domineering or aggressive behaviour (See Ray, 1971c ). The Alienation scale was that given in the previous chapter.
designed solely to synchronize your movements with those of
I have to admit, we were disheartened this morning. But it's nothing we can't overcome, and we are making the choice to be thankful that our little Levi is doing so well. God has brought us this far, He won't let us fall so close to the end. The doctor said that if there is any positive count increases tomorrow, we can take him home. There are a lot of plans being reshuffled today to make sure we have things lined up this weekend, but hopefully tomorrow at this time I'll be writing you an update at this time from my couch while Levi runs laps around the living room around with his big sister.
“It’s a lovely aspiration,” says Colleen Badagliacco, a broker with Altera Real Estate in San Jose. She says it might be achievable if the borrower has only one loan on the property.
I loved these snowflakes and flowers so much that they inspired me to make some flower rosettes with my Tim Holtz die. I loved the result and have to say it is getting rather addicting. I think I made fourteen of them last night from one sheet of 12 x 12 paper.
P.S. I really wish that I had a photographer.
by request,
Now onto the Birthday Celebrations! Each one of the DT members has picked one of their favorite sponsors to make a project with on their blogs. The sponsors are giving away prizes on each of the blogs so there is a lot of goodies to be won! All you have to do is...
She continued on, “You see. We’ve been on this train for ten hours already. Two hours before you boarded and I had a dream. In my dream Americans, who look like you, came on this train and sat right next to me. They, well… you told me ‘we have news that will change your life forever’. So when I saw you all enter our coach, I almost couldn’t believe it! I’d shared the dream with my mother and it shocked her to see you here as well. And now you’re sharing the news!”
Given the obvious misgivings of the NO side with the draft, there is, ironically enough ground with their antagonists and YES drum beaters for the same document for renegotiating some of the aspects of the Proposed Constitution in the sense that there could be another chapter of deepening the constitutional review process post the Referendum.
Way to twist that fucking knife, dad. Although you missed the opportunity to throw in something about me dressing funny for maximum trolling effect.
Greek-style natural yoghurt, to serve
Alignment may be another variable. A player with a lawful paladin may rightfully say "I will not leave my friend at the hands of evil underworld denizens! With God at my side - I will fight!" A player with a chaotic thief may say "Hey man - I love you dude - but I gotta go!" And the entire time, that thief may be thinking "I'll come back later and rob the corpse of his gems and magic sword." Alignment can be a very appropriate input into the decision.
Even still, there might be something wrong with the premises. For instance, we might argue that control is not the only thing relevant to liability, that utilitarian principles can also be used to determine who should pay the price for something. In that case, premise (1) would be faulty. But that wouldn’t necessarily spell the end for attempt liability because utilitarian principles might just as easily be used to support the case for attempt liability. Indeed, this is exactly what the next two arguments hold.
The tribunal heard a second passport application benefited Paul Hughes who had been tried and acquitted in Germany of the murder of a British solider. He later fled Ireland on his fake passport, the tribunal was told.
Frosty the Traveler was a snowman on the go
Thanksgiving is almost two weeks after Veterans Day. Christmas isn't for another month after Thanksgiving. Mr/Ms Retail Shopkeeper, if that month does not give you enough time to decorate your cute little trees and mark items up for the "sales", you suck. I am an old lady and I could do it in a day with one hand tied behind my back. So cut us some slack.
I told him my name, where I used to live, how we had the same interests and would love to at least be friends with him. He seemed witty, a bit sarcastic, and I like that. You never can have too many friends. Especially one who would take me to a WVU football game, my ultimate goal, really. Let’s goooo, Mountaineers…
d.) One of J. Iglesias/N. Punto proves to be a viable third option for the left side of the infield
Hops: Nugget, Willamette, Cascade.
As a kid living in The Clusters apartments in Longview, Texas dealing with the aftermath of my freshly-divorced parents, I would've gladly traded my life for theirs. Now? Not so much.
Prior to joining Forest City in 1994, Ms. Gilmartin served as Assistant Vice President for Commercial Development at the New York City Economic Development Corporation (EDC) during the Koch and Dinkins administrations, managing the City’s multi-million-dollar corporate retention program which kept Bear Stearns, Morgan Stanley, Chase Manhattan Bank and other vital businesses in New York City.
When I was elected 10 years ago (12 years after the Council had sold off its housing stock) the view commonly expressed in the Council Chamber was housing is no longer our concern. I’ve helped to change that.
Besides the teachers, there are also other people living up in The Fort and they have children of all ages, of course. We saw them walking down, or riding their bikes or taking their bus down to school, or going places, playing or just passing by.
3. Precious time fantastic
In the meantime, have a happy Friday everyone!
1 bag (12 oz) semi-sweet chocolate chips
“We were very surprised,” said Juan Escobar. “The power you could get from just peeling tape was enormous.” “If you’re going to peel tape in a vacuum, you should be extra careful,” he said. But “I will continue to use Scotch tape during my daily life, and I think it’s safe to do it in your office. No guarantees.” (link)
The main novelty in the fresh draft is that it will make spy dossiers available to the public. They are currently kept secret, fuelling suspicions of the possible political misuse of the lustration process.
Some great craftyness to get you inspired to make a wee Easter Creation!
Granted, Glass's problems were more about fabrication than about plagiarism, but there was some of the latter involved, and it's the kind of thing that stops the heart of any serious writer: knowing that someone can fabricate (i.e., make stuff up, i.e., lie) and copy and just generally violate all the rules of writing nonfiction and, for a time, not only get away with it but get rewarded for it, albeit through the ignorance of those doing the rewarding. If it's that easy, we think, who else is doing it? And what will happen to those of us who don't do it, who think it's wrong? Will we become obsolete in a world of embellished quotes and fictionalized description? In a world of--god help us--"creative non-fiction"? And what will happen to reality, that thing that writers pursue and try to capture and illuminate for everyone else? Can real life, no matter how well depicted, ever compete with the imagination of an unscrupulous writer? (And it's not like there's not a place for that writer. It's called The Novel.)
Food cravings: I’m back on King Cake. Which could explain the 2 lb. weight gain.
After reading this report, you may wonder, “Could Zebra happen again?”
I've been wanting something to fill in the space around the dahlias. Over the past few weeks, when I was home with my stupid kidney infection, I spent some time watching QVC. They had a gardening segment and featured lilies. I decided that I must have more lilies in my yard this year. Fast forward a week....
Although the future maybe uncertain and frightening, we can rest in the comfort that the Lord watches over us, now and forever more.
Such companies that have failed in the past, include: Second Cup, Colour Your World, Canadian Tire and Coles. However, if you want to continue expanding, the company has to enter the U.S. market, advised by Harley Oberfeld, president and CEO of Oberfeld Snowcap.
All in all Stop Me Before I Kill! is an enjoyable enough early piece of non-horrror entertainment from Hammer Films. Director Val Guest generally keeps this from getting too dull but the production does dabble far too much into then-fashionable psycho babble. One of the bigger issues is that for the most part until the end there is no real threat yet this production still has enough in its favour to make it worth a watch.
The poor are weak, not because they don’t have enough, but because they don’t consume enough.
We even ate dinner on the patio.
Luka - Skin: E000, 00, 01, 11. R20. Hair: E23, 25, 27. Shirt/Shoes: B41, 45. Pants: E42, 43, 44.
- Premium-quality components with genuine arcade layout
I glanced over at him again as we come to another stop sign. “So you never get discouraged?”
The last time I checked out a book on a 7-day loan was last year when I read Unbroken (my favorite book of 2011). I remembered it being a fast and furious week of reading and wondered how SK would fare in comparison.
So, after lots of internet stalking, I realized whoever this Lee person is doesn’t have enough experience in journalism because the only thing they’ve done prior the NYT’s Weekend Miser post was run a forum on the NYT website. I took it to the streets and called up the NYT arts editor himself and used the excuse of “we’re updating our databases” to get this person’s contact information out of them. I hit a brick wall with that one.
AdriN2001: What?
Abuhamda said the children are enrolled in an American school. They live in an apartment building in an upscale neighborhood in Gaza City, though power outages are not uncommon.
We continue to think in reductionist, “either/or” terms — grossly limiting our potential. I keep hearing the phrase “adaptive challenge” and it reminds me of thinking from about 30 years ago when authors drew the false dichotomy between “technical” and “adaptive” leadership. The point — as I remember it, like I say this is old stuff — is that we often make the mistake of looking for technical solutions to problems requiring adaptive responses. For example, if you break a bone, the solution is to set the bone — a technical solution to a specific problem. But if a person comes in with a swollen, bruised arm, but no sign of a break, a doctor must probe a bit before making a diagnosis. Merely splinting the arm and putting it in a cast would be irresponsible — you can’t apply a technical solution to every problem. The point made — with some validity — is that effective leadership requires the wisdom and discernment to tell the difference between situations requiring technical and adaptive responses. But what people realized almost immediately (back in the 1980s) is that most situations require both in dynamic tension. Take driving a car as an example? Does driving a car require technical or adaptive response? Yes, is the only answer. There are very technical, very specific processes in the act of driving. Creativity will not be your friend — there are some parts of the car that will only do what they were designed to do, no matter how adaptive you choose to be. Ah, but there are a thousand variables to driving that must be taken into account. Road conditions, weather conditions, time of day, other drivers, kids playing ball, animals, etc., make even a drive to the corner store a potential adventure. If you cannot apply adaptive thinking/responding you should not ever drive. Either/or thinking will kill you or someone else.
ROM 1:9 For God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers;
Event Date: Every Wednesday
I smile. Next time. I’m beginning to believe it myself, which is why I’m afraid to reciprocate the question. But it would be rude not to. “What’s yours?”
As I’ve described in my memoir of childhood, I wasn’t much of a reader as a boy, though I reread Our Island Story until it fell apart, but I absolutely loved my ‘museum’, and with the help of my father learned to investigate and catalogue the items in it (fossils, Roman coins, a lovely Anglo-Saxon burial urn, and my astounding Saracen shield – not to mention my hoard of bun pennies on which I wasted a great deal of time, forever trying to buff them up with Duraglit!)
I’m having an investigative operation mid month and Sim and I have decided to see if we can identify my migraine and IBS triggers a bit clearer too.
Personally, although I thought we wouldn’t find ourselves in this position, I’m not surprised that the far right have made inroads in the ex-textile towns of the North West and Yorkshire. Far from the cultural melting pot that the Toynbees of this world believe that these places are, all I see are ghettos where different cultures exist side by side and no matter how hard the powers-that-be try to integrate them, they are as compartmentalised as ever.
I looked around, the gym was packed with a cross-section of humanity comprised of older men (at least 60) and female whipper-snappers years my junior (most late 20s early 30s). Knowing my older kids regularly attend this gym as it always is with teenagers one must come and go without “embarrassing” one’s offspring. (Sadly the definition of embarrassment amongst the teenage crowd can be simply breathing within 500 yards of the kids or their friends). I surveyed the joint. Several women were hard at work jogging on the treadmills and all of them with earphones and iPods/cell phones “tuned out” to music. I took my place and placed the earphones in my ears quite proud of how I was now “totally cool” (too bad the kids weren’t there to witness this one) and started on the treadmill. My normal workout is about 20-25 minutes of speed walking. I looked at the clock, five minutes had already passed. I am now very assured of my “coolness” as I too am now listening to tunes and power walking my way to less “flab.”
O little town of Athlone
I have had, to date, an incredible 60 auditions, which is just mind blowing. Today, for example, I had 3 in one day: a feature film and two commercials no less. My agent is a freaking legend.
They are all crazy excited about getting to spill their beans tonight and
On Monday, The Times accompanied the young mother to the clinic to buy more formula and Sister Thandi told her that she could not sell it to her while “the other people were around”. She was told to “come tomorrow”.
As far as commercial real estate, and the 10-20% average vacancy rates in most cities across the United States in strip malls and what are now being called ghost malls… Guess who owns or is buying that commercial space once it is in default. The government! Local governments already collectively own most large malls anyway through their investments, as well as gas stations, gyms, movie theatres… the list is endless.
But I'm not sad today, despite all I'm missing out on. Of course, I ache to see the people I usually spend this time with. I want to pull out my ridiculous "ugly" sweaters and be the one who makes all the inappropriate jokes.
“This woman!” Charles thought, smiling to himself.
Anne Ullmann, the couple's daughter, has been unstinting in her efforts to win proper recognition for their work, and she has been working for some time on an edition of her mother's diaries. Judging by the extracts published in the Fleece Press editions of Eric's letters, they should make entertaining and occasionally eye-opening reading. In the meantime, I recommend Olive Cook's excellent essay on Tirzah's life and work, and this survey of her wood engravings.
There has been a flurry of activity at school and kinder.
Until she arrived in Heaven, finding both her loves waiting none too patiently for her, and both men eager to renew their lives together. No, physical pain doesn’t exist in Heaven, but Elsa’s heart can still break. Who will she choose, husband number one, or husband number two?
Coventry is a city which I know very well, though it is over a decade since I last visited it. It was an interesting trip down memory lane to the city famed for its 11th Century noblewoman who rode a horse naked through the city's streets in protest at punitive taxes imposed by her husband Leofric, Earl of Mercia. Bizarrely, he had promised to revoke the taxes if she did so.
On a writing note of positivity, I wound up writing for Interior Design web sites as well as exclusive ski resorts, my own Interior Design instructor’s profile and media, high-end realtors and custom design cabinet craftsman in the field. So, it served me well, I suppose in as much as I was writing by design once again. About design itself.
This is their life, frequent visits to the hospital, lost hours spent hooked to machines. They are familiar with these halls, with these rooms, with this staff.
- This itinerary starts on a Saturday for a reason. Most things except the Marais are closed on Sundays, and almost all the museums were closed on Monday. If you are visiting on different days, you will have to move things around.
In addition to these, Darwin gave us another very important criterion by which to test his theory. This criterion is so important, Darwin wrote, that it could cause his theory to be absolutely broken down:
KayTar's sleep study was last night and it went better and worse than I expected. It went better in that she didn't have any major allergic reactions to the adhesives, so the no-Coban/limited adhesives plan worked. It was worse in that there wasn't much sleep happening during that sleep study. She slept enough for them to get the data they needed, but it was not a restful night and she moaned a lot and woke up confused a few times. She usually sleeps right through the night, even when we've been inpatient, but it is tough to get rest when you are hooked up like this! EEG, EKG, nasal cannulas, bands around the chest to measure expansions/contractions, sensors on her legs and chin, pulse oximeter...yowza!
But don’t hold your breath. Their silence – or worse, equivocation – will be thunderous.
Second, my goal was to encourage the interaction. I wanted to learn more about the people in my life. The ones that I update year after year with news of the happenings in my home. The people I share my life with, whether I see them daily or haven’t seen them in years. Though I know many of them intimately and we have close bonds, I wanted to know more about them creatively. For me, the learning is fun and meaningful.
This 22nd annual World Report summarizes human rights conditions in more than 90 countries and territories worldwide in 2011. It reflects extensive investigative work that Human Rights Watch staff has undertaken during the year, often in close partnership with domestic human rights activists.
And some color.
England has been especially good to me at letting me know this .
and praying under my breath to God, or anyone who would listen.....
i'm scared. i know there is a chance things could get better, stay the same, or get worse. as long as they don't get worse, i'll be happy. i know my lil jubba is a strong boy and he will recover, but i'm just kind of disappointed it had to happen RIGHT NOW.
Oh and look at the time! It's after 2:00 again. Sigh. I'd better get to bed before I start thinking my pillow is an alligator.
Fast forward four years and the federal government now owns the "new GM." It was inconceivable in 2006 that Uncle Sam soon would be in the business of making cars, not to mention in the businesses of banking and insurance, setting salaries of CEOs, purchasing mortgages, etc., etc. This dramatic turn of events means that court decisions that once seemed exceedingly narrow have acquired new breadth and scope. This essay thus explores how Zoltek justifies extensive infringement of U.S. patents by GM and other firms now working for the federal government. Although it is arguable that denying patent-owners their constitutional rights is insignificant in any situation, the events since 2006 at least suggest that many people spoke too soon when they claimed that Zoltek was of little import or concern."
P.I Records PI-LPS-4018
What they don’t tell you about blogging is that it is really easy to write when you are complaining; it’s significantly less interesting to write about how things are going well.
My Cheeky Monkey
You might have noticed that little red button in my sidebar that looks like this:
11/08/10 Update: Our wonderful Elise was able to create a card with us this month! Yay!
- Apart from the aforementioned Craigslist ads and one or two other job postings (the multiple grammatical and spelling errors in these ads aren't tremendously confidence-inspiring), information on LCP was nonexistent. No website. No press releases. No publications. Not even a street address or phone number.
It's all about priorities, and I know this book is important to me and I know it needs to get finished. I also know it's not going to happen when I'm glued to twitter/facebook/blogger/google analytics (what? like you don't check your stats ever!) all day.
Here is the living room of our first house, that we bought when we got married.
After months of rainy, cold weather, the sun-drenched weekend was a welcome relief. On Saturday, we decided to head East on U.S. Route 2 or otherwise known as Stevens Pass for another much-needed road trip. Route 2 is an east–west U.S. Highway spanning 2,579 miles (4,150 km) across the northern continental United States.
Now, however, we perhaps have almost as many migrants, many of them refugees, from Zimbabwe, Congo and other countries, which has also led to an increase in xenophobia.
I thought it was quite funny he had made several of these 'photograph postcards' to send to his family. I had never seen them before.
Everyday is a new day. Regardless of whether I cried myself to sleep from loneliness or stayed up late with friends playing our respective record collections, the sun again rises the next day. And we are where we started from before.
I know..but in order to finish something,
I was given tour as the initiation into the inner sanctum of the hallowed halls of the physical fitness temple. In order to complete this rite of passage from the dark side, the gym presented me with gifts including my own gym bag and t-shirt (not to mention a variety of other doodads like key chains and gym-swipe card holders). After the first tour of this revered establishment and sufficient time to reflect on the multitudes of mediaeval torture machines all arrayed to work out “different” muscle groups in your body, I made a decision. This old gal would never quite “get there” but might be able to fulfill the requirements of appearing to “try” by pursuing the bike and the treadmill. Yep, these relatively “normal” machines won in my books by a long shot. I could possibly achieve some level of physical fitness while appearing “cool” (not embarrassing my children) and not having to break too big a sweat beyond what I was used to cleaning up after my lot!
Catch us the foxes,
reading poems about his childhood—
but i've added a great new feature - an alligator clip to the back along with a pin,
“There is great potential if people want to work”, says Mr. Coetzee. “They prefer stealing to working, and I cannot live in such an environment. But where will I get work?” he asks.
I've noticed with gluten free flour, recipes come out a little drier.
Thanks for your consideration.
We’re heading to March 2010 for some Master Plan visuals and professional explanations, folks.
Did you need your husband to be supportive? Were you barely keeping your head above water, barely taking care of that newborn cause you kept thinking it wasn't yours and the "real" parents were going to show up and take it away any moment now? And you would look up at your husband like that cat from Shrek 2, who now has his own "Puss 'N Boots" Movie, with those big, round, dark eyes, that just pleaded "Help Me?"..."Please?"
These are different species. But according to the idea behind micro and macro evolution … they are not.
Democrats are perpetually discontented. They don’t like things the way they are, they want something different. They form their committees and Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) so they have a larger voice in order to try to fix everything according to their lights. Liberty is not on their agenda. For Obama, leaving the individual citizen alone —without government help —is inconceivable. Yet this is a deep misunderstanding of the American people. America was founded by people trying to escape government regulation and government interference in their lives. We are a people hostile to committees and bureaus and bureaucrats.
I’m back to square one now, still looking for a job. I have no idea how long it will take me, but I won’t give up. I am determined to find something that will make me happy. There’s still hope.
We've chased them up several times and I've had words with The Farmer about why we have to use them, but he insists. Life on the farm is never dull, but it is a little bit too laid back sometimes when things clearly need to be done. So when I went outside and almost bit one of their heads off (the other one was hiding behind the wall), it was quite obvious they didn't want to talk to me. After all, I'm a woman, what the fuck do I know about gutters and drain pipes? Actually not a lot, but that's not the point. I stomped off and summoned The Farmer from the shed who calmly greeted the workmen as if he was grateful they'd turned up. I give up. I really do.
because one works on a ship so she just comes back to 'the land' 4moths a year..
I could not, would not break the law.
Observed so far :
The central issue is not about the big 'H' - homebirth. The central issue is the midwife's right to engage in professional practice. A midwife who is attending a woman in labour, with or without a scarred uterus or any other of the listed contraindications, or complication, is professionally able to work with the woman to make appropriate decisions. In some cases that may mean going to hospital; in others it means staying at home. At all times the wellbeing and safety of mother and baby guide the midwife's professional advice. Home is only a setting. Healthy mothers and babies are the outcome we desire.
Schedules!
The President has previously celebrated birthdays for both aides and journalists aboard Air Force One, but Goldman (l) omitted her party details in her report about the trip published today by Bloomberg. A Maryland native, she has frequently traveled abroad with the President, and also covered his 2008 presidential race. Goldman writes a riveting account of the cloak-and-dagger subterfuge and extra measures required to keep the very dangerous trip both secret and secure, due to dire concerns for the safety of the President and everyone in his entourage. She manages to avoid the subject of her party by ending her Bloomberg report as Air Force One takes off from Bagram Air Base, minutes after the President finished his live address.
Old, learned, respectable bald heads
Time to stop the whirling top
“Remember the last spring when you first met Mickey from the two doors down and the bite he gave you became infected?”
I’m not saying don’t do it. I’m saying take the time to really research Author Apps. I do know that you can track clicks from an App, but just today we had 231 clicks on The Shelfless Book The Complete Digital Author, but we haven’t had that in sales today. Download a few Authors Apps, talk to authors, find out pricing etc, and then ask yourself is this App something that will make your readers happy? Does it fit into your overall author marketing plan and your budget?
through
NB! The recording must show the applicant conducting in front view
spica pens
Now there are also games that have no Factions. LotRO is one of those games that really have only one side. If you level up high enough, or pay for the privilege, you can do the Monster races. But they are limited in the area they can be, and what they can do. This game was designed specifically to be a Role-Playing Game, and the PvP aspect was really not addressed until it had been around for awhile. This produces a few races that all fight on the same side. You can not choose to be one of the humans from Mordor, that tries to catch the ring bearer.
So here is my outfit.
Ginger Tea
RAGEN: This is an illustration of good intentions gone horribly awry. Calling these contestants good examples of health and fitness is deeply problematic. There are already firsthand accounts of Biggest Loser contestants being encouraged to engage in incredibly unhealthy behaviors, including working out against doctor’s orders and manipulating their weight through dehydration
Getting to know my way round London and going to see shows, looking round museums and generally trying to look like I know where I'm going (by walking quickly).
KENNEDY TRIED TO END THE FED – AND THE COLD WAR
3. Pass this award on to 15 newly discovered blogs and let them know that they've received an award!
3. Third World Part I (5:39)
We were still bushwhacking our way through. My filter went down. The day before I decided that the prefilter was impeding the progress and removed it. However, this clogged up the main pump with some wood pieces. Thus my filter was out of commission. We can still use the filtering cartridge, but in some other pump. My boots started leaking slowly. So sad. These were high quality $250 leather boots. They were supposed to be bomb-proof. Oh, well, I guess nothing lasts forever. Igor’s and V’s boots were leaking as well; not sure about Girish’s. For lunch we stumbled upon an area which was relatively free from tall bushes. Recent advent of a warm sunny weather allowed people to dry their stuff. Alaska can be very nice when it isn’t raining. Withe the nice weather we could hear all the airplanes flying around.
I said: “Is it good friend?”
There’s something else worth considering.
I plan on returning to the Animal Kingdom and revisiting the Tree of Life in its entirety, including its underground theater. Ten years after my initial visit, I look forward to viewing the tree with fresh eyes and educated appreciation for the artistry and technology on display.
Amor Keys always keeps me inspired.........
The Christian Endeavor root of A.A. is such a challenge. No AA historian other than Richard K. and I seems to have mentioned it at all. Nor did Bill Wilson or his latter-day, well-paid publishing crew. More and more forcefully, the “headquarters” crowd began pushing the idea “A.A. is not a religious society, since it requires no definite religious belief as a condition of membership” (See 44 Questions. New York: Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc., 1952, p. 19). This revisionist theme has nonetheless been rejected by the many courts that have ruled against the faulty reasoning that a fellowship dedicated to finding God and promulgating steps to a relationship with God is not religious in purpose and character.
just relish the living
Quality Banquet Chairs
6) What's the strangest dream you have ever had?
You always want to start with your smallest carving point. You want to start with your finest details first. I think of this step like an outline. You want to always carve away from yourself--not only is it safer, but you have more control over your carving tools. You also want to work from the inside to the out.
My first submission is based on a photograph I must have taken some time back in the 1970s. It was in a Bingo Hall in, I think, Bridlington. I pointed the camera into the arcade and took a photograph in the hope that something interesting might emerge when I developed the film. Nothing must have emerged because, as far as I can remember, I never made a print from the negative. But now, when I scan it, I see a woman who has turned away from her bingo game to see what kind of person wastes good film on such a scene. And there is something about her stance, something about her look, something about her enigmatic eyes which makes me want to take her out of her context and discover her anew. It's a silly game, I know, but it keeps me amused during the cold winter months.
Even now, when there are challenging seasons, I find that the things that kept me going are still inspirational biographies, a good cup of coffee or tea in a nice cafe somewhere and travelling to exotic places.
“Disclosure: I am part of the Life Made Delicious Blogger program and I receive special perks as part of my affiliation with this group. The opinions on this blog are my own.”
In general, income features in both SPIAs and DIAs fall into two broad categories, says Baker. These categories are guarantees and liquidity features. Carriers vary in which features they offer.
Respond to this person, this challenge, this deed.
They also learn how to use the poop for fertilizer.
You can just make out the sand timers on the table, the difference colours represent a set time, from left to right and I was advised to let my tea brew for a minimum of five minutes. The photo was taken using natural lighting and I simply applied a vignette filter if i remember correctly.
Well, the baby indeed appears to be viable. Little heart hammering away, brain formed, all major parts accounted for, and it was shaking and shimmying in there. The magic of seeing one’s baby for the very first time, it just never goes away.
So it was either another blaster of American Pie or a blaster of World of Sports. I should have gone with American Pie…
Van Wyk's mutilated body – his genitals had been cut off -- was found in the dining room of the house. One of the suspected murder weapons and beads covered in blood were found buried in the fields next to a lion camp near a neighbouring farmer Basie Venter’s homestead, who was found murdered in exactly the same way just hours earlier.
You know, this is probably in the eye of the beholder. I don't force my kids to brush their teeth, so one might say I neglect their dental hygiene. This dad didn't force his daughter not to skip school, so a judge decided he was neglectful and put him in jail.
“Sorry, baby girl, you have to come with me.”
Preparing a good resource schedule manually is a tough job with more variables to be taken into consideration than actually feasible. A good software “e-Resource scheduler” is available which overcomes the obstacles of manual scheduling, fits the needs of the managers and staff, and is flexible and robust. It is easy to use and operationally proven by different organizations. It is well supported via help desk and maintenance releases for user confidence. It delivers fast schedules even in complex scenarios to match staff supply to business requirements.
Anyway, it would be fun if we could make a little group out of it :)
Lex Manchester is PI and now hired to go undercover as a nerd which is not such a stretch. He is blown away at Gillian’s look and has troubles keeping his attention on protecting her. Instead he wants to get to know her a whole lot better.
Dragons have a place in both eastern and western history and culture which gives a clue to their popularity. Dragons are always large, powerful and dangerous, and people who have dragon tattoos likely feel that yes, they are a bit like that too. In stories dragons are often imbued with some magical or supernatural power, far beyond that of ordinary animals. They can also talk in riddles, they can fly, and they are usually almost invulnerable, qualities which any human would be happy to acquire.
No more worrying about my case after 30 years of endless worries and thinkingness and registrars, execs, fsms, maa’s and cs’s and arcx break auditors wanting me to handle to continue my bridge.
If you are not using coconut milk, increase the water amount to 1/2 cup.
And I'm not sure if I've ever mentioned it before, but if you ever have any questions or enquiries you can contact me at dozendresses@hotmail.co.uk (there's a contact link on the sidebar, too.) Come at me dudes.
C. Jesus hung on the cross and he declared, “It is finished.”
done by the CIA
5/5/12: Eli Manning/Rihanna: Guess what? Little Eli may just be the best quarterback in the Manning family. Now, yes, he absolutely has a ways to go to catch up to Peyton statistically, but he does have more Super Bowl rings, and that is no fluke. But … the topic at hand is hosting SNL. Peyton Manning is hands down the best athlete host in SNL history, and Eli has never really indicated that he has the charisma to match his brother when it comes to endorsement deals or television appearances. All I’m saying is, Eli may want to take some pointers from big brother.
In 1936, the group signed to Decca and after just 3 records, broke up (the last recording was February 12, 1936).
Afraid your insides will rust? Pure laziness? Just never really liked attracting females?
In the wake of every traumatic experience humans are re-traumatised, in new and unfamiliar ways, which combine to create the occurrence of an aftermath. Often the newly-discovered politics and the integral confusions of these repercussions are at least as traumatic as the experiences which gave them being.
I chose this over the studio version (Machine Head) simply because it’s more muscular and loosey-goosey. Ian Gillan sounds like he knows he’s the luckiest man in the world. See Amboy Dukes (below).
To see these made from cotton and electricity elastic material, they are super comfortable. They are like denim leggings, but they are more suitable for a lot of compliment, because in the outline. I can happily wear them most of the day still remain comfortable (I have done), this thing is very important to choose jeans for me. Comfort is the top on my list for long-term. These ticks two boxes!
And how is the hotel? Spectacular, particularly room number 301 because it's a corner room with 2 balconies and a veranda. But when we return for another conference in June, I'm bringing my own pillow because I don't like the overstuffed variety.
I think this speaks to how we think of race as an unchanging dynamic today even though it’s been in fluctuation since the concept was created. Also it works to disabuse people of the notion that there was an overwhelming consensus in the Civil Rights Era as it’s been properly defined when our heroes of yesteryear had many of the intra-community pressures and differences that people still hold today. The interview is great and I’d recommend folks to go read the whole thing.
My personal blogger John Fleming was there last night with the “un-named” woman who makes his presence bearable – actually he is a welcome sight for anyone who wishes to be loved and accepted as an artist – ARTIST MATE! He can review it – you all ask him.
Real brain trust we got here, let me tell you.
Paper-All Seasons 1 pack by The Paper Studio, solid cardstock is CM
The flip side, to that, is that I sometimes stay too long, in uncomfortable places, because I know how fucked up I can be... and I feel that there is something I need to learn about the emotion that I am experiencing, or the place that I have found myself to be. I have also found out that that is not necessarily so, lol.. perhaps I should just acknowledge that I don't need to be there and move on.
After that I took a cleaning break so we built a humongous Lego castle. We had to take off walls several time because at the last minute the clients decided they needed a bridge to reach the smaller castle and a secret passage through one of the wall. At the end we were very happy with the result and the clients(the wonder pets) were satisfied with the architecture of the building.
The only blogger making comments on Deep Desert Blues was the author until Wendy Woo rode through the internet fog & slammed down something to say. What she said, incidentally, was pretty complimentary. The author, Rawclyde, is hopeful others will sample his masterpiece and follow with more comments ~ although receiving more enlightenment from just Wendy Woo would suit Rawclyde just fine. The dominatrix is quite fetching, to say the least.
Zainab was arrested while she was sitting in a roundabout on the Budaiya Highway, as part of a sit-in called for by protesters called Occupy Budaiya Street which aimed at pressuring the government to release political prisoners and pay tribute to Bahrain's 40-plus martyrs, killed at the hand of security forces since the unrest started.
The newt play the flute
Patterned Paper: DCWV - The Luxury Stack, The Garden Party Matstack
Two little xc type jumps just outside of the arena. The gated property is across the street in the background.
I am FINALLY finished school (for now)... I actually finished on April 12th but have been busy getting ready for school (haha) in June. For those of you who have been following me since I first started blogging and video making... I'm sure you've noticed that I am always complaining about school and how it takes up a lot of my time which keeps me from blogging and making videos regularly. Well, I am officially done my undergrad and will be starting my training at Teacher's College in June in upstate New York! I'm super excited and have been really busy and swamped with getting my student visa/registration/paper work done in time -- everything is moving really fast!
‘Is Cassie here? Is she with him? She’s pregnant? Oh well. God give me the grace to grow as slow as I need to go and stop when I meet my head.’
Choices—small ones, big ones, life-changing ones—we make them every day. But what happens when your choice involves an ethical dilemma? What if it also involves someone you care about? What if you have failed at everything and finally have an opportunity to set things right? What if doing the wrong thing gives you a second chance to do the right thing?
Political Science is in there, but I really don’t care. From my experience with the comments section(lurking) it looks like other political scientists feel the same way. This didn’t stop dozens of other misguided souls from the twelve other majors, from taking the bait and increasing The Daily Beast subscriber total by at least ten percent. I’m throwing that number out there, from my ass. My point is, I had a good time reading people come charging after this article out of some twisted sense of loyalty to anthropology. With their major on the line, nobody went too crazy, but here are some of the more interesting comments(I cut some of these off, possibly removing context, for the sake of teh funny:
But I was amazed to see the cheese course/fromages served to each guest
Now, here we have an archetype. A landmark. The kind of a movie that would set the tone for these same kind of movies to come.
We finally made a U-turn about 45 minutes later and got directions to the Lodge. On the way there, we oohed and aahed the waterfalls as I envisioned us traipsing through the snow for hot-buttered rum by the lodge fireplace.
Blue - self explanatory on this layout!
There are many reasons to grow foods at home. You’ll know exactly what went into growing them and you’ll be saving money—all at the same time. But best of all are the tasty rewards enjoyed with family and friends.
9/14/02.
urad dhal for tempering
Now that last statement may be a tad harsh and opinionated but I feel as if Tyler Perry has found a niche, a comfort zone and he will not challenge himself to step out of that box and try something innovative. I applaud Spike Lee for stepping out of his comfort zone many of times throughout his career. After constant tales of race relations within the inner city of Brooklyn, Spike branched off and tried new things. I remember when I went to see “Inside Man” starring Denzel Washington in theaters, because it looked like a bad ass bank robber movie, and was blown away when the credits rolled and stated “Directed by Spike Lee”.
The shoes had a bit of a comeback today - the first (and last) time I wore them I had the most horrendous blisters. No running for a bit, and I had to get those large Elastoplasts in order to not cry when I wore shoes. Some preemptive Bandaids sorted that problem today.
I promise you that you won't hear that screeching feedback
This week's pitch comes to us from Jarm, a freelance writer for Women & Children. She has been published three times in Thriving Family Magazine. Her passion is to make the Bible and history come alive for children. Feel free to check out her blog.
Here's are ten things that I really, really don't want to talk about today, because it utterly misses the point (even though I might have done in the past - today is not the day):
The higher the frequency of the photon, the higher its energy level. Therefore, such photons will have a correspondingly larger field of influence than their lower-energy counterparts…..” (Source :http://www.play-hookey.com/optics/photon_characteristics.html)
* Inquisition
One of the negative aspects of the Kindle Fire, which the Nook Color shares, is the small screen size, measuring at 7 inches diagonally. This makes viewing magazines and such difficult and Amazon was forced to create a mode that shows just text. The iPad definitely beats its competition there, but of course for a lot more money.
My first real boyfriend, ever, was uncircumcised.
DVD16 The Coil Reconstruction Set #2
It was a good lesson for me. The Internet can educate and inspire. There are a wealth of talented people willing to teach us new things. All we have to do is pay attention and watch until the very end of the presentation -- and hey -- maybe even take notes.
Ok, I know I just put up a post, but I just realized something. It's Tuesday. Right now. Uh, that means that yesterday was Monday. Follow me so far? That also means that for 2 out of 3 weeks, Movie Monday has been on a Tuesday! Seriously? Am I losing my mind already?
2 whatever
My second quilt is based on this beauty Rita made a while ago. I'm planning on this being our picnic blanket but I might change my mind. A lot depends on how soon I'll get sick of making an insane amount of HSTs.
Changes in my lifestyle include using reusable bags, using a reusable water bottle (love it!), purchasing my first reusable containers instead of Ziploc bags, turning off the water when brushing my teeth, hanging my comforter out to dry instead of machine drying it, and buying my meat at the co-op (very happy about this change) just to name a few. Moving into the future I would like to transition over to green cleaning products and start riding my bike more.
Ordy and I entered a contest to win an engagement photo shoot with a local photographer here and we are neck to neck with some of the other contestants... I thought it might be an easy competition because of only EIGHT entries, little did I know I'm up against TOUGH, determined competitors!!!
If you like Rosie, don't forget to leave a comment here on this post for a chance to win her! You have until 11:59 PM, Saturday, April 14th to enter for the random draw. Have fun hopping and good luck! =)
Write your own cock n’ bull story.
“In addition the Advanced Manufacturing Supply Chain Initiative will help build manufacturing capacity and ensure that more of the necessary components can be sourced in this country. We will support projects that deliver economic growth, greater competitiveness and safeguard or generate jobs.
First we'll make the pie dough.
mary coyle
So no, it's true, we don't know how many innocent people have been convicted and exonerated, much less how many more are languishing in prison, either for violent crimes or lesser offenses. However, I think it's a positive sign that at least people are beginning to ask the question, and demand more accountable answers.
What is your timeline/budget? Many people think we designers just sit around all day cleaning our hipster glasses and discussing how much better we are than the common folk, but design takes a lot of time and energy. Nine times out of ten, the more time (within reason, of course) a designer gets to spend with your book cover, the better it will be.
Grayson leveled an impatient gaze on him.
The angels give you some inner insight.
The point is this: Your voice is your livelihood so figure out what works BEFORE you’re in a booth dealing with a producer on the job!
So, here’s my question for you: Should we do away with the bullhorn altogether – at least for now? Do you have a successful, current bullhorn story? It is biblical, after all. I’d love to hear from you on this.
- QC Rep. Winnie Castelo and his Anti-Planking Act of 2011
The Birthday Girl in her "party animal" hat.
Anyone doing yard work towards the beginning of the season knows how many things you forget the FIRST time you went to Lowe’s! So, another trip to Lowe’s is in store for a few small items. Forget the lifting, hauling, and loading that takes place at Lowe’s, I have to go to the bathroom. Public bathrooms…..sigh…..not my favorite. You just never know. So, all you girls know where I’m going with this! Time to hold a squat over the seat deep enough to ensure proper aim and long enough for me to finish. Mission accomplished. Can I also mention here that when I lived in Africa and did my clinicals in Vietnam, I was amazed at how functional the old population was! No wheelchairs, crutches or canes, just mobile 80 year olds. I thought a lot about that when I first took notice. One MAJOR difference in how they live is how they go to the bathroom. They squat over a hole in the ground. That’s right, every single time they want to use the bathroom, they must hold a sustained squat for the duration. This is a full and proper squat too; the butt is low, ankles mobile, chest up. Imagine how much stronger our older population would be if they had to not only be able to do a full squat multiple times a day, but also be able to hold that squat for a duration of time! I now incorporate squats into every single elderly individual’s rehab that I do. It’s amazing how much difference being able to get out of a chair without pushing or pulling your way up can do for functionality! Thanks Crossfit.
BIOLOGICAL ROBOTS USED TO FIGHT THE POSITIVE ETs WITH FEAR
It is not a far- fetched thought due to the miraculous ability of the brain-that it is able to reroute messages via other pathways when a part becomes injured or diseased. It has been postulated that when an area of the brain is 70% affected by illness including oxidative damage or lack of essential nutrients for optimal brain function, we see changes in health. Parkinson’s disease, dementia, seizures, multiple sclerosis and even Lou Gehrig’s disease are currently on the rise in the world. Alzheimer’s disease is in the top 5 costly diseases in the world. MS (multiple sclerosis) is more prevalent in the US and Canada than the entire world. But still we just keep doing test after test and giving pill after pill and another pill for the side effect of some, and give some pills for which they were not specifically designed for but may have some benefit. How smart is that! I feel like we are all guinea pigs.
Bales’ family has also been moved to an army base. The Pentagon said the blackout was to keep those who knew Bales safe. It is believed that he had a drinking problem, as well as a mental issue, which likely combined to result in the shocking attack on the Afghan village in the province of Kandahar.
I know it’s normal, but I’m thinking of a different home. I want to go home to a house with my parents and brother, in a place where I can schedule impromptu lunch meetings with my closest friends. I miss you all so much, and it feels sad that I am in a city a hundred miles away from all of you.
2 days ago my wife and I looked at each other and made a decision. We quit!
What's your quiet place?
And thus began the beginning of beautiful friendships!
Oh and I wonder if the need comes if worker's comp will cover wii? Is that part of my job description? LOL
It was the year before Viagra was introduced. The product was called Muse. It was a tiny little suppository pill. Now, I'm not going to tell you where you put this tiny little suppository pill because this a family-friendly blog. Use your imagination and try not to scream.
In the meantime life in these parts has been pleasant, as we've enjoyed some lovely spring weather in Oregon. Sunny skies and warm temperatures brought out the best in me and I spent hours weeding and planting vegetables, excited about eating the produce out of my own garden all summer long. Both kids have requested a spot of their own in the garden. Wish granted. Blue Eyed Boy will grow zucchini, and Toothless Fairy will grow herbs and pansies. May they appreciate the results of their gardening efforts. :)
During an evening speech in Phoenix, the former Pennsylvania senator did offer up a defense of his belief in the existence of good and evil.
talluhbloom sweet missus!!
I paid with a note. The pharmacist pushed the boxes of needles my way and dumped the change down in a saucer on the counter so as to avoid the slightest risk of accidentally touching my hand. Then without uttering the customary “Bonne Journée!” she disappeared out back – probably to have a full strip-down disinfectant scrub.
Side note about Kate:
There were some upheavals though. The long line for the upcoming World Cup Cricket tickets were lead news/ talking point in the news media. The world cup ticket hoopla was duly followed by nearly 24/7 news coverage of the roller coaster ride of the stock market. TV news as well as the talk shows were all filled with footage of angry investors, bleeding from RAB baton Charge, rallying and pelting stones at nearby cars and government offices. The Government took the challenge politically and made sure that the following day the stock index rebound with a two fold vigor.
Our renovations continue. I was going to post updated pictures, but now I think I'll wait until everything is done in a room to post it. It's costing what could have been Claire's full college fund, but I'm sure she won't hold that against us down the road. I've lost years of my life agonizing over etsy purchases for wall decor and near daily trips to Lowe's, Home Depot, and/or (usually and) Target. Tonight's post-dinner run with the kids netted us a beautiful arctic white drop-in sink, lovely polished chrome shower fixtures, and coordinating vanity light. When we pulled up to the store Landon cried out, "Oh, but this store is BORING!" Obviously he hasn't been watching enough HGTV.
- They're also making a game with Ubisoft, complete with old-school graphics and music. (Check out the preview from Penny Arcade Expo East here on YouTube.) I know Kati kicks it old-school gamer a lot more than I do, so this is totally for her!
If you can convey both excitement and urgency while getting people to trust and believe in you, you’ll have a sure-fire formula for success. Ramp the vibe of the emails up over time, with the language and copy getting stronger and more urgent the closer it gets to the actual launch date.
We are exhausted, and the only thing we did was go to the drugstore.
Then it was time for Goldie to meet her sisters. Well, one of them, the other one was having a rough time.
“Stations haven’t been playing “Mrs. Robinson” for 32 years just because everyone likes Simon & Garfunkel (although I really do love them!). It’s because 80% of stations’ playlists match all across the country. So much for thinking that media exposes us to new and different ideas, eh?”
Then not.
To ensure your safety the garden of the Hôtel de Sens is closed due to a risk of rockfall.
Jackson - 9
you can work on something else, or not write at all. I haven't touched it since. I've read it through and decided it was good, but I could improve it a million and one ways. The next thing to do is to revise the story. This involves a lot of thinking to start with. I still haven't got past the thinking stage, but more on that later.
But I'm still here and that counts for a lot right now
Come along and sing the song!
Obama predicted that NATO leaders would embrace the plan when they meet in Chicago later this month. They will lay out goals for the handover of security responsibility to Afghan forces, he said, ultimately enabling most allied forces to withdraw.
For producers to increase the number of middle-market clients with their smaller cases, they’ll need more efficiency. Companies can step in to help, said Hughes of GAMA.
Instead of adding the paper as a background paper, you can add it as an embellishment so that you can move the paper around. This is especially useful when using papers with stripes or circles, so you can decide which part of the paper you want to use.
The question remains what other department might this be married to besides psychology, business, or the career center (and would topics of cultural trends be relevant). Arguably I can see it being co-listed in all 3 areas–but really housed in business in the same way organizational psychology might be housed in business (because it doesn’t seem to require a large depth of understanding about the larger field of psychology). Even if thats the case, I think the most logical positioning from an external or internal actor is the business department.
The thing that really annoys me is this... there is a certain group of people (whom I won't name, otherwise I'll get tonnes of hate mail) who think its ok to come into the prayer room lastminute.com and assume that a spot will mgically open up for them. Just so you know woman - the space doesn't open up, but rather you squash the rest of us who actually turned up on time. And, to make matters worse, they often bring in these huge shopping bags with them. It's kinda ironic that in the shrines in their own country, they are not even allowed to take food and water bottles, let alone shopping, but in Syria they think nothing of huge 'take up a whole person's space' shopping bags.
In the evening we had a bbq in the garden with my parents.
But Rabbi Jesus. Now that’s a different story. No calorie, no carb, no fat, no points, no high fructose corn syrup.
He loves learning through play and so currently, I am slowly trying to get him to speak more by playing 字宝宝 cards.
But He didn't. He knew we'd be here for a seemingly long life. He knew we'd have some hard times. I don't think I'm the only one who has sought peace and consolation from nature. When my heart has been heavy, I have often retired to a walk on the beach or through the woods, depending on where I lived. I felt closer to Him there, and I poured my heart out to Him, and I felt like He listened. I know He did.
Small, prone to flipping and fast. Mongooses lack armament and are typically used for flag carrying missions.
Rea: Despite the title, The Cheat Sheet is for anyone in a relationship or just thinking about getting into a relationship. I find it fascinating that 60% of people who get married will be divorced and that half of men and women are said to cheat at some point in their committed relationships. I feel like we’re doing something wrong. I come from a very committed family. My parents, who have been married 34 years, are so blissfully happy, it was almost confusing growing up. While my friends’ parents got divorced as easily as going on vacation, I was guarded by my parents’ love. I wanted to emulate it. Relationships began to fascinate me. I studied them in school and in psychology. I became the kind of relationship guru – the person people always came to for advice. Confidently (and naively) I got married at 22 and found myself vastly unprepared. Seven years into that relationship, I separated, had an affair with my male best friend and realized that infidelity can happen to anyone at any time. We can convince ourselves of anything if we want it badly enough. After that experience, I really began talking to people about their relationships. Everyone I know has a story about infidelity. So, I decided to write a book about it. This book provides real stories of infidelity, tools to discover cheating, how to get through infidelity with our without your partner and most importantly, how to affair-proof your relationship. It is a book based on reality. Being in a relationship can be tricky. I feel like we get so much pressure from society to grow up and get married, but we’re not provided with the right tools to live happily ever after. I’m hoping this book will provide some accessible tools so people can make their own relationship rules.
I have begun today to see what I can do to make sure that he is a one-term President!
The title of this reading is "Defining Moments"
10. Killing Joke "The Raven King" 6:28
on the left side of the body, i.e., the
So I push stuff around in the house as it is too early to do anything else. Then the phone rings again. This time, someone is RSVPing to the event. She says, “I RSVPed on Facebook…” and my mind goes blank. OMG, I forgot to check Facebook! I had already thought we had a full house before then. So I look at the Facebook event list and think, It’s gonna be really full now.
shone through so clear it damn near killed us,
Or perhaps not so small.
Benjamin Franklin attended a revival meeting in Philadelphia and was greatly impressed with Whitefield’s ability to deliver a message to such a large group. Franklin had previously dismissed, as an exaggeration, reports of Whitefield preaching to crowds of the order of tens of thousands in England. When listening to Whitefield preaching from the Philadelphia court-house, Franklin walked away towards his shop in Market Street until he could no longer hear Whitefield distinctly. He then estimated his distance from Whitefield and calculated the area of a semicircle centred on Whitefield. Allowing two square feet per person he computed that Whitefield could be heard by up to thirty thousand people in the open air.
I want to ask you this. How much do you remember about the physical apparatus that was necessary for this? I ask you these things only of interest to see what your Akash is up to. We have said there was something called the target Human.
USCIS said it is expanding its hours and staff to help respond to the deluge of naturalization applications received last year.
"We are hopeful that this prosecution will restore safety and security in the neighborhood where this gang operated," U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade said.
After the models walked the runway, two Aveda students came out to talk about the hair and makeup, which I thought was great! However, the model they talked about for the makeup portion in the red line had bangs that literally covered her eyes and you couldn't see her makeup! #Fail. I'm sure it was great too!
I need to whine a bit here so if you'd rather not hear it - click somewhere else. :)
In 1977 he was elected as the President of the South African Council of Churches, as the bitter confrontation between the government of the day and prophetic church deepened. This was a period where this confrontation shifted from critical engagement to non-collaboration and non-violent protest.
The provisions of 37 CFR 1.17(f), 1.26(a) and (b), 1.52(d)(2), 1.53(b) and (c)(4), 1.75(b) and (c), 1.76(b)(5), 1.78, 1.104(a)(1) and (b), 1.110, 1.114(a) and (d), 1.136(a)(1), 1.142(a), 1.145, 1.495(g), and 1.704(c)(11) in effect as of August 7, 2008 are the provisions of 37 CFR 1.17(f), 1.26(a) and (b), 1.52(d)(2), 1.53(b) and (c)(4), 1.75(b) and (c), 1.76(b)(5), 1.78, 1.104(a)(1) and (b), 1.110, 1.114(a) and (d), 1.136(a)(1), 1.142(a), 1.145, 1.495(g), and 1.704(c)(11) in effect on October 31, 2007, and may be found in the July 2007 Revision of the Code of Federal Regulations. The provisions 37 CFR 1.105(a)(1)(ix), 1.114(f), (g), and (h), 1.117, 1.142(c), 1.265, and 1.704(c)(11) as added by the Claims and Continuations Final Rule are not in effect as of August 7, 2008.
‘Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.’
In various Asian folk medicine traditions, turmeric has been used to treat a long list of conditions, including diarrhea, fever, bronchitis, colds, parasitic worms, leprosy, and bladder and kidney inflammations. Herbalists have applied turmeric salve to bruises, leech bites, festering eye infections, mouth inflammations, skin conditions, and infected wounds. Some people inhale smoke from burning turmeric to relieve chronic coughs. Turmeric mixed with hot water and sugar is considered by some herbalists to be a remedy for colds.
The power of God not praised.
prophesy concerning who
Eldest Son: “… God *I* pray that my little brother learns to listen and doesn’t keep me up all night, making those silly noises. And I pray for all the people we love who have cancer right now, Lord, & I pray that my sister will stop snoring and keeping me up all night with her complaining…”
hot sauce (so funny! Every time I open the fridge, he makes a beeline for Hubs' Tabasco, and I always say "no, no, we don't play with the hot sauce, and lo and behold, he added a new phrase to his vocab!)
He made it just fine, but she was dubbed “The World’s Worst Mom.” Wow.
As attachment parents we have had to put aside fears and anxiety as our children have transitioned to teens. Just as when they were infants/toddlers and had the need to nurse or the need to have me by their side as a seven year old playing with friends, we have had to listen to their needs as teens when they are ready to show some independence from mom and dad. By holding them too close, we are not allowing them to be who they want/need to be. We are not trusting them to trust themselves.
Kept forgetting each time.
Oh well...maybe I can get creative and do something like this with them.
Routes any 16 computers to any 16 monitors with cross-point capability, supporting resolutions up to 1920×1200 or 1080p.
At home, you get to listen to your children fight over the remote control and get treated to hours and hours of mindless cartoons thanks to cable.
But my affinity for organic and ecologically sensitive products; my penchant for thrift stores and dislike of makeup, aren't really what she meant.
My friend Elchanan brought to my attention an excellent article by Evelyn Gordon on the cost of missing military opportunities, and the lessons that should be learned by both Israel and the US (and the rest of the Western world).
Kate from Our littles sins has been writing a week in review post for a few months now. I have admired her discipline in doing them so religiously and I really enjoy reading them as our littlest bubs, both boys, are very close in age and our lives have so many similarities. She has encouraged others to join her in documenting our weeks so the days, weeks, months don't merge into mehness. I must admit that I often have no idea what I did yesterday, so this task is definitely for me. So here goes...
This is how I discovered the maa aankh, a Kamitic – Kongo inspired cosmogram based upon my ancestors’ cultural perspective, which reveals my divinity and uniqueness. Instead of making me feel inferior or culturally subservient to others.
This is a view of the large Dogwood on the other side of the back yard. The yard isn't very big so they almost meet in the middle.
Lilli- Lilli is my niece who has down syndrome. She is the most loving and excited kid ever! She always is excited to see you and is ready with a hug. Everybody loves Lilli! Whenever I see her she has the biggest smile on her face! You can't be in a bad mood around her. She is one of the oldest nieces and has been around quit a few babies. She is a very high energy child, but when she is around babies she is so gentle. She will be so still when she's holding one and she'll give them soft kisses on the head.
One of the pilgrims offered him a drink upon his arrival: “Hey Procrastinator! Want a beer?”
An American couple, now living in Dubai, takes wretched excess to new heights in their rehab of a Parisian apartment. The renovation itself looks quite tasteful; it's just that the money involved makes my head spin.
The Spanish word denoting this structure, matacán, is similarly composed from "matar canes" meaning roughly "killing dogs", the latter being a reference to infidels.
Answers will appear in my next post.
4. God Bless My Underwear - Peter Pan Singers
The Amalgamation of Northern Ireland Supporters' Clubs insists that its problem with the game is not just an expensive bus ticket; it maintains that the IFA did not listen to its advice in the run-up to the competition.
Oh~
With time running out, and no idea how to unfollow Satan, she enlists
Duration: Instantaneous
The same with THE LADY'S FATE. That title originally was FOR THE LOVE OF JANE. This did nothing exciting for the plot, or the characters because Jane is a little girl and the story revolves "around" her, but is not necessarily "about" her. Know what I mean? However, I would like to add THE LADY'S FATE is particularly ambiguous as well, but it does convey a sort of little mystery -- what is her fate?
‘I screamed, “What are you doing! These are my dogs!” Mira and Wanda could not have been more than 4ft away from me. But one of the dog-catchers said I was breaking the law: because they weren’t on a leash, they were strays, and that was that.’
Obama’s bombs because they are
from your fists. I remember these things
I’m not saying I’m better than them. I’m not even asking for a thank you. I’m just saying that welfare recipients should spend my tax dollars more wisely. I’m saying that the government needs to regulate food stamps and other forms of welfare better.
I laugh, "It is!"
Recently i heard the Australian activist john seed interviewed on the radio. He believes that he is part of an older ancestry, a joint ancestry. The Cenozoic era is our common heritage that we share with the earth as a whole living being. He asks the question, should we throw away that heritage away just so we can buy a new TV or microwave?
God knew what He was doing and Elijah trusted His working. God also knew the events that surrounded that trip toRomeand Paul trusted His working as well. It may have been adverse at the time but it was all in the hands of God.
The plus side is that they had super fresh veggies and the meat was not mystery meat like some hole in the wall places... Although, if you ask me, those place are the best!
-Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear?
Take each onion and dip in the flour, follow by dipping the same onion in the egg whites and then finally in the bread crumb mixture. Place onion rings on a baking sheet fitted with a baking rack (I actually use a cooling rack) so the onions cook evenly. Once all the onions are dipped, spray lightly with cooking spray.
"That was the way he was. Nobody could predict what he was going to be intereste in next. On the day of the bomb it was string.
Darn you, Brain.
As a Philadelphia fan its to the point where it cracks me up whenever I hear “That’s Philadelphia for you!”. It cracks me up because obviously all this stuff that happens only happens in Philly, not anywhere else. Here are some of my favorites of all time.
A research team has been searching in and around the area of Antarctica where the second stargate was discovered. When they discover a woman frozen in the ice, the SG-1 team is summoned. Originally, the woman is considered an anthropological coup, but soon realize she is alive. They thaw her out, and she quickly recovers. The women, whom we soon learn is named Ayiana, is fifty million years old. She could be either an advanced stage of human evolution or an Ancient.
Known as CLASS, the Community Living Assistance Services and Supports program was created under President Barack Obama’s health care law as a voluntary long-term care insurance program for workers. Doubts about its financial viability were raised early on and it has since languished in bureaucratic limbo, with Republicans in Congress pushing for repeal or defunding.
Good grief, Dome, it's not 1996 anymore. Phoning somewhere to buy tickets is so insanely backwards. I wanna buy them online damn it. Sort your crappy system out.
Painful. Frightening. Enormous in scope. And yet must be dealt with. Or simply accepted. Which is it to be, folks?
Here comes that posh David Cameron!
Devon Tread 1 Watch Review: "While the Tread 1 is large, Devon did a good job with the design to ensure wearing comfort. The case is 53.3mm wide by 47mm tall and 19mm thick. I have small wrists, so the watch will likely not look at large on your arm."
JDTVN Blog (jdtvnblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
6. "You're the black Audrey Hepburn." (Don't tell a women she's the black version of a particular white woman. Men do not say to a white woman, "You're the white Condoleezza Rice.")
I made what Seymour calls a Zen Out. In his post he comes with suggestions for how to use mistakes as a departure point for creativity. He talks about various approaches: Get Socratic, Get Freudian, Get Existential and Zen Out. As to the latter Seymour Jacklin writes: «Walk away from it for a while and settle your mind on something else. You may have made a “mistake” because you were trying too hard or wanting it too much. If you take a break and look away as if you do not care quite so much, you give your mind a chance to engage the subconscious». How appropriate for my case. For other suggestions have a look at his post.
That's right, drop cloths! You can buy them at any hardware store, even Wal-Mart. Mine are from Home Depot. Here are the kickers that make them utterly amazing:
(DG Records 1081994)
Wings; Cuthbert comes close, but for me its Bowe and North. (Ireland and Wales)
I sponged around the edges with a darker pink ink then used the large white flower shaping tool, from the Flower Tool Kit, to shape each petal. Two of the petals were glued together as shown above. The picture shows the difference in just punched petals and those that you shape.
You may want to refer to this fun little book....
Forgive me, Readers, for I have slacked. It has been two and a half months since my last post.
They are also offering $15 off your purchase with this code:
One answer would be to enforce the £5 fee. Chances are that that would reduce visitor numbers so significantly that takings would fall further. That's exactly what my reaction was when first faced with an entrance fee for a cathedral (Ely). I gave it a miss. Would have been vaguely interesting to see what lay within, but moderate curiosity is a long way from the burning desire that would persuade me to pay entrance to the National Portrait Gallery for example, to which admission is actually free.
For FOG, I put one single, and then one double base with only one figure on it. Of course you can just create fillers like I mentioned above, but the opportunity to model the skirmishing horsemen in different positions, facing the side, or slightly to the other trooper, is tempting.
We have a thing in our family that all our kiddos have a bug type nickname. When I was pregnant with our youngest I called her Lauren Ladybug. Now she is a year old and has her own fun personality. Ladybug just didn't fit her. She would bounce around on the floor and looked like a fish out of water. So we started calling her guppy. So when I was creating a plush just for her I wanted it to somewhat look like both. I thought I came up with something cute. What do you think?
One morning there was a knock on John’s door. He opened it to find a man with a carpenter’s toolbox. “I’m looking for a few days work” he said.”Perhaps you would have a few small jobs here and there I could help with? Could I help you?”Yes,” said the older brother. “I do have a job for you. Look across the creek at that farm. That’s my neighbor, in fact, it’s my younger brother.Last week there was a meadow between us and he took his bulldozer to the river levee and now there is a creek between us. Well, he may have done this to spite me, but I’ll go him one better. See that pile of lumber by the barn?I want you to build me a fence – - an 8-foot fence — so I won’t need to see his place or his face anymore.”The carpenter said, “I think I understand the situation. Show me the nails and the post hole digger and I’ll be able to do a job that pleases you.”
Like the pink I tried first, the coral creme is also a bright one. Application wise I liked the pink polish better, this one flooded my cuticles because it was very thin. First coat was very sheer and I was pretty afraid I was going to end up with visible nail lines but after applying three coats it was opaque.
I hope you had a Blessed Easter Sunday.
I gaze into my mirror,
I have been attending the Sydney meet ups organised by Steph from Bondville and Lisa from The Red Thread for the past year and it is always a treat. It's great to hear where people are at with their businesses ventures, craft and family experiences. Meeting new creatives is always inspiring and you just never know what you or they might share on the day.
The earliest recorded version of the song, by Clarence Ashley in 1933, also has a male protagonist. Georgia Turner’s version is from the female point of view. I’ve always understood her version to be about a girl who ran away with a man, a drunkard who abandoned her. She ended up as a prostitute, in a brothel called The Rising Sun. Other listeners say the woman in the song killed her lover, and that the Rising Sun is a woman’s prison. Dave van Ronk, who first used the arrangement of the song that is most familiar to us today, claimed that the gates of the old Orleans Parish Women’s Prison featured a decoration of a Rising Sun. Hence, the name.
We wait to hear from SCC after this latest Court Order, but any attempt to continue with the policy would be an affront to decency and the law. The Council has spent a fortune on these library plans for no benefit – it’s now to time to cut its losses and not waste any more taxpayers’ money on the folly.”
The following short video clip was taken by three different persons at different stages. The first part on whisking the egg mixture was done by me! Yes, I was holding the electric mixer on my right hand and taking the video with the camera on my right. Luckily, this movie maker software allows me to clip away unwanted frames! When I was folding the flour and butter, I got my younger boy to take the video. I can't use most of the video footage as half the time he was pointing the camera to the side of the mixing bowl! Fortunately, I did sense that he could be too short to get the full view of what was going on inside the mixing bowl, I tilted the bowl several times towards the camera lens. The last part on rolling up the sponge layer was taken by my elder boy. Although he took a pretty good video, I had to turned it into several photo frames instead. The reason was, my pair of hands look super super Ugly from the video!!! It was a horrendous sight! They looked worst than a pair of hands of an old granny...they were all wrinkled, rough, thick & fat, and overly tanned :'(
What is Vitiligo?
herself. It was clear from the pictures Thorn now held in her hand that the
It is this quality in Marclay’s work that places it within the great canon of art known as memento mori. Variously translated as “Remember you must die” or “Remember you will die”, the phrase refers broadly to different forms of cultural expression (paintings, sculpture, literature and even festivals, such as the Mexican Day of the Dead) that seek to remind us of our mortality. They prompt us both to take initiative and to enjoy the time we have while we’re still alive.
This is the birthday card I made for my DGS Cody who turned 9 and loves baseball!! This is pretty simple...Cosmo Cricket Lil'Man chipboard stickers are used along some Baker's Twine and baseball paper from Hobby Lobby. The sentiment is from Papertrey Ink's Birthday Basics and Cody's name is spelled out with stickers from The Girls Paperie.
Podhoretz puts his finger, I think, on the animating pulse of the Obama
Texas lost federal Medicaid funding for its Women’s Health Program after the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services said a state law prohibiting funding for clinics affiliated with an abortion provider violated a federal law that guarantees women the right to choose their health care providers.
by Debora M. Coty
Conditions can make you lust
large for their space here, but I like a full look to begin with and will thin the plants as needed.
Ray Wylie Hubbard: Red Badge Of Courage
Came back to choke and drown
So here's to 2011- new beginnings, and changes abound, and I hope each of you are blessed with a peaceful year.
Me: Oh wow, what a beautiful sunset! Do you know who made the sky look like that?
To top it all off, I’m sick. Nothing serious, just a head cold, but I’d still describe my mood as blah. I took some nighttime cold medicine last night (which I never do) and after that screeching noise started, I wondered if maybe the meds were causing hallucinations. Again, wrong. I am glad I took the pills though because otherwise I don’t know if I would have been able to get back to sleep.
Oh and I set up the "guestbook" tonight...
My choice of what constitutes this may not be yours. Bitburger German Lager may be just as industrially produced a lout as any, but in the UK it markets at a premium on the single bottles with all the other “premium” beers. This is running at 3 pint size bottles (okay half litre but I can’t be arsed quibbling) for £4, or £1.33 a pint. The same price as the cooking lager. Plenty of the premium ales are priced 3 for £4 and are in or around the 5% abv mark.
10. Northern Folk
12Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.
The second conversation was about the Army. Both Ginger and I served in the Army for a time; I actually spent almost eight years on active duty, bowing out as a Staff Sergeant. We sometimes talk about our experiences, and the boys have lately been interested in learning marching and parade commands. Kai has been playing Halo and watching some war movies of late, and he is getting curious about military ranks and structure. I should have seen this conversation coming, as we've been building up to it for a while. I'm not sure how it started, but he and I ended up spending about an hour reviewing just about everything I know about how the Army is structured and how you get into the Army. We covered organization mission, structure, and size, from fire team up to Corps; Army ranks (enlisted, warrant, and commissioned) and the time it takes to achieve them; duties and responsibiities of enlisted vs. officers; and the various ways of becoming an officer. We laid it all out on the whiteboard, and he asked detailed questions while I did my best to try to hide my distaste for the conversation. Having served in the Army, I see both its good points and its bad points. Frankly speaking, though, I would never want my sons or my daughter to serve, because ultimately they could wind up getting hurt in a variety of physical and emotional ways. I no longer see the glory in it, if that was ever there, but see a lot of hard work, danger, and heartache - all things that I don't wish for my children. But here was Kai, talking about joining the Army and working hard to get ready to join when the time comes. I was surprised, and somewhat freaked out. Here was someone I love embracing something I hate . . . and that hurt. What did that mean for me?
"This grant is aimed at assisting Zimbabwe in some of the critical sectors that require assistance," explained Nstuluba, adding that a report indicates that the money was used towards the improvement of the lives of ordinary Zimbabweans.
Dry The Rain
The Lord has truly been moving in my heart, forcing me to bend a little further and stretch a little more than I could have ever imagined. Currently, He is stretching me on grief. It’s a tough one too. It’s easy to say that we know and understand that our children will grieve one day, but it’s another to walk that road with them. I am not completely naive to the fact of how difficult things could be, but the reality of it is that until we walk that road, we wont really know.
KUALA LUMPUR: If all enforcement agencies donned the dark blue uniform used by the police, it would lead to much misunderstanding and mistaken identities.
preschool has started.
“Bah! It’s true, and you and I knew it! I just didn’t say it! I remember the day! It was December 15th, 1978. I had gone a couple dates with her and it was the Christmas Party at the firm. It was our first year there, all three of us, you, me, and her.”
Who is speaking here? The LORD, King of Israel, the LORD of hosts.
They dealt with the Norwegians and tying it into Carpenter’s The Thing as an afterthought; the scenes that tie them together are cut into the credits, accompanied by the only instance of Ennio Morricone’s brilliant theme (Marco Beltrami scored The New Thing and while I liked his work on Scream, his style is way too bombastic and in your face.)
Back in the house I was ruthless with the big cushion he slept on the hall landing. And toys he had buried under it. He was a collie, a working dog, he was neat. He kept his toys buried or hidden or lined up ready for use. It's all in the bin. Can't face the prolonged goodbye of recycling.
“Well, we’ve had a case of security guards being help up at gunpoint in the mall before,” he replied.
“Tom Sawyer?” asked Ted.
(With No Food) Thank You,
Pour the batter over the base in the springform pan. Gently sprinkle the walnut pieces over the batter.
my cigarettes are burning my eyes.
(check your own book).
Now we’re starting to get a new idea of the creatures. They go to the worst warzones on earth. They identify and track down the worst killers in the area, defeat them effortlessly and then leave their mutilated bodies around – as a warning to others.
As I sat in the synagogue, listening to my youngest niece singing – beautifully – her allotted portion of the Torah, and trying not to cry, as I wasn’t sure my mascara was waterproof, I felt an overwhelming sense of belonging. I’m not religious – AT ALL – so at first, I wasn’t sure exactly what I was feeling. But as I looked around me, at the packed synagogue, at the family members greeting each other as they came in, at the strangers turning to face those who had recently lost loved ones during the Kaddish, at the children plaiting the tassles on their father’s tallis, I realised what it was about – what it was all about.
I could have
18) Any final words, “shout-outs”, thanks, etc? I want to ride with Garrett Reynolds… A street session to accomplish my destiny… For real!!! As for thanks… I’d like to thank you!!!
When writing about this subject, I can’t help but think back to the Fort Hood tragedy of 2009. This was when 13 people were killed during a shooting rampage at the Fort Hood Army base in Killeen, Texas. U.S. Army Major Nidal Malik Hasan was charged with the shootings and has yet to go on trial for the murders. After the Fort Hood murders, it was mentioned that PTSD may have contributed to Hasan’s actions. I have no idea what his alleged motivations were, but I do know that PTSD does not a murderer make. However, there is still the unfair, underlying public perception that military=PTSD= violent behavior.
This becomes more forgivable upon actually reading the book, however. Hitchcock was so thoroughly faithful to the Bloch novel--with pretty much all characters and plot points accounted for and only a few nominal changes made for cinematic presence--that the book could just as easily have been a novelization of the film. This works both as a pro and a con.
You know in the end the day you left was just my beginning
Last year, I made some Butter Pecan Fudge that was *fabulous*. I had hoped to share it with you here, but it was gone before I could snap a photo. This year, I have managed to save a piece, and even though most of us are groaning that we can't handle another sugar cookie, peppermint stick, or chocolate covered peanut, you really should find an excuse to make a pan of this. I know it is December 26, but who says that the sugar high must end?
If I mock a celebrity like Peter Andre, it is because I believe that celebrities slight people without even realising it. To promise, as he recently did, to follow 10 people a day is, in my view, scornful of his relationship with his fanbase. Even if he does Twitter (and doesn’t simply employ a clever publicist), then following 10 people a day is still a ridiculously insignificant number. It would take 10 to 15 seconds out of his day and 63 years to follow all his current followers. Of course, I wouldn’t expect him to follow 100,000+ people, but he could put enough time into his account to show that there’s real investment into the work of connecting with his fans. Stephen Fry managed to follow 54,000 people before it became impossible to keep up but at least he has set the standard by which any other celebrity is judged.
Perhaps my parents legacy is best expressed as a playful Chinese proverb they sent out as a Christmas card many years ago, along with this wonderful photo of them in their ocean-side garden in Tsawwassen:
Small confession…the theme of my Bat-Mitzvah was Cinderella.
We traveled for most of the day on Friday. We decided that on our journey, we would make little touristy stops on the way just for giggles. The first stop we made was in Savannah, Ga. We stopped in to see the city and found a delightful street fair type of event happening for St. Patrick’s Day. It was fun and interesting to see something different. The main reason for our visit though was to stop for dinner at Lady & Sons restaurant. This name should ring a few bells for people because it’s the restaurant owned by Ms. Paula Deen. The food was really great. I had the best mac & cheese that I have ever had in my life. It was probably my favorite. We had other southern veggies and what not. I also had banana cream pie for desert. That is one of my favorites so I was in heaven.
While Samantha says she has struggled to make female friends because women are jealous of her beauty, I think the opposite is true for me. The fact I’m no threat in the looks league means I’ve always had lots of pals.
The following excerpts are from a sermon given by leading Sunni scholar Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on May 14, 2010.
Bring above ingredients to boil in large stainless pot. Rinse vegetables and using hands squeeze dry in colander. Add drained vegetables to boiling vinegar mixture and return to a boil.
Perfection looks like bundle after bundle of fresh asparagus. It looks like baskets of fern fronds and bushels of arugula. Perfection is the realization that we are entering the time of year when eating local produce is easy. SO. MANY. VEGETABLES.
Hachi: You better enjoy that beer though because some kids in India are sober.
BF: Yes! I mean, look at the statistics. They’re all there. It’s all in the public record.
Stenciling storage boxes
So, guess what- this is breastfeeding related after all!
I did this so that the stain wouldn't seep under the taped areas.
These cats are the opposite of each other, but we love them most dearly. Well I must go get more food for Pia.
This is the third year in a row I've had most of my students, so I had to come up with something different this year for Mother's Day...two years ago we made picture frames, last year we made flower pots and planted daisies, and this year we made (are still making...it kind of snuck up on me this year!) little trinket boxes.
Who can catch pox from toilet seats:
There is a new horse at the barn I volunteer at. It’s a boarding stable, so we constantly get new horses in and old ones out. Anyways, the horse’s name is Jack (increasing the current number of geldings named Jack to three. Oh no) and he’s a Gypsy Vanner. I drooled when I first saw him. You see, if I weren’t a poor teenager, I would own a Gypsy. Hands down. They are absolutely stunning. I looked up Jack online. He is worth $10 000. So you can see why I don’t have a Gypsy. An untrained, young Gypsy Vanner can still be sold for around $7,000. Yikes. But that doesn’t stop me from wanting one. Although, I would probably name a Gypsy Vanner ‘Gypsy’, so maybe the universe is preventing me from having one because of the pathetically ironic name choice. Who knows. Anyways, here are some pictures of the big (little) man, who will be three in June.
It was great to have guest vocalists Becky Stark and Shara Worden reprising their roles on the album as well as adding some instrumentation. That was the best thing about the show, the varied instrumentation and particularly the pounding version of "The Rake's Song" where five people banged away on drums. Maybe it will take a few listens to the record to engage properly with the material.
Tim Holtz Ideaology regal mini mask
Her: You mean really sick, like throwing up and everything?
This in-depth film provides an intimate view of Celibidache’s
Celaena finds her training sessions with the captain of the guard, Westfall, challenging and exhilirating. But she's bored stiff by court life. Things get a little more interesting when the prince starts to show interest in her... but it's the gruff Captain Westfall who seems to understand her best.
Jack’s bloody outfit from the final scene: $10,000
Ok, maybe your socks are the second most important thing, but they're pretty darn important! But the patient horse is a must. Trust me on this one.
Happily, though, this turned out to be something gentler, perhaps even an occasion infused – whisper it – with a gleam of orderly optimism. Albeit as Hodgson emerged into Wembley’s faux-walnut media theatre flanked by four sombre-suited FA bigwigs it was hard to avoid, briefly, the impression of a nice, elderly man about to be sat down and very apologetical ly executed. And so, wincingly, penitently, the FA chairman David Bernstein set about his task of apologising for Roy. “I want to make it quite clear that we were unanimous in appointing Roy,” Bernstein admitted. “It is a hugely exciting time,” he insisted as everybody nodded solemnly. And finally it was time for Roy himself, looking soft and pleasantly pouchy in his slim-fit suit, like a very wise koala bear cast in an episode of the Sweeney, and talking straight away about the need for hard work and – of all things – “research”.
3) Pour flour onto another plate for dipping.
*all above information provided by Rising Tide via email & Facebook.
made up to 30 days in advance to the day, and I have yet to get a reservation that suits my schedule! Things were of course a little different when I lived in NY but being there for a visit makes things a little hectic. With Babbo out of the question, I managed to get the next best thing - or, as it turned out to be, one of the best restaurants
We had out first frost last week and more are expected in the coming days so it was time to pull up all the remaining carrots, mostly small but hopefully still tasty. I also pulled the first of many celeriac and we enjoyed eating it alongside some stored potatoes. Annoyingly I haven't managed to get all the potatoes up yet but a wet weekend isn't the right time to try and do this so I'll have to wait for drier conditions.
Charges
I hope you enjoy this little card. I think I'll have a couple of new projects for you in the next week.
We also shared the Chicken Lettuce Wraps for $9.99. They were good. Nothing I would dream about but good.
This was an attempt to extort money, through terror, from the Japanese.
Scheffer IE, Baraitser M, Brett EM. Severe microcephaly associated with congenital varicella infection. Dev Med Child Neurol 1991; 33: 916-920.
She upholds the thrones of kings, and preserves them unshakeable to the ages.
I saw this questionnaire on a friend's blog and thought that it would be a fun post for today! Especially since I was racking my brain trying to think of something to blog about. Enjoy!
“No one is born fabulous,” author Ellen Lubin-Sherman writes. “You have to decide to do it—to transform yourself into one of those amazing creatures that infiltrate our lives and ignite our dreams with their swagger, energy, pizzazz, and soigné charm.” The Essentials of Fabulous guides you to set yourself apart in this “whatever” world by paying scrupulous attention to detail. It shows you how passion, enthusiasm, attitude, superior manners, and a terrific personal style will catapult you right into the fabulous pantheon.
Russell
Yeah--if you can't tell, that's a furry lion. He likes the feel of the soft fur and he wants to feel it on his face....so he opens the book up to that page, lays it on the ground, and then lays his head/cheek on the book. Sometime for just a couple of seconds. Other times....five to ten minutes or so....HA! Silly boy. Check him out in the first picture--he's sucking his fingers and settled in for a good cuddle with that lion!
The jury found that Weinzettel did not use excessive force.
but I've got to tell you, I was there, and it wasn't pretty!
Carl Asaro, 39, Middletown, N.Y.
He told ITV News that local Conservative candidates would “look after your area” and “provide value for money” as opposed to the national ones who don’t give a f**k.
The Heir has been trying to find out what the procedure is for students like herself, and the university is being less than helpful. Her advisor won't answer her emails. The deans are playing pass-the-buck. And Heir is trying, really trying to pass Neuroscience, a discipline she knew nothing about before taking it.
My fourth image in my “World As I See It” photo series gives you a glimpse into what kitties see during a very intimate moment. I knew this particular image could be considered somewhat controversial, so I intentionally waited for just the right moment to take it. I hope you will enjoy this rare look at the world from a unique kitty perspective.
After all, Christ willingly chose to submit to His father’s will and gave up His power during His time on earth. It’s not that He lacked power or authority, He simply chose not to use it in order to serve a much greater purpose.
I would not appreciate anybody’s character here. Raghav’s character is good, but could have been portrayed better. Gopal is shown better with his corrupt mindset. Aarti, well, no comments.
Honest, we are driving down the highway and smack in the middle of the desert is a rowboat just sitting there; waiting. Waiting for: Got Water? Waiting for the End Time or is it a left-over warning from Noah with a sign attached: Get it while you can; Flood coming! Truly I don’t make these things up! That single rowboat was perched in the middle of desert brush, cactus and yucca plants.
This is what mine looks like so far
Clooney is launching an “anti-genocide paparazzi” service. Using commercial satellites in low-earth orbit, Clooney’s project will monitor the border between northern and southern Sudan for any signs of impending civil war, mass atrocities, or genocide. You know, the usual. Compared to what photos of a Miley Cyrus nipple slip will cost you, atrocity porn is downright cheap at $70,000 per shot.
double postage stamp frame
I want to enter this card to these challenges:
Macdonald, Ross. “The Writer as Detective Hero.” In Crime Writing. Santa Barbara, CA: Capra Press, 1973, 9-24.
Walter hits me back with a if/then of his own, “if you leave then I’ll get into bed.” He said it in such a smart ass tone it was all I could do not laugh. Instead I said, “Deal. I love you, I will see you tomorrow. If you change your mind gimme a holler and I’ll come cuddle.”
Jesus often silenced this critics with one simple question which exsposed their own hearts.
Mom sacrificed so much for me. So much. First of all, she didn’t care about her appearances at all during and after pregnancy just so that I can be healthy. She gave up her career just so that she can stay home and look after me. She suffered intense labour pain during birth. She lost sleep when I was a crybaby. She went through all the books so that she could teach me how to become a better human. She spent late nights teaching me during my elementary years. She did so much for me. More so than I can imagine.
JUNE
Fish, rice and veggies. I’d love to tell you all kinds of wonderful things about fish and omegas and proteins and stuff. But I can not. I am not a dietician. What I do know is that per 100g there is usually less than 100 calories in fish. If you make 1 cup of minute rice (dry) and eat the whole thing that is about 300 calories and veggies while filling and healthy have very few calories, especially carrots it seems. Oddly enough there is milk in the picture, I usually have Coke Zero. On the plate there is maybe 400 Calories.
"Nice one, a writer and a gardener eh? Maybe you could write about gardening as well and call it a gardeners life in motion or something?"
Ron Paul is staying in the race and threatening not to support Romney. Wo! That’s a game changer. I foresee Romney losing eleven votes now.
All we did to make this was grabbing an old sturdy bag (mine happened to be a huge one I had from a previous bookstore shopping experience) and started filling it up! However, now that we have this, its filling up pretty quickly so I may have to upgrade to a bigger bag!
Kahr Real Estate summarized the findings of the Feasibility Study by stating,
“Yeah but it could be an important tweet!”
As Donald O'Finn said before the closing of the old Freddy's, "Freddy's is not an address, it is an idea." And it was my impression on Saturday that the new Freddy's has every intention in continuing to present that idea with free live music and events every night of the week in the same uniquely open and collective manner as the old Freddys. Ideas were being thrown around about how to eradicate the quite hideous metalesque Ellis exterior, where to put the stage and where to have art exhibits. Hopefully the next steps will go quickly as the new owners are antsy to open up and get back behind the bar A.S.A.P!
If you wish to give this cat or any cats or dogs a loving home, please contact us at:
We all had a lovely morning with my Dad, my brother Uncle Dave, my Aunty Helman and my cousins Olivia and Gus. We loved having Pop on the table with us, Dad thought we could have brought his ashes out for a day trip! We missed Nan this year too as she is away doing some doggie sitting for my Aunty. Having us around usually keeps her busy even when she sits in her chair and looks to the RAAF and Australian Flags flying from her porch. No doubt Pop and all his Lancaster mates and mates from the North Ryde RSL aren't far from her mind today, or ever.
77. I also found out that I am the youngest Veteran's wife to ever walk the face of this Earth! Well, at least I felt that way when I was around all those other people. (At least there is someplace that still makes me feel young!) hehe.....
Oh, SOS, What should a large family do for a reunion when some siblings have $$$ and other siblings owe $$?
As Nana was getting her hair washed, Kerri decided to talk to the staff. One of them asked if Nana was my daughter, and I pointed to Kerri. I think she was a bit confused, but she never asked. And then Kerri won them over with her personality. She shared all she was learning at school, giving the girls her version of a Catholic sex-ed class. It was pretty funny. And then she decided she wanted to sweep up Nana's cut hair, which got her a job offer.
With an opening paragraph like that, how could I not go on to read the whole thing? That’s from an opinion piece (“A Bumping Boxcar Language”) in the June/July issue of First Things. I’d provide a link if it weren’t for the subscription firewall.
May 03 1:23 AM
Mariani Dried Fruit $1/2
(2) Flip Me Over
This is a reminder that the Local Scholarship applications are due today at 2:30 in the Student Services Office.
During the hearing, Paul suggested that the New York Fed has 5% of the U.S. gold reserves, with the ability to sell or swap gold with other countries secretly. (On that day, as the economic world took a plunge into the depths of despair, the gold price slipped $31. The polite way to describe this is ‘counter-intuitive’). The U.S. Mint insists that moving, counting and testing the gold would cost around $60 million. But I understand Paul has been told by the Fed Treasury that it would only cost $15 million. (The US Mint made $400 billion last year. That’s more than the Gold reserves!)
We stopped counting weeks ago at 120 hours on the ladder.
How to Submit Your Poem
I created a grid-like pattern of a several different papers, including some of the cardstock included in the collections. Sometimes a simpler layout in different sized squares creates a bigger impact. It's my go to layout whenever I'm stuck or just want to use some interesting patterns together. Whenever you have a pattern that you're not particularly sure how or where to use just choose some contrasting patterns and colors. They all work together most of the time and they will make your layout just a little more interesting!
"And I will change whatever I, whatever I, whatever I can. . ."
A spring flavor has been released into the air
That faint sound,
just a virus, a girl. The robot keeps a photo
(I'd also add coconut and/or chopped walnuts next time.)
