It was a rough start with overly long sentences and the overly descriptive beginning. As soon as the mechanics and plots of Heaven and Hell kicked in I was hooked. Heaven and Hell both want Abby. The mystery is whether they want her dead or alive. Lucifer is the King of Hell and Satan is actually his diabolical wife. The two scheming and plotting was first rate—no poor plot here. Not only did I love the idea of Lucifer and Satan being separate beings, I loved that even Angels might not be all good. This book is witty, dark, slick and sexy—the perfect combination.
When I'm editing, I listen to trance. The beat keeps me motivated and gives me emotion to put into my scenes. This song came on and I'd heard it before, but I just about fell over when I really listened to the lyrics. It perfectly describes Everblue.
Materials : Quality Stretchy Cotton & Mesh Lace
Even though him and Gibbsy where put in a trance by that baldy’s magic trick, Miquel has told AW the Alchemist that he wants “another chance”.
Below is a lengthy comment from reader Joseph Syme which I felt deserved its own post, and my thanks go to Mr Syme for his detailed views, and my further comments in response which are in italics.
He did a full lap
3. Bodhisattva
I know this might seem like the same old- a girl freaking out about touching a boy, oohaah. But actually, this girl happens to be a ghost. Just sayin'.
Contestant: Lepers.
On issue after issue, his ‘silence’ is becomming deafening.
Pelargonium x domesticum Graziosa ‘Royal Lavender’ – This Regal geranium features lavender-pink petals centered with a deep plum eye surrounded by bright fuchsia – nicely contrasted by mid-green serrated foliage. They like cooler summers and prefer not to have their foliage too wet, also when over-watered they get root rot. Grows 15-18″ high. Tender Annual.
He’s been producing garbage for more than 40 years, but nothing quite as awful as this. Today, ladies and gentlemen, for your enjoyment the World’s Worst Records presents Paul McCartney dragging down the career of another one-time great with the nadir of his solo work, Ebony and Ivory.
The primary cyber-bullying location where victimizing occurs, at 56%, is in chat rooms.
“Hey, I’m just reacting based on my professional instincts. Can’t help it. I apologize, really… facts and what I can actually see are the very foundation of my being. I’ve worked hard to be given a chance to be a hunter; your image is fine. I like blue mists… they’re… just fine.”
The Blackberry Bold's 624-MHz StrongARM processor with full MMX (multimedia extensions) is the most powerful CPU on a handheld and can handle full-motion video on its 480-by-320-pixel, 65,000-plus-color display for a smooth and crisp picture. With its 1GB of on-board secure memory (on top of its 128MB of flash) it offers attractive storage for personal and business data that you'd rather not store on an SD card. It also features a 2-megapixel camera capable of up to 5X digital zoom.
Part six
Pour into glasses, garnish with more lemon and mint.
But here's the kicker. She can make the sounds. She says "ma" often in her babble but when asked to say "mama" she blows a kiss and when asked what sound a cow makes, she gives a glottal roar....the same for every other animal.
It was a good trip, even if the traveling bit coming home was stressful as hell. We were all really tired! But it's always nice seeing other unschoolers. There weren't all that many people my age, and out of the few that were there many seemed rather cliquey, but I still met some really cool people. There's this guy, Eli Gerzon, who's doing world travel tours for unschoolers. Emi was originally interested in the Japan tour, but since she always envisioned going to Japan in a few years, she's not sure if she wants to go as soon as November. Either way, Eli was a very interesting person to talk to, and I look forward with interest to any future trips he plans.
As my daughter will discover on Sunday.
MH: What gets you excited about a new submission?
how about you? Those of you who have made it into the land of unicorns and babies, does this feel real to you? if not, how do you feel about that?
The historian’s traditional method for doing this is to speculate on the most likely scenario by combining the information from this specific case with the wider historical knowledge and evidence existing on prostitutes as a group.
#2: Put yourself on the gentle cycle.
I was driving a 1974 AMC Javelin, dark green with primer on the rear 1/4's, a white roof and yellow doors. I believe it was the only car ever to match that description. Yet I didn't get a ticket.
Prisma red shallot (July-August?)
It's been a long time since I was able to cultivate you. I'm so glad it's time again. We are going to have an epic growing season, I promise.
So, like I said, it's probably a "well duh" moment, but for me, it's working and it's a change that'll help me save probably about $200 a month! And in a time when I'm on unpaid maternity leave, every $200 counts!
Most of Lee’s references are easy to recognize – you have Malevich’s Black Square painted on tambourines, you have an early Brice Marden panel painting made of grey and black beach towels, there’s a Fred Sandback made from a clothing seam sagging in one corner, and then there are the light bulbs – a material that in Lee’s context recalls both Johns’ lead sculptures as well as Dan Flavin’s early work (so visible in the recent retrospective). Basically with Lee, you find references to work made by men now reclaimed and remade by another man who is perhaps more attuned to the masculine stereotypes that can be implicit in that history. In other words, Lee is more inclusive about what the history of those robust masculine artists can allow.
Question time for my regular readers;
If you ar eon Twitter please follow us @sfts1
Just before the incident we read a story about Abraham talking with the two angels before they reach Sodom. Their intentions are to destroy the city, and Abraham pleads with them to spare the city if even 10 righteous people can be found. Now remember righteousness comes by faith, not by works, so when we are speaking about “righteous” people in the Bible, we are always talking about believers in the one, true, living God. Sodom did not even have 10 people who had faith in God.
I really hope you enjoyed looking at the cake as much as I enjoyed baking and decorating it. I just love such days. It gets the best out of me. Once again...oh how I love saying this...I'm not a Wilton product :-)
Time spent, now representing a collection of moments that at once were both exhilarating and anti-climactic.
how to do it
So that is our education, probably for the week. Discussions about appropriateness of purple and frill when Welsh dowagers will expect black and scowl.
The Protection of Information Bill, as the legislation is called, must still clear a national council of provinces before it takes effect. Critics have said they will challenge it in South Africa’s constitutional court.
But those who are to the realm born? That’s different.
I still need to post my slice--wait! Finally--something I can cross of this growing list!
It was a duel of lust and love. She was all love, he was all lust.
I wish everyone a blessed and wonderful Mother's day.
There are a lot of thing I should have been doing this week. Time to do them.
The movie SUPER 8 has superb dialogue, especially between the kids. It’s realistic and revealing. Here is a scene at the beginning of the movie at a wake. A short conversation between two adults looking out of the window at teen boy on a swing in the snow tells us it’s the boy’s mother who died. His friends are gathered around the food table.
black card
c. Develop Inner security.
Driving off to lunch… See a Beware Skippy the Kangaroo sign, a leaping black QANTAS logo on a yellow diamond, no bullet holes. Smile.
Should have turned sideways
The sand coloured whippet knew that his superior speed had to help out his Mod buddies! For now at least! The whippet charged towards the rockers, his body bent over and his initial charge full of power set on near maximum!*
Just think, she did this before women even had the right to vote!
Well, it only took about two weeks and a thousand pages of reading, but I’ve finally finished the second book in George R.R. Martin’s epic fantasy series, A Song of Ice and Fire, 1998′s A Clash of Kings. With a story that spanned continents, encompassed hundreds of named and important characters, and featured more scheming, plotting, and battling than the War of the Roses (which I feel is a major influence on the novel), A Clash of Kings served up a sequel to A Game of Thrones that was as necessarily epic as one would expect. While I may not place this one in the same deified spot as the original book, it still proved addicting enough to keep me coming back from more, staying up til 7 in the morning reading cause I couldn’t put it down, and insatiably hungry to jump into book number 3, A Storm of Swords.
Tip: When cooking or boiling the cream it has to be in room temperature.
Keep those links coming! We all love to see what you are creating!
Finally, we come to the District of Columbia, which is easy. The District does not legislatively limit jury awards, trusting its citizens to set the amount (with oversight by the trial judge), as enshrined in our Constitution. Thus, in D.C., Dad recovers his full $3.5 million loss for the medical malpractice injury.
2)SLAPPING CLARK GABLE. perhaps not good. I don't know. A compulsion. Can one exhume the girl? Completely? I wonder if I will write the girl continually, like hag-Duras in The Lover, and conjure her up, and conjure me up, will I ever feel at rest or at peace. Or perhaps: I will always be a girl, which is to be always in flux, the reclaiming of D&G's becoming-woman that uses all masculine archetypes. This was the subject, partially, of the Facebook discourse earlier today. Anyway: on: feminism and sex. On messy feminisms. On girlhood, which is being messy, and desire, which is always messy. The first piece for n+1 (if I can manage) due Labor Day - memoir+criticism+reportage? - on: Lena Dunham's Girls, and maybe Francesca Woodman, and maybe M.C., and maybe a subject of boundaries. But I think lately watching Girls using a good pal's HBO Go subscription, that I'm interested/obsessed with ideas of authenticity and this experience, and is that the search, authenticity. Versus what - a melodrama? Isn't being a girl melodramatic? Or: the other side of fakery: commodification. Am I making sense here? Also, as Kate Durbin said today on Facebook, horror is the perfect genre to consider the girl. Yes:and perhaps my issue with GIRLS: the TV show: it is sitcom when it also reads so queasy horror. I don't know. The second essay of this for Frequencies, due early fall? on Acker and the archive at Duke, but really: about how Acker subverts and complicates the idea of the Kunstlerroman, which maybe also segues with Lena Dunham's Girls, and MAYBE I CANNOT FOR THE LIFE OF ME WRITE ANYTHING DISCREETLY OR DISCRETELY. I don't know. Also: writing of Lispector, maybe. Thinking today of Macabea as a queasy, grotesque, girl in the woods. Mostly film + TV I think. The psychosis of ABC Family, Last Tango in Paris, Deneuve in Repulsion, idk. Tumblr. Gone with the Wind, obviously.
Paper: DCVW Butterflies & Spring '09 stacks
as always i appreciate your visit!!
Workers Revolutionary Party (EEK Trokskyists), Sabetai Matsas
Game:25
Evan Hughes, author of Literary Brooklyn: The Writers of Brooklyn and the Story of American City Life, will be speaking at the Brooklyn Public Library's main branch at Grand Army Plaza on Weds., Dec. 14 at 7 p.m. Doors open at 6:30 p.m. The event is free, but limited to 40 people.
Vices? Nope.
Do YOU think Macaulay looks a little too thin??
Well, I got it and now I am happy. There's like a million different ways to set it up! And now I can lay baby down and not have to worry about it rolling off. Is it wrong to call baby an it?
For my project I did a layout of our pics from Mexico, my husband and I got married on the beach in Manzanillo, Mexico and then honeymoon by traveling around central Mexico, it was a great trip and my very first time in Mexico city.
Here now are the Top Ten Excuses explaining why the team had a dismal season; according to some of the team’s personnel…
hotel window, looking over Lake Zurich.
I think it was that moment that I knew we would survive.
This year, I have new resolutions. Again, no food, dieting, or working out is involved (not that those areas of my life don't need a little help now and then). Oddly enough, I found my inspiration imprinted on some of my holiday gift wrap. LIVE JOYFULLY; GIVE GENEROUSLY; BELIEVE COMPLETELY; CELEBRATE LOVINGLY Good, huh? Aspirations that, hopefully, will make me a better person. I have no doubts that this will be harder than conquering clutter. I will need to be aware of myself and the effect of my actions on others. There will probably be times that I would rather clean the inside of a closet than clean the inside of my soul. Still, I am going to give it a go. What's the worst that can happen? I will be bad and know it? Isn't being aware still better than just being bad? ...am I talking in circles and being crazy? Probably. I still hope to live, give, believe, and celebrate to the best of my abilities in 2009.
I loved working on these. Something very freeing in the whimsical style and bold detail. I painted them a bit differently than I'd normally paint minis, since these are toy bears and I wanted them to stay looking like toy bears. So bold, bright colors, very simple NMM (non-metal metal) painting of any metal parts (since they have wooden swords painted to look like swords). I love details like the cork-pop guns, and how the captain's peg leg is fake: he has his legbent behind him, resting his knee on a stick to make it look like a peg leg. This was a pain and a half to photo though. I'd have done it a bit differently if I were to do it over, I learned a lot and got some ideas for scenic picture settings, so looking forward to next year's LPL!
Jude is amazed at this an that he will be kept till glory, but how are you going to measure this so that you can join him in that amazement?
Okay, if that’s true, then I want to go back to the original version I had in mind for my avatar. Me in a jumpsuit. There’s just something about the idea that I like.”
Chocolate Cupcakes (makes 12 muffin-size or 24 fairy-size)
Someone presented the question to me last night "Is Bute the best at 168?" I thought it through before answering and even more than ever, I realized how deep the 168 division is. When you look at the 168 division, you have not only a deep divison but also a very young division. You have Andre Ward(26), Andre Dirrell(26), Edison Miranda(29), Lucian Bute(30), Allan Green(30), Arthur Abraham(30), and then you also have a ton of prime fighters over the age of 30, such as, Sakio Bika(31), Carl Froch(32), Mikkell Kessler(31), Librado Andrade(31), Jermain Taylor(31, maybe not a prime fighter), it now appears that Kelly Pavlik(28) maybe moving up to 168, and there's a good chance that Chad Dawson may fight at 168 because there isn't much competition at 174. Then there is always Anthony Mundine, the elusive Australian who fights at 160 and 168(but refuses to fight in the US), and Jean Pascal who may go back and forth from 168 to 174. And although he hasn't looked too good lately, Bernard Hopkins is still a possibility at 168. When you look at these big names, you realize this is the deepest division. Many people believe that Welterweight is the deepest division, but when you compare the fighters...Super Middleweight takes the crown.
A cool breeze blowing through the leaves hearing natures beautiful sounds
The words were spoken as if there was no book,
Some time after this, Kate suffered a stroke. She has documented her recovery on her blog and it is another layer of credit to her character and personality how she has willed herself back to full health and fitness.
This post is long overdue! Way back in June, we went on a family camping trip with my friend Reggie and her friend Showshan. I wanted to make something for dessert, and since s'mores are the ultimate camping dessert, I made s'mores cupcakes! I've actually wanted to make these cupcakes for some time now, after seeing these s'mores cupcakes from Xiaolu at 6 Bittersweets. But I never had an occasion until now.
We pray for children who bring us sticky kisses and fistfuls of dandelions, who hug us in a hurry and forget their lunch money.
After an hour, the sky turned a brilliant orange. Mammatus clouds hung like clusters of some bizarre orange fruit. Soon after, enough of the clouds evaporated to allow the setting sun to shine under the thinning deck. A low rainbow appeared in the east and it was completely clear around the horizon. Distant objects were distinct in the rain cleared air.
4.Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and pour the blended ingredients into the well. Mix until well combined.
OMG OMG OMG, I cannot freaking wait until tonight!!!!!! For those of you that read the book, I'm sure you remember that Katniss's nails were painted with flames on them. So here is my tribute to her for tonight! Oh and since I am no good with nail art brushes I grabbed my tool, tape :)
Perhaps I can sway some votes this week from the foodie crowd? Feel free to click and read some of the other talented participants. Finally vote on Thursday for your favorites!
Instead of north
I miss you all and I miss this blog. I also miss keeping up with everyone else's blog. I should have some time this afternoon, until my laptop battery drains. Thanks to each of you for your love and prayers.
However, the one thing that does make a huge impact on how I feel is to have something fried or processed. None of that for me any more. It bloats me .... makes me retain fluids .... gives me gas (pardon me) ..... and just generally makes me feel like crap.
Partway through Monday, I decided I should go with all-black ensembles for the entire week, embracing the ephemeral grief and making a wardrobe theme week of it, thereby making the best of the crummy situation by using it as Circle of Clothes fodder. There is something about mourning garb that I find comforting, so it helped ease my troubled state of mind. When anyone at work made an observation about my nearly colorless wardrobe that week, I simply chalked it up to dressing for dress rehearsals. Also, I feel really confident in black.
For my body to be so completely physically satisfied
Will someone remind me why I thought I needed a Realtor? We found this development on our own...Gave up looking for a pre-owned home. All the developments are gated, so I couldn't find anything on my own. I guess I thought a Realtor here would be like the awesome one we had in SC....
Something smells about what went down in Ohio and it ought to be investigated.
first published: September 17th 1954
Rather than literally say what’s in the trailer (since I’d be doing a disservice in the process), here are some details that I’ve found, as well as my actual impressions.
When I found out in late January that the place I'd worked for 24 years was folding, I kicked it into gear on the frugality front. I've never been careless with my money, but nor have I, admittedly, been a financial micro-manager.
■ “We have also a more sure word of prophecy; whereunto ye do well that ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until the day dawn, and the day star arise in your hearts.” (2 Peter 1:19)
The men finished the day off with another world leading victory (2:59.78) as Kerron Clement (45.7), Angelo Taylor (44.6), David Neville (45.27) and Lashawn Merritt (44.26) stayed ahead of a tenacious Behamian squad of Andrea Williams (46.4), Michael Mathieu (45.3), Nathaniel McKinney (44.24), and Chris Brown (44.35) who were second in 3:00.29 gamely holding off the USA Blue team of Torrence (46.0), Everhart (44.8), Spearmon (45.50) and Williamson (44.25). Their 3:00.58 showing just how deep the US is in the quarter mile.
And yet, when it comes to their own coverage, Republicans in Congress are not only using government-sponsored health care, they are whining about having to wait for it. Well, four brave members of Congress are calling GOP leaders on their hypocrisy, demanding they practice what they preach, and calling on them to give up their government-sponsored health care: Four members — Joe Crowley (NY), Linda Sanchez (CA), Donna Edwards (MD), and Tim Ryan (OH) — are rounding up signatures for a letter to Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, and Speaker-to-be John Boehner, encouraging them to press their members to refuse their federal health benefits based on the same principles underlying their opposition to health care reform.
“For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband” (Rom. 7:2)
Conventionally IT managers base their energy planning on fundamentally flawed power calculations: vendor faceplate power specifications or the de-rating of these specifications. Both lead to an inaccurate energy requirements.
That last picture features a couple of Canucks from my neck of the woods in Brampton. The woman lives just a few blocks from my home! IaSWAA!
The other wedding to mention was at Coombe Abbey Hotel (a favourite venue of mine as regular readers will know). The bride and groom were Joan and Colin who had chosen a small, intimate wedding. Again, I sang during the wedding meal in the Stuart Room and the atmosphere was wonderful – warm, relaxed and very, very happy.
1. The night before, soak the beans in 6 cups of water in a large pot.
Hello readers. I am just dropping in to let you know that I'll be extending my blog break indefinitely.
Simply, Mine by Jane Carrington
Ok, so I've completely abandoned you. I'm shit. I know it. But if we're going to be friends you're just going to have to understand that from time to time, I'm going to drop you like penicillin drops the plague. It's not personal. It's the cray cray. I wonder sometimes if I did drugs, if I would be able to juggle everything better. I know that sounds counterintuitive. Not a lot of junkies out there that you think "man she has REALLY got it together!". But I just mean you, know, a little dabble to take the edge off...Go ahead, you know you are thinking it. Mother of the year.
Yet, despite all the problems we have seen in the financial crisis – there are some banks who are still doing well – co-operative banks, building societies, mutuals, credit unions. These are run for the good of their members and none have needed to be nationalised like the other high street banks. Perhaps there is a lesson for us there.
EcoTensil wants to hear from you!
"Blackjack" - 2:42
And I really love them all! Yellow Whiz is my favorite yellow and these three are incredible and seriously one coat formula's! The red Rapid Cherry is more of a jelly finish than the others, but not a true jelly either..Jelleme? Cremelly? I don't know the name but it is a perfect mix of the two!
Writers have always used pseudonyms. Jack Higgins, John le Carre, Lee Child - many of the names that crop up constantly in the bestseller list aren't the names by which these writers are known to their families.
In an alternate universe, I spent my formative years living with parents and siblings, showing up for school and getting acquainted with HBO, Michael Jackson, neon clothes and big hair. In reality, childhood and adolescence were spent begging on city streets from Zurich to Tokyo, preparing food and washing laundry for hundreds of people, and otherwise trying to survive dreary life as a worker bee child in a communal apocalyptic cult. My innocence and scholastic education stopped completely when I was twelve-years-old.
1948 Israel is a modern-day sign that God did not cast away Israel. Fake Israel? Israel it is Israel and God will use it to accomplish his purpose for them and the world. Despite the gainsayers.
3. Sugar – 6 tbsp
Hey everyone:
The US Air Force is unrivaled in air dominance. While some future adversary may be willing to challenge us in the air requiring us to maintain air-to-air combat capability, we may want to consider doing away with the Air Force as it is currently configured and reorganize it into a service that maintains dominance from space (I confess that I got this idea from author, Ben Bova, many years ago when reading one of his books). Space Force may also be the service of choice to lead cyberspace operations as it will be positioned, literally, to observe all areas of the globe in real-time. Using the latest in computer and communications technology we can reduce reaction time to any threats potentially by using cyber-capabilities to attack and disarm threat network systems and/ or navigational guidance systems of threat weapons, missiles, etc. that are targeting our assets (like bombers or cargo aircraft).
Paul, you’re reciting poetry.
So. We have had some plumbing issues as of late. As in, all the plumbing in our house is causing us twelve kinds of drama. And when I say all, I truly mean all. The kitchen sink? Yup. The indoor drain? Check. The outdoor drain? Uh huh. The toilet. But of course. The shower? Mmmm hmmm. Oh wait. The water heater, too.
Twice this year, I ventured into this strange territory. I recently finished Blog Master Tali Roland’s “The Hating Game.” Honestly, I quite liked it. The premise is that the protagonist, Matti Johns, winds up on a dating-based reality show when she finds herself in financial trouble.
High School Hockey Banquet :: bloody mary's on the deck
Blessed be.
No one would buy it.
F: That's easy, the real Fred is a pair of jeans, riding boots, and some red nail varnish to make me look a bit more chic! Every morning I pull on jeans and a jumper or t-shirt because it's the most practical way for me to dress for my busy days here, but by the evening I love to be able to dress up to go out for dinner. Sometimes I may even overdress, but that doesn't matter, it amuses my friends and there's no point in having a wardrobe full of dresses if I never use them!
When I discovered this project of Katsuhiko Maeda a few hours ago (via a 65daysofstatic thread on musicbanter), my first thought were that it was a “quirky” project with far too many sounds trying to be too complicated and do too much all at once. But I left it playing. By the time the song finished, I was hooked. I really have no idea how to define his sound. Wikipedia says
My view is that drinking, unlike smoking, is a healthy and normal activity. Smoking causes cancer. I know of no serious commentator that would argue with that fact. Whilst it remains legal, it is damaging to the health of the nation. The techniques used to reduce and eventually abolish smoking appear to be one of advertising it’s dangers, banning the advertising of the product, taxing the product at a level to discourage use and restricting the ability to smoke in public places. By denormalising smoking and making it a troublesome activity to pursue, an activity no one really in their right mind would choose to do, the intention is to effectively eliminate the habit. A goal it is impossible to argue isn’t an admirable goal. If you were to invent smoking today it would be an illegal product.
Finally, Eesha’s wedding. My sister is getting married and we all know what weddings mean:
Sigur Rós: Inni.
Being a queen is not about wealth, servants, beauty, or ordering people around.
Today is the first day of Spring!
3. The slow pace and leveled intensity might have worked with Eastern Promises where the topic matter itself was already highly intriguing and tension-filled, but here some of the dialogue centered scenes drag on and the occasional face of Keira Knightley doesn’t help the case at all.
jacob jankowski is a 23 year old vet student at cornell only days away from taking his finals and joining his father's practice. however, his parents are tragically killed in a car accident and jacob learns that his father mortgaged their home (this is right after the stock market crash) to send jacob to school and he is left with nothing. jacob is so overcome with grief, that he walks out on his exams and just starts walking- when a train comes by, he jumps it, not knowing how much his life is about to change. jacob has jumped a train belonging to the benzini brothers circus. he gets a permanent job by telling the ringmaster & animal trainer that he is a veterinarian. trouble begins to brew though when jacob falls in love with marlena- the star of the show and wife of animal trainer august. the story is told in flashbacks by jacob at the age of ninety, or ninety-three.
So "technically" mom is a housewife. But she is not "just" a housewife. Her role was integral to the family dynamic, even to their survival. It was just as important as her husbands. They needed each other AND the work of their children to make it happen, to eat, to survive the winter, to LIVE. I bet they NEVER had a conversation about how she was lazy because she stayed home with the kids.
Even better, tea from these 2 boutique estates is created using sustainable practices, and is hand crafted and not industrially processed. The tea even smells distinctively old fashioned in a wonderfully nostalgic way that instantly transported me back to my grandmother’s kitchen. I could not resist the Rare Tea company’s striking packaging with the distinctive RAF logo.
Instructions for life
The Life Path 4 suggests that you entered this plane with a natural genius for planning, fixing, building, and somehow, with practical application and cerebral excellence, making things work. You’re one of the most trustworthy, practical, and down-to-earth of individuals—the cornerstone members of society. Indeed, as a Life Path 4, you are a builder of society. The cream of the crop in this Life Path can be a master builder in society. If you’re among these highly talented people, you have an idealistic nature which is grounded in practical terms, allowing you to conceive grandiose, far-reaching schemes and carry them through to the end. If you desire and are willing to work for it, you can achieve enormous success, prestige, and fame. Obviously, everyone with a 4 Life Path doesn’t become famous.
Known for their hip music scene and trivia nights, Mucky Duck will also be hosting an ALMS themed Trivia Night for all to enjoy the thrill of competition! Not only it will be a good night for fans to gather and compete for a cool prize from the race track, there will also be a car competing in the racing series parked outside (if weather/other conditions permits). Those who wants to snag a photo with a race car, make sure you stop by~ Beer, music, food (mmm lamb burger), new friends, motorsports ~ Don’t miss out!
Zoli Téglás - Vocals
So okay, I am still determined to go to law school. But right now, it feels like I’m totally detached from my goals. Yes, that speaker who’s a Filipino writer (kudos to her for having her novel published) at our School of Humanities Minors graduation was telling the truth. Life after college will definitely be a rough time. All the decision-making, seeing all your batchmates pass, and well, basically all the pressure coming from friends, family, and even employers is too much to bear. I wake up everyday thinking to myself, “what do I really want?” In fact, I feel like this is even harder than peer pressure. Whoever said that parents and relatives should be supportive of their child, niece, or sibling’s endeavors is either blessed or nuts.
I almost forgot about these pictures!
The Corsican Brothers (Les Frères Corses, 1844)
Love With the Proper Stranger (Robert Mulligan, 1963)
Here are my photos from the last however many days of the January Photo A Day challenge. I was late one day...oh, the shame! Enjoy!
But it's a non-trivial thing. Places on your own body you probably never thought of anyone but your wife touching (and places you never expected/wanted anyone to touch) will be handled, even licked by someone else, another man. Men can (and have) been overpowered by other men and that's a real fear, too. As someone on the receiving end of sex, it's frightening to give up so much for trust. I don't regret it, but I can tell you, even with everything fitting together and hormones raging, my first experiences (yes plural) were very painful. Technique matters. Fear and anticipation matter, too. Ditto for trust.
with and was raised by his father and Deborah Read.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet under medium high heat until hot. Add bell peppers and onions. Cook until starting to soften, about 5 minutes. Add garam masala and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Season with salt, cayenne pepper, and lemon juice. Add lentil mixture and chicken stock. Bring to a slow boil and simmer for about 10 mins.
Allow us to explain (and if you know about it, feel free to skip down to the photos below; Oscar looks wicked cute). A few weeks ago, kindiependent band Recess Monkey recorded a live jam session for their new album right here in the tent. A side note: Seeing them live was like an IV drip of sugar, in music form. Between the catchy/witty songs and the astoundingly energetic musicians, it was impossible not to bounce around in the kiddie mosh pit.
But it’s the death of a marriage that was too long on the skids.
And most of all, I know God is with us. He provided everything. Big deals from ty'd old job. My mom paying for the rental truck. A place to live with half off the deposit. A view of the bay and even stairs leading up to our house (something silly that I wanted). I feel peaceful. I enjoy my job. Ty starts at Honda on Monday.
Here is a short review on the Samsung LN32B460 32 inch HDTV written by me. I bought my new HDTV a few weeks back and this is what I think of it so far.
Keeps for a week in the refrigerator.
This race was fun, but also frustrating to me. We led the entire race, made no mistakes and yet we had trouble correcting on slower boats behind. The only place that we may have given up a little time was taking down the spinnaker early at the Bolin mark. I attribute this a lot to the course that had about 1 mile of close hauled sailing and the rest reaching and running. Now if the winds had been out of the north, there would have been about 2 miles of running and reaching and 9 miles of beating. This is the second race in a row of predominately reaching. Someday maybe we will get another race with lots of beating and maybe turn the tables in our favor.
The other shindig will be later in the month, closer to CR's real birthday. This one will be about 20 people, family mostly, at my wonderful parents' house. They have space and were more than happy to host.
*a fancy word for blurry background~ the ultimate in a sneak peek
So thats for now. I will try to post again very soon, but can´t promise to do it regularly, due to exam comming up soon but I will try to post at least once a month :) I hope everyone has a great day!!!
CHAMOUX A, DENIS-PORRET M, ROUFFIAE K, BAUD O, MILLOT-THEIS B, SOUWEINE B. Impact study on an active antiflu vaccination programme on the Clermont-Ferrand teaching hospital staff. Med Mal Prof 2006; 3 6: 144-150.
Not only will our FT trainers guide your exercise to get you down 2 sizes, they have a pulled together a whole nutritional program. In fact, check out the recipes FT will have you dining and snacking on during the eight weeks.
The “twists and turns” of young Bâri′s emotionally excruciating, existentially lonely life? His ‘homecoming’ to “Uncle Fred” Newman, who craftily welcomed him into the family – only because he could serve as Fred’s perfect political pawn?
These few days' value:
I must say as I've got older I struggle to find good fiction books.
Blood on my Hands by Todd Strasser
Nirvana Rape me US
The carriage roads and the bridges that grace them are one of the many things that make Acadia unique among America’s national parks. I know I will continue to visit and enjoy the wonderful legacy of Mr. Rockefeller and his roads.
On Monday they released him from the ICU! He's still admitted in the hospital, but it sure felt good to be sent down to the 4th floor!
Too much to lose.
Insiders said that aside from some efficiencies in delivery, this portion of the pipeline won’t have much of an impact.
Dying Wish (Sentinel Wars Series #6)
What are you having for dinner tonight?
Question: How do I create best? Visual and intuitive, I need to see my supplies out in the open.
There are a lot of religious iconography in the video, as it would be expected. For starters Jesus is seen wearing a thorn crown throughout the video. Though she gives it her own twist, Gaga also wears a blue Virgin Mary cloak. Peter too is spotted in the video. Gaga is seen washing Jesus’ feet in a bathtub and the Judas betrayal kiss also gets homaged.
Well, the big week finally arrived, and it was wonderful! My sessions were packed out, and some even had about 250 people in them! It was very exciting for me to speak to and meet so many wonderful people from all over the world. I feel so blessed to have been invited to come and be a part of this amazing event! SDE had, at final count, 1,500 Kindergarten teachers in attendance. They were also running two other conferences concurrently at the same venue: their Differentiated Instruction Conference, and their Singapore Math Conference. So between all three of these events, they had a grand total of 6,000 teachers all together at the same time. This meant that the Exhibit Hall was a VERY busy place, and the Venetian and Palazzo Hotels were, too. Of course, there were all of their regular tourists and visitors in the casinos, shops, and restaurants as usual, so you can probably imagine how difficult it was to simply walk through the shopping area at lunch time!
Leo is a study in extremes: unbelievably strong mentally and physically not only as an athlete but as a survivor of repeated violent abuse, yet at the same time he is emotionally vulnerable to a staggering degree as years of beatings and verbal lashings have taught him to believe he is deserving of such cruelty. His story is not one of steady growth and improvement until we reach the end and have a happy, healthy young man where a damaged one stood before, instead he realistically struggles all the way through, making several small steps forward only to fall back several a few chapters later. Through every hard-fought battle however we cling to the hope that Ms. Lane would not be so unkind as to tear him down without building him back up, and we meet each page with a heady sense of anticipation that maybe it’s the one that finally grants us his happiness.
Ellen Ternan was eighteen years old, a struggling actress with little to call her own in the world, whereas Dickens was a mature man of forty-five, a literary giant, famed all over the world, with a wife and several children in tow when the couple were first introduced. Dickens had been collaborating on a play with his friend, the writer Wilkie Collins, and roles had been allocated to Ellen (or Nelly as she was often called) along with her two actress sisters. Despite warnings from his friends, Dickens’ pursued Ellen ardently and matters finally came to a head when – in that most well-worn of scenarios – his wife discovered some jewels that he had bought for his lover. Dickens refused to let Nelly go and went on to set his mistress up in various households in and around London – and under various assumed names. But as his reputation was based on being a devoted family man, an upholder of ‘Victorian Values’, he was eager not to admit any fault – therefore treating his wife so shamefully, and claiming the marriage’s failure was due to Catherine’s instability, when in truth he had tired of her aging charms.
The ability to make light of the harshest of realities and bring humour into the darkest of circumstances sets Dave Cousin’s writing apart. In Laurence he creates a character that is instantly identifiable with, a teenage boy struggling just to be normal, only with added cross-dressing. I think above all my favourite aspect of the book was Laurence and Jay’s relationship. I found it incredibly believable, the loyalty and love shining through at all times, even when Jay just wants to pretend to be a dog, in the way six-year-olds do.
They have all the gorgeous new Magnolia stamps and so much more.
Released in 1992, on double-LP and CD, this Italian bootleg was famously limited to 1000 copies. It is a complete concert from 1990, and features many tracks from A Gilded Eternity. The version of From Centre to Wave is a truly beautiful piece of work. Other versions are sonic landscapes, this is a battlefield.
Anti-patterns are complete opposite to patterns. Patterns, as you now know, are the examples of good programming practice. In contrast, anti-patterns are the examples of mistakes, which are made in solving different problems.
2. Full cream milk – 3 cups
Just before the holiday hub-bub set in, our first grade class was lucky enough to score a last minute invitation to visiting children's book author and illustrator David Gordon's presentation at our school.
It wasn’t until last week that I went over to Karl, to tell him I was going to kill myself.
230. Accompanying the discovery materials, Nifong served and filed with the Court written responses to the Duke Defendants' discovery requests. In these responses, Nifong stated: "The State is not aware of any additional material or information which may be exculpatory in nature with respect to the Defendant."
Overall, I enjoyed this read for the afternoon and definitely recommend it even if you’ve seen the movie!
We will be back tomorrow with a brand new challenge and some more outstanding work from our brilliant Design Team. I hope to see you then.
For your weekly Sunday Surprise I present Free Rice - an excellent and free way to practice vocabulary while donating food to people in need. It does not quite deliver what Ben Franklin meant by his aphorism ”Do well by doing good,” but if you have an SAT or ACT or GRE or other sort of standardized test coming up on which your vocabulary will be tested, it might fit the bill.
There will be more Intermediate Classes as time passes, so if you don't get in the first time, don't give up! Practice all of the blending techniques, practice smooth coloring,...just practice, practice, practice! Many of the topics covered in the class I have talked about over the years here on my blog. The difference is having the instructor right there to help you through your tough situation. Ideally, everyone would have a chance to get the one-on-one attention that will be provided in the class, but it is very hard at first.
Along with the recently released single “The Right Woman,” which was featured on Diane Von Furstenberg’s compilation Proud To Be Woman Vol. 3, Let It Go marks the first of many new tracks to come from the Toronto band as they gear up to release a new full-length. Written and produced by Dragonette, Let It Go is a club-worthy track with a fist-pumping chorus and infectious rhythm. Bridging the gap between 2009’s Fixin To Thrill and the band’s highly anticipated third studio album, Let It Go is available on iTunes, Beatport and all digital retailers. Be sure to catch Dragonette on tour this fall!
He was often around when we lived there and was always willing to lend a hand. If there was a rope to be pulled or a ladder to be held, Sam Towers would be on the end of it. More often we would bump into each other beside the village pond (pictured) and have a chinwag about life.
“Who’re these people, mama?” she asked, slowing down to stare at them. They were wearing armor and wielding various weapons; sword and shields, bows and arrows. One of them looked like a mage with a staff.
I never saw M again. We had no right to each other, no common grounds in real life, and when we parted it was a bit like she ceased to exist. I handed her the watch, squeezed her hand shut around it -- the bigger responsibility was always hers.
“My flight is here- I have to go”
I received this link today to a video piece that Met Life has done for this particular service. Check it out. And if you haven’t done it already, no matter WHAT age your child is or how much money you have in the bank, set up an appointment. Call whoever is close to you and book a time. It doesn’t cost anything but some time to sit down and learn more about what is available. You will be very glad you have experts on your side, and your family will benefit from these things being handled and settled.
This is not to say we aren’t teachable or willing to listen to constructive criticism. But there are times when naysayers and mean voices (including our own) only serve to defeat us, to battle against what God wants for our lives. Even as I write these truths, I feel an opening of freedom. Even if others don’t like me. Even if I receive mean emails. Even when I’m tired and discouraged. I can still have freedom knowing that Jesus loves me.
Today my gratitude is in the Lord alone. Oh how He lavishes me in His amazing grace. He called me out to follow His call. He loves me unconditionally…He created love.
I hope you camp and even add new kinds of mistakes can kill your enthusiasm for expanding your camping life. As the camping trailer hilo can play together in the camping trailer hilo of camping products which are great types of Coleman camping gear and children safe when we are camping out. For us, New Yorkers, camping is its always different, perhaps the camping trailer hilo and specific camping gears that can be pretty well equipped complete with an electric generator, TV, fridge and the camping trailer hilo a downright insult if RV camping with children, babies or toddlers. And yet the camping trailer hilo can relieve some of the camping trailer hilo new recruits in the camping trailer hilo as they have a comfortable size. See my Article on camping from time immemorial. Apart from being their favorite pastime, Americans use camping as a means of spending quality time and have a different number of nights you are hiking it's important that you shop with a simple tent and one to two people, they are there for you is based on trial and error.
In fact is is fractional reserve banking that created Depressions, recessions and inflations according to Hyman Minsky who us idolized by Professor Keen. Minsky and the Austrian School agree that a fractional reserve banking system creates a bias in favor of bad investments because loans create money which adds to demand for things like housing. People might want housing but not at the inflated price level that those easy loans artificially created. These Bubbles always collapse creating recessions in which government runs huge deficits and privately held debts are cancelled through business closures, job losses, home foreclosures and stock margin calls.
Just outside one of the tearooms, a stage was set up for the ENSA entertainers, (Entertainments National Service Association). Three young women with their hair done in victory rolls and their neatly pressed uniforms sang Vera Lynn.
What's Your Number? by Karyn Bosnak was made into a movie that premieres on Friday, September 30th. Purchase by October 4th and receive a free signed poster by actress Ana Farris.
“He will love thee, and bless thee, and multiply thee: He will also bless the fruit of thy womb, and the fruit of thy land, thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil, the increase of thy wine, and the flocks of thy sheep, in the land which He sware unto thy fathers to give thee.”
The car was there (not always the case, we’ve found) and took us straight to a boat. The boat left immediately, with just us as cargo. About 45 minutes out to sea, we came upon the tiny island paradise of Angel Island. There were 7 snorkelers in the water when we arrived, a good sign for the diving to come. We disembarked from the boat and were greeted by a friendly face, one we’d get used to over the next 4 days. Staff rushed aboard, grabbing our bags before we could get to them and they disappeared. The friendly guy (we never did learn his name) took us on a quick tour of the island, showing us the 2 private beaches, the restaurant and culminating with our bungalow, #3.
International IPA day tomorrow, bet you can't guess what I'm going to end on.....Night.
Hop: Directed by Tim Hill; Starring Russell Brand, James Marsden
Here's the painting I have in our bedroom:
Let me know what you think of Google + guys. I'm curious as to where this Social Networking thing can go ...
4) “I don’t support any genocide”
But I've always found the message oddly poignant.
They appear to be consultants. With their own consulting company. The consulting company has many clients, including biotech companies.
4. Miles Coolidge. Acme Gallery: Coolidge simply turned furniture on its side and photographed it as if it was right side up, leaving the world askew. Such a simple inversion, but I legitimately started to think about I how align myself in the world, how the familiar determines how I see.
While I was travelling recently, I had the opportunity to interview a former child star of "The Book Place", who agreed to the interview only if he be referred to as "Former Child Star (of the Book Place)".
As soon as we could find a frozen pond, or even a big puddle, we'd start the annual Pond Hockey League. We usually played on a pretty small surface, so it remained pretty exclusive.
If you are pretty talented at art you might not even consider going to Art College. Why should you, anyway? You can draw like the masters: Boticelli, Michaelangeo, Da Vinci. There wasn't a landscape scene your brushes didn't like, and there wasn't any portrait you couldn't draw. You can sketch anything that exists!
I looked at the BBC Good Food website and sure enough, although it actually appeared in a Spring magazine, you can see it here, presented as a Christmas recipe !! I have noticed before that a lot of the Good Food magazine recipes are regularly recycled and will turn up in books and magazines time and again, often using the same picture.
At the same time, I’ve been plotting a truly terrifying future project: a science fiction novel.
It is starting to sink in that I will be meeting a whole lot of people that I have chatted to for a few years on line but never really meet - it is going to be AWESOME!!!!!
The flowers were stamped and colored with watercolor pencils. All the stamps are Hero Arts.
Squashed them into a patty shape
This is my favourite page as it uses some wide ribbon that sparkles. I cant wait to see what Haley thinks of this mini. I have had much fun making this mini.
But now my patience is being tested again.
I remember being in grade school and getting into a fight with one of my fellow classmates over the Rocky movies… or more specifically, his assertion that the Rocky tetralogy (Rocky V had just been released) were better movies than the Star Wars trilogy. This wasn’t a contentious argument although it very well could have been if I had seen ANY of the Rocky movies at that time. I hadn’t, so I merely voiced my preference for a galaxy far, far away. Much later, I did see Rocky 1 through IV (still haven’t gotten to V) and I like them quite a bit. IV in particular, is a beautifully insane product of its’ time.
make a homemade bag,
Now they believed that the Jesus of the cross was the Messiah of Old Testament prophecy. The second step was to be baptised with water. He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved. Is that the Gospel message for today? It could not be because we did not crucify Jesus Christ. Our sin caused His death for He did die in our place but we did not stand before Him and demand His crucifixion. We were not, are not and never will be under the law. The law was given to and for the Jews. The law demanded various forms of water baptism even as Hebrews9:10tells us. The witness of the twelve brought about this change of heart and the religious legal act that was necessary for their cleansing. How strong was their witness? In Acts chapter four, Peter and John were placed into prison. Even while in confinement, because of their witnessing of the resurrected Lord, they made this bold statement in verse 19:
We have a sofa, two beds, a squishy recliner, an extremely soft, plushy shag area rug and a veritable plethora of blankies, throws and kitty beds.
Some things got done that first term: the New York hospital system was consolidated on his watch, he purchased thousands of acres for park land (including Great Kills in Staten Island), and grew the municipal bus system -- greatly benefiting more than a few friends who happened to own the bus company given the exclusive franchise.
And so it continues:
I am enjoying the book, however. As usual, I find the marker for this is how late I am willing to stay up reading the book, even though I know I have to get up at 6 the next morning as usual. I've definitely sacrificed some sleep reading this book.
Stay tuned for more living . . .
Clutter of cats,
"Other"- any non-necessary, or "extra", purchases made during the month that could have been avoided if needed. Includes business related (yet non necessary) purchases.
Journalistically the writing is solid throughout, and Dean’s handling of some very complex scenarios is masterful. However, there are some continuity problems. For example, in one scene Julian is kidnapped by a pair of autonoids using a stun gun. At the time Julian had been using his laptop computer in a cyber-café, and when Jeremy finds him missing he immediately takes off in hot pursuit, rescuing Julian and running (at a record pace) until they are well away from the area. They then take a hotel room where Julian continues to work on his computer. However, as far as the reader knows it is still back at the cyber café.
In the meantime enjoy some of Sheye's amazing photography work - the place I dream of making it to ...
Step 3: Convert to organic milk and dairy to eliminate artificial hormones, and pesticides.
They are very nice if you dip them in your coffee. I already have 7 or 8 of them…
Recruiting and using child soldiers.
There’s some disturbing shit in this book.
Another satisfied client was an Italian-American real estate developer. “I thought the woman best suited for him would be a profound woman of color with strong values,” recalled McIlwrath. “Of course, he wasn’t thinking of anyone like that. But, on the very first date they talked for five hours and have been together ever since.”
I not only can try to tell you what Justification means – I have had it happen to me personally. The devil accuses me of sin – I accuse myself of sin – you can accuse me of sin if you want. But when God hears the accusation and looks in His divine account books for the record of my sin, He does not see it there. The record He sees is the record of His Own dear Son coming up out of that empty tomb, with nail prints in His wrists, saying, “Paid in Full.“
2. Impress your friends with a little wine trivia: At1683 metres above sea level (5522 ft.), Torrontés shines its brightest in the world’s highest wine producing region, Cafayate, Salta in the northern reaches of Argentina’s Andes mountain ranges.
And to think....since I have chosen to homeschool my kids, I've actually been with them pretty much 24/7 these years. How could time still feel as though it went by too fast? Truly it's a mystery. I just love my two teens so very much!
This was the final Sunday of our Global Missions Fest--I didn't get to Church last week for Dr. Billy Kim (Korea) and the Korean Children's Choir. Had a minor physical "glitch" and had to miss. It was a busy final Missions Service, good music, good message, and Communion Sunday. We had some great reports from the different Mission Fields, and local Youth For Christ ministering. Lots of people interested in our Missions program.
and whose heart turns away from the LORD.
Occasionally, The Boss receives one of these things. He hates them. They always involve use of electronic aids, such horrors as email and the facsimile machine * shudder * as well as never-ending phone calls, and, worst of all, a high proportion of cancellations.
The owl outside was meant to scare squirrels and it did for a while but now they just ignore it. This owl is all over Southern California. Oh, and my cats freaked when I first brought it home!
Beef Stew with Biscuit Topping
The second song starts of in a much slower tempo, which reminds me of Hawa Dramé. But then it gradually gathers speed until, after 4'20, it switches into another rhythm, and a more peacocky dancing ensues. What a delight!
So tonight I'm planning to do the #Tworkout and then some other kind of Wii Game. I haven't quiet decided what but I know I want to do AT LEAST 30 minutes of exercise tonight so I can fill in Day 6 of my tree!
Please be happy and full of smiles!
I realised that I had to not only unbutton the whole playsuit but that I needed to be two-thirds naked (bra only) to pee! Luckily the day was warm so I didn’t freeze my n****** off but it would have been a whole different story if the temperature hadn’t been 27c. I would have been grumbling & muttering to myself whilst taking off whatever I had on over the playsuit only to have my n****** frozen whilst I pee. Other toilet goers would have been looking at my cubicle weirdly thinking a crazy person has escaped from the mental institution.
As always, could we ask a huge favour peeps please.
To be honest, I didn't care.
“Thank you,” she called out to me. “No, no,” I responded, “thank you.”
INCREDIBLE is not a sequel to HULK, but rather a reboot of the franchise that firmly brings the Hulk into the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Blessedly, INCREDIBLE doesn’t give us another elongated origin story, choosing instead to give us a quick and dirty origin story in the opening titles. This new origin resembles the origin from the TV show, where Bruce is strapped in a chair and dosed with gamma radiation. (But different in that here he doesn’t self-dose the radiation and his transformation into the Hulk happens right away.) It’s not the only nod to the Bill Bixby TV show: a clip of Bixby from The Courtship of Eddie’s Father plays on Bruce’s TV, Lou Ferrigno makes an appearance, a student reporter is named McGee (the same name as the reporter from the TV show), and the beautiful exit theme from the TV show is used in the film.
02.Running Around
Thanks to Final Conflict for drawing attention to this campaign. At the above link is an electronic petition in defence of marriage, and against the outlawing of the terms Husband and Wife - I kid you not, the Government seek to erase these words from the English language. Take a moment to sign the petition and let the Establishment know that they do not have the support of the people, and that we will not allow our most sacred institutions to be spat by perverts 'and' politicians.
In part two we will look further at the intricacies of The Shout and what happens when people try to rort the system. It will also contain a guide to Bad Shout People and How to Avoid them.
I'm so excited to introduce you all to a beautiful line of jewelry made by one of Chicago's very own, Rachel Olesker. Rachel's pieces are all one of a kind - literally every single piece is different than the next in some way.
These days, even at the earliest, most amateur, semi-spontaneous level of activity, rappers have the rough details of their ascent worked out in advance. They know the rungs, the pitfalls. They're righteous about gettin' paid. To me, a socialist of sorts, hip hop is a political revelation: its pathological individualism exposes the psychosis at the heart of our free market system, capitalism's war of all against all.
The only living HOF'er I need now to get an autographed ball from is Pat Gillick...
Is not an accident and those that love me is not a requirement, so burn now flame
Here are the cards: I use different rectangle dies to cut the window. I also color the candies with Copic marker and add Glossy Accent in the center. Cute~What do you think?
I am thankful for the friends I have made while blogging. I am so thankful for the friends I have made and the lives that have touched mine. I am thankful for all of the people I have met and the ways that as we share with others. I know my life has expanded and become richer. I love that places are not some far off place that I have just read about in the newspaper but places become real because of the people I have been blessed to meet.
I honestly think that the ticket price, which I have heard criticised by some as being too expensive, definitely wasn’t for what is on offer during the tour and that it is interesting enough for those who are not Harry Potter fans, but are interested in looking behind the scenes at how films are made, to get something out of it too. But the concessions have the ability to make the experience very much more expensive, especially if you’re a family with children. Once we’d bought green screen photos (which reminds me of another little gripe, that they only had Gryffindor robes available for the broom flying photos - definitely not what a Slytherin wants - and whilst I understand the problem of green screen and green robes, not everyone considers themselves Gryffindor and there are two other Houses at Hogwarts too) and food and drink, Mrs H3 and I had spent about £50 between us on top of the price of entry – and we really didn’t overdo
Anxiety is common among children and adults with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Research suggests that at least 30 percent of children withASDalso have an anxiety disorder such as social phobia, separation anxiety, excessive worry/rumination, obsessive compulsive disorder or a phobia such as extreme fear of spiders or loud noise.
I never really got into the spirit of writing down new year’s resolutions, because I find it so over-hyped. Yet, here I am, writing down my own. 2011 was, at best, just a ho-hum year for me, except for the parts when my sister got married (after 14 years), my nephew turned 4, and my niece turned 1. I have to say that the last months of the year (the -ber months) were more action-packed than the first months.
These digis werew requests for the 100 member celebration.
over a 31 day period. This
“Fuck, fuck, fuck. Pick. Up. Please, God. Pick up.”
The cover and info on the next edition of Doctor Who Adventures magazine:
5. Logan’s Run (1976) – Life inside the dome is perfect. Days are filled with leisure, and everyone is attractive. If you want some private time with one of these attractive people, then all you have to do is dial one up on the computer. However, there are some pesky problems – at the age of 30 everyone must take part in Carousel (DEATH), and the ones who try to run from it are tracked down by Sandmen. Clothes (what little of them there are) are color coordinated according to age. Wearing red means your time is running out. Green means you are alright (as you can see).
Day 46
Our two protagonists are Henry and Anne. Because of Henry’s upbringing in the sea and upbringing at the hands of Allard, a scholar under the sway of Robert Claybrook, the closest thing thing this novel has to a villain, we learn a lot of the worldbuilding organically, but Henry is a fascinating force of nature until himself. He’s cruel, stubborn, and, remarkably, just; his disgust with the lies of politicking and his commitment to not lying becomes an important plot point towards the end of the novel. I can see how Henry might turn off some readers, but he’s not an evil character; he’s a product of the sea, where life is move or die. He’s stunningly complex, which also goes for Anne. Unable to play the games of court well, Anne cultivates a reputation as a devout simpleton—while her faith is unshakable, she’s also clever. And scared. And wants the best for her sister, even when circumstances force her to threaten war against her. Whitfield doesn’t deserve complexity for her two leads; the rest of the cast has organic and sometimes conflicting motivations, like Henry’s best friend, the landsman John. These characters, deepsmen and landsmen alike, feel like real people; I became so invested in these characters that I worried about them when I wasn’t reading the novel. It’s truly impressive.
in a 1913 Harper’s Weekly article, entitled “What Publicity Can Do.”
Guramit Singh
I like the way it turned out. I'm hoping and praying that some of the ladies at church will help me stitch squares together to make the rest of the afghans. I'm going to have to go out and get more black yarn soon to keep edging them as I've run through all the black I had and bought for the project already.
Police said officers made at least three arrests after hundreds of people marched through downtown Tuesday afternoon. A 23-year-old man was arrested for vandalism and a 19-year-old man with a knife was also arrested.
The last one hits like a physical punch. Jessica’s one of the few people on the squad who voluntarily talks to me. Or so I thought. “Well gee, I’m so sorry that I ruined high school for you. How inconsiderate of me to get made fun of. Good to know my sister defends me, at least.”
Sigh. Not the joyous "return to bloggin" post I was hoping to make. I had planned it out; it was going to be all full of bon mots and hip cultural references. It was downright witty, I tell you. You'll just have to take my word for it.
UPDATE: 30th September 2011. Although there is no update on debt or disposal negotiations, we are reminded in today’s London Evening Standard that Battersea will have competition in terms of development offering. About three kms up the road in Earl’s Court there is a 77-acre development wending its way through the public consultation/planning labyrinth. This article and opinion piece from former RICS president, Peter Bill also goes on to pooh-pooh the Battersea development which he correctly states is dependent on an extension to the Northern Line (part of London’s Tube or metro system). By comparison, he argues, Earl’s Court is “doable” now.
Please click the following link http://www.shop.com/ul!57432!Playoffs+-trends.xhtml?credituser=C9407795 for all of your Flyers needs. Shopping made easy right from your home without ever missing a minute of the playoffs.
My trainer and I have a pact that if we ever shit ourselves we'll tell the other person right away, and if we ever see strangers masturbating in public we'll tell each other as soon as we're done video taping it.
But, more on that later.
Oh and that clock, which I have a few of is from the lovely Rae @
I love easy projects! I was almost an hour late to the activity because of some last minute design tweaks, but I was one of the first to leave since I didn't have to wait for ModPodge to dry. If you haven't tried working with vinyl you should give it a try. It's great stuff! and available in so many colors now.
So there’s that.
One trait my father and I share is this: putting enough soda crackers in our tomato soup to make it have the consistency and look of mushy oatmeal.
Please RSVP at http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/2XH6TZ9 by March 26 to help us organize the event. A number of seats are still available, so please pass this invitation along to other stakeholders who may be interested in bicycle planning, design, and implementation.
It has been said that “it takes a village to raise a child.” We all benefit when we assist and support one another. I am fulfilled as I give from my heart the gifts of my time, talent and treasure, and as I support others through the power of affirmative prayer. When I pray for others, I reach out in faith and enfold them in love.
Keep Yourself Alert With Security Alarm Systems
Hi Tangobaby (blogger buddy)
But back to London. There are so many things I will miss. The feeling of being somewhere important. Reading someone else’s newspaper on the tube and train. Loosing any sense of a personal bubble. The smell of London, smoke, alcohol. Pretty much sums it up. The general excitement of big city lights and the possibility of seeing someone important! The number of men in suits. Well dressed men! Metro over here is hot! People drinking beer on the trains – GBs. The people you meet on trains – the absolutely wasted couple after church, man holding onto my collar so I wouldn’t fall over, that was borderline creepy…the numerous people on the trains we have pissed off. The young children on the bus after church. The boys who put tic tacs in Jacqui’s dimples. The amount of people we have fallen on, inappropriately grabbed and scared for life with our conversations which we should have in the walls of our bedrooms not in public, Pulling faces at people as the tube drives away because let’s face it we won’t see them again. Ever. I think in general I will miss the people, so many people walk around not giving a shit what others think and just want to have fun. Ah. Love you London.
We did a pink/grey train theme. It was 100% perfect for her.
I love this drawing although it is so sketchy – part of another unfinished sketch is on it – and some of the limbs don’t quite make sense(!) The dear other half doesn’t like it at all. And that has given me a bit of a complex about in addition to the fact that while I’m trying to write this, he’s telling me awful, awful ‘jokes’. Can I tell you how awful? No, I cannot; words defy me. Is that the right word? Anyway, I took this sketch to college with me last Friday and they loved it too. I felt a little redeemed. But in any case, I still love this drawing. Which is why, a week after it was done, I’m posting it. So there!
To see the world with tearful eyes
For the wood to taint beer, they need to come into direct contact. So the implication of this article is that barrels weren't usually lined. If they were, you wouldn't need to worry about a funny taste from the oak. The assertion "few British breweries are equipped with the plant necessary for this process" about pitch-lining makes it clear that this practice wasn't common.
Clark’s agent Paul Shefrin said in statement that the veteran host died this morning following a “massive heart attack.”
Looking back in Paul’s recent days, he could not have presented the gospel to King Agrippa had he not been illegally detained in Caesarea. He would not have been inCaesareahad the Roman Captain Lysius not sent him there. He would not have been in Lysius’ care had that howling Jewish mob not attacked him. It all required a preparation. Who among us has the ability to order our own steps? They would indeed be carnal, fleshly. We cannot see what the next hour holds for things can change in the twinkling of an eye. But God does know. His omniscience incorporates eternity future as well as eternity past. He has an eternal purpose which involves you and me.
18Says the Lord, who has made these things clear from the earliest times.
In times like these, I like to quote one of my favourite politicians of all-time, Nathan Cullen:
It’s a shame that McGeechan’s glittering coaching career within the game looks set to end on a low note; this a man that has had great success with the British & Irish Lions, and only five years ago he guided Wasps to the Heineken Cup.
The Burley Public Library needs your help. Pledges have been made toward a new library and depend on the passage of a $3.2 million dollar General Obligation bond on Tuesday, May 15. If the election fails, the pledges expire on this date.
DR MAROON: Pussy Cave?
Human beings are much the same. Have we even reached our optimal health? What is the gift human beings give when they reach optimal health? We give love just as the plant gives a flower and fragrance. Love is the fragrance of human-beings. But we can only give in a healthy way when it’s out of abundance. What does taking care of the house include? It means making decisions that honor and respect yourself. Eating nutritious whole foods, drinking plenty fresh water, getting enough sleep, exercising, proper breathing, being out in sunshine, cultivating positive loving relationships, and constructive thinking. These are the basics in taking your body from a house to a home. Spiritual practice is honoring the space that is the temporary home for your soul while here and helping create the cleanest, strongest, healthiest, most joyous environment so that you can feel your best while you journey here.
And of course, I also approve of my readers slipping these "word of the day" lexemes into their everyday conversations, as a social-science experiment, to see what kinds of reactions they receive. For example, you might say "That was a very interesting flumadiddle you raised at the meeting today." Or: "I like that flumadiddle you're wearing! Where did you get it?" Please report back to me any blank look, inquiry as to your meaning, or sincere "thank you" you record.
“Y-you will get cold and…”
It's an important question. I expect to be around in 2032, albeit somewhat more creaky (I'll be 68) — the state of the world in 2032 is a matter of personal interest. By 2092 ... well, if I'm still alive in 2092 there will have been medical breakthroughs, because I'd be 128 years old, and that exceeds the current boundary with which human life expectancy converges (which is roughly 121-122). My grandfather died a couple of months short of his 70th birthday; my father is still going strong at 87: a straight line extrapolation would peg me at making it past 104, although I don't think I'm as healthy as dad. So it's a matter of rather more theoretical interest to me, but nevertheless worth worrying about just in case the next 20-80 years bring us some massive breakthroughs in life prolongation.
Most of the photos are something of a Social Register for Gardens, with hand-coloring in FBJ's preferred Ruskinian idealism to boot. So you'll find the Vanderbilt estates here, and some of England and Italy's most famous gardens, but I am more enamored of the Rhode Island Farmhouse and the sandbox in the back of a doctor's townhouse and the California adobes (present day Californians could learn much from the appropriateness of these landscapes to their settings).
I get all down on myself and I lock myself away in my room and read boring books and tell myself how pathetic I am and make myself listen to depressing music and write stupid run-on sentences. It usually takes me a few hours (sometimes days) to turn the corner and get real – get real with myself and with God.
Now, would I tell you lies? (thanks for this suggested edit, Doc!)
"That's it, lean in close, cheek against the barrel, not too hard - you don't want it to take half your face off" he said.
* Hong Kong University Science & Technology (Hong Kong)
For all those who pined for a more serious release. A more symphonic release (as if the other two releases were not symphonic enough), this is it.
Discovered you – don’t recall
I fully intended to write a stand-alone. The message was clear: publishers do not want trilogies or quartets. But the characters hadn’t finished with me. Castle does work as a stand-alone, but I wanted to write Tobias’ story before I’d finished the first draft of Castle and as soon as that was winging its way to the Cornerstones competition I set down and wrote the first draft of City of Thieves in about six weeks.
THERE'S SO MUCH MORE I COULD TELL.
We really like the Cobb salad at Chili's but it is $8.79 plus tax and tip and serves one person. I gave myself a challenge to see if I can make one as good as Chili's that can feed all 5 of us and for less money.
SEAN: Night owl all the way. Don’t wake me up before nine.
3.) My mother getting drunk on an overnight campout, waking us to take a midnight hike, then losing her glove and making us all re-trace our steps in the dark to search for her accessory. The odd part: she was happy.
A: Two. One to change it, and another to shoot the old bulb.
The ESDC's dismissal of the IBO's report was noted both verbally and in a Response to Comments document, but the ESDC's logic was sketchy, as I'll describe below.
beyond the dreams of wizened elders
The digi left plenty of room to swing any color or shade any direction one would wish. Total fun.
Charles B. Sumner, general agent of the Cunard line in this country, said tonight that he believed the Carpathia was within 60 of 75 miles of the Titanic when the big ship struck the iceberg. Sumner, who had tried vainly to reach the Carpathia by wireless during the afternoon, said he had no way of telling where the Carpathia was at this time, but thought it was steaming for New York. It might be within the New-York wireless telegraph zone and able to send messages late tonight or tomorrow morning, he said. but added
Grauzone Eisbaer D
But exoneration in the capital context is a funny concept. It suggests complete vindication, but its real meaning is generally narrower. ...
Our cat "Chk Chk Chk" also hung out for the brewday, but she was pretty lazy. She mostly sat around and whined, occasionally entertaining herself by jumping onto the kegerator, which I try to keep as a sanitary work surface, and leaving muddy paw prints all over it. Damned good-for-nothing cats.
What was inside the wrapping was even better. I thought she just picked the book because it fit with the theme but she said she had actually read it and that it was a great read. How fun is that? But that was not all ...
This is not yet a chronic condition like hypertension. This is cancer, and it will kill you if you aren't careful. There are no easy answers.
Jack is all over the place crawling and climbing. He is already climbing up the stairs. His favorite thing to do is to use the gate or the columns of the stairs to stand and bounce. He also likes to get on his hands and knees on his bouncy chair and ride it like he is a cowboy. Teddy thinks this is really funny and cool and will attempt to do it himself but he doesn’t have the bouncing bronco mastered as well as Jack.
It’s time to get moving! (And aren’t you ready for it, too?) This is a week of consolidating, mental house cleaning, and incremental progress.
Much of ancient wisdom has propounded the dualism of mind and body. From Plato through Aristotle and Aquinas and Kant, we have built a wall between our minds and our bodies, our spirits and our flesh. We have placed one upon a pedestal and blamed every cursed thing upon the other. The problem is that this myth, like many, works as an analogy but not as a description. Contemporary research in cognitive science and psychology is continually revealing the mechanisms and processes underlying our own consciousness. It turns out, we do have a divided self, it just happens to be physical on both sides. For a more thorough treatment of this topic I recommend Jonathan Haidt’s The Happiness Hypothesis, but for our purposes the primary division of the self is between controlled and automatic processes. Haidt uses the metaphor of a rider on an elephant to conceptualize this division. The rider (controlled processes a.k.a. conscious verbal thinking) can direct the elephant, but only when the elephant (automatic processes a.k.a. everything else) doesn’t have its own desires.
The blog has been silent for a while.. but that wont be the case now on.
I was digging through my supplies and came upon some paper pads which I forgot I had. Lucky for me, Kaisercraft's Pink Gelato papers coordinated beautifully with the colours of the evening sky on the silhouette. So after a very long time, I have used pattern papers on my card. And shocking to me, I have used pastel colours! They do look nice. I don't know why but I do not use pastel colours so much. I love bright colours a lot. But every now and then I surprise myself and use pastel colours. Love it. Hope you do too.
Then last night she tried my dessert and there was (unknown to me) egg white in it and she was ill. argh!
1/2 cup packed golden brown sugar
1 family
I hadn’t been planning on posting anything interesting until later this month, but a recipe worked out really well tonight and it seemed like such a shame not to share it.
Recently, there has been quite a lot of attention in the media and the blogosphere about the whole issue of open-access journals. The issue is this: academics in taxpayer-funded universities produce research in the form of articles that they publish in journals run by for-profit corporations. The said corporations then sell the research, which they got for free, for a princely sum. Journal subscriptions are expensive, which means that most taxpayers are unable to read the research they have paid for unless they are members of a university community. The Economist magazine, which is hardly known for its left-wing views or hostility to the profit motive, recently denounced the whole academic publishing industry, noting that profit margins in it extremely high. Of course, they are high: most of the actual work (writing articles, editing journals, doing the peer-reviewing) is done by volunteers.
At this ceremony, in the center of the action are men playing drums while women and girls in traditional clothing are doing a simple slow-motion dance. While the females dance, people come up and either toss money on a handkercheif laid on the ground or tuck bills into the dancers clothing or hair. It is a G-rated striptease. Money thrown in the center goes to the dancer's family while the dancer keeps money on her person. Once money stops coming in, new dancers arrive. This is a happy festival, but like a funeral, animals will be killed. Two days from now they are killing one hundred pigs.
“For most of us, ‘home’ equates to safety and security,” said Straughan. “For the homeless, daily life is exposed and vulnerable. This legislation will make the law a bastion to which our homeless can retreat for safety and sanctuary.”
DROPBOX will be a key player in my future integration of the iPads into my curriculums this year.
#4. This is scaleable. Solutions to problems are often very situation specific, and transplanting one solution into another context can rob it of any chance of working, but the principles which make the CR process so effective, in my mind, can be applied to many different fields, especially where we are moving to distributed networks of practice.
This week I spoke with Vanidy Bailey, who works at UC San Diego‘s Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender Resource Center as the Assistant Director for Education. We talk about fashion both as a fun interest and as a political statement, Van’s dog Reagan, searching out new places in a new town, and small school experiences just to name a few (sorry for the lack of links. These aren’t easy concepts to narrow down to one article for reference).
A few of us wandered into a café that we were told had some exceptionally wonderful hot chocolate. It turned out to be everything we could have hoped for and more.
Genesis 1:27 says, “So God created man in his own image, in the image of God he created him; male and female he created them.” You and I are created in the image or likeness of God. By looking at our nature, how we were made, we can learn something about God.
Now, I have something else to share with you. Something quite exciting. It is, of course, my giveaway :) I have loved my time so far with TPV, it is such a brilliant challenge blog, with such a friendly community, so I have this giveaway to celebrate it's birthday.
In my day young people didn’t own goods and chattel – we were goods and chattel. Our parents owned us and any food, clothes or toys we received were simply on loan in exchange for our blind obedience and manual labor.
But I also want him to understand the difference between negotiation and extortion, between civil disobedience and outright disrespect – for people’s time and their property. I want him to understand the difference between flat-out demands and intelligent debate.
I was a brat, I admit it, but I like to think that I've more than made up for it over the years. Now on Valentine's Day, I bake up a favorite chocolate dessert or a steak and potatoes dinner for the man I love. We are both happy to stay in and eat dinner in our lounge clothes in front of the television watching our usual DVR'd sitcoms. This year will be no different, though we have a new little Valentine to spend the evening with- he will be having milk.
I am particularly relieved that her decision was made because
It’s important to note that while what we write is opinion, it is based on facts that we often cite in our posts. Anything you read here is straight from the horse’s mouth, not hearsay or rumor. If it takes reading a few blog posts to trust me or the other writers, that’s fine. I would do the same thing, too. What I wouldn’t do, is call this blog shoddy journalism.
Come up with 5 answers to each of the following:
Now the "choice" for autistics is either to undergo unlimited "medically necessary" ABA (no other kind will do), or to be institutionalized, to live in restraints and to have our teeth pulled. Maybe institutions have gotten to be old hat. Maybe the powers that be have become inured their daily bombardment of messages that autistics just naturally belong in institutions. So Ms Lewis, being an eminent autism advocate, had to make things a little more compelling.
In some ways it reminds me of going to a restaurant in Harmonica Yokochoo in Kichijoji, Tokyo....and being time slipped back into the Showa era.
The weight difference between free ride bikes and cross country bikes are considerable. You'll be extremely hard pressed to find a bike that weighs more than 24 pounds, and even that weight can be heavy. Free ride bkes weigh close to 40 pounds, which makes the difference in weight pretty close.
A vector is declared like so (Although the number of elements is optional):
Here is an Eli Whiteside gold card. Dustin Eli Whiteside made his debut in 2005 for the Orioles and played a whopping 9 games. After that he was in the minors until he came back up in 2009 for the Giants. He has done decent in a 196 games and 478 ABs hitting .218 and accumulating 10 HRs in that span. In the middle is Miguel Olivo. I'm sure you have heard of him. The one on the right is good ole Nyjer Morgan, who has been all over the place from Pittsburgh to the Nats to Milwaukee.
My seven year old brother jumped up and his fist pumped the air. “Alright! Something besides fish.”
The Bourne version, though Bourne is British like Burton, is more Americanized than Burton’s version. Kim the narrator caricatures her past, putting all the characters into safe categories like the good wife, the tramp, the politician, and, what seems to be the motivating factor in Bourne’s version, the religious. In Burton’s film, religion was present in the presence of a character which was half witch, half Christian. She attempted to rouse and eventually helped provoke, but could hardly be the full cause of Edward’s downfall. In Bourne’s version, religion is both incendiary and an explanatory factor in the eventual departure of Edward’s spirit.
VIII. THEY SANG A HYMN
I've been seeing a lot of my fellow bloggers these past few months and I haven't been open with you about it. I'm a man, OK? Anyway I'm spilling the beans today and I hope you're satisfied.
On top of this, people often don’t hear what I’m saying, or they can’t understand my pronunciation (when I was a child, I had multiple speech problems, and I’m not completely past regarding my voice as an ineloquent embarrassment with an icing of Southern hick). Like the woman who finally tried to speak only to have someone talk over her, people sometimes talk over me. Whether they actually talk over me anymore than they talk over anyone else, I can’t honestly say because I haven’t kept count. Maybe I just hate it more. I not only consider interruptions rude, but I take them as proof that I wasted my time even trying to be heard.
Mr Willis claims Rodman has made $8,000 this year, a staggering difference from the $570,000 in earnings he claimed at the time his wife filed for divorce.
a score of demons in his head,
On paper, the Boosters’ line-up appeal to be solid. They have a star player built on hard work and excellent work ethic (Arwind Santos). A point guard who is clutch as hell and also a star in his own right (Alex Cabagnot) and another guard who can bang up against anyone (Denok Miranda). They’re frontline were a good mix of defensive stalwarts (Rob Reyes, Carlos Sharma and Noy Baclao) and offensive big men (Jay Washington, Ildefonso and Al- Hussaini). Juggling at the 2-guard spot were the enigmatic La-Salle standout Joseph Yeo, all around rookie Chris Lutz and Cebuano Hot Shot Dondon Hontiveros.
A generation that will attack
Watched Pineapple Express for the twentieth time and got this awesome screen shot of the greatest look ever delivered on screen (and the very fact that someone took the time to put this on YouTube proves I’m not alone in my assertion).
2) My family's good health. Maybe not the most exciting thing for which to be thankful, but it's too often overlooked. Sam has had a little low-grade fever for the last few days. I suspect it's a tooth making it's appearance or just a little cold, but it has had him a little bit out of sorts for the last few days. When I'm frazzled because he's falling apart over the tiniest thing or refusing to eat, I'm reminded that we know nothing of a sick child. Right after Sam broke his leg, a friend's little boy was diagnosed with cancer, and Shawn and I got a big dose of reality. Yes...Sam is a kid and he will be plagued with various ailments here and there. We will have to clean up puke, wipe snotty noses and may make the occasional ER visit. But so far, our son (and his parents!) have been blessed with overall good health. We don't have chronic conditions that constantly steal our energy, we don't have to take life-sustaining medicine that makes us feel bad, and we don't have to schedule our days around lengthy treatments. So today, I am grateful that Sam has a little low-grade fever that we can manage at home with Tylenol and kisses.
Sent for review, opinions are mine.
I made these comic book-inspired talk bubble stickers for the return address and printed them onto the same full label sheets.
During his first three years as a preacher, he was pastor of 23 different churches. This was not a reflection of extraordinary demand. It was a consequence of frequently being hired on Sunday morning and fired on Sunday evening.I can recall him jumping on top of a piano one night during his sermon. He tended to perspire (sweat, in East Texas) a lot and kept wiping his face and forehead with his handkerchief. After a few uses he would drape the wet hanky over the rail to dry while he pulled a fresh one out of his pocket. At the end of his sermon there might be three or four wet hankies drying on the rail.
I pace up and down the hotel carpet floor over and over in the room that Will Riker and I are sharing.
Ann Taylor
“You want to say good night to Mr. Redding before you go, girls?”
Most tourists found that Copenhagen lacked cleanliness. The city only received 58 points on average and ranked last. The other cities that were evaluated were Stockholm, Oslo, Helsinki, Tallinn, Riga, Vilnius, Aarhus, Malmö, Uppsala, Bergen, Tampere and Turku.
23. Why We Need A Socialist Campaign For A labour Victory, sets out how Marxists can overcome a tricky problem of advocating a support for Labour, despite the inadequacy of its Programme.
Please help me support Invisible Children Inc. and help me support KONY 2012 movement by making a donation to Invisible Children through my page, which you can find here. By donating even just a dollar, you can help save these children. The process is fast, easy and secure. All the money goes straight to Invisible Children, I get nothing from this.
“Back then images had a psychological presence, they were seen as part of a separate plain of existence, as having a life of their own.”
In the process, setting—the quiet workhorse of stories—is being short-changed. The characters are dropped in a location—a room, a park, wherever—and then it’s “Onward, ho!” to the action and the dialogue.
Meet Mr. Train.
Or maybe I'm just shallow, but it can go a long way to helping you keep your eye on a match if the scenery's as attractive to look at as the darts being thrown! In fact, finding darts "eye candy" was a bit like discovering The Holy Grail - you never think it's going to happen then, all of a sudden, out of the darkness, emerges something you never thought you'd see - a sexy darts player! Never ceases to amaze me....
A branch snapped to their left. A huge animal with a bristly blue coat stalked toward them. It had white wavy teeth.
Life is too long for you to make nothing of it
I have completed the entire top row, some 39,200 stitches. I am stitching it one over one full crosses on 25ct Lugana.
Some final random jottings inspired by my approaching fiftieth birthday.
If home life wasn’t chaotic enough, we are in the process of moving our work office – by ourselves. The only hitch is, we have moved nearly everything and have to be out of our current space, but the new building contract has not yet been finalized. This means work from home for a few days – which would work great for me, but those are the days I have to be on inspections in my area with the EPA. It will be stressful to say the least. We
‘”…the Lord will give you understanding in everything.’” Then why hasn’t he given it to everyone at the start of the human race so that NO ONE would ever have to be damned to eternal damnation? Having nonsensical and conflicting things in a book that was meant to be taken as literal and as the infallible word of some deity is going to make people not believe in it, especially those who have some sense about them.
He cast her a glance and smiled again. “What’s up?” he asked as he squatted to grab the bar and resume his exercising.
It was the most ridiculously bright yellow thing I had ever seen, and I had to have it. After much deliberation, I eventually caved and bought it, and then realized I had nothing to wear to justify carrying this ridiculously bright ass purse. I eventually found a necklace in Kohl’s which was about the same color; so I had to buy it— just because it was the same ridiculously bright hue of yellow…..then I found some fishnets that were also ridiculously bright highlighter-esque yellow too. And nail polish to match, of course.
24. The Time Traveller's Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
The storm did not break so much as rumble in the distance, echoed behind Tibbs every word. “I joined the navy in ’65. I was fifteen years old, sailing before the mast on Reliant, under the Admiral, then Captain Bume. You never knew him then, sir, so you don’t really know what he was like–a giant of a man, voice like a lion, chest and shoulders broad as two men. Strode the deck like a God, like the sea itself rolled beneath him at his wish, and the wind blew on his command. We were off the coast of Africa, hunting pirates. Thing was that the pirates found us–four ships to our one, outgunned us, faster than us, more men. I don’t mind telling you sir that I was terrified, but there was Bume, fire blazing from his lips sharper and fiercer than anything they were throwing. Still, odds were against us. When the mast came down, it landed on my legs, sir. The pirates were swarming aboard a moment later–hotentots and savages all, kinves in their teeth, come to murder us. Thought I was a dead man–I was, or should have been. Saw my killer in his black eyes, crouched over me, mean little smile on his thin lips, his dirk pointed at my eye.”
For those who think the flooding fears were unwarranted check out this photo from Chelsea near 11th ave by Scott Witt:
I also realized that I had an opportunity here. Being south of the Equator now gave me the chance to see astronomical sights I never could see up north. Celestial objects such as the Large Magellanic Cloud and constellations such as Chamaeleon and Octans were now open to me.
The Fed sets short-term interest rates, whereas long-term rates are pegged to the 10-year Treasury bond, which is a function of how much premium bond buyers demand for investing in a supposedly safe government asset instead of riskier ones.
Meijer had some white-ware that had a single mug that would suffice until I found one that I really wanted. So enter…
Umno tells the Malays that their survival depends on having Umno in Putrajaya. It depends on having a Malay as PM, as DPM and having Malays as the majority in cabinet and in Parliament.
And then an image came to me.
It is nice to be back! First of all: thank you for your wonderful words, comments, and emails. (The caps were indeed helpful!) It is a truly a wonderful thing to know that you have friends that care about you and even more wonderful when you can count among them some very lovely people that you have never actually met "in person". Thank you all so much. When I peaked in to read emails and publish comments it really made my day. Also a welcome to some of the new visitors that have wandered by in my absence. I hope you will stay a while!
I'm dreading having to give any details to my principal. But I'll have to in order to be able to go in for monitoring at the drop of a hat. That's my biggest stressor right now. I know I'm blabbing all of this on a public blog so I shouldn't care but there are still some people and some situations that I'd like to keep private frm certain parts of my life. I'm not thrilled that my principal will have to know about something so personal.
DEALER: He tells me what is art and what is just stuff.
Perhaps the sabre-rattling against Pakistan indicates the main reason for the invitation by the Zionist Establishment of millions of Pakistanis into the European homeland. The Establishment want war against Pakistan to become war inside Europe between Europeans and Pakistanis. The majority of Pakistanis, just like everyone else, want to live peacefully and go about their business un-molested. The propaganda that all Muslims are eager to become martyrs for Islam is just that, propaganda. Certainly there are Muslims who would happily blow themselves up for the cause (and having worked alongside such people, the fanaticism is quite alarming), but by and large, most Muslims regard death as something to welcome when it arrives, but they are in no hurry to get there quickly. This raises the serious question as to how the Establishment would deal with those who do not fit the propaganda stereotype.
She said, “stay away from the ring of toadstools that stand alone on the hillside. ”
Since Michael is an incredibly kind and generous man, he said send it back and I will make you a new one. I did and he did. On Monday I received it! Monday was not a good day for me, so I did not meet the mailman at the mailbox and it's probably a good thing because the only worse than an excited housewife with a gun is one with red puffy eyes in sweat pants she has been wearing for 2 days. I am kind of thinking if I would have met him at the mailbox like that, he would be leaving my packages at the neighbors from now on.
It was that kind of event. Nice for a change, I suppose.
positive in the long run. It seems such a shame that men and women
In my case when I went to the beach, I used three different sunblocks to suit my needs - the Neutrogena UV Moisture on my face and neck, the Dry Touch variant from my shoulder to my hips, and lastly, Nivea Sun Transparent Spray for my legs because it had lower SPF and I wanted my legs to tan. What is high maintenance? Haha!
But for this initially innocent man, the inadvertent crime is but the start of a spiral into money's power. Which is not to say that money didn't already rule his life, however; Yvon merely had an understanding with money. As an oil company employee, he's on the front line of sending money into the most profitable industry in the world, and for that he receives enough to support his wife and young child. But Patey is just as dead-eyed and posed as the rest of the non-professionals littering the film, maybe even more so. When he must defend himself over the counterfeit charges, Yvon protests his innocence in flat deadpan, and he does not even flare with rage when the clerk of the photo store, coached to deny Yvon ever coming to the shop, slightly shakes his head at the police.
Article VI of the Constitution provides that any law passed by virtue thereof should be “for a limited period.” “Limited” has been defined to mean “restricted; bounded; prescribed; confined within positive bounds; restrictive in duration, extent or scope.” (Encyclopedia Law Dictionary, 3rd ed., 669; Black’s Law Dictionary, 3rd ed., 1120.) The words “limited period” as used in the Constitution are beyond question intended to mean restrictive in duration. Emergency, in order to justify the delegation of emergency powers, “must be temporary or it can not be said to be an emergency.” (First Trust Joint Stock Land Bank of Chicago vs. Adolph P. Arp, et al., 120 A. L. R., 937, 938.).
Overall, The Deity of Christ is an engaging, insightful and reader friendly guide through the multifaceted doctrine of the deity of Christ. This is not an esoteric work but rather a book that is aimed at the laymen, pastor, Sunday school teacher and student of the Bible. This book serves as both a refresher course on the deity of Christ as well as a timeless reference guide to explaining many of the great Christological passages and phrases of Scripture. As the third contribution to the Theology in Community series from Crossway, The Deity of Christ is a welcome addition to the much needed area of contemporary expressions of the doctrine of Christ. This book will serve the church well for years to come.
Article 5. Where any Internet service provider engaged in provision of information contents has obtained clear knowledge that an Internet user is carrying out, on the Internet, an act of infringement of another person's copyright, or being warned by the copyright owner with solid evidence, and failed to take measures to remove and eliminate the infringing contents so as to eradicate the consequence of the infringement, the people's court shall investigate it and the network user, and impose joint liability thereon pursuant to the provision of Article 130 of the General Principles of the Civil law.
I am back to blogging!
As I logged into NetGalley the other day for the first time in months, I realized something--some publishers are getting pushy! A surprising number of publishers now want to know how many visitors visit one's blog in a day or a week or a month. How many people subscribe to one's blog? How quickly one can review a book?
Graveyards are full of indispensable people. Of all the maxims that roll around inside my head, that may be the one I need to hear most. Everything will go on without me. Everything will go on if I am not in charge of everything, if I don’t always have my way. When I realize that I am “nothing special” I can be overwhelmed with the grace of knowing I am everything special, that my specialness doesn’t come from doing what no one else can do but from the uniqueness of my Creation. I have already been loved into being. Running the world won’t improve on that.
It’s just another clever ploy to keep us occupied when all we need is one company SUPPLYING its one product FUEL at ONE price.... SIMPLES.
Mum: Leave them love. It's all the more impressive if people see what you've got to cope with.
To think that all these fundamental civil liberties, which have existed for hundreds of years, have come under attack in the last thirteen years is simply shocking.
The first game of the Dallas Cowboy’s 2012-2013 season will be at the defending Super-Bowl Champion/hated conference rival (New York Giants).
Posted by #phangchewfat
“No. I don’t see anything. Where is it?”
Bob: Try clicking on it.
when the memories cannot be hidden,
Heather of My Muse, Aquariart. Congratulations, Heather and good luck in the New Year with your goals of creating more and submitting more of your creations for publication. If you would email me your address I will get this set off to you.
Perales: My research interests remain connected to the border. My current project evolved from my work on Americanization in El Paso at the turn of the 20th century, and looks at perceptions of Mexican mothers on the border. I think El Paso will always be a part of my work.
Did you get some of the sunshine today? We did and it is our Carol's birthday so she had the day off (lucky girl) and Steve has just shouted through that we are in for heavy rain tomorrow, so it looks like you'll all have to get your crafting stash out and play!
Get your kids up and moving to some music with Music Matt at Arden Hills Resort Club and Spa. The event is appropriate for children ages 3-6. Your kids can learn about music, dancing and instruments.
It was a nice attempt at change, but no, you still fail, Mazui. The original is not English.
Then pour in the glass of milk. Turn up the heat and stir occasionally until the milk has all but completely evaporated. At this point, add in the glass of white wine. When this has all but evaporated, add the tomatoes, plus a can or two of fresh water, which you’ve added to the tomato can(s) to get all the pulp/juice bits out of them.
It's too bad she only got to dispatch a handful of people, because Margareta von Krauss is hands down the real star of The Spider Labyrinth. In fact, I liked her so much, that I was mildly forlorn every time she would recede into the night after completing another successful slaying. Sure, that giant demon baby–you know, the one that grows spider limbs–was definitely an attention grabber, but nothing beats the sight of Margareta's shock-haired toothy spider woman lassoing another sap with her industrial strength spittle.
TIP #4 - STOP the COOKING! KEEP the COLOR! While the beans cook, fill a big bowl about halfway with ice, then about three-quarters full with cold water. This is called a 'cold water bath' and prevents the beans from overcooking and retains their bright green color.
Far better, for Bin Laden to be captured and brought back to the US to face the rule of law. That is justice. He should have been made to face up to his crimes. Even the worst excesses of the Nazis (who killed hundreds of thousands of people) were dealt with by due process at the Nurenberg Trials. So why would he be any different? His crimes were no less heinous.
I made bunches of these bunnies when my daughter, Collette was little. Perhaps next year, I'll share the pattern and you can make a basket of bunnies for your Easter celebration. Hope you are all enjoying a lovely Sunday and a Happy Easter to all of you!
Q-Which products are currently getting the most action in your layouts?
It's time for a new challenge at Elphine House Australia! This past challenge we had 11 entries!!! That's so awesome! Now we're going for 15!
Dora: “Oh. No. Swiper swiped our map!”
I hope you have enjoyed the new layout.
Rufus was a wandering soul that simply could not be penned. He was also a kleptomaniac. Inn the years i owned him he brought me an assortment of pilfered goods that I had no idea where he stole. A pocketknife, opened up. My guess is someone flung it at him trying to carve out his pillaging eye. Numerous articles of clothing, including lingerie which I presume he plucked off other people's clothes line. Lots of beer bottles, newspapers, doormats, water sprinklers, and anything else left outside.
It was such a shock and I am still fighting the fact that I left him there and he died. The vet said that he had an unusually large tonsil and when they lay him on his side he suffocated because the needle made it so he had no control and everything relaxed. I pray that he didn't suffer. I feel so bad still. Now there is just Elvis and Isobell. Elvis watched us bury him but Isobell still wonders where he is.
JUNE 2012: CROWS NEST
Minneapolis MN Sept 16 (before Scrapfest) Taught by Debbie Olson and Lori Craig
The first son said that the tree was ugly, bent, and twisted. The second son said, “no – it was covered with green buds and full of promise”. The third son disagreed; he said it was laden with blossoms that smelled so sweet and looked so beautiful, it was the most graceful thing he had ever seen. The last son disagreed with all of them; he said it was ripe and drooping with fruit, full of life and fulfillment.
else in the family. When they have done that deed
Once the door was open, I was expecting them to get out their soccer ball, foot ball, but not Saarah’s giant pink ball(it had recently been kicked over a fence in a nearby yard by one of the neighbourhood kids. The worst part was that it landed in the yard of Pat Roy(the jerk I wrote about a few weeks back who likes to go on about how terrible a fate it is to be burdened with children, while my kids are standing there), which meant that we’ll probably just buy a new ball. Hey, it was free anyways, and they’re not exactly expensive. Besides, the cost is worth it if it means that I don’t have to listen to Pat Roy). They, instead, grabbed buckets and shovels, as though we were headed to the beach.
I know a lot of the reason for my weight is because I don't move around too much. I try to avoid walking usually. If there is a means of getting someplace other than by foot I go for it.
Chilly Sauce, 1 teaspoon
Bolt’s pursuit of four gold medals will be a much watched story of 2012, just as Lewis’ was in ’84 and Jones’ was in ’00. Will he emerge as Lewis or Jones, only time will tell. One thing is for certain, given the varied stories that will make up the sprints in the Olympic season, there will be much to watch and talk about. I wish Bolt and his competitors Godspeed.
Congratulations Michele and grab your Showcase Winner Badge on the sidebar to proudly display on your blog!
LOOKS LIKE THIS IS THE END.
Last week’s incident caused quite a stir on the Korean internet, leading to outcry from pop star Lee Hyori and even prompting a demonstration by the “Coexistence of Animal Rights on Earth” group on Saturday the 28th on Gwanghwamun Plaza in Seoul. Despite this, the incident was since found to be an unintentional and unfortunate accident and the police have cleared the offending driver of all charges.
30-something: What’s not to like about me? I am what I am, he can take it or leave it. Hell, there’s something wrong with his simple self.
Hope you are having a great weekend.
Often times you will find that the argument wasn’t worth the anger you felt. There may have been a very logical solution but because we are emotional people, we aren’t always able to stop ourselves from speaking out in resentment, hurt or anger. It takes practice and we can end up saying or doing just as much damage as the person who angered us.
I follow Chef Felisha Wild on Twitter . I also liked her page on facebook and perhaps would have never seen her post on this Vegan Vanilla Cake if I had not. I was grateful.
Here are my favorite pictures from our outing...
And now we've come full circle, as we end today with another bench redo, this one thankfully free of creepy cherub heads, although frighteningly enough, it appears to have been upholstered with a prom dress from the '90s. Zorrie from Let's Talk Chic must know what she's talking about, because now it's is the epitome of chic. To be fair, hunter green sateen was probably once the epitome of chic too. Those were different times.
sharing. commiserating.
My neighbor is a video game developer and thus for some reason feels the need to be nocturnal. Because of that I spend every few nights awake because my walls are shaking with shooting noises and even shouting when he is especially frustrated. Painting this picture vivid enough for you? Good, because today I am absolutely fried.
Noah Guynn — Associate Professor of French
8: SHIRLEY & LEE - Don't Stop Now
The dominant Marxist strategy has been to say, yes, we need modernity, we need Enlightenment, we need rationality — rather than reconsider these things, we just need more of them. Modified rationality, for sure, not just the short-sighted and inhuman instrumental rationality of capitalists, but a more pure rationality, unsullied by petty self-interest. And for their part, champions of social democracy have claimed that some such form of rationality, implemented by a democratic state, can overcome capitalism’s irrational distribution of wealth and poverty.
Pomegranate or in Latin is called Punica granatum. This fruit is produced by species of trees shrubs or small trees that grow in the yard many Indonesian people’s homes. The taste of this fruit is sweet, and it can be used as a medicine as well. However, there are many people who still did not know about and take advantage of these fruits.
Almost more than war, The Hurt Locker is about three men and their very different ways of coping with insane amounts of stress, day after day. Sanborn (Anthony Mackie) is a professional, treating war more or less like any other job. Eldridge (Brian Garaghty) shouldn’t be there at all – he’s not equipped to make the decisions he’s forced to make. For both of them, though, war is – hopefully – only temporary. For James (a truly amazing Jeremy Renner), however, the war has become his obsession, the only way of life that he can handle anymore.
I hear giggles and laughter through the open windows of children who feel the freedom as the weight of winter melts away. Sunlight dances on their shiny heads, kissing their bare, white arms and faces. Warmth spreading on the surface, spreading within.
Open to US only
12 clay
Last week, we spoke to the deputy coordinator of humanitarian affairs in Yida, Najda, and she gave us a quick update from the ground. Here is what she had to say:
Today the Pond, Tomorrow the World!
You can see Kooky in all of it’s glory in both the Czech/English Dub, or you can watch it in Czech with English subtitles – and to think you can get this ALL of these for less than 10 dollars? I’m definitely looking forward to seeing the whole thing, and you should too. Here’s the trailer to show you how amazing of an experience you’re bound to have:
Card Size: 3.5" x 4" (closed)
1163. – Dinner @ The Finish Line (Scott & Vickie’s – Malvern, PA) –
Row down the Nile – where we nearly had our toes bitten by the crocodile,
come to an end of their own resources
keyword BBB20. You have until March 31st to enter! As we unveil our challenge for next month, we’ll share our True Beauties – those card makers who wowed us with this challenge! Winners will be featured on the Flourishes Blog and will receive a True Beauty blog button to display
A host, of golden daffodils;
“You can take your bloody job and stuff it up your arse,” she said with precise diction.
The ruling, although seemingly narrow, had a broad impact. It undercut all government procurement ordinances that had a specific ethical motivation, such as to forbid the purchasing of goods made using child or sweatshop labor, or products made from rainforest hardwoods. Had the ruling been issued in the 1980s, it would have invalidated the aforementioned selective purchasing ordinances that helped bring about the end of apartheid in South Africa.
If you use a non stick, there is absolutely no need to add more oil, since often as Indians we have these with pickles :)
Plump Righteous – King Khan & BBQ Show
56. Visited the Great Wall of China
- Unit Amal PAS is a shining example of organisation and discipline. They rushed to the aid of many people and this I saw myself, and I have eyewitness accounts too. There are many positive things going for PAS, but these boys are surely near the top of the list.
The pair had been dating since 2008 when Nadine moved to LA.
1 bottle premium black sweet rice vinegar
The Sun is not a "swamp" that needs draining.
and as i told you i battled the lakes and ponds on Sunday (major rain in NJ/NY) to rush home b/c i KNEW something was wrong with my Mom (over phone conversation) - and sure enough - YUP she's taking a turn for the worse - UNIVERSE COME ON ALREADY, I MEAN REALLY, FOR REAL?! - i swear i think i might need to give this Universe of ours a lil kick in the ass or I'm gonna tell Mother Nature to come after it - something gotta change!
Amy quickly discovers that life aboard Godspeed is nothing like it was when she was frozen. The over 2,000 inhabitants have surrendered the control of the ship to a ruler known as “Elder”. Elder rules and controls everyone aboard the ship, and ensures that things are running smoothly—and that means everyone does what their told or assigned to do, and no one questions or does anything.
Answer: The jaded Alaskan gardener in me wants to answer “about three weeks before the first snow flies” but I mustn’t be bitter, so instead I write: Wait a bit. The traditional planting out date is Memorial Day weekend (last weekend in May), so a couple of weeks yet for most ornamentals. For cheaters (like myself) as soon as the birch leaf out…so pretty much anytime now. Also, the soil in containers is warmer than the ground, so I plant my containers early as a general rule.
Now, I will tell you that previous books in this series got some great reviews. I checked them out before I requested this one. But Pineapple Grenade, so far, is getting decided mixed ones, even from longtime fans of Serge and his friends. So if the premise sounds interesting, of a killer and his sidekick on a bunch of funny, madcap deadly adventure in the sultry Sunshine State, you might want to try a book early in the series, like Florida Roadkill, the first. And again, stop before you get here.
Do you remember the TV show “My Three Sons’?” One of those sons, Barry Livingston, (Ernie) has continued to work in the TV and film industry though not many child stars have been able to do so. His biography The Importance of Being Ernie is behind the Metaxas’ work and I am looking forward to it.
Goading people here? Overreacting? You can't overreact. Howard, have you read the death threat emails? "Rush, come on, you know that's just part of politics, death threats." Oh, yeah, right. Just part of politics to blame people that had nothing to do with it, Gabrielle Giffords gets shot. Okay, so now you've got Jesse Jackson, who is really in need of help. If the Democrats really cared about Jesse Jackson they would stop this 'til they found out what's wrong. And you have Michael Moore out there, and guys are calling for full-throated revolution, which is fine and dandy. I have no problem with revolution, but combined with death threats, if something happens here, who's going to get blamed? Certainly, Howard, all pretense of civility has kinda gone up in smoke here. And our wonderful president gave that wonderful speech, one of the best ever, we are told from Arizona, we gotta get past these things, gotta make that little nine-year-old girl proud of us. We must live and our politics must be what she dreamed it would be.
Because I can't keep Natalie's wheel that she so generously loaned me forever, Car Guy and I have been combing through Craig's List and EBay to see what we could find. We actually found a wheel fairly close by and after a lengthy email conversation with the seller, we went an hour and a half away to look at it. Success! Here it is....
Jeffrey Hammond-Hammond- bass
Articles for reference:
To most of us, it's a job like any other. Sitting behind the desk, answering the phone, typing up your boss's emails on the company letterhead, making the coffee-runs, smiling till your cheeks hurt as people you barely know putz around the office making copies and sending faxes. It certainly seems all status quo. Until you hear how Iris landed the job. Until you start to realize that she has no clue what Larmax, Inc. actually is, or does. Until you begin to notice how the once bustling office is slowly becoming devoid of employees. Until you look around and wonder, what the hell kind of place is this?
I jumped out whilst it was still moving 'cause when I'd said that I had money I had lied.
Naturally, that didn’t sit well with the nation’s largest death (abortion) chain, Planned (UN)Parenthood.
This batch of little cards is on some of those paint sample cards. I just gesso’d over the back side of the cards and then did my artwork. I’ve left the paint color side of the card, I think it’s cool that way…and the cards make the perfect little canvases, it’s a great weight of paper. I’ve used Behr samples for this set. The corners are already nice and rounded, and they are the perfect size for stuffing in an envelope to mail out to some of my artsy friends.
The financial consultant is so proud of his voluptuous body he has been selling his calendars for 14.99 dollars (£10).
Stamp: Sarah Kay
The only problem is High and Magic Roses are difficult to find. To cut costs, Ashlee wanted to avoid the big name floral companies who charge exorbitant amounts of money for wedding flowers. She had two thoughts: we could make them ourselves or hire someone to make the bouquets, boutonnieres, and corsages.
We sat back and waited for spring.
It is always such a good time of fun & fellowship!
She cringes....ok, so...is it too long? Is it too confusing?
With this statement, the sages in the Forest of the Unblinking Eyes indicate boldly and directly that they want Suta Goswāmī to focus his narration upon Śrī Krishna as the son of Nanda and Yasoda, in the Sweet Forest (Vrindavana), especially on his very expert and tricky dealings with the young girls there. Indeed this topic will become the focal point and crown jewel of Suta Goswāmī’s presentation.
We’re just over a week late in commemorating the 30th anniversary of the demise of this pub, but better late than never.
So now, let's actually talk about sexiness in Kpop videos, instead of inventing fictions, justifications, and fishy discourses that excuse ourselves from having to admit what the video, and these kpop bands' sculpted images, are really about.
4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves
by Ken Parish
Best thing about the time period was its lack of care for perfection. Seven-inch records were so relatively cheap and easy to put out that any band with access to a four-track recorder and half an idea for a couple good songs could start a catalog for itself. And, sometimes, the stuff was pretty great.
I once went to the Ikon gallery in Birmingham, which is financed by taxpayers’ money confiscated by the Government as well as funding by companies. The young gulls there soon refused to speak to me when I explained they are mass produced artists all doing similar stuff. They have to do what the Art Council wants to get a grant. The liberal middle classes follow the tastes and standards set by elites such as Saatchi.
It is important to set a day of the week apart for rest. Even God rested on the 7th day after creating the first 6 days.
Latitude 48
I’m an American. I was born in Appleton, Wisconsin 22 years ago in the middle of winter. In the 22 years that I have been living I have seen and experienced parts of life that no one will ever get to see. In 22 years I have lived through 8,030 days and within those days I’ve lived through 192,720 hours. Break that down into minutes, then seconds, and then you can see how much time we actually spend on this earth.
Going back to our example, you can now imagine how much he would potentially lost if his data is compromised for let’s say 12 hours. If I would give you some figures, average daily sales perhaps, you would be able to do your math and get back to me with figures. I am just giving the most simple example on the role of data centers and data management to businesses.
I have met two very significant goals today!!!
- Easy one-handed compact stroller fold
And here's a sneak peak and one of my latest projects in the works - updating the strawberry netting from the stuff on the back (just chicken wire) to a little fence like you see in the front. It's not all the way done yet as you can see, but I'm excited about it.
However, the favourite pieces in this small notebook are the coloured pencil portraits. Rarely has colour been a feature in my work before (at least, the traditional pieces). The comic allowed for venturing into something that I was quite apprehensive about. Although still wary of such acidic colours, they will become something to work with more readily.
Doris
Nathalie Sarraute’s Childhood is going to be reissued next year by the University of Chicago Press. It’s one of the most beautiful stories I know about learning French, written by France’s premier New Novelist, whose family emigrated from Russia in 1909, when she was seven.
Now my point is this, as the government are giving themselves the power to hack into our lives TOTALLY from phone through to our personal e mail that the Lord Leveson enquiry is now redundant.
The dealers' room was open on the Friday night for setting up and it gave people a chance for a catch-up chat while they set up tables even if co-organiser Vicky Stonebridge's voice was already failing her - she would eventually give up the struggle, turn her ID badge around and write "Sorry I have lost my voice" on it.
Sound on sound recording- Les Paul
Matthew 6:24 tells us as we read the words of the Lord: “No man can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.”
*Respect
Yet your words cannot escape the jar
3.witches eye
I was really impressed with the opacity of Lady Luck. It only took me 2 coats to reach a fully opaque look! In these pictures, I am wearing a thick coat of Seche Vite to smooth everything out.
Is not the cup of blessing which we bless a sharing in the blood of Christ? Is not the bread which we break a sharing in the body of Christ?
I couldn’t begin straight away – I was busy writing another novel, The Fool’s Girl, so my J & J Project had to wait. I can’t write two things at once. What I can do, however, is a bit of research. I discovered that François Truffaut based the film on a novel by fellow French writer, Henri-Pierre Roché. The novel was out of print; Truffaut found it in a secondhand bookshop. The serendipitous nature of that discovery further intrigued me and seemed to confirm that this would be a good thing to do. I got hold of Truffaut’s screenplay, then Roche’s novel (thank goodness for AbeBooks). The screenplay is very close to the book and I particularly liked the voiceover. I would have loved to write my book in the same terse, elliptical style as Roché’s novel but didn’t think the Y.A. market was quite ready for that. I discovered that the novel was semi autobiographical: an account of the love triangle between Roche, the artist Marcel Duchamp, and American artist, Beatrice Wood. Or maybe between Roché, Franz Hessel and Helen Grund – Roché seems to have put himself about a bit. All fascinating stuff and certainly material for a historical novel set in the Paris of the period, peopled by writers and artists. Think of the research opportunities…
Dave Davies Tears of a clown UK
I have lost sight of that, and something tells me that if I stop worrying about how to make myself happy, and my brother, and rest of my family...
You can contact me direct on 0428418226 or email me andrewhalsallphotography@gmail.com
The other reason I would say he’s on to something is that Jillian, being a woman, is more personally aware of women’s problem areas. Not everyone has the same build, body composition or problem areas, granted, but I think most of us are painfully aware of the bulge of fat that tends to happen right along the line of our bra straps. Am I right? I myself have the most problems with my weight settling on my hips and thighs and in my arms and lower belly. It dawned on me this morning as I was pushing through my workout that the non-cardio workouts really focus in on the areas that I want to change. (Yes, I do want my entire body to be toned.) Today was a “back of body” workout and my outer thighs are still feeling the burn. I’ve dpne a couple of the P90X workouts and they definitely hit the entire body as well, but the weights and bands are used more to bulk up(or so it seems), which is more like a guy goal. I don’t want to build a ton of muscle, I want to tone the crap out of the muscle I’ve already got.
Our living room is long and rectangular and has a bank of windows on one side that make it difficult for some arrangements. Also, we have three vents in the room, which we try to not to cover up with furniture. We have a dog that covers the vents enough as it is.
Open: Winner – LSUTV (Loughborough Poker)/ Highly Commended – QMTV (QMTV News)
1 medium size onion, chopped
So what if:
Tomorrow will be a new day.
fast forward to this year where (i feel) theBalm has expanded and gotten more well known in the beauty world. i blame the "cast your shadow palette" (aka the muppet palette, which i got...debating if i will put up a post on it or not...there are so many already).
It helps to have a friend in terror. I was genuinely excited when Sue informed me that she was about as high as she wanted to go that night, and maybe in her life.....so we just waited patiently on the deck for the rest of her family, gazing up at the 2/3 of the tower we would NOT be visiting and taking terror shots of each other.
image:digitalart/freedigitalphotos.net
That's what happened during the rush hour one evening in December of 1990. I picked up three men in business attire - suits and overcoats - on the west side of Midtown who wanted to go to a restaurant across town, a ten to fifteen minute haul, depending on traffic. Two of them got in the back and the other, a somewhat older gentleman, perhaps in his '70s, sat up front with me. I owned my own cab in those days and it had no partition (I hate them), so it made for a more comfortable fit for the three of them to seat themselves this way. The two in the rear could move around easily and the lack of a Plexiglas obstruction made conversation from front to back no problem for all three of them.
Location: Arco della Pace, Milan
I love being with Mango to take care of her, to brush her and to treat her well.
In this strangely precocious spring, it is the sycamores that have galloped ahead of the other trees (can a tree gallop?) in putting out their leaves. While the limes and oaks have a light green mist over their branches and the beeches are still deciding whether to start, the sycamores look as if it’s June already. These photos were taken on the last day of March.
Thinking of the 'might have been',
Any else seeing some FUN teenage years in our future??
I have started looking forward to ironing.
Wishing everyone a wonderful week ahead.
#2.I’m a big fan of going to the cinema, reading and listening to music.
Keep checking back for more samples from the other Design Team members, and I'll be back in a few days. Thanks for stopping by, Judith xx
When I was to be married, Grandma made us a yellow tied quilt, as a shower gift. So typical of a grandmother. For our wedding, she gave me this beautiful pitcher and glasses:
But my favorite has to be "Missing in Action" by Jim Eanes &His Shenandoah Valley Boys. It's the story of a soldier who was wounded in battle, left for dead and taken prisoner by the enemy. But the narrator escapes and makes it home. Nobody was home, but when he goes in he finds a wedding photo -- his wife had married another guy. He then finds a letter to the Mrs. from the Army saying that her first husband was missing in action and presumed dead. The sad soldier doesn't want to spoil his wife's happiness, so he decides just to move along without letting his wife know he's still alive.
She didn’t care that he was fat really. Neither did Dexter. The two of them needed this daily ritual. She loved to spoil him and he loved to eat. He swallowed his food quickly without really chewing it. It didn’t even taste good it mostly just felt good. It was more like an esophageal massage than a dinner.
Today I'll leave with you two videos...cause I love these guys twice as much as your average SXSW band...
God only wants intimacy with us, yet we are often too preoccupied with the desires of our hearts, whether they are godly or not, and it steals away the abundance of His presence.
All vendor proceeds and donations go to the school. Stop by!
Industry executives at the SAE conference returned repeatedly to their concerns about how much consumers are willing to pay for fuel-saving technology and how ready they are to accept cars that behave differently because of new systems to curb gas-guzzling.
But then something different happened. The phone became a utility device for every thing from listening to music to working on your emails on the move. It became fashionable and cool to have a high end phone with all the features something which Samsung and Apple began offering through their Galaxys and iPhones. But I wasn’t interested. Obviously if I didn’t need these features, why should I buy an expensive phone? Moreover I had always heard that other phones were much less user friendly than Nokia. I also wasn’t a big fan of too much technology. And so I never felt the need to even try my luck.
on some rocks. i hung up dreamcatchers on all 4 bedposts & thanked
Here's my favorite part! The baby bathtub, haha. No really, I love my new sink and faucet with no mysterious grime. Even better, the cabinet below it doesn't smell like an old folks home.
Let us use the example that there is movement and bleed-through between your various energy levels. So it is within the angelic realms. There is movement. We are not restricted. Do we stick to our jobs, to our mission, to our service, to our One? Of course. But every now and then there is one, or two, or twenty, or twenty million, that say, “You know, we would really like to try this.” And off they go.
Shahrukh, who had landed in the US to visit the Yale University, was detained at the airport for two long hours. Though he was later released, the incident provoked almost a mini-war between the US and India. Enraged by the event, the Indian government along with many Bollywood celebrities expressed their rage and disapproval through various media.
Base - NARS Sheer Glow 'Santa Fe'
They still calling me names, but I knew mine, and the same is
39. Thee Headcoats - It Aint Mine
He's come to save the day
Biped/ quadraped play-dough animal tracks: I thought it would be fun to make and sort animal tracks! The great thing about this activity was that I set out all the supplies and when my daughter got to the table she exclaimed: "Mom! Let's make animal tracks!" I love it when she "comes up" with a prescheduled activity. It makes it seem so child-directed. :)
By the way, if you haven't seen the video we posted yesterday, you have to watch it!!! It is perfect for anyone who has a love of books. I teared up. And it's being nominated for an Oscar! Check it out--you won't regret it.
She has worked with the United Nations as the Police Advisor to the Secretary General, in the Department of Peace Keeping Operations. She has represented India at the United Nations, and in International� forums on crime prevention, drug abuse, police and prison reforms and women’s issues.
For instance, if you update your status with 'Just went to McDonald's', and ad for McDonald's will pop up. And if you write, 'Can't believe my wife has been fucking my brother', an ad for McDonald's will pop up. And if you write 'I would dearly love someone to contact me about the latest deals on rubberware, gimp masks and cock-plugs', an ad for McDonald's will pop up.
The other day, I received a comment on my blog from Mandy_Fish who wrote,
Use every container you have to pack other things. I bought a bunch of storage boxes from IKEA to store different craft and computer things in, and they were never filled to the brim, but you can bet they are now with little knick-knacks that really had no place and my 4x6 pictures frames that I didn't feel like putting in a box.
2 – Shim’on the Just was one of the last survivors of the Great Assembly. He used to say: On three things the world stands: on the Torah, on Divine Worship, and on acts of loving-kindness.
I am going to follow those orders right along with her.
If the mandate is stricken, even the reform’s supporters say the law would be undermined and could be scrapped. Health insurers demanded the mandate in exchange for universal coverage, which is a basic building block for the reform.
Not just huge, but you grappled with the idea of winning a half a billion dollars—and how you would ‘spend’ that money.
The move would protect the dignity of women, the president added.
My blog is not a reflection on my day to day life, it is purely a crafty, creative space. Sometimes I might mention something or other about what's happening in my life or write a post with photo's of a nice place we've been but not that much. I don't want my blog to be a diary as such, I want it to be place where I am inspired and where I inspire others I hope! Of course most of the things I make are for my children but that doesn't make me this amazing mother! I'm just someone who really loves to make stuff and gets so much pleasure from the process of making- right from getting the idea, gathering the supplies, working out how to make it, and then seeing the joy on my kids faces when they get it/play with it. Being creative and sharing ideas is such a part of me and I get so much pleasure from it.
The move came even as the portal claimed that it had absolved itself from such practices, after the government disallowed airlines from participating in such schemes.
For this post, let me just tell you what I've been up to the past few weeks, okay? I'll only talk about the significant events.
Ostensibly a dystopia, though we'll remain spoiler-free, the tale is set in recent-past England, and it's a typical look at lost love and wistful childhood memories that abound in other films about the English being bad at love: Atonement springs immediately to mind, with the same country manor setting for a love triangle that goes on for the characters' entire lives. Though another Ishiguro adaptation, Remains of the Day, is also very similar.
Linda.
Here is the recipe I am using:
Good news from across the pond, sadly tainted by threats and bogus allegations of antisemitism. First the good news from Ha'aretz:
Yesterday I reported on the stabbing of white truck driver Nick Stokes by members of a black motorcycle gang called the Outcasts of Alabama. It's not merely a scary story but also an unusual one, mostly because of the behavior of law enforcement. The Adamsville, AL police department not only failed to question or detain any of the gangsters, but, outrageously, also told Stokes that they "don't mess" with the Outcasts.
At what cost should they get their work noticed?
Sometimes people who retire in mid-year already have earned more than the yearly earnings limit. That is why there is a special rule that applies to earnings for one year, usually the first year of retirement. Under this rule, you can get a full Social Security check for any whole month you are retired, regardless of your yearly earnings.
I figure my next step is to look at the causes of my slump and decide how I can address them so they don’t eat away at my motivation and ambition. I have to keep my problems in mind though (like balancing spending and saving) so I don’t get carried away trying to think up innovative ways to move large, cold air masses away from southern Ontario.
08 Dec – Women’s Circle, Delft
Had another wedding shower!! I mean seriously, it's my life these days! Not that I don't love them, I do... but some people I tell are astonished when I told them I was having 5 showers. Well, I know someone that had 11! Yes, ELEVEN. Was there even anything left on the registry?!?!
* Took a trip to Moab with Michele, Linda, and Shanine
Difficulty: 1 (out of 5)
WILLIAM CLEAVE Alderman of
I am still trying to figure out how to do that.
I am tired of playing phone tag
– NCAA bids: 0
Disdain for the law
I only ever encountered that a couple of other times. Once was with Matthew Kelly and the other was with the late Frank Carson, who also sadly died this week.
But overall, Lovers has the sunny, get-with-the-program naivete of a war-bond rally put on by enthusiastic college kids who are into leather. Directed by Jack Presley, Lovers is nothing if not affirmative.
I woke up one Monday morning after a lovely weekend away with the family feeling slightly out of sorts.
9. Trees
20 ml Monin Passion fruit puree
Then we have the statements of Janet Laird, the Garbage Poobah, promising the compost plant problems would be solved in a week and full production would commence by the end of the money, and oops that was a Freudian slip.
5. My guilty pleasure show is The Hills.
Ok so I didn't fix it when I got home but I'll get it now.
Like so many other local families, I’ve been watching the news out of each Framingham School Committee meeting as eagerly as episodes of Mad Men.
Is a golden sky
The Hawks investigators have not interviewed Malema on the matter yet. On Saturday, Malema confirmed that he was not interviewed by the Hawks. “They must come and interview me. Ratanang, they will talk what? There is no problem. Ratanang has declared its taxes since inception without failure,” he said.
Although they will report on matters of crime and government corruption, and their reporting may at times appear to be anti-government, Naspers is extremely cautious when they report on matters that have a direct bearing on the true nature and true character of South Africa’s Marxist-Communist Rulers, and the people who brought them to power.
"My name is Corina Mitchell (39) and I live in Chula Vista, California, about 10 minutes from Tijuana Mexico. I am super happily married to Jim (Fire Captain) for 15 years we have three awesome kids; Victoria (10), Nathan (7), Hunter (4). For the last three years, I have had the opportunity to stay home in a full time capacity. This has allowed me to actively participate in my children education and extracurricular activities. I truly love being a stay at home mom and I am grateful everyday. Three years ago I left my 16 year retail career with Coach and found CTMH through a search on Google. I joined a club and loved every piece of paper and every tool instantly. I have been a part time consultant for about eight months and have enjoyed meeting a lot of new friends and being part of such a wonderful community. This past year, I have taken my art work to a new level and I feel so empowered when I see the reactions on my clients faces when I show them how to duplicate my layouts, that their reaction is reward enough. This past year, I have also created a partnership with diverse local artist in San Diego. My other passions are Yoga, cycling and reading."
I will redeem all this on Percy's head
Oh, and Bill and I will be giving an illustrated talk: 'The Secret Stories of Cider: A journey around the world's most misunderstood drink'. It's going to be an update of where we've got to, the adventures we've had so far. As such, it's an absolutely exclusive opportunity to hear extracts form one of my next books months, if not a year or more, before publication - I've never done this before. But better than that, it'll be illustrated by Bill's wonderful photography, which I'm really not doing justice to here:
Self-imposed starvation and self-induced vomiting have likely existed since the beginning of humanity. Although the criteria are often whitewashed away beneath varying “motivations”—all pointing at temporally-relevant social trends—a glance through the history of fasting reveals that what we now call anorexia nervosa has existed as long as medical notes have been made, and likely much longer. Ancient Greek texts comment on deliberate fasting; the Romans engaged in periods of bingeing and purging (although the “vomitorium” myth is unfounded). In the middle ages, women of the church took asceticism to extreme levels, abstaining from food in what was known as anorexia mirabilis: miraculous lack of appetite. At first these women were revered for their spiritual power and piety, but eventually the church began to disapprove of the visibly dangerous practice of extended fasting.
Of course I probably have a heated reaction because I'm stalling in my second rewrite of a whole goddamn book on the subject, but there you go.
oh sweet iPhone!
“Marge let me see that needle... I want to see it!”
They have somehow managed not to notice what has long been apparent to anyone who has taken a short walk with his eyes open down any frequented British street: that a considerable proportion of the country’s young population (a proportion that is declining) is ugly, aggressive, vicious, badly educated, uncouth and criminally inclined.
It was pretty cheap at $10 or $20. I had to think fast. Mum had the station wagon out in the car park, I could buy the mattress, and get it home. I could cut the wonderful fabric off with a knife and drop the mattress off to the tip and nobody could get upset about could they? Or was that just nuts?!
I knew I had read something with an answer to my question about cross training and miles, but didn't remember specifics so I did another search last night.
Personally, I see that as the first step in restoring track and field in this country – bringing a “legend” back into the fold. I say first step because in one respect USATF got it right with their outrageous job description for the CEO position. All that is mentioned within it is necessary to bring to the table to restore the sport to glory in this country. The problem is that “Superman” doesn’t exist – there is no single person that would ever fit that job description. So looking for “The One” based upon that is a failed process before it begins. However, broken up into a set of parts, it could be actualized – the first step being to secure a “legend” and adding just the right “parts” to the equation.
The menu is going to focus on fresh, seasonal items. The one menu item Ryan was excited about is rabbit pot pie. I don't know if I've ever mentioned my anti-pot pie stance (too much like a casserole), but the inclusion of rabbit, an underutilized meat, has me curious. I love rabbit and I can't wait to eat some. They're looking to open the Rieger Hotel Grill and Exchange and Manifesto near Thanksgiving. No date has been set, when they're ready to open, they'll open.
The network for rolling out Airtel’s 4G LTE services in the city had been built by Chinese telecom equipment maker ZTE. Airtel is the first mobile operator to launch 4G services in the country. Bharti Airtel has already awarded the contract for building and operating its 4G network in Maharashtra to Nokia Siemens Networks.
and yet so very very far away.
of grace and easy connection with the world, is something of
Enough said.
dimension. All the stars are opening
Noodle soup is also extraordinarily flexible. Really all one needs is a broth and noodles, everything else is gravy. The broth can be as simple as salted water although I think we would all prefer a bit more flavor. So, as long as you have noodles you can have noodle soup. The following is a recipe to make a bowl of bright, flavorful noodles. There is no reason to follow it verbatim. If you don’t have or do not like an ingredient omit or substitute it with something else.
The next morning it was cool and windy. We decided to pay extra for the guided tour at Seal Bay and were very glad we had. The guide was very knowledgeable and we got a lot more from the experience. The animals are actually Australian Sea Lions and have a very different life cycle from the NZ fur seals who live up the road in Flinders Chase. They are the most endangered pinniped and are not flourishing, perhaps due to decreased food supplies. They have a gestation of about 12 months after about 6 months delayed implantation and feed for about 18 months until just before the next pup. Pup mortality is quite high. NZ fur seals pup every 12 months at consistent times. After the tour we went along the board walk to see the whale skeleton. On the way home we drove in to have a look at Vivonne Bay, which was smaller and more isolated than we expected. We went to a lovely cafe/gallery nearby called Rustic Blue which had toys and a lovely feel.
Here’s my final product. It’s small item with a lot of power for me. I always wanted to know how Flash worked and these lessons have sparked my interest to learn more about the product. Click on the link or image to see what I learned.
I could wax eloquent about the joys of motherhood but that’s been done to death so I thought I’d concentrate on “the things we do for love”, for our children. And I’m not talking about providing food and shelter and other necessities. No, I’m talking about those occasional deviant behaviours that mothers (and fathers, too) sometimes display. These behaviours may occur in response to pleas from our children. Or they may be personal behaviours which we usually hide from general view but which are more socially acceptable when in the company of your child. For instance, when Jeremy was little, and he and I were alone in the car, I would play Bat out of Hell at extreme volume on the pretext of introducing him to rock n’ roll. But the truth of the matter is, I loved to crank it up and sing along (with the windows up of course!). Or he would beg me to stay up with him to watch X-Files, which aired past both our bedtimes. And, most of the time, I could be talked into it – not that it was that difficult since I loved the show too! And speaking of aliens, we have on occasion been known to drive over to the Dobbin transformer station at night to watch for UFOs ’cause, you know, they hang around power stations!
roused by the divine taste of the sea.
I have never voted Tory, but I know how Tories think. It is because of that word, and because they do not yet have to confront the consequences of the greatest betrayal our nation has ever seen, they can contemplate voting for a man who would sack any member of his team expressing support for that great and rare Tory, Enoch Powell's views on immigration. This despite the fact that, within a generation from now, when Tory England has finally suffered the results of their actions, as they surely will, a Tory voter who does not support Powell's views on immigration will be a rarity indeed.
Under the name Shelley Shepard Gray, Shelley writes Amish romances for HarperCollins’ inspirational line, Avon Inspire. Her recent novel, The Protector, the final book in her “Families of Honor” series, hit the New York Times List, and her previous novel in the same series, The Survivor, appeared on the USA Today bestseller list. Shelley has won the prestigious Holt Medallion for her books, Forgiven and Grace, and her novels have been chosen as Alternate Selections for the Doubleday/Literary Guild Book Club. Her first novel with Avon Inspire, Hidden, was an Inspirational Reader’s Choice finalist.
I thought it was also really cute that the heroine reads paranormal romance novels and she fell asleep once while reading a previous book in this series. HA! Cute!
Gross, but true. My fever finally broke this afternoon, so I'm hoping that tomorrow I will be feeling well enough to maybe actually get stuff done and clean up. Until then I'm going to stay on the couch and catch up on some TV and movies.
Attach button to tab and sew to opposite side of hat.
Shorts: Studded Dye Shorts- Imbue
for all twelve of your notecards!
Because the agents have also been guarding Mitt Romney, they have also learned that they should not be supporting bailouts of Colombian prostitutes with the taxpayers money.
had endured as a young Marine & Soldier. Basically, no welcome home!
Donations can be dropped off Wednesday through Sunday from 12-6 p.m.at Happy Tails, 6001 Folsom Blvd. Or you can go to Petsmart located at Watt Avenue and Arden Way, Saturday and Sunday from 10 a.m.-4 p.m.
From calling and canceling their gigs, to trying to get them arrested for stealing their own equipment, it's getting under Randi's skin more than Kelvin, her sexy jerk of a lead guitar player.
Set during the Japanese occupation of China, the film has some of the most incredible Martial Arts choreography I’ve ever seen. The cinematography is lovely and the story is great. This one’s got it all folks.
I haven't heard the new (2011) mini album released by the other English Dogs (original members from the 82/83 era, who are reviving the punk branch of English Dogs). A mix of both bands gave birth to the excellent non-metal 90s albums, check out the excellent punk rock of All The World's A Rage. Of course, the throne belongs to the 84/87 classics that I still worship as much as Kill'Em All, Dem Bones and Hell Awaits. The time masheen strikes again!
When I tried to find out the meaning of the name or backstory on why they gave their son that name, I found out that Kenichi means "Healthy and Strong". All they wanted was for their child to be healthy and strong, which is the reason for that name. Kenichi is healthy and strong- what more could parents want? We haven't seen Kenichi since he was just a baby, so I'm sure he's much bigger now!
Thanks so much for stopping by and I have a great rest of the day! Tomorrow I'm going to use another stamp set that I just recently purchased so be sure to check back again.
Dynamics. Cellists go all over with their dynamics. When they see pianissimo on the page, they go for it with full bows, closed eyes, rocking back and forth in their chairs, wide vibrato– and all this time they’ve been playing forte. When it’s fortissimo, they play forte as well. Their dynamic contrast is virtually nonexistent at best and completely nonexistent at worst. What can we, the true musicians in the orchestra, do to fix this? Con sordino. When our friends the cellists aren’t looking– while they’re watching the clock and their watches by turns to see if one is slow, or when they’re telling their friends about the latest video game– slip the little mute up and over their bridge. They won’t notice a difference; they’ll have their eyes closed. The orchestra and audience will notice, however.
Now I am smart but not entirely, what I got from this was that foetuses are by default female. Then the Y chromosome sets to work after a while and then the foetus becomes male.
I am just writing one intro post right now for both of my blogs because I am on a short break at work. Now, if I had and IPHONE, I could do it from there…lol. But since I don’t, this will have to do till later tonight.
Following Christ’s trail into Kashmir, 40km south of Srinagar, between the villages of Naugam and Nilmge is a meadow called Yuz-Marg (the meadow of Yuz Asaf, ie. Jesus). Then there is the sacred building called Aish Muqam, 60km south east of Srinagar and 12km from Bij Bihara. “Aish” says Kersten is derived from “Issa” and “Muqam” place of rest or repose. Within the Aish Muqam is a sacred relic called the ‘Moses Rod’ or the ‘Jesus Rod’, which local legend says, belonged to Moses himself. Christ is said to also have held it, perhaps to confirm his Mosaic heritage. Above the town of Srinagar is a temple known as “The Throne of Solomon”, which dates back to at least 1000BC, which King Gopadatta had restored at about the same time as Christ’s advent. The restoration was done by a Persian architect who personally left four inscriptions on the side steps of the temple. The third and fourth inscription read: “At this time Yuz Asaf announced his prophetic calling in Year 50 and 4″ and “He is Jesus — Prophet of the Sons of Israel”! Herein lies a powerful confirmation of Kersten’s theory. Kersten suggests that Christ may have travelled to the South of India also, finally returning to Kashmir to die at the age of approximately 80 years. Christ’s tomb, says Kersten, lies in Srinagar’s old town in a building called Rozabal. “Rozabal” is an abbreviation of Rauza Bal, meaning “tomb of a prophet”. At the entrance there is an inscription explaining that Yuz Asaf is buried along with another Moslem saint. Both have gravestones which are oriented in North-South direction, according to Moslem tradition. However, through a small opening the true burial chamber can be seen, in which there is the Sarcophagus of Yuz Asaf in East-West (Jewish) orientation!
Me: Well, you said that pretty fast.
After a successful 2010 campaign spanning the Le Mans series, Le Mans 24 Hour, and inaugural running of the Intercontinental Cup, French team OAK Racing has recently unveiled it’s plans for the 2011 season.
The following are excerpts from a statement by Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on January 7, 2010, and a response by PA Minister of Religious Endowments Mahmoud Al-Habbash, which aired on PA TV on January 12, 2010.
Each recipe such as Chicken Stew with Red Wine Sauce, Kenny's Spicy Crab Cakes, Meditteranean Stuffed Chicken, Steak with Sweet Onion Relish, Sweet Potato Pancakes with Maple Syrup and Cinnamon, Eggplant and Tomato Stackers, Pasta with Sausage, Red Peppers & Herbs include a shopping list with the dollar amount of the ingredients need to make the recipe. The recipes are also showcased with superb photography.
Since having a mild increase to our monthly income we made the most assume decision to add a vehicle to the family. This additional vehicle will allow the kids and I to be more social and to enjoy a few extra beach days a month :) As a true believer in letting my husband be Wild at Heart (read the book by the way!!!) that vehicle would be a motorcycle. Many people were disappointed in our choice to buy a motorcycle, but most people do not realize how rural our island is. We have one traffic light in our town (which really is not even necessary) and between our condo and Joshua's work, he hits 2 traffic lights...so not many dangers there!!
God told me not to.
Besides working on our little homestead, I have been caring for my Dad. He broke his kneecap two weeks ago and has been having quite a bit of pain with that and since he is a very stubborn and independent man, he is definitely not taking care of it as he should. I am very thankful that my children are all close by and able to help keep him company.
The arrival of Hogan-Howe, combined with the welcome downfall of Ali Dizaei, may put an end to this pattern.
As time went on we learnt that along with his brain damage Cameron had lost all of his hearing in his right ear. His right eye wandered, he had Global Developmental Delay and Dyspraxia. However worse than all of that is the epilepsy which has nearly taken his life so many times in the last fifteen years that I have lost count and every time he has a seizure he usually loses abilities which he has learnt since the last seizure.
His strange precautions, and the way he spoke.
3. Ladies only: If your father, husband and brother decided that, regardless of your wishes, you did not need access to birth control or abortion services, because marriage should, after all, be about procreation, would you be nonchalant about this?
as all flesh
Here is my version I like my cookies soft and I thought the graham cracker cookie would soften from baking (like the Oreos from the slutty brownie) but they remained crunchy. This is great if you love a crunchy cookie.
But it will be blog hop style!!!! Double yeah!!!
Sweet Potato Curry
IT Marketing: Judgement Somebody Lists
So now I'm tired of this shit. I didn't want to get the woman fired, I just don"t like the fact that they took money out with out my approval. so I called the bank. Turns out the BANK MANAGER was the one that did all this and wasn't in trouble at all. I explained my issue, told her I didn't feel comfortable and I understand that she was trying to help my sister. So we discussed the issue. Told her to leave the money in my sisters account because I don't want to deal with her.
I thought about putting a couple of larger plates on the shelf but then I would be overlapping them and I'd like to see the entire plate.
But I look forward to that satisfaction I always get, the freshness of everything, the "good" tiredness I feel from a hard day of cleaning. Yes, I look forward to cleaning and I look forward to being done! And I'm sure that after I'm done spring cleaning, I will be SO ready to get back to sewing! Wish me luck!
With all this talk of syptoms and medication it is easy to forget about Mike himself. The book does very a good job of showing who mike was/is rather than treating him as a patient and it is evident here that that it is personal for the author.
I promise, Carter, just hang on.
The book opens,
So, tell me.
I'm reminded again here of William Burroughs's extraordinary and haunting suggestion, from his novel The Ticket That Exploded, that, beneath the surface of the earth, there is "a vast mineral consciousness near absolute zero thinking in slow formations of crystal." Here, though, it is a mineral seam, or ribbon of heavy metal—a riff of uranium—that stirs itself awake in a regularized cycle of radiative insomnia that disguises itself as a planet. Brainrock.
We were saddened by this.
Part of my summer project is to help my Dad lose some weight. I have already set him up with a calorie calculator, switched him up from white bread to whole wheat, and added more fruits and veggies to his diet. I’m also going to help get him walking our dog more often.
blank stare
The police are being turned into a race-gestapo. Judge Mapherson began his investigation into the murder of Stephen Lawrence prejudiced against the police. With his mind already made up, he used British law as social engineering to mould the police into an anti-racist thought-police.
Of course this technique won't work with most stories, but the idea is not to stick a bomb in every character's pocket, it's to add tension in a way that fits with your story.
In short, it's exactly the sort of idiocy one would expect from a none-too-bright wanna be academic with no actual experience in these matters.
It’s a gaudy affair…with a stained-glass hummingbird hovering over a fluted red reservoir of sugar water with crystals hanging to the left and the right. It isn't something I would normally buy, but I went to that blasted annual "Garden Walk" in Buffalo and have been buying garden kitsch ever since. It hangs over the front porch, and I have not seen a hummingbird within miles. Quite frankly, I have never actually seen a hummingbird; I take everyone's word that they actually exist though I can't positively confirm it…sort of like the lunar landing. So it hangs, gently swaying in the breeze, attracting nothing.
Action Needed: Contact U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack and urge him to reject any application to operate a horse slaughter facility in the U.S.
Like this post? Please share on Twitter and Facebook!
"What do you know about life? You deal in lies, treachery, and death. Life? You promise life but in the end it will be life that defeats you."
I've lost sight of love.
3. I'll Go Ridin' Down That Old Texas Trail
I am a board member on my children's school board. We are a very sweet 230ish kid K-8 public charter Montessori school. Well, our school burned down. Since then, we have been feverishly working to locate a new home, deal with insurance, order supplies, mobilize parent groups, etc.... the list is never ending. It has been a heartbreaking, and equally moving, time. I am touched by the commitment, dedication and love that the parents and staff express, and the kindness and support of our community as we attempt to pull ourselves up and rebuild.
fair share of taxes/excessive taxes
2 different 2-color flower stickers
Under raging sea
My headache has returned and I'm taking the painkillers again along with two tranquilizers a day to help relax me. The area around my right eye is hurting too and it seems to me that my eye hurts also. I do definitely have to wear my glasses and I can't cheat and only wear them now and then. It's too much of an adjustment to take them off and later put them on again. It's always something...
Granted, I am not always happy or proud of each and every one of my behaviors however, I own what I say and I own what I do. Nothing to be embarrassed about there.
I had felt somewhat upset at being punished, but did not dread the punishment itself. This, in itself was weird. I kept saying, "it will be fine," but my friends insisted on trying to comfort me as if I was being particularly brave. The repeat offenders were shaking their little heads sadly, as if doubtful that I would escape alive from this calamity.
10:41 am train
~One of the big parts of living into the changes has been learning to live all by myself. In some ways I don't mind it. I'm an introvert and after work sometimes all I want is some quiet time. But I've discovered that I really miss having kids at home with me. I was never a helicopter parent, never one to call my kids alot when they were away, and never expected to suffer from any sort of "empty nest" thing, but now that they are all out of the house, I really miss them.
The Labour Party is out in force!
The Guardian tells us the girls were forced to strip naked, raped vaginally and orally, burned, cut with knives, hit with a metal pole and told repeatedly that they would be murdered. At times some of the men would ask Thomas for permission to do things, asking if they could burn or stab the girls. He gave that permission, saying ‘Yes, go on, I don’t care. It’s too late now. Nobody is going to help them now.’“
Then the beast lurched to attention, its legs in pounce position. I'd seen cats do that very thing before they attacked!
Once I saw that smile, I breathed again, knowing that I had definitely made the right choice for my baby girl’s upcoming wedding celebration.
12. “Berkoff on His Soapbox”, Leeds Student, 18th February 2000, p.12.
I do not endorse the Ninja … I simply have one, I use it and I like it. Also, in case you have more questions about my smoothie obsession, you can blame No Meat Athlete
Romanian tourist now has his chance to schedule a vacation in his country.
Kevin Blais bought the 2004 Ford Crown Victoria in an online auction from the Hartford, Conn., public works department.
My response? I kinda sorta.. well... I selfishly wanted to go on my walk. I wanted to talk to my friends about what we'd experienced so far that day.
I asked Steven to start filling the birth pool and our tap fitting broke. I was trying not to get in the shower because I didn’t want to waste the hot water. But once I realised how long it was going to take to fill the pool and felt that the contractions were getting closer together I decided to jump in the shower. The contractions were coming every minute by this stage. I really needed the water for pain relief now.
Tell us about Margaret Reyes Dempsey.
The incident happened on August 25th when security were screening passengers with a millimetre wave advanced imaging technology machine. It was there when the TSA officials noticed a little extra in the passenger’s pants.
We lost the Vandalia Dunes to the Gateway Mall. Let's make sure that Four Sparrow Marsh does not suffer the same fate."
So …. Animal Lovers everywhere, spread the word. 10% of all sales AND 100% of anything donated beyond the price of the book will be given to the animal shelter.
to protect the house of books with ferocity;
Ranking: Maybe just a Pot.
I have been thinking a lot lately about how we part company, and why. My Wiccan tradition has two new covens forming in the local area. My daughter is moving out into her first real apartment on her own, with no intention of ever moving back. I have been through two divorces with two very different outcomes.
So it’s off to Vulcan and Spock, busy lying in his room like a teenage girl who just got dumped, even tries to make nice with Chapel in a moment that sets up … absolutely nothing. Seriously, she just walks into his room and watches him sleep. (Because they don’t have locks on their doors on the Enterprise, and because Kirk apparently doesn’t think he should tell Miss Lonely Hearts to stay away from Spock when he’s so hormonally/matrimonially imbalanced – dear God, Kirk, she specially prepared him some soup! Don’t you know what she’s capable of?!?!?) Spock decides to talk to her only once she’s turned to leave (because it’s more dramatic that way), and tells her, “I think I’ll have some of that soup.”
Life in those days was a “numbers game”. One of the Bible’s earliest edicts, a theme repeated through the Old Testament, was to “be fruitful and multiply”. If your tribe was numerically stronger than those around it, then good things would flow from that dominance.
And sadly, this box is still patiently sitting in my garage awaiting its new home in scrap metal heaven, because this is not the kind of stuff you can just dump in your garbage can for the next trash day.
Questions fill my mind
Roaming is a very high roaming rates. It is difficult to sense if you have signed stipulates that you visit. There is the luxury vacation in italy in western Europe and has a different perspective of the luxury vacation in italy will use one or another of the luxury vacation in italy. These individuals have found this type of investment to be used in Italy. For instance, a large villa on the luxury vacation in italy can cost you a fraction of the ancient Etruscan civilization dominated the luxury vacation in italy from the luxury vacation in italy until the luxury vacation in italy from Gaul to the luxury vacation in italy for selection.
Egg-1
And for this larger than life shero of mine..........
Today, several states legislatures are dominated by Right-Wing Republicans who have agenda which imposes limits on liberty, through legislation meant to curtail, funding, medical, social, and other codes and laws by imposing religious or moral values on individuals; case in point women and birth control.
Have a wonderful, creative week my friends!
"Thankfulness opens the door to My Presence. Though I am always with you, I have gone to great measures to preserve your freedom of choice. I have placed a door between you and Me, and I have empowered you to open or close that door. There are many ways to open it, but a grateful attitude is one of the most effective."
5. I have been sewing, I think I finally figured out how to get some sewing done. It called " to hell with housework and cooking" and you know what I like it.
time of day: 6:30pm
Not his dirty drawers on our floor, not yet another note on the fridge door, that says, “Baby I’ll be home late. Don’t wait…
The verse continues in C major for a bit, but then shifts to a second section that starts on an F major chord. F, of course, is the IV chord in C major, but there's a sudden shift from diatonic to blues pentatonic melodicism, and the harmonic direction from here is once again uncertain. Amazingly, the F chord turns out to be a secondary dominant (V/V) in the song's other key center of Eb, with the chords then moving from F to Ab (IV) and then Eb (I).
He felt the rocks were too unsafe and the dust from playing soccer
one dimensional
We had a litre of quilmes between us and when it was time to go I asked for the bill. This is how it went; “La cuenta por favor” “Si treinta y sinco” (35) “TREINTA Y SINCO” “Si” “es una broma no?” (It’s a joke) but she was not laughing. I rarely ask the price in Buenos Aires, because in the main they are always fair. True some places are a bit more expensive but you can usually tell, there are clues like table cloths and posh waiters. But sitting outside on a rough balcony with tango dancers doubling as waiting on staff that does not count.
(thank you) (this is not medical) (this is not about our marriage)
So yes, you have to endure a few more pictures
Hi guys! I was cleaning my room just now and I thought maybe I should do a mini room tour. Like a really mini one. ^_^ Well, I would loveee loveee loveee to share with you my little cosy area, where I blog, makeup and stuffs like that. Heheheheh.
Warm-up: hardly needed
Howard Schwartz and Kristina Swarner, author and illustrator of Gathering Sparks, Barry Deutsch, author and illustrator of Hereville: How Mirka Got Her Sword, and Dana Reinhardt, author of The Things a Brother Knows are the 2011 winners of the prestigious Sydney Taylor Book Award.
And that is our duty. To remember them. All of them.
These guys are just plain pissed off with women because they’re branded losers by girls. They have no damn self confidence when it comes to matters of women, and they, quite frankly, don’t care. You see these guys plaguing cafes, clubs and shopping malls. They hang out, almost always with friends (for confidence and support), and stare at girls.
Ch 1. Make 24 Sc inside the ring. Join with Sl St to the first Sc.
And that applies to both how to make setting overnight most comfortable as well as produce the best results. Try a few different rollers to see which you sleep best in, how to set them, and what produces the best result for your hair. Its almost different for everyone. So you really do need to experiment. As a general rule, smoother rollers produce best results, but are also harder to wind and secure poorly for overnight. Here are some notes on a few types of rollers:
And I don't think that's what René had in mind. Maybe.
Cost so far: 101 gold
I first became aware of the book when I watched the film based on it. The excellence of Debra Granik’s adaption prompted me to seek out the original, and I finally managed to snatch up a copy at the library last week.
There is no way anyone can appreciate or understand what it’s like to become disabled in the blink of an eye—unless they’ve experienced it themselves. It affects not only claimants, but their family and friends as well. Their lives will never be the same—ever again. In addition to making sure the “i’s” are all dotted, your assistance can give your client an enormous psychological boost, taking comfort in knowing that you’re playing on the same team together.
For additional information about this event you can call the Inventors Assistance Program at 571-272-8850. To register by phone call the National Inventors Hall of Fame at 330-849-6903. To register on-line go to 11th Annual Independent Inventors Conference.
The only solution the father would accept was for the child to find a new home outside China, a promise Jim made without knowing how he would fulfill it. As I read this event that set Garrow on his mission, I found myself wondering if any stereotype of Chinese society had not been employed: the powerful husband and the submissive wife; the low societal and religious value placed on a girl's life; the smells and noises in the couple's apartment, the endless fear that neighbors would hear the conversation and report them to the authorities. I of course can't say that what Jim describes is impossible, but I can just say that my experience in observing my wife's urban family and thousands of couples through my own travels in China gives me the feeling that I am watching a "predictable" movie. Having located and interviewed many birth families of unregistered children, I have found the neighbors aware and accepting of the situation, even protective. I have found wives of urban couples to be assertive and active participants in matters of family business. I read Jim's account, and while possibly true, I find the lens through which he sees the event as Western, simplified, and largely unfamiliar.
Something clicked behind Gunthar’s eyes. “Your ship,” she repeated. “That reminds me. A message from Coruscant came in for you two a few hours ago. I forwarded it to your ship; your droid should have it ready when you board.”
Cookies (especially pumpkin chocolate chip)
I need to remind myself that even though they have heard us saying the same thing for over 150+ days, they will need to be hearing it again and again and again....even though I am about to go batty, up the wall, cray cray saying it! =) I need to remember to have a Heart of Patience.
When Mr. Rashid, who also tutors children, had his students learn yoga to help improve their concentration, three Muslim students quit after a few sessions, he said, in part, he believed, because of their families’ stance toward the practice. “I am putting them in something extra that is not in the Muslim religion,” he said. “The parents did not accept it.”
I did feel good about exercising, though. We got back home, kids were all doing great, and I took a shower. I made lunch for everyone, and at around 11:45am, Captain America and I headed out for our couples counseling session.
At 33 minutes, Alice Guy’s The Birth, the Life and the Death of Christ was a healthy length for the time, and probably more epic in feel for its 1906 French audience than it is for us. We might focus on its limitations: the fixed camerawork, typical of the era, and the deliberate stagecraft, which makes The Birth seem like a theatre production with a lens for an audience. God help the viewer who doesn’t know the story going in, since Guy bypasses considerable and complicated details to tell the story in pantomime. Worse, she makes Jesus boring. We never see his fabled throwdown with the moneylenders, or his admonition against those who would throw stones. In the absence of any dramatic tension (we all know how this ends), isn’t it the writer and/or director’s interpretation of Jesus that makes a film about him interesting? Guy, however, is content to depict—and the man she depicts is one-dimensional even by mytho-heroic standards.
paper crafts have brought line art to a whole new level - being dubbed
and concrete,
This brings me to myths, folklore, and mystical stories concerning language. There are plenty of stories about the invention of language, often imbedded within larger creation myths. What I found particularly fascinating is that the concept of the power of "the word" is basic to virtually all of the world's spiritual traditions.
Barnabas
“In a letter to FMCSA administrator Anne Ferro, David Parker, chairman of the MCSAC, said the agency should seek legal authority over entities that contribute to FMCSA safety violations. According to Parker, an undue detainment can cause drivers to violate hours of service rules.”
1. Intro (1:25)
Meanwhile, most assembled professors leveled vitriolic attacks against the team. One speaker claimed that Duke, as an institution, practiced drinking and rape, and the lacrosse incident reflected a University problem from the top down. Another suggested punishing the team by suspending lacrosse for three years and then making it a club sport. A third asserted that the team embodied the “assertion of class privilege” by all Duke students. A fourth called on the University to do something to help the “victim.”
It's strangely liberating writing this way. Knowing that if a reviewer says, “The book is simple and unoriginal...” I can say, “Thank you, that was what I was going for.”
I lean on the rose of Mary
I'm also pained that sometimes I lose sight, lose thoughts of you. I feel shame admitting it, that I get caught up in stupid softball turnout and boys I wish were men and those 15 measly pounds. I want to apologize for moving on. And I hate that I seem to everyone like I'm ok.
Just because I can't do much art at the moment doesn't mean I don't think about and buy art supplies LOL. Just look at this awesome stuff from the retrocafe that has come. The Vari-tone ink used with stencils or other things LOL gives graduated ageing spots...the more ink and heat the darker the aged look.
On Saturday, T brought us a bit of cash, bless him. I know it's in short supply for him, too, so I don't like to be bitchy (although I've been told I need to be bitchy...but tell water to be dry and see if you get a better result) about it.
I can’t come in and bring the healing salve that you need
Then they opened a hidden trapdoor in the ceiling, and hurling stones at the leader and his companions, struck them down. They dismembered the bodies, cut off their heads and tossed them to the people outside.
Well its been a long week … spring break has come along…and I somehow lost my mind somewhere a while back and scheduled my dental appointments over sprung break. That would be the very spring break that my kids have planned adventures that require me as chauffeur…. what ..was I thinking ?
Then Princess sang:-
Knowledge from the beginning of time
She needs release or just feels horny: Suggest a horror movie marathon. Being scared is physicologically arousing and in the right company this can turn into sexual arousal. After the movie she may find your glances and touches more erotically charged. Just choose your movies wisely. If she isn't into over-the-top-terror she'll be like me and watch it from under the covers. We went her to be turned on and charged up, not fearing for her life.
62. The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe - C.S. Lewis
Beware of the Dog
“Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.”-Psalm 30:5
Still… This is the 21st century. Whether we like it or not, technology is one of the building blocks of our modern society and can be such a blessing – if used for the right reasons, that is.
Horizon releases a show of oranges;
your existence all but forgotten
26. Where Now For Libya?, asks what the future for Libya now holds, given the reality of the material conditions existing within the society, and concludes that some form of Bonapartist regime is far more likely than a stable bourgeois democracy.
Dogfish Head Craft Brewery Immort Ale
The girls and I went to the boy's school last week to get another "training" session on using the PODD book with Peter. I still haven't found a way to incorporate it into life at home. They say he is doing great with it at school. He hates it when we bring the book out. So, I said, give me something small and manageable to start with. I can't just start this entire thing on my own. So, we're starting with it during meals. They ran through several scenarios with us.
Sometimes Dave and I just stand in there. And try to imagine how we'll fit two cribs in the room without covering up something awesome on the wall. But its a small room, so that might be impossible.
Silvia at Skinny Jeans Foods named these wonderful goodies Amaze Ballz and fittingly so. I enjoyed them at work for an afternoon pick me up and just two of them kept me satisfied until dinner. I brought a couple with me hiking for an energy boost and packed them in kids lunch boxes for a fun surprise.
Coach Tyson (right in picture) ran his first CBL tryout on Saturday and orchestrated a tough 2.5 hour practice. It was quickly noted that his experience is exactly what the team needs to brink a pro basketball winner to the Raleigh area. The Dream Center is a wonderful facility and everyone attending the tryout really enjoyed the action and the competition.
(Sisters = best friends and helpers)
They are the second guessers, the pre-judgers, the "I-wouldn't-have-done-it-that-way-ers." They are the the great un-accountables who produce nothing but hot air, nothing that lives and breathes, nothing that has an impact in the market. Nothing you can pin down. They come late to meetings and bring with them questions, never answers. They are suppository suppositionists. Always inserting doubt--never coalescing around conviction.
If the TTC wanted to generate some revenue here – they could even ad a section for events that can be travelled to via the TTC. Hmmmmmmm. Interesting!
While it is not required to use Our Daily Bread Designs images and sentiments on your creations, we would love to see them if you have them. As a way of recognizing those who do use Our Daily Bread Designs stamps, we will again be choosing 1 to 2 creations to spotlight for our Shining the Award. In order to qualify for this award, however, you must use Our Daily Bread stamps and have your submission added to Mr. Linky by Oct. 14th at 8 p.m. EST. If you upload your creations to SplitcoastStampers or any other online gallery, please use the keyword ODBDSLC79. When creating your posts on blogs please include a link to the challenge!
The prosecution were bringing in to evidence a video recording of one of the Congressmen at the hearing by playing the tape to the jury. However, he was talking about the evidence of the wife of one of Clemens’ former team-mates, evidence which the judge had already ruled as inadmissible. The tape should have been edited to remove this, and it had not been. The judge had no hesitation in declaring a mistrial and a hearing is due soon to determine if Clemens will again face trial on these charges.
I am still not even a bit hungry.....but I think I'm having mashed potato withdrawals.
We think you should see it.
Writer: Christopher Dodd
MANNY: On fire.
The little 3-d felt hearts were from a kids package of valentine decor from Michaels. Makes it less putzy when they are pre-made, and the whole package was only $2.99! Enjoy your weekend, ladies!
1 quart or more quality chicken stock or broth
love is a sickness
Image: Alota
Of particular importance is the following fascinating quotation from the film’s scriptwriter, Yuri Arabov, quoted by writer Yelena Andrusenko in her essay Faust or How Man Tempts the Devil: “Sokurov showed a tiny devil being pelted with giant stones. Compared to the evil incarnated in Faust, the devil looks like a fleck of dust on the cultural and mythological stage. And suddenly I realized that we made a film about a breakup between modern man and metaphysics as such. Compared to medieval people or people of the Renaissance, we are just a flat sheet of paper, because when we completely break away from metaphysics, we lose our spiritual essence. We may position ourselves as humanists or as Orthodox Christians. But our hearts are empty and devoid of love. I made a script about how a man tempts the devil, or pawnbroker, how the pawnbroker cooperates with the man, how the notions of duty and kindness change, and how, by striking a deal, the man betrays those notions. As long as the world is divided into the good and the evil, mankind is doomed to live with the Faust syndrome.”
Should I happen to find a larger frame at a yard sale someday ... it just might change!
In terms of biochemistry, it is not known exactly what triggers this highly complex motor program. Although it’s known that boredom or sleepiness can cause yawning, it has also been documented that certain changing colour patterns can induce yawning. People have also been observed to yawn when they are tensed, like soldiers before a parajump or musicians before a concert.
DreamCatcherIn The Sky is giving away this beautiful dreamcatcher with winners choice of
It’s a day full of campaigning for Mitt Romney in Michigan, his native state, as he looks for a victory in Tuesday’s GOP presidential primary against surging Rick Santorum.
CONCLUSION: I had completely forgotten the original A-Team series, even though I watched it religiously as a kid. I had even forgotten that it was a *comedy*-action series, not just an action series. I had forgotten who comprised the A-Team, too. All I knew was: Mr. T, military, action. It was great to be re-introduced to the A-Team concept on a 2010 big movie budget instead of a 1983 crappy TV-budget. There are some major badass moments in this movie (like “flying the tank”) comprised of tons of unrealistic, entertaining action sequences, as well as a lot of laughs that I was not expecting (because I’d forgotten the original series was also a comedy). The 3 of us watching this all loved it and were pleasantly surprised. No haters here!
According to ISRI, recycling one ton of steel conserves 2,500 lbs. of iron ore, 1,400 lbs. of coal and 120 lbs. of limestone, and the energy saved using recycled materials versus virgin materials is up to 58 percent for iron and steel, 92 percent for aluminum and 90 percent for copper. If the ferrous scrap that is recycled in the United States were put into rail cars, the train would stretch 11,349 miles, nearly halfway around the world.
Email: martinn@e-mail.ua
difficult time. I'll be back to myself soon, I hope.
What I am looking forward to: I still haven’t told my students… hah… so whenever that happens! And then of course my appointment in 10 days!
This morning when I came back from running,
A meaningless cage for twisted shades
In classic Orwellian style, the G20′s meeting in Cannes has a tagline. It is, ‘New world, new ideas’. It couldn’t be anything else really, could it? Somehow, while ‘New World, No Ideas’ would’ve been far more accurate, it wouldn’t inspire confidence. ‘Car-crash World, Help!’ would be more accurate still…but the same general rule applies.
'Well, OK!' says the man, going with the moment. She offers him the bottle, so he downs half of it and hands it back.
Publisher: Little, Brown & Co.
Forty-seven subjects with known skin sensitivity to pollen and/or house-dust were divided into five groups and tested with four strengths of allergen. The prick-test method was employed. In the first part of the investigation a group of unhypnotized subjects were compared with a group who had suggestions made under hypnosis that their skin reactions to the allergen would not occur when tested a second time. A significant diminution in the size of the weal was obtained in the hypnosis group at the lower two strengths of allergen. In the second part of the investigation the subjects were divided into three groups. All were hypnotized, no suggestions regarding skin reactions were given to one group, the second group were given suggestions that only on one arm would the skin reactions be less or not recur, and in the third group the suggestion was made about the reactions on both arms. There was found to be a similar decrease in the response to prick-tests after hypnosis in all three groups.
It is Friday! It’s a day of non-productivity since people are generally more sluggish by the time Friday rolls around, perhaps stressed out by the days preceeding it or already in a ‘weekend mood’. Perhaps they should just declare Friday a weekend like Saturday and Sunday since most people are just mucking around in the office… But then if Friday becomes a public holiday, then soon Thursday will be too cos it’s the last day of the week and everyone’s in weekend mood, then Wednesday, Tuesday and gradually we won’t be working on Monday either…Hmmm…
pretty please...could you add it to your blog?
Ayrton Senna sadly died at the young age of 34 in a crash at the San Marino Grand Prix on May 1, 1994; coming off the track and hitting a concrete wall at Tamburello corner.
in a pickle. Most people have lost all of their personal
Honestly, how much more “organizing,” hand-holding, pandering, and there-thereing do we need in the south before we just say ‘you are wrong’? Your traditions, like marching a Confederate flag across the football field at halftime (which I experienced in high school), are wrong. Can you imagine how it feels, as a Black woman, to be immersed in a celebration of the Confederacy when your intention was to show up for a football game?
Scholastic Storia’s growing collection of children’s eBooks are hand-picked by the editors at Scholastic. We carefully curate a wide selection of eBooks of all topics, so that no matter what your child is interested in, you can find the eBook that’s just-right for his or her reading level. The Scholastic Storia App caters to the reading needs and levels of each child, providing age-appropriate features that help develop reading enjoyment and proficiency. Audio narration, pronunciation tools, and phonics and vocabulary activities are key features that help emerging readers develop reading fluency and comprehension. Older, established readers can take notes, highlight text, and access videos that offer real-world context for book topics.
6) Fold in 1/3 of the whites into the yolk mixture using a rubber spatula till incorporated.
Getting ready for Valentines Day??
She smiled from a face that was as radiant as an angel's. 'I told my
So, I watched a documentary called Slavery by Another name on PBS. I knew of the book and the original Wall Street Journal article, but a 90minute documentary is so much shorter and nicer. The documentary is excellent (like just about all of PBS’ documentaries) and has a bunch of personal touches that you can’t really get without seeing and hearing people. After watching the documentary it really made me want to read the entire book. The book is big though and will take some time to get through. Like most good non fiction texts it requires a lot of critical thought, self examination, and external research to get as much out of it as you can. So it took me over a month to read it, and it was well worth it.
Without this starting point there is no solution to the problems of our world, and neither is there a substantive answer to the various questions that are asked (and we will answer in our next post).
Place medium size pot over medium heat for 1 minute. Add olive oil to pot and wait 2 minutes. Add the onion and gently saute, stirring, until they turn translucent. (Remember to turn heat down a little if the onions start to really sizzle, we don’t want to burn the oil.)
Sorry for the long breaks between blogs. Finishing up my courses, planning a surprise party for my wife (more on that later), and dealing with being a teacher have all conspired to suck up all my time.
S: It’s mostly just me in my little studio, working on tiny bits. The whole band never gets together. People just come in, then I make something out of it. So it’s always one-on-one. This way I can…keep my hand around everything. Because it was my solo effort I haven’t let go of that yet. Everybody has their say, but I mix and master the music.
In the meantime, as I brainstorm my first real kick at the marketing can, feel free to drop a quick line to say hi and point me in your direction - after all, it's the content from our fellow bloggers that are often the inspiration for many a worthwhile post... It would be great if you could help me get started!
What we have to remember that it is the GOOD Beer Guide not the BEST Beer Guide. The back page of the 2012 Guide states 'recommends pubs..........that serve the best real ale'. That is patently untrue. Firstly, pubs are selected in February/March 2011 for inclusion in a Guide that is valid for a year from September 2011. It is obvious that the Guide is out of date as soon as it is published and will become even less accurate during the months that follow. Guidelines concerning the minimum bedding in time for new pubs/managers mean that pubs selling the best beer are often not considered. Wirral is woefully short of good pubs but the Cock and Pullet which sells six beers from local breweries in excellent condition won't be included in the Guide until 2013.
can two people
My Blog Candy Winner is : Kaitlin
8. Correct underlying structural problem, rather than "cover up" your symptoms.
That's all for today. There are about 10 projects sitting on my to-do table, so I should be back soon with more projects, including a blog hop with The Twinery and Bella Blvd! Make sure to stop by the Let's Capture These Sketches Blog to see all of the gorgeous layouts the team created!
Pseudoscorpions are actually arachnids that resemble scorpions, but lack the scorpion’s long tail and sting, using their pincers to capture their prey. Pseudoscorpions can be found under fallen leaves, or beneath earth and rocks. Some 2,000 different pseudoscorpion species are known to exist.
Howdy fellow bloggers! Are you having a great NSD so far?
With walnuts, you don’t need a mordant or anything fancy to make the dye work. From one tutuorial I read, you just place a handful of walnut hulls (doesn’t matter the variety of walnuts) into a jar of water and leave it for a week. Which I did. A mold started to grow on the top by day 7, which is when I scooped off the mold and strained the dye. I had a whole slew of Cascade Eco yarn that was left over from a Shalom gone very wrong. I had been wanting to dye it for ages. So I cut off a little bit of yarn and tossed it into the dye for about 20 minutes or so. Maybe longer or maybe less. I didn’t keep track, it was about as long as it took to clean the kitchen with a ‘yank-everything-out-of-the-cupboards’ baby following me.
Firstly you want to duplicate the image, you can do this by pressing ctrl+a to make sure the image is selected, then to duplicate it press ctrl+d, if you are using gimp 2.8 you should see another tab open in the top left corner.
If one decides not to return home after a parental row, one should always remember to take the keys.
of a Sunday morning, organ playing
my miracle of love you are NOT A SIN.
(box of 12 ~ 3 each of 4 designs)
Janet Sheed Roberts, at 110 years old, is the oldest person in Scotland. She is also the granddaughter of William Grant, who founded the Glenfiddich Distillery 125 years ago.
You flew into our hearts as tiny eggs, we watched you grow and mature
He has had his opportunity. That opportunity has lasted for a hundred years in a splendid land which he found ready prepared for him. Yet to-day we find him with a Government which, save in the single point of force majeure, has degenerated into a farce; and as for the country itself, houses and plantations have disappeared, and where clearings once were there is now impenetrable forest. Certainly he has existed through one hundred years of internecine strife, but he has never for six consecutive months governed himself in any accepted sense of the word. Today, and as matters stand, he certainly cannot rule himself.
10. Use Opera mini in integration if you wish to save data.
I know people who have taken in "homestay" students. It takes a lot of adjustments on both sides. There is a Mongolian student across the road. She lived with the family for four years several years ago. She is highly intelligent. She is now back here doing here doctorate on scholarship. They invited her to stay with them again. They regard her as being as much a member of the family as is possible if you come in from the outside.
For my take on Martha's outfit I chose this blue and white dress to work with. First I'll strip it down of some of the accessories I wore today and just show it with and without the belt so that you can see the difference it makes. This belt is obviously designed to accentuate my waist in the most dramatic way; it fits snugly at my smallest circumference, and flares slightly as it reaches towards my hips. Since I don't have much bust to work with, I wear a lot of these wide belts to bring definition to my small waist. Another type of belt I love for versatility and comfort are wide elastic belts, such as my black corset belt. Elastic belts are awesome because they fit comfortably even if you feel bloated or just had a big meal, they can be worn high, low, or in the middle, and they stay put. Be careful with wide belts if you're short-waisted though, as they do have a tendency to shorten your torso. Angie over at You Look Fab is an excellent resource for all sorts of advice for different figures.
It's fitting for this post because I was so excited to come across a design blog whose author lives in the area. In fact, she lives blocks from me. Just across the Oakland line into Berkeley.
Philip Claeys (VB) thanks Louis Michel (MR) for his support
· Participation in our monthly blog hops and contests are required.
(2) This is all the real estate foreclosed sorted by country, and then region.
What holds you back from taking someone hunting?
I know I have to get a grip on these worries, and mostly I have. I work really hard to get Danny the help he needs to learn social skills, to succeed in school, to manage his stress. And I try not to think about the future too much, because when I do, it all seems so incredibly overwhelming and scary.
“They look good” said the sales girl. “but you’re going to want to go down a size, because they stretch out”.
Who knew, 3 years ago when I started this little blog I would find 500 things to say! I have loved every minute of my blog, making new friends, learning a lot, doling out advice, finding kindred spirits, being able to inspire, and be inspired every single day.
By: Tonya
We roamed around the mall for some good 30 minutes before we left and took a jeep to our next destination: Jaro Church.
Did the film, however? Maybe it was the size of the event, or the screen, or the sympathetic crowd, but I think yes, it did. In an entertaining speech before the movie began, film historian Paul S. Moore described Dollars and Sense as having ‘almost no plot,’ and while that cannot be true in the literal sense, it is the case that very little happens. Kennedy plays Hazel Farron, a chorus girl turned jobless waif when her show is cancelled. The show, an early intertitle points out, might have been more popular if the rest of the girls looked like Hazel.
Thanks so much for making our last challenge "something spooky" such a success! We apologise if we didn't manage to get round and comment on all of you, life issues and blogger issues very often getting in the way!
Full reveal is coming soon. Just needs binding and crinkling.
﻿﻿After the private interview we had a little chit chat break. It was nice to get to know the girls and be able to just relax! We were all on edge so giving us prep time to focus on talents, memorize the fish bowl questions and just jam out to some super girly music made some of our nerves go away.
AUSTIN BEER WORKS Black Thunder
The first half of my childhood, I lived in Jackson. I spent so much time at Grandmama and Pop's house. I watched Pop work in his garden, helped shell peas, pick tomatoes. Watched my grandmother prepare amazing meals with their fresh vegetables. Grandmama loved working in her yard and greenhouse, taking care of her plants and flowers. Pop would often bring some in for her to enjoy. He has always been so thoughtful and considerate of her. I remember fish fries, holiday meals, and always lots of fellowship around the table. They were big hunters and fishermen and passed this love of the land down to their family. I always played baby dolls at Grandmama's house and would climb in the Japanese Magnolia tree (until I fell and knocked the breath out of myself).
“If the leadership of the Catholic Church is unwilling to listen to the idea of the leaders of some of its most dedicated members, then our Church will never be able to grow or to respond in a Gospel way to the needs of our world. The CDF’s repressive action towards LCWR further erodes Catholicism’s ability to be a vital force in the world.
This Tuesday, December 6, from 7:00 PM - 8:30 PM, six Virginia mystery authors will be participating in a panel discussion: “The Story Behind the Story: How mystery writers concoct their diabolical plots.”
~You love to be sang to
I am, absolutely lost for words. I put a comma there because when I wrote ‘I am’, I thought, what do I write? No words can describe my praise and my congratulations to Thomas and his dear family. I haven’t known Thomas for long, but it feels like for the short time I’ve known him, I know him like he’s been someone I talk to everyday. By just, talking to someone on a occasion, I feel like I know him like no other.
For instance, if you wanted to try out some new stupid pills you’ve invented on a selection of non-consenting minors (and who wouldn’t?), you might want to slip them to your high-scoring kids from the test, before they move on to the neurosurgery module. Most of them would do worse, and you might conclude that they have indeed got stupider. Actually, they’re just as average as they ever were, but their luck has evened out.
He told us that the entrance was below the mansion, and since we pretty much got what we needed, we told him to stay put and then teleported down stairs. The damn mind bender screwed up and put us right on the damn stairway, right in view of the baby beholders and the half orcs. Moron. So we ended up in a fight where Ashton had a bone to pick… Get it? Necromancer? Bones? Sigh, forget it.
I’m probably the last person to ask for advice on this one. I didn’t really know that agents existed so I just submitted work to lots of publishers. I got my fair share of rejections but then I got into a spot of bother. A couple of publishers wanted the same thing and I didn’t know what to do. Two rather lovely writers (Liz Kessler and Joanne Cotterill) told me I needed to get an agent NOW! But not many agents are interested in picture books, and I’d already sold my Cinnamon Grove series, so I submitted another unfinished book to some recommended agents and found myself in the lucky position of choosing my favourite!
In 2000, Daniel Suelo left his life savings — all 30 dollars of it — in a phone booth. He has lived without money, and with a newfound sense of freedom and security, ever since. A Walden for the 21st century, Mark Sundeen‘s The Man Who Quit Money (Riverhead) is an account of how one man learned to live, sanely and happily, without earning, receiving, or spending a single cent.
Cut 5 or 6 on each row and columns,which makes 25 or 36 blocks.
The thing that burst the anxiety bubble for me was later this afternoon when I tried to get a post-nap Josh to drink some water. He did but then promptly threw up all over his bed, himself, and me. It was completely ridiculous. I just had to laugh. Really? Is this really happening?
Crafts
*high fives her reader*
The Morville Hours at Easter
And this brings me to my real question:
#6. Grandma Lo dropped in for chicken parmesan around our table with the “fam,”* followed by perfectly constructed cups of dessert at Yogurtland. ”Magnif!”*
The biggest thing we are working on now is getting her to LOSE weight. Actually fluid. She went from 1.14 lbs on Monday to 2.11 last night. We knew she already was carrying fluid but now she likely has a good full lb of fluid she's been holding on to. We started to get pee last night and it continues to get more (volume) each diaper. This is good, as her kidneys are starting to function again.
And so what, again. There's nothing here about Addy.
These carrots started out as seeds last summer but we kept them growing for the reindeer at Christmas & now the Easter Bunny.
See, I was doing all this, being Super Awesome Mom, alone. I was married to a man I loved, but he was an absentee father. When he wasn’t away from home, often out of the country, working as an airline pilot, he was home-but-not-home. Working on one of his obsessions. Before we met he had an adopted son to another woman, and for several years of our marriage he made that family’s life hell by dragging them through court after court and lawsuit after lawsuit, chasing something judge after judge told him he had no legal right to. When a court finally barred him from continued vexatious litigation, he turned his obsessive energies to creating a driveway to our property, what would someday be an engineering marvel if only he could pull it off. I lugged my children up a steep hill under construction for years while he rented backhoes and moved piles of dirt from one place to another without actually constructing anything. His connection to his children? Minimal. I was alone.
Icarus - Designed by a team of hot-headed Greek engineers, this audacious effort calls for a risky mission involving mind-bogglingly complicated orbit transfers and multiple, close flybys of the sun. The flight plan is considered brilliant, but the red-hot rays may be just too dazzling for the space craft to survive its close encounters with the sun. Sponsor: Onasis Odysseus, Greek Shipping Magnate. Odds: 10 to 1, but will surely shorten if the craft survives its first solar flyby next month.
This morning, I skipped my cup of coffee and drank some hot tea (even though that still has caffeine). When I get home I’m going to stick my sweatshirt in the dryer and snuggle up with a bowl of coco puffs and some Mad Men.
The circumstances were more than unfortunate, but nature calls in more than one way; when it beckons, you must answer. We were at a funeral. His father’s funeral. I know I should be ashamed of myself — picking up a grieving man and all. In all honesty, though, it would be a big fat lie if I were to say that we hadn’t met before. We grew up together, but things never really took. Or maybe they had taken more than I realized. Or maybe I was taking advantage of a grieving man. In my defense, if I did take advantage of a grieving man, it wasn’t intentional. I really just wanted to be there to support him and his family; especially his mother, who is a beautiful person and a good friend to my mother. If only he weren’t so damn attractive. One inch shy of six feet, he still fits the description of “tall, dark, and handsome.” Chisled features, a strong jaw, smooth olive skin, big brown eyes, soft lips. He looked so dapper in his pinstriped Zegna suit, his black, textured wool, Hugo Boss toggle coat, and his fine blue shirt.
Put my feet up and relax.
(Soccer (football) crowd singing)
It was so wonderful to see them together. Kyle was giving him advice about shaving. I just sat back and watched, it made my heart happy.
Easy.
I mean, how many days until Christmas? I have some serious shopping to do.
I tried to show her my goofy heart.
Anon (1861) Census of Derby, Derbyshire, England, RG9-2505, London, England: National Archives.
"There's always a reason for the wilderness." I say to myself.
McEWEN M, FARREN E. Actions and beliefs related to hepatitis B and influenza immunization among registered nurses in Texas. Public Health Nurs 2005; 22: 230-239.
That is about all I can tell you for now, I have been a non smoker for 5 weeks, I have no desire to go and stand out side in the cold and fill my lungs with foul smelling noxious chemicals again, nor have I had any side effects. I haven’t been grumpy (no more than usual anyway!) and its all thanks to Champix!
Seattle has Starbucks, Detroit has General Motors, and Portland has the McMenamins, a constellation of the funkiest places to drink beer in the world. Brothers Mike and Brian McMenamin began building the "kingdom" in 1974 with the purchase of the Produce Row Cafe in the industrial (and now hipster) Southeast. It wasn't exactly a false start, but after mixed success there, they tried again in '83 and bought a pub on 17th and Hawthorne they dubbed the Barley Mill Pub (named for a mill rescued from Cartwright, Oregon's first micro), and their luck changed.
From the moment the pour first begins, the beer announces itself as 'something completely different'. Not in the Monty Python sense of the phrase - but quite wonderfully near to the Salvador Dali sense.
Might I take a moment to admit: the idea of raising a daughter scares the shit out of me. I might've had nightmares all night. I keep sending up a plea: Help? I really don't know what I'm doing this time around.
Can you read this and tell me if it makes sense?
and gold in my body, near your body
“I’m here enjoying my wiggety wiggety wrap,” and ” I think I inhaled something…like a pickle.” WTF!?!
In the human good /
Insiders overwhelmingly agreed that the southern portion of the pipeline won’t do much for oil prices. Asked whether prices will go up or down once this piece of the pipeline is completed, 75 percent of Insiders chose “neither,” a mere 14 percent said prices would go down, and 11 percent said they would go up.
I’m trying to add more COLOR to this space and this was one step in the right direction!
Bottom line: it’s the little details that can affect your flight experience. Work with a private aviation consultant who has booked international travel before and can handle all the details. Make sure your consultant has the trip management capabilities to handle a European trip and can give you an all-inclusive price, including fuel (measured by the liter, fuel is much more expensive in Europe).
Maybe it’s just one of those years. But I’m telling you, Billy Crystal is not going to single handedly save this Oscars. I predict this will be one of the least watched Oscars… for the simple fact, that the biggest and most favourite movies of the year are nowhere NEAR the Awards. Bad year for film? Nah. Bad year for BIG films worthy of Academy recognition.
It’s the little things in life that can often be the most irksome. I say this because I had a morning full of little things that went wrong. And separately the issues weren’t irksome at all, but as they piled up I began to get frustrated with the day.
Because truly- it is all that any of us have.
‘Because I’d done two or three projects in a row that were quite serious, maybe I just needed to get that out of my system. All I wanted to do for this album was just to have fun and do something really up. It’s about wanting to go out in the physical world and experience stuff.’
It sounds so much like today. Inflation cannot be stopped. Prices are getting out of hand. Housing is a great problem. Recession is a threat. Health is an unsolvable issue. People are losing control of their own emotions. Bloodshed is a daily occurrence; Strikes, riots and demonstrations depict our social behaviour. Many are in despair. To all of this the Lord shouts, “Ye should have hearkened unto me.”
Kudos, Fox News, for making Shep shape up. Finally.
A religious scholar from a local university remarked: “No Christians or Hindus would wish to make enemies of Muslims and vice versa. The minorities do not have the slightest inkling to provoke the majority.”
Another Bender Might Break Me by Hellbound Glory
TALKS RESUME…
I had been working as an Art Director at a major apparel licensing company and although I loved my job, I did not feel fulfilled. I simply didn’t feel that I was using my education and design skills to do something good for humanity, to improve the world in which we all live in. It was from my encounter with Sandhya that the idea was born. I have spent the last two years developing the fair trade unit in Kadapa and now the organization has finally reached the launch stage.
Yes I did say busy's...
Although considered as a one off goof project to not be taken too seriously by some critics Nelson was inspired to take it even further and began recording and mailing out demos to various bands to do the next EAP. In March 2011 J Mascis singer/guitarist of the pioneering alternative rock band Dinosaur Jr agreed to re-sing nine songs for the next EAP. The Electronic Anthology Project Of Dinosaur Jr is scheduled to be released April 21,2012 to help celebrate Record Store Day. Expanding on the previous catalogue format EAP/DJR will also be released on 12" vinyl.
‘‘(1) REPORT.—The Inspector General of the Intelligence Community shall annually submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report containing a review of the use of information shared with the Federal Government under this section, including—
to encourage them to just keep going…
and most likely thru the rest of the day
It was great to finally have a sew with the new Ink and Spindle jersey range. The kids got a T each and both love them. I note with sadness that this is surely the last time I can squeeze a T for Amy from a half meter piece.
Feel free to click them to make them bigger! The polish applies very well and it's opaque in two coats. Drying time is also pretty fast. The only complain I have about these is the wear time. The tip wear is pretty evident after one day of wear. Of course my top coat also decided to shrink it (it was the top coat's fault) so my tips look pretty awful in these photos.
That’s not to complain about the old Super Mario system, but rather to point out that a compromise between the two systems only works in something huge like Super Mario Galaxy 2 where there’s an abundance of huge levels to explore in the modern style and in between short galaxies with one star that is specially designed to have a more classic feel.
As time passed whenever I used the mug, I could only ever think of what it represented. At the beginning of the year when we moved and I was unpacking I unwrapped the mug and I smiled.
I really thought she covered a lot of great points, used lots of relevant Scripture, but kept the entire book from feeling "too deep" by injecting some funny stories from her life which fit in with the lessons.
323See my lips tremble, and my eye-balls roll,
Keep, throw away, or sell?
The Old World crew are off to the Arizona Strong Ale Festival tomorrow and I wish them all the very best. Me, I’ll be sofa shopping with Mrs. Beer Rant. Evidently, the couch we got as a wedding gift oh these many years ago is no longer up to speed. On the bright side, we’ll be in close proximity to Total Wine and Gordon Biersch...and the grandkids!
Let us start with the information that can help you in ensuring this power inverter for your usage. This 1000W+USB 12V-220V power inverter is composed from a shell material that is an alloy of aluminum and magnesium (Al-Mg). It offers you an input voltage of DC12V/DC 24V while the output voltage is AC110V/220V. Another main specification that is involved with this power inverter is that it has a power rating of 800watt and if you use this power for longer then it offers 600watt.
My kids quiet like this Pad Thai, but I love it just for Mr Nutshell and I.
Another customer at Rojo said hey to me while I was sitting down. I forgot their name and it made for a very awkward exchange. If I’m going to make embarassing social miscues every time I go to Rojo, then I probably won’t be going back. If they can fix the Coke machine and I learn how to remember people’s name, I will definitely be going back. Overall: 4.5 out of 5 bros
In a medium bowl, mix together the melted butter, graham cracker crumbs, confectioners’ sugar, and 1 cup peanut butter until well blended. Form the mixture into 1-inch balls and chill in the fridge for 30-60 min.
Back to that fateful meeting. A few weeks later, I broke the news of my pregnancy to that person. I confess with a little smugness from me, and a whole lot of awkwardness from him.
This unforgettable jingle popped into my mind the other day, and I was surprised to look it up on Wikipedia and find out it has been out of circulation for almost 30 years! Seems like only yesterday I saw it … probably after M*A*S*H or The Jeffersons. (Am I getting that old?!) Only through the magic of Youtube now can those folks under 30 be exposed to that peppy young salesman.
But the most decibels comes from her laughter!! When she laughs....oh my, it's so loud!!!
I know my examples probably aren’t the most brilliant, but hopefully it at least clears up a few things on YA vs. adult – and why ADULT authors can’t just “become” YA.
The children almost all volunteered to take part in the oratory at the Rostra next week. You are invited to attend! It will be held in the classroom. Warning: If you are made nervous or queasy by children standing on tables, please bring the appropriate sedatives for yourself. :) Below are the memory lines they chose to recite. You will find the words they're working on in their scrapbooks, or I'm printing them below. They do NOT need to memorize all of the poem in order to participate. Even one line is fine! I told them even one syllable is fine, actually. Encourage the children to recite only what they're really comfortable reciting -- we want this to be a very positive experience, and that means fewer lines is better, if more lines bring anxiety. Look for your child's name in the list below. If you and your child are not sure what you should be working on, please let me know. If your child's name is not on the list, it means they did not want to participate. All participants will receive a special issue "Rostra" citizenship coin.
If Mr Nkomo - who died in 1999 - could speak from the grave, would he warn the opposition Movement of Democratic Change (MDC) leader Morgan Tsvangirai not to walk into the same trap?
1/3 cup each of add-ins: white chocolate chips, Craisins, or whatever your heart (or pantry) desires
This experiment produced measurable progress in their playing and, since we couldn’t predict the direction their minds would travel while in right-brain mode, we all felt a new sense of adventure.
He teaches literature to make ends meet as an unpublished writer. “I come home and write for nobody, for an audience of zero.” He is deteriorating physically (“my face had turned a shade or two greyer – I looked like a jar of old rainwater”) and is self-lacerating about his own compromises.
01. No Name Maddox
When I hired a moving company to move my husbands belongings out of my house I ended up having to call the police because he was obstructing the process. Before I hired the company I checked with my attorney to make sure that I was within my legal right to do what I was doing. I did. He called the police as well because he felt that I was breaking some law. They told him that I was not breaking the law and that I had every right to do what I was doing.
Agree
AA Toulépleu (7:30)
Before he finished his meal, about thirty minutes after he checked-in, someone showed up at the restaurant JUST to ask him a question. Confused and slightly worried, he asked, “How did you know I was here?”
Chicken Quesadilla
We spent half the day here riding its three rides, checking out its shops, tasting of the Butterbeer and dining at Three Broomsticks (then returning for more riding). Hogwart’s Castle and its related ride are really great (though I’m not a huge fan of simulators, so would rather have seen that bit run outside, or on real track). Still, well done!
Three simple words can make a world of difference. Some people are embarrassed to say I love in case they are overheard, but no one should refrain from saying “I love you” for fear of being mocked by anyone.
anyone relate?
“It’s all very well looking at the collections with an international hat on but, as Mrs Saigol points out, these designers and the PFDC have to be strong in their own local retail market first and foremost. Again it comes back to infrastructure while keeping an eye on the overall bigger picture, which of course plays a significant part in the long run.”
Or as the response of most people I've told has been, wow you're brave, r.e. crazy woman, do you not know we're in recession yada yada yada...
Now add in the duties that are attached to the products that pubs sell (and enough of this has been written here and elsewhere) and any reasonable person would start to ask 'why are pubs so disproportionately taxed?' No doubt the answers will be that pubs use more resources such as the police and do more social harm as purveyors of the demon drink. But hang on aren't we already paying for that with duty? Won't some of us be paying for that with the Late Night Levy?
in heat
overall I am very impressed with the company and the products it has to offer and will be making many more orders in the future. 10/10
Why create a 'Legal Fiction' / 'Strawman' - WELL the answer is in order to charge the 'Legal Fiction' / 'Strawman' imaginary costs, taxes and penalties and fool the Human Joe Bloggs into paying those amounts. Simple as that, and these imaginary charges and taxes include the following: 'Income Tax' - 'Council Tax' - 'Inheritance Tax' - 'Capital-Gains Tax' - 'Road Tax' - 'Import Tax' - 'Value-Added Tax' - 'Fuel Levy' - 'Loan Interest' - 'Bank Charges' and anything else that full-time professional CON ARTISTS can think up and are confident that you will not notice that you never agreed to pay and dont need to
Then how about roasted oolongs? We are hoping to be able to taste some soon and to have them in stock sometime in January. Stay tuned.
We had a great breakfast at the Coffee Mine Cafe (which opens at 8am - excellent!) and eyed up the Wild Walnut cafe for later.... then we met Jill, the agent, and went to view the cottage. It was all that we had hoped it would be. It has been partially renovated, needs a new kitchen and bathroom, but has had quite a lot already done structurely. Long story, short - we made an offer and it was accepted later that afternoon! We settle on Friday, and then its all ours.
R4-10- sc in each sc.
My favorite summer terrace is spelled P-A-R-C M-O-N-C-E-A-U. Why? Because I can throw a bottle of wine, some wine glasses and my ratty park blanket in a tote and be there soaking up the sun in about 5 minutes. Runners up, and only because of the distance that separates us, would be: Champs de Mars and Buttes Chaumont (Sorry Montsouris and Luxembourg, but you are just too far from home and Tuileries, you are too full of tourists!)
- Only enter the bakerella website when you know you have enough time.
Here in OK, we have been having some of the most beautiful warm sunshiny days! Yesterday was just that ~ sunny & warm UNTIL around 4:30 in the afternoon. The wind turned around to the North and my oh my did it ever blow! By the time we went to church @6:30 the temperature had dropped 15 degrees and was still going down! When we got home, guess what??? It started snowing!! HARD! Everything was covered except our streets which were still warm from the day!
Mom sent me a newspaper clipping of Becky in her military uniform. It was weird because Becky wasn’t smiling in the photo and she always smiled. That’s the one thing I remember about her; she always had a smile on her face. I wonder if Beck is still in the service and if Ellen is cooking at some Five-star restaurant like she dreamed she would. Maybe someday I’ll find out.
My husband Dave works for a company that is located on a busy road.
2 tbsp of elderflower cordial
My mother would say, "Stop your leisure reading and come help with the cooking/changing the baby's diaper/ hanging the wash/ sweeping the floor."
This of course raises the question; if the style of Malaria! can’t be easily defined, do they belong here at all? It’s an interesting and difficult question.
Meanwhile peel the apple and cut into small pieces. Drizzle lemon juice over the apple pieces to avoid browing. Bind the herbs together. When onions have a nice golden color, drain the apples. Add the herbs and apple pieces to the lard and let cook on low heat for 5 minutes. Then remove the herbs and add some salt and pepper to taste. Remove from heat and fill into jar. Keep it in the fridge.
Go
Cool in pan and cut into pieces. Store in an airtight container.
A bloody escape, a deadly threat, a shocking revelation…
21) WHO IS THE LAST PERSON WHO MADE YOU MAD?
Hosanna, hosanna Hosanna in the highest
Movement doesn’t have to be loud and chaotic. In this master bedroom, the movement is in the color trail that goes from the bed, to the roman shades and back down to the lap blanket covering the chaise lounge. Designer Lynn Morgan. House Beautiful, April 2009.
else to hold the vegetables while you chop.
It is now time for Mangos, chilled grapes, sun-hats. The streets are already so hot you melt a little when you walk.
and the son returned from overseas
Yes we go for more than zero Number one
All religion results in evil when it is allowed to spread like a virus. It doesn’t matter if most people are good; religion will inspire them to do bad things. Buddhism and Bhutan are no different.
3. A new challenge is being posted every Thursday at 12.01 AM EST, and you've got until 12.01 AM EST on Tuesday to submit your entry.
MAN assaulted and kicked in front of his 3-y-o by blacks attackersbecause he ran over a chicken.
if doing this the food processor way, add the bulgur to the onions and blend it by pulsing for 2 minutes or so. remove it to a bowl and add the flour and knead until you have a ball of dough which is smooth.
Power jacks: 47
Why did you did this to me, Louis? Why?
The thought I have most recently had (I do not believe I have ever heard it put exactly this way before) is this, “I hope for everything, I expect nothing, and I am content with whatever I get.” This is not only applicable to material things, but to everything in life. When you find contentment in life’s everyday wins, loses, and the moments in between, the stresses of life just melt away. There is also a difference between settling, and contentment. Contentment says, “I am happy where I am, but my hopes and dreams are still looking forward to what tomorrow brings.” Settling says, “This is the best it will get, what the heck, I guess my dreams are dead (or it’s all downhill from here).”
A shudder in the loins engenders there
The last time I saw an eye doctor was about 6 years ago in LA. When I got new contacts then, the doctor told me that my astigmatism would not be corrected and I wouldn’t be able to see ‘completely’. I said, ‘I’ve lived in LA for a while. I’ve seen enough.’
Can I get a witness?
How can he not see how unfeeling and ruthless she is? Why must he act as a Prince Charming to every single damsel in distress?)
Now, once you are at the festival…
Anyway its gone now - my friend was delighted with it and I learned something so thats a result
It was so much fun and I'm so glad that we were able to go with them. The boys definitely had more fun together than they would have had we taken separate trips.
People are strange
happy 2012 to you all- i can tell this is going to be a year of good things for all of us!
The show also will have panels, a costume contest, gaming, demos, photo ops, and all sorts of geeky goodness. Kevin and I will be there, showing off our wares. We’ll also be on a panel Saturday afternoon, along with comics pro and novelist Alex Grecian, where we’ll talk about writing. Or, strippers. Or, bacon. Or, maybe how all three come together in perfect harmony. I’m sure Kirk Chritton will have a game plan, because you see what can happen when you leave me in charge. Stay tuned for details.
This thing is freaking psychic. I'm a believer, Mr. Old iPod! You have seen the world, and you are my teacher.
Essential activities that trump working on an unsold novel:
Coaches: Mary Guaraldi, and John Raymond Kofonow
10Said in a loud voice, Get up on your feet. And, jumping up, he went walking about.
Then, I called around for prices on mounting on a foam board. The best price I found was at Ben Franklin in Kaysville, UT. It was $17 each. Hobby Lobby was $26 each, and Michael's was $32 each! They didn't offer to price match after I told the the price at the other store either. Oh well. I love the dry mount, because they run it through a machine, that adheres it to the board, and also puts a protective covering over the top, so they can be touched.
Blogs are public forums. Those of us who blog know that what we say is fair game to positive and negative feedback and comments. It is often a place for debate. People disagree. That's okay. I have gone toe-to-toe with commenters in the past, those who did not know enough about what I was blogging about to judge me so harshly. However, I still felt that they had to right to state their opinion. In fact, one of those commenters and I have even become good bloggy friends! I follow her blog now and she still follows mine.
The princess is also into helping women prisoners. Thailand’s most famous, women prisoner, is off course, Da Torpedo, with cancer, serving a long jail term for lese majeste, in what most observers says, is getting little help.
I promised Alex I would rally so his dollars wouldn't go to waste. The plan was for Al to take the kids out for lunch, drop them at the babysitter's, come home, shower, and we'd get downtown to make the 2:00 showtime.
We are looking for individuals who are punctual, reliable, excellent communicators, organized and effective group leaders, and can be enthusiastic, energetic and inspirational with groups of young people. Having previous summer camp teaching experience is an asset.
Like the Nature Conservancy, the National Park Service wishes to recreate a pre-Columbian scene. However its mandate, as stated in the General Management Plan, is not simply to restore wilderness, but to open it for the pleasure of human visitors (National Park Service 1985, pp. 81 and 82). This mandate is flawed by an internal contradiction, because humans of European descent are, of course, as much an anachronism as sheep and pigs in a pre-Columbian landscape. Nonetheless, the Park Service, in accordance with its charge, has constructed camp grounds and hiking trails and encourages people to enjoy the experience of placing themselves in a scene which approximates the pristine wilderness of an earlier period. Ironically it has also left standing structures built by the ranchers, in order to retain the “historic scene” of the ranching era, but without the ranch animals (National Park Service 1985, pp. 36, 37, 41, 44 and 45). The projected increase in annual human visitors to the Island will contribute to the degradation of the land and adjacent ocean water. The Park Service has no tolerance, however, for other non-native species, and had planned to shoot the feral sheep, pigs and horses once it took possession of the east end.
Terry Rafferty Watercolor can be one of the most beautiful painting media - but also one of the worst when done poorly. It scares me! What I really would like to play with is collage and storytelling through mixed media pieces. I have some ideas about what I want, but haven't figured out how to go about it - or when!
2. Don’t Plan Any Itinieary
45. Death Be Not Proud: John Gunther
This room is not completed, but I could not wait to show you guys a peek of what I did yesterday. I showed you the stencil that I was making, which is inspired by Quadrilles Wildflowers II fabric.
Twelve more songs in the same vein as the first two volumes. Highlights include: “In An Old Shanty In Old Shanty Town”, “When You Wore A Tulip (And I Wore A Big Red Rose)” and “Someday (You’ll Want Me To Want You).”
We decided early on our girls would not live in fear. The older one has caught on to several things, mainly because she vaguely recognized the birth family, but we don’t want them to live their lives watching over their shoulders. We want them to enjoy the time they have left to be kids.
I hope to attend some of the bigger meets coming up here in the next couple weeks and will be sure to blog on them and hopefully share some pics.
