Mandarins was a substantial story collection by Akutagawa Ryūnosuke (1892-1927), the Japanese grandmaster of short fiction. It showed that his sublime style did not end with "Rashōmon" and "In a Grove", the pair of signature stories that formed the basis of Kurosawa Akira's signature film. Even with the absence of these two famous stories, the fifteen stories comprising this collection had elegantly defined what 'rashomonesque' was all about.
Here is the card in full:
been denied all visitations with his natural parents, even though
And this summer, we’ll get to see just that when Captain America, Thor, Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk, Hawkeye and Black Widow form The Avengers on the big screen!
whether it is dating
Weihenstephan, founded 1040 AD is the oldest established brewery and have created an amazing benchmark of the Hefeweizen style. To break it down, Hefe- yeast and Weizen- wheat, typically referes to an unfiltered wheat ale that has yeast added for natural, bottle-conditioning. If you enjoyed the Weihenstephaner please try the “Holy Grail” for Hefeweizen from Austin’s Live Oak brewery. They do not bottle but you can find the beer on tap at a few different bars in Houston, Austin, and around Texas (not yet Beaumont).
To me, cummings is the prime example of all that is complete and whole. His poems vary in tone from delicate and affectionate to playful and even crass. He's what a true artist should be - contemplative and serious about his art, but happy to just have fun with it, to continue to explore and experiment. He's both an expert and a willing student, an icon as well as a jokester. That is so inspiring.
last week "JeanfromCornwall" rightly said, "Don't knock them". I won't. We had quite a few of them. They were part of my pre-school life. We had them at home, at kindergarten and at Sunday School. We found them in the homes of other children too. We still have some.
I loved the craft center, but they didn't really do pottery while we were there.
5. Remove the dough from the bowl, punch it down and roll it out onto baking trays covered with baking paper onto which you spread olive oil and some cornmeal (if you don’t have, then you can just use flour instead, but the cornmeal gives it an authentic feel). Cover and let rise for about 15 minutes.
Cause I, I must be sleeping
Snap shots are one of most rewarding and irritating events in photography. Allow me to explain.
It is exactly this chaos that served as justification of the recent legislation redefining domestic extremists. The financial looting of America and other sovereign nations by the big banks, politicians and crony capitalists is beginning to unravel. When the curtain is pulled back and the true perpetrators are exposed, there will be rampant chaos in the streets of America. The politicians, bankers, Federal Reserve, and other individuals of prominence and perpetrators know this. Consequently, the U.S. government enacted legislation in anticipation of the public outrage.
Which is why I'm so much fun, because I say:
Student David Gunby was also hit while he was walking to the UT Library (which was located in the Main Building in those days); his injuries were such that he had to remain on dialysis the rest of his life. He finally decided to forgo treatment in 2001, and when he died soon afterwards the cause of death was officially listed as homicide.
from my client.
The gala was much more elaborate than I expected. Food and drink were top-notch and plentiful. (I was responsible and only consumed one glass of wine). There was free valet parking, a fashion show, live auction and "after-party" with a buffet, DJ and open-bar.
2. How we picked Kolbe Academy.
I really couldn't get over how tasty these potatoes were, for such a simple recipe. Stephen even commented that they looked like something out of a magazine! Best compliment ever. They just might be the best potatoes I've ever had!
I wrote myself a time line to tackle and master each of the elements I wanted to use in my trading. It only took me a few months to get this all working in my favor.
illness,
We ended up with some irreplaceable loot of course. Two temporary tatoos, a plastic bracelet and a tootsie roll. Still, a big haul when you’re 3, don’t know any better, and hoard stuff just like that. Afterwards, it was time to pack up and head home. We left the bowling alley about 30 minutes AFTER normal bedtime in the Hughes house, so getting everyone to bed was high priority. Especially getting Grams to bed. Those kids wore her out. I can sympathise.
But now think instead about our Avengers: humanity is awesome! It’s worth saving and fighting for and dying for! We’re worth it right now, not in some future utopia where we’ve become better people. Evil is bad, good is … good. Differences are resolvable. The bad guys need killin’; the good guys will triumph. It won’t be easy – that’s why we need superheroes in the first place – but it will happen, because we do … not … quit. And, oh yeah, look what we can do!
The long hoped-for dawn actually broke, and with it a breeze came up, making our raft rock more and more. The air under us escaped at a more rapid rate, lowering us still further into the water. We had visions of sinking before the help so near at hand could reach us.
This course is aimed at those who already have experience of giving presentations and speaking in front of audiences, but who wish to refine their skills and learn how to add that professional polish to their presentations.
Tebow. People either love him or hate him.
just too adorkable~~~ ^^
Chris Rabb's life as a blogger started with an e-mail. For four years, he sent out an e-newsletter to thousands of names in his address book. The newsletter eventually became his blog, Afro-Netizen, which provided Rabb's commentaries on politics and news, with a focus on Black communities. Since then, Rabb has become one of the most outspoken voices on the racial divide in the blogosphere.
How do I want to start this? 5 months of planning, countless trips to the bike shop, hundreds of emails, facebook conversations, and phone calls, a route overhaul 2 days before take off, and finally it has all started. Last night we bid farewell to our friends and family in Flagstaff, AZ, and boarded our 11 hour Amtrak ride to Los Angeles. Fueled by Mrs. Beger’s cookies, we are currently waiting in the Starbucks at LA Union Station to board our 34 train ride to Seattle.
Fast forward to today. We are 36 years older and (hopefully) wiser! I know for sure we are enriched with 36 years of blessings! This picture was taken at our son's house in Maryland when we went there to enjoy one of our blessings of being grandparents with Kara at a special Grandparents Day at her school.
Here’s an example of a webspam tactic called keyword stuffing taken from a site that will be affected by this change:
So after many years of shouting into the abyss, I have decided to pack up shop here at TR. It's been a great run (if a bit sporadic of late), and I'd like to thank all (3) of you for following along. I'll probably keep everything up, at least for now.
What was I thinking? you say?
Yesterday was another adventure, as hubby rented an airplane, and we spent several hours flying over the island, as well as along the Molokai coastline. Below is a photo of the condos we are staying at. The cove you see is where we snorkel. It sure is going to be hard leaving this beautiful place!
Bord Gais Eireann, Alternative Energy, Deals By Year, 2006 to YTD 2012 4
“Again, I tell you that if two of you on earth agree about anything you ask for, it will be done for you by my Father in heaven. For where two or three come together in my name, there am I with them.” Matthew 18:19-20 (NIV)
UPDATE 3/26/2012: I found the painting! All I can say is, silly me... now I have a system in place that will hopefully prevent a repeat of this EVER happening again!
Still other diseases, which by the way colloidal silver benefits, that are suspected as being caused by untreated streptococcus infections or a lingering immune response resulting from some past infection, like Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD), Pediatric Auto-Immune Neuropsychiatric Disorder (PANDA) and even Schizophrenia- Menninger suspected that in 1920!
Wow! There are several ideas that are new to me – sun art, floating candles, bird feeders! I don’t intend to do tutorials on them right now but there are a few I am dying to try so keep an eye out for them on buggalcrafts sometime in the future (and I said it WAS almost the end of the series!).
Erin ran back saying her personality has completely transformed, and then Jie Jie came to get me and bring me to her clothes. She wanted to change her clothes into her new clothes. This was also something unexpected. Many children coming from an orphanage situation do not necessarily want to take off their clothes right away. It helps them to feel secure to keep them. I have read numerous stories where the children even want to sleep in their clothes and wear them for days. This was not going to be the case for Jie Jie.
He reminded me that He is supposed to be the guiding light and I am supposed to be the vessel that He shines through. And with this HOPE that I have, I can continue knowing that it’s all going to work out in the end.
I love cats but I have allegy to Cats. I feel really, truly sad. I can’t have cats, but I often go to “Cats Cafe” in Shimotori. It is famous for people because Kou Shibasaki, Japanese actress came in there. The spot is holy place for Fan of Kou Shibasaki or Cats lovers in Kumamoto.
Worked On This Week
HISTORICAL GUARDIAN BIAS AGAINST INTERVENTIONISM & TONY BLAIR
The fragrance, “Snooki” by Nicole Polizzi, is a 3.3 Fl bottle and comes with an animal print black and pink tote. The line showcases various styles of sunglasses ranging from $20.00 to $30.00; Handbags from $34.99 to $69.00; Crocodilly from $19.90 to $34.90 and finally “Sneaker” slippers at $29.00.
9. Someone else's filthy key ring to suck on.
What happened? Angels, that’s what? My friend, that isn’t just a fairy tale. That’s a real-life example of the involvement of angels in the lives of God‘s people today. And, if you’re a child of God, you have the right to expect God’s angels to do the same kind of things for you. So, start expecting! Say, thank you heavenly father for giving your angels charge over me in all my ways. Once you’ve spoken that word of faith, stand fast, don’t fear. Don’t waver. Just be patient and keep believing, and you will surely see the salvation of the Lord. Scripture Reading: Acts 12:1-17
Route Descriptions
The world is finally coming to its senses and going back 'round the other way, to sunlight, then warmth, and eventually leaves on the trees.
. Politics is prone to totalitarianism.
To those who still maintain that so-called supernatural beings aren’t real and don’t exist: our society has some fashionable concepts that are, by all modern definitions, ‘not real’ and yet we all believe unquestioningly in them. Money being a good example. We all believe in things that very few of us really understand (such as Electromagnetism).
What is the mission of the Festival de Cannes?
Chick Lit
Sarene is a princess from a neighboring country who was betrothed to Raoden. She traveled to her wedding to find that Raoden had died (because nobody would tell her he was a zombie), but the betrothal contract was worded in such a way that she would technically be married to him if he died so that the political union between the two countries would be preserved. Sarene finds it hard to adjust to life in Arelon, especially because women aren’t taken seriously there, but finds herself playing an increasingly crucial role in preserving Arelon’s future.
You see, throughout the scripture we find that we are judged on what we do, on our actions. Paul, who wrote so much of what we find in the new testament, said that he buffets his body and makes it his slave, lest after having preached to so many he himself should be disqualified. It is stated in the bible that in the last days people, desiring to have their ears tickled, will draw to themselves teachers after their own desires, who will tell them what they want to hear. Jesus said there is a broad and easy path, that leads to destruction, and many are on it, but there it is a hard and narrow path that leads to eternal life, and few find it.
I love the practical nature of this passage. I can actually replace WORRYING with SEEKING! Worry might be natural. But, the lack of worry is super-natural. It is possible with God. Seeking is to be "continually absorbed in searching for something; making a strenuous effort to obtain something". I can do the worry dance or seek Him to care for me. Unproductive vs. Productive. Unlike breathing, both take effort and thought and time. Why not choose the better thing?
As you probably can tell, I am letting the tooth of the paper show so that I can benefit from the glow of the red paper. By the time I have all my layers on, the tooth shall be more covered more but the red shall still be influencing the look of the piece. No burnishing here. My favourite medium of art work to look at is pastel so when working on sanded papers, I like my work to have a sense of pastel about them.
“My voice is much too scary,
And what of Mina, the overseer’s daughter? She’s part of the faux-Victorian culture of the human collaborators, and high up in it. The Overseer is like an ambassador to the conquered nations of the human race and she is his daughter. We might as well become aristocratic about it and make it all hereditary.
for someone like you to remain so sure
I am working on ideas for members only and would like to see work done with my images. I am considering doing challenges, but since I give away all my images at this point I am having trouble figuring out what the prize should be....
He then ordered them into his van and drove away with them – to where I knew not. It seemed a bit odd, but who was I to interfere in the machinery of human justice? Like Captain Picard, I obeyed the prime directive not to interfere in the cultural practices of other life forms unless absolutely necessary, which it wasn’t in this case.
Okay, Sarah B. has got another superfood obsession on her hands and she needs you to get on the bandwagon so she doesn’t seem so insane (perhaps not talking in third person would also remedy this).
Stupid tissues with lotion make me break out. AS DOES AIR.
As we got back to our station, and my partner went bed, and I too went to my bunk room to sleep, I secretly wished that we didnt have another call up that road again for the rest of the night.
6. For chocolate topping: Melt chocolate and butter/margarine over low heat in a small saucepan until melted. Remove from heat and spread about 1 teaspoon of melted chocolate over each puff.
I have grand plans for this summer.
Still, rather than bite Mr. PR Director's head off, I consigned his email to my Junk file, and figured we were all done. But no. Today I received this (check out the salutation):
When I was small I was afraid of my Aunt because she had a big voice and I never grew used to her. She lived abroad and we were a quiet family. She sang in an important choir, wore kaftans and didn’t care. She had a son with the bluest eyes and he used to cry when any of us plonked through Chopin on the piano.
-2 slices of ginger
Some growers across Ontario have also lost entire orchards of peaches, sour cherries, pears, plums and nectarines, said Phil Tregunno, chairman of the Ontario Tender Fruit Producers Marketing Board.
There is no longer real beauty and transcendence in the modernist internationalist ‘look of utility’ and obvious use of technological materials like glass and steel and coloredd plastic cladding ; so where there’s obvious ‘diversity’/multiplicity there instead becomes a monotonous sameness.
Brenner says that he found this thrusting “extraordinarily erotic.” WTF? Is this guy serious? He found a wild species in captivity thrusting against him extraordinarily EROTIC? How the hell could anyone find that erotic? Most NORMAL people would find it SICK SICK SICK!!
A different kind of post from lately!
Unfortunately, it seems like the pub is straying from Ward's original vision, particularly on the beer taps. Sure, you can still get Guinness, Murphy's, Smithwicks — the basics. But no longer do you see the unexpected, offbeat European import.
Hypothetically speaking.
I have exciting news, I applied for the Heartfelt Creations Design Team Contest, and have been selected as a semi-finalist!!! You can read more about it here on their Blog and see the other semi-finalists selected. For this contest, I will need everyone's help!!! They are having their customers involved in selecting the finalists and voting for their favorites. If you like my creations, PLEASE let them know by voting for me on their blog! Here's part of the post:
My answer came today, when my daughter came back from a school visit to a gurdwara in a nearby town. Still buzzing with excitement after her look around the Sikh temple, my daughter explained that her religious plans had changed.
I walked through this archway and into the chapel. When you walk in you first go into the newer chapel which is covered with dozens- maybe even hundreds of mosaics that are beautifully put together with brilliant colors and gold accents- absolutely stunning. From the newer chapel you walk into the older chapel. It was built in the 10th century and it’s built with stone, brick and marble. It is amazing. I also learned a couple of things: when there are pictures of Jesus when he holds his ring finger to his thumb that’s Jesus judging, and there were these little aluminum pictures hanging under icons of saints and when I asked what they were they told me that when someone’s prayers are answered by a certain saint they hang tokens of gratitude under their icon as a gift.
Do you prefer slavery or freedom? I ask that question because the modern-day version of slavery in this country is being forced to join a union -- and pay union dues -- against your will. And, as it turns out, in "union/slave states" there are provably fewer jobs and lower wages.
Young Michelin is a five-piece band led by Romain Guerret, an accomplished solo artist who made two albums under the name Dondolo. Signed to American label Holiday Records, they are trying to merge their 90s English indie-pop influences with the use of French language. Inspired by The Wake, The Field Mice and labels such as Sarah Records, they aim to make music that is simple and honest, and succeed brilliantly, as this instrumental shows.
Reading: Fifty Shades of Grey (shame face). I don't make a habit of reading romance novels because they are just so silly and over the top. But I admit that all the hype about this one made me curious - much like when I picked up Twilight many years ago (though in that case, I couldn't make it past the first chapter). This is not especially well written. It is repetitive. The female lead is annoying and predictable. In any case, I like to be in the know, especially in politics and pop culture. (What an odd pairing.) At least now I can have an informed opinion when the subject comes up. I hear a movie is already in the works - will be interesting to see who takes on those roles.
Well, sorry to depress you all – but that’s what today has been about for me.
5) toban jan (that really hot, red paste that you use to make Mabo Dofu)
You can find the product numbers of the chippies you are interested in by checking out the 2Crafty's website. 2Crafty chippies can be ordered easy peasy from sweet Di Garling just by sending her an email. She accepts settlement by PayPal and international orders are shipped really swiftly by this amazing lady!
Could this be a veiled allusion to Bush's own neglected
Since you are all university students, I assume you have learned some economics before, right? Don’t you remember there is something called “costing” in economics? For anything offered free of charge to you, someone else have to foot the bill.
Second, if a child-free woman wants to smoke a cigarette, parents should have to take their kids elsewhere if they want to protect them from second-hand smoke. Same for cussing, drug use, nudity, and public displays of affection and sexuality. Just get your fucking kids the hell out of there and don’t give anybody a hard time about it.
Make & Model: Toyota Wish 1.8
So let’s counteract that sad beauty with the most inane, pointless band I can think of. B-A-Y, B-A-Y, B-A-Y C-I-T-Y, with an R-O-double L-E-R-S, Bay City Rollers are the best!
Whooping and hollering
Like myself, some of you are in seasons of your life which are somewhat temporary. You aren't living in the same city that you will be living in five years down the road. You aren't working at the job from which you will retire. You aren't living with the friends and family that you will grow old with. Yet, you are called to live!
On August 16, 2010, Hassoun met with the agents and debriefed them on his reconnaissance efforts. He gave them the camcorder and after reviewing the videos, they all discussed the areas that could be targeted to cause maximum casualties with minimum operational difficulty and risk. On August 31, 2010, Hassoun and the undercover agents traveled to Hassoun’s chosen location, which Hassoun said would be crowded with bar patrons.
And return to the source of light.
Panorama stories that Poienile izei area, welcome visitors, hide valuable natural resources and ancient traditions, whose values ​​and applications to be discovered
I am planning some slightly different work to my usual output, as the local library service in Bath is organising an exhibition and competition. To enter you simply choose one of the books they are discarding and transform it or alter it in some way. I am currently playing around with the idea of the double meaning of the word “leaves”, which could refer to the green things that grow on trees or the pages in a book. Over the last couple of days I have been thinking about layering and cutting pages, and these are two designs.
But trim, wire and tape stalk after stalk of flowers to stick into a pleasing arrangement? Thanks, but no thanks, it's really not for the impatient likes of me. I love admiring beautiful and intricate floral arrangements as much as the next person. But attempt to do it myself? Drives me to tears. This klutziness with flowers is likely an extension of how plantlife (and guppies for that matter) has a habit of dying around me. Money plants, cacti, ornamental chilli plants, terrariums...You name it, I've somehow caused it to wither. They call me the plant murderer at home.
Two programs on the similar plane of existence in the annals of college basketball lore, but many would still consider one to be out of place in this final match-up. Kentucky has a roster of talent likely to crash the first-round of the NBA draft. While Davis is busy launching his lanky frame in the air intimidating would be scorers, Jones rebounds and dunks with a ferocity as if whispers of “Cal’s crew can’t win the big one” reverberates in his ears.
However, the people from Orange think that ED looks like an angel, which is why they chose her. Have called whole campaign Angel. Feel immense pride.
P.S. The image is the front page from ETSY a few days ago. I love when ETSY goes all Red Riding Hood on me!
I started by photographing each of the eight beatitudes,
As I have already stated in the course of this opinion, in connection with another phrase of this case from January to June, 1941, President Quezon had issued at least eight Executive Orders in the exercise of his emergency powers, by authority of Commonwealth Act 600. From this it is evident that he did not share the majority view, because despite his having made his report to the Assembly in January, 1941, and even before the enactment of Commonwealth Act No. 620, he believed and considered Commonwealth Act No. 600 as still in force after that date and that he still retained his emergency powers.
thought was so great turned out to be a one way hole into oblivion. I
Having both of these massive events happen on the same day is, at the very least, an amazing synchronicity.
Finally, a big thank you to Ruth Phillips and Julian Merrow-Smith, my new best friends in the Vaucluse! They were complete strangers when I wrote them this morning to see if the name I had chosen for this blog (Postcards from Provence) was too similar to the name of Julian's blog and website (it's called Postcard from Provence and you see it at http://shiftinglight.com/) and if they'd prefer that I change it. I had barely hit send when they replied that I was welcome to use the name...but because they were so nice, I changed it. And then, of course, it turns out that we have friends in common and share food as a passion....and we're already trading restaurant tips. Julian's paintings are very beautiful and quite affordable; they're sold auction style. The pitcher and brioche at the top of this post are his...and I encourage you all to visit his site, which changes daily.
3) Lettuce
At that point, I had to give up on the book. If this is the kind of stuff they deem helpful information, I don’t think I want to know what other landmines are waiting for me in months 7-9. No thanks. Now I know I’m not the audience for this.
As for now, it's just a matter of me trying to perfect my macarons yet again, in this new oven. Wasn't perfecting them once in a different oven enough? I guess not. I'll probably have 2 methods of macaron making now...One for the ancient oven, and another for the brand spanking new one. My only worry now is that my father sees the macarons in the chiller. Oh well, what's done is done!
Ranthambore National Park, Jim Corbett National Park, Sariska Tiger Reserve, Kanha Tiger Reserve and Periyar National Park are some of the most popular destinations for wildlife holidays in India. Thus, it is but obvious that a well-planned holiday in India would be a wonderful experience that can be cherished for lifetime.
Total = 6
When the cameras start rolling, whose star will shine brighter?
You can laugh now. I don't blame you. :)
"Why are you yelling at us?" my son asked.
It makes sense for Geophagy to exist as an inbuilt primitive survival trait in humans, especially during childhood and pregnancy as the Earth’s clay can be a rich source of required minerals such as calcium, sodium and magnesium. However in modern times this can lead to health complications in areas where clay can become contaminated by various pollutants and as mentioned earlier; it is mainly the developed world who views this to be an unusual habit and thus a disorder.
The market opened flat today and then started to decline after the ISM services number was below expectations. In fact, nearly all the potential positives; i.e. FOMC and ECB meetings, have come and gone with no change in monetary policy. Should the payrolls report come in below expectations tomorrow morning, the market will not likely respond favorably.
Honey has antimicrobial enzymes that work wonders on wounds as a poultice. It cleans out nasty infections pretty damn quick. There is a sterilized, expensive form of honey used in the treatment of diabetic wounds.
But we can breathe a little sigh of relief – at least somewhere in the world, right now, there are poor people who are currently balancing out our over-use of nature’s resources. So the world on the whole is ok. Think again….
Right on, Eileen.
Kara is one of those chicks you just can't tell if you find hot or not.
Now, when you need higher than a limited-term resolve or maybe if the exact amount is significant than it has an option to a paycheck mortgage.&nbsp Nevertheless, the treatment depends with your state financial guidelines.&nbsp Many organizations that come with on the internet bank Loans, payday cash Loans, on the internet payday loans, or send-much less Loans are nationally.&nbsp They’ve the resources to recognise the needs and limitations for each and every point out, but not every one of them provide extended terms and conditions far better financial limitations.&nbsp For there is another group of creditors that happen to be unique fot it process.
You have the chance to win the Mini Card Creations set from SP and Company by leaving me a comment with your contact information by February 24th. A winner will be randomly chosen, so good luck!
We have all ----well, at least me---done something in our lives that could have landed us on the wrong side of the law.
Last week, Kal Raustiala and Chris Sprigman, guest bloggers on the New York Times's Freakonomics blog, posted this interesting piece about what football (of the American variety) can teach us about the correlation between copyright protection and innovation. Though focused on copyright, their point can be made easily about any form of intellectual property protection. The question at heart is whether such IP protections are truly the catalyst for innovation.
I used my score board and made them 1 inch wide i scored 1, 3, 5, 7, and ,11 inches then flipped it over and scored at 2, 4, 6, 8,and 10 inches making it easy to make the folds
I sing freedom
Our caterpillars emerged from their chrysalises early this week and today we made our way out to the grass to let them go. The kids all sat in a circle around the butterfly house. I gave them directions about not chasing them and letting them fly off to find a flower, that it was time to say good-bye.
I have a little pocket
Many people are extraordinarily pleased with Sanderson’s offerings, and I can understand why they feel this way, with some reservations. I, too, am pleased that the series is going to be finished. Too much has been personally invested in it to give up now. But I see also that to accomplish his goal (to complete the series in three books) Sanderson has sidelined both Jordan’s characterizations and descriptiveness in order to focus on plot alone. And, to be fair, lots of things happen in this book. But this observation is key: we must note that what we are left with in these final novels is pure plot—character, characteristic and the world itself are essentially dead. We, the readers, are reading only to find out what happens. And while this is a welcome thing for the longtime reader of Jordan, let us not confuse it with being good.
Heat oven to 350F and coat a 9x13" pan with nonstick cooking spray. In a medium bowl, combine apple slices, lemon juice, 1/4 C sugar, and cinnamon, stirring to mix. Set aside.
So when Spock died, did he die in that mirror universe thing too or did his mirror self come into this world and take over for him, then get replaced with our Spock?
Built in 1980 as a family getaway spot, the home holds all the vacation essentials: a wrap-around porch measuring 2,700 square feet, private dock and 21-foot-long boat, which is included in the sale. The island also has a helipad for ease of transportation to the Marathon and Miami airports.
I’ll admit I spent quite a while staring at this mutton rack and wondering what to do with it. In the end I went for a sensible approach and prepared the mutton a day ahead. I love using anchovies with lamb, so I blitzed two tins of anchovies in olive oil with some rosemary, garlic and black pepper to make a sort of tapenade. I smothered it over the rack, clingfilm-ed it like a mummy and left it in the fridge overnight.
I spent yesterday morning experimenting with making liquid handsoap...yes, I was distracted by the allure of mixing and whipping and pouring and generally making a mess of things, and didn't complete the editing for my Happy Hexagon Crochet tutorial...so I am sorry dear readers, and will get on that asap in the new week...BUT, I think I have unvented (don't you just LOVE that word? Thank you EZ!), a very easy, all natural method of making liquid handsoap, without having to use lye and long cooking times... As you all know, I am totally smitten by the cold processed soap that I had learned to make from Rhonda's lovely blog, and since that, I have only made soap, never bought commercially available soaps again. My kids and husband love it, and Gerry even uses the soap to wash his hair...so all-round a big hit!
I'm not arguing about the quality of most of the songs on this list. But c'mon.....let's be serious....you want 50 ultimate BRITISH songs....and you only have 1 from Scotland, 1 from Wales and 1 from Northern Ireland. Oh and even in terms of the spread of the English contributions, there's an awful big bias in favour of London and the South East.
This, however, is not what the proposed amendment to the Employment Equity Act says. Now the general secretary of the ANC, Mr Gwede Mantashe, has weighed in to the effect that national companies will have to use national demographics and provincially-based companies provincial demographics. This is the opposite of the flexibility of which Mr Zuma speaks.
The world is truly spinning off its axis.
There will be THREE BLESSED WINNERS... who will each receive a $15.00 Gift Certificate to the Our Daily Bread designs Store to go toward the stamps of their choice! Winners will be randomly chosen from all the qualified entries.
STAYING WITH HIM TO PLEASE OTHER PEOPLE- Never do this. So what if you will be a little lonely. So what if your mom really likes him. So what if it’s the easier thing to do. Your priority in life is to be HAPPY. No one else gets to vote on this. Stay with him because you love him, because you’ve forgiven him, because your life doesn’t make sense without him… but NOT because someone else makes you feel like you’re supposed to.
People call and ask if there are hotel spaces available and scream and complain when they are told that there is no more space besides families willing to take them in. People complain that they cannot sleep because of the mosquitoes and why hasn’t someone come to clean up the vomit festering in the corner. They expect that level of service, even in the middle of a war.
Welcome back! It's time for another challenge with the Beyond the Burtonesque Dolls! This is going to be a fun one! Not that any of them aren't fun! This time around, your challenge is: "If I were a zombie...I'd eat you most!" So, ya need to make something lovey-dovey, but zombified!!! You will have 2 weeks for this challenge, and since this is the first Tuesday of the month, you can make anything you want. It does not need to be an altered project. So let's see what the Design Team has created!
also watched while having more internet problems. Not bad again. Some
Blowing cool stagnant, strains of bacteria
"Three big things happened to me when I moved to San Francisco: I found myself; I met the love of my life; and I got breast cancer." ~ Sonia, i live here:SF
Buying the first issue in my local newsagents. I'd been bereft ever since ACTION bit the bullet and the rich diet of Dan Dare, Dinos and Dredd seemed the perfect pick-me-up.
Here in Greece though pumpkin is not as popular as on the other side of the Atlantic. Just to give you an idea we only make two types of pies from pumpkin, one sweet and one savory and that’s about it. Don’t ask me why. I have no idea. The fact remains that here pumpkin does not enjoy the respect, usage, acceptance and love it enjoys in the US.
“The day is over, I’ve had my fill of the scraps you left behind, you'll wanna come back to the beach tomorrow (I know you will) and I'll be back then. See ya…”
BONUS TIP: A Bad Snack That Seems Good
Bu Yong offers a dried persimmon to her sister and insists on it even though Hwa Yong has already declined. Somehow the dried persimmon falls to the ground and Hwa Yong tries to reach it but she trips on her skirt and accidentally hurts Bu Yong’s face – with the iron.
If there are any words you are really desperate for, write me a comment and I will see if I can make it quicker for you (not promising... but I will do my best!)
Colossians 3:17 And whatever you do in word or in deed, do all things in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through Him.
4. Vampires, werewolves, and angels/demons, oh my! There are other paranormal creatures out there. I'm a sucker for this cliche, though. Overdone as they might be, I still love a good story with any of these creatures.
My mum and dad visited this week which was lovely, and mum showed me her pattern for a tea cosy. I choose some lovely rowan wool from my stash in purple and green and knitted the Joanne Tea Cosy for my wee granny for mothers day. I found a lovely green and purple ribbon from John Lewis to finish it off. I might knit one for myself!
“The bibliography is fine. I’ll tell you exactly what this is: cultural backlash. Six years of anti-Americanism has manifested itself in European disdain for the kind of revolutionary research represented by Stanford football’s suicide letter. They haven’t directly said ‘plagiarism’ but we all know what’s at stake here, what they’re insinuating. I stand by the football department and their work. It’s daring stuff. It’s the kind of writing that made this country the locus of late twentieth century literature at the expense of continental Europe, and they know it.”
To ensure shipping before the Christmas Holidays orders must be placed by December 4, 2011.
I debated going to see a doc about my heel, but I figured, what was the point at this point? Whether it’s almost fractured or not, it’s already injured, and I’m already planning on not running for two weeks after this race, so I might as well just run it!
It’s limpid to see how this incident has made many people of all ethnicities, especially African Americans frustrated and exasperated that justice has not been served in Trayvon’s case. I understand the anger, it angers me as well; I see the reasoning behind marches and inveighing. But where were these marches for the million dead Iraqis, the innocent families eradicated by drones, where were these marches when our very own government funded terrorist groups that killed 40,000 Black Libyans, or the hundreds of thousands of injustices that never see national attention? I know it’s easier to relate to Trayvon’s case because it’s so close to home, but million of injustices are never fought.
2011, US, directed by Rob Marshall
Instead of throwing out the water, I have a simple bucket system set up to collect cool water that is run for while waiting for hot water. The water can be used for a variety of things, but I use it for flushing the toilet. There are two methods of flushing the toilet.
Joe Pelaia, Maryland SRTS Coordinator
Now, I will be making a meal for about 15-20 people for the first time at the end of May. We are hosting a buffet-style brunch for my son's baptism and, being from an Italian family, it is crucial that I follow tradition and provide far more food than my guests can possibly eat. The catch? Everything needs to be able to be prepared in advance and it needs to be able to withstand the heat since we will be hosting brunch on our apartment's roof deck.
And there you have it, the backwards loop cast on:) Can you believe how easy that was??? You just keep on adding loops to the needle for the amount of stitches you will need for a particular project.
Anyone can write a blog or article but it actually takes a lot of hard work to produce pieces that are socially relevant and influential. We need more effective bloggers and online writers who have what it takes to write from the heart and connect with their readers in a really effective and efficient way. Are you empowered now? If yes, then go ahead and offer your readers what you’ve got through your great articles and blogs!
'I can't bear not feeling in control now,' she says. 'I hate the fact that there are nights out, periods of time that I simply can't remember.'
I wrote a couple of shorts for competitions that might raise my profile.
Here’s what we are doing: Marble Nails.
Back in the fall we helped our dear friends in Alabama harvest their first sorghum crop. It was lots of fun and a load of work too! Here, where we live, our neighbors make sorghum every year and we usually help out in the fields- so it was a new adventure when we were blessed with the opportunity to help out our friends.
Source: Michigan Department of Human Services
I guess, the real reason why my Bali experience is my “Top Ranked” was because it was my first trip abroad – ALONE. I had turned 21 and my Mom felt I ought to take a break from what was the busiest year in college. I got a week off in November, but she couldn’t join me – long story short … My uncle based in Jakarta – was my only “local guardian” in Bali!!!
Lime Cream:
I was going to title this "Why we vote for the worst for our grandchildren", but I realize that if you don't have grandchildren, this might not mean much to you. Or, if you do, you might be pissed that someone thinks you don't care about them. (which really isn't the case)
There is so much chatter flowing out of their brain through their mouths and into my ears that by the time I arrive at a suggestion and or an invitation to join me … all I hear are negative affirmations… “but you don’t understand, I have anxiety… I have laundry to do.. I don’t have time”…
Bridget Duke is the uncontested ruler of her school. The meanest girl with the biggest secret insecurities. And when new girl Anna Judge arrives, things start to fall apart for Bridget: friends don’t worship as attentively, teachers don’t fall for her wide-eyed “who me?” look, expulsion looms ahead and the one boy she’s always loved—Liam Ward—can barely even look at her anymore.
I love a good dive bar. I don't know if le Baiser Salé would really be considered one, but the night I went there it had a few of the key elements that make a place divey for me: mediocre to crappy drinks, a strange mixture of clients (including the obligatory unsavory ones) and dark a ambiance punctuated with red lights.
4.In a kadai,heat oil and butter,add Jeera,Cardamom,Cloves,Bay Leaves.
The nano site says: “Writing a novel in a month is both exhilarating and stupid, and we would all do well to invite a little more spontaneous stupidity into our lives.” By doing both NaNoWriMo and NaBloPoMo I’m inviting more than just a little spontaneous stupidity into my life, but I’m looking forward to it. I’m a very slow writer, so I’ll probably end up writing stream of consciousness, which is a cheat since it’s not exactly writing a novel, but I’m doing this more as a vision quest than a writing exercise. Grief digs deep into one’s psyche, dislodging buried feelings and thoughts — sort of like digging for fossils in a tar pit. I’m hoping that by forcing myself to write an insane number of words the loosened bits will surface, bringing me enlightenment. Or wisdom. Or . . . just about anything other than self-pity.
Paisley has started doing so many fun things this month. Here are her milestones:
The week before I boarded this huge airplane, I found myself traveling through the Atlanta, Georgia airport with a long layover that stretched into evening. After a typically satisfying meal with my friends at One Flew South on the "E" concourse, I realized that the gate was only a few hundred feet away. My gate. The one through which, in a week's time, I would be striding to begin the Grand Adventure. How could I resist? I walked down the concourse and gazed at the people boarding Air France, incredulous at their nonchalance. Was I really going to be one of them? Was the trip actually going to occur? Seven days to go...
Her living sisters were afraid of their own toys because they didn’t know what toys had belonged to the dead girl and they didn’t want to play with the toys of somebody who was dead. They had played so freely and intensely that they could not separate the toys of the living from the toys of the dead.
I have been planning on unfollowing BGR on Twitter and Google Reader for a while now, but I finally did it. Not because BGR hates RIM, but because articles like this are embarrasing and amatuer. I’m sorry that RIM didn’t want to give you a Dev Alpha for you to rip on for the next 6 months. Can you really blame them? Stop acting like a 5 year old and focus on your business. Articles like this show your true colors and make people like me stop reading your site. Good bye for good.”
“You know, there are two good things in life, freedom of thought and freedom of action. In France you get freedom of action: you can do what you like and nobody bothers, but you must think like everybody else. In Germany you must do what everybody else does, but you may think as you choose. They’re both very good things. I personally prefer freedom of thought. But in England you get neither: you’re ground down by convention. You can’t think as you like and you can’t act as you like. That’s because it’s a democratic nation. I expect America’s worse.”
Asia is a name of a body of land,
Weigh is falling down, still having 2 meals per day. No tricks, eat less move more. During weekends have long walks (8-10 hours, about 35 kilometers@5 kph, about 4.500 kcal).
DAP Johor Chairman Boo Cheng Hao only knows how to play political tricks and talk nonsense, and has underestimated the wisdom of the voters by continuing to use the same tricks in an attempt to fool the voters.
Depends on the situation, I suppose!
From God to local bobby, in home and street and school
Something similar and equally interesting has happened now that Kel and I are dog owners. We do not have a public park nearby to take Ike to, but when we bring him with us on errands, people want to come over and meet him (it doesn't seem to matter that Ike really isn't interested in meeting them). Saying hello to Ike is an introduction to us and usually the segue into a long conversation.
I spent this weekend doing a bit of research on bubbles and check out the coolness that I found!
One of the sponsors of the bill, senator Raymond Lesniak (D-Union) portrayed the initiative as “a way to support property values and reduce crime by getting people into vacant homes, provide municipal tax revenues while stabilizing the housing market.” The other sponsors of the bill are senators Barbara Buono (D-Middlesex) and Assemblyman Jerry Green (D-Union).
(August 7, 1982)
Hi! It's me, Faith a.k.a. Markie's Mom. When I volunteered to focus on Inkssentials pens this week, I think I heard a collective groan from the Flourishes... They were certain my card would be filled with dots. In my own defense, dots are easy, inexpensive embellishments to any card or 3-D project. And, I LOVE them! However, I wanted to share another favorite technique with you today.
Well, that was the plan.
I asked the lady if the shop was just a pop up shop and she told me that it was now a permanent fixture which is fantastic as I've always wanted to see all the MO polishes before buying and I find that Boots don't stock the entire range.
Third, to get a really soft, satiny look on up close shots of the dog, such as the one below, try setting a small aperture (in this case f/16), high shutter speed (1/1000). The ISO was 2000. The result is the camera does not have as much data to work with, so the pixels are softened. Personally, I love the satiny look of the dog’s fur.
There are some places in the world where it is impossible to take a “bad photograph”. Patagonia is one of them. However it is very easy to take a photograph of one of these places and have it not look as good as when you were there (I can’t take a great manatee photo to save my life.) Anyways, Ian finds a way to make an amazing place look amazing. Like you could just raft down this crazy river and then grab a cold beer on the shore while checking out the spectacular purple and gold mountains in the background. I know this is sunrise, but in my dream I have a beer. Thanks Ian for adding a new line to my bucket list of things to see and flights to spend my frequent flyer miles on. Also I want to mention Ian’s website “Dreamscapes” http://www.ianplant.com has several incredible images that I would love to hang on my wall. So check it out and while you are there bookmark his blog, it is well worth the read. My brother and I read it every week!
You might or might not know that so far, this blog has been a school project. Now that my class is ending, I have no scholastic reason to continue blogging. But just because school is over for the semester doesn’t mean that my passions for cooking and traveling left with it! I will continue to post whenever I cook, discover, or travel internationally (okay, so the last one is more of a dream). So feel free to check back occasionally, or subscribe to email updates!
Besides the obvious of location and guest list, there are two main parts to planning a party: decor and food.
I'm busy mourning loved ones during one of the most family oriented seasons ever.
I realized this morning that I need to SLOW down. I feel like I am going full-speed with everything.
The Ferrocarril de Sóller‘s narrow-gauge train, with its wooden cars, had a historic feel, which makes sense because the train line has been operating since 1912. We climbed aboard the last car as soon as the train arrived at the station. Once seated, it did not take long before the action started. The engine was removed from the “front” of the train, driven(?) along another track to the “back” of the train, then reattached to make the “back” the “front.” As all of this was going on, we noticed a group of five waiting on the platform near our car. We wondered why they didn’t just get into our car, which only contained my husband and me. As the engine locked into place, the five walked toward the train. Ah! They wanted to be in the engine car. Too bad, because once hooked up, the train pulled forward, leaving the gaping-mouthed ticket-holders on the platform.
I loved the rhythms and sounds of Arnold's poem, and the whole idea of mermaids and their undersea world - and most of all I loved the sadness of this story.
In a sale of assets like this, it is very hard for a creditor to block the process either. D&P can clearly show that there has been very little real interest, and Mr Miller’s offer is the best they are going to get. The valuations of the fixed assets at over £100,000,000 are irrelevant.
8. Bing Ji Ling - You Shook Me All Night Long (3:00)
Jack: Darcy
We offer him the option of choosing whatever he wants to have for dinner and dessert for the evening. His choice? "Grilled cheese sandwiches! And can I make them?" We have a panini maker. I think that he can make them on there easily enough. With supervision of course. So that is the plan for tomorrow night. Natty's "reward" for his thoughtfulness and unselfishness on a Saturday morning is to make grilled cheese sandwiches for the family for Sunday dinner. And so therefore, that is why I had to do another shameless brag about this child!
*Basic cheap cafe
Saturday Afternoon- After our run we met with some friends at Washington Park where everyone and their mom was out in full force. I have never seen a park crowded like that?! We lounged in camp chairs, drinking beer, and got up now and then to play various games (washers, Kan Jam, Frisbee). Funnnnn in the sun!
Tony Hawk's Downhill JamTony Hawk’s Downhill Jam
So how does one learn about it when not in school?
starring James Mason, Susan George, Perry King,
Now? I'm regretting only making six for her. I could really use one of these now - especially after looking at the photos again!
Cool typography invites:)
I am watching my citrus trees grow with each passing day, they are amazing! I need to go out and give them a good soaking, today, since I didn’t yesterday. New growth, more blossoms, happy trees. Ahh…
You may recall that last year, we did an Episode Zero in which we relaxed our usual spoiler policy slightly, and just talked about what we know about the upcoming series of Doctor Who unencumbered by our usual musical score or our pace-setting editing trickery.
A pinch of ground cinnamon
Start up a blog called FOOTBALLERS AND PUPPIES.
Great, I thought, lightin' up a smoke.
From the bottom of my heart, from the depth of my soul, thank you. Thank you for the comments, the emails, sharing your stories. Thank you for the encouragement, the advice, and the friendship. It feels so amazing to be understood, to have no judgement, and to finally be free from feeling pressed in on all sides. I took some advice, and talked to a couple of really close, non-judgemental friends. I am feeling a lot better most of the time, and plan to just get back on track emotionally. Hubs is doing really good, what a relief! We sent out a box of his favorite sweets yesterday, and some cards and gifts. I'm really excited for him to open them. Thank you ladies again for being such amazing rocks! Your thoughts and your prayers really do lift people up. Thank you!
OMG I would LOVE these tickets!! My kids have been begging me to go there, but it never seems to be in our budget. We drive past there every weekend and every weekend they ask when we are going :) This would make them SO happy to be able to go...FINALLY!!! I have 3 kids and myself so 4 would be absolutely p-e-r-f-e-c-t.
Step 6: Using Valspar's Antiquing glaze, I dry brushed lightly onto the stands until I had covered all areas, paying special attention to the nooks and crannies. Then, using a completely dry paper towel, I rubbed the glaze into the paint, until it was dry and started to glaze into the "splotches" that the RL metallic finish had created.
Bottom line is that while some have tried to renege on the unwritten contract to park there, most have stuck there safely...and littered the place in the process as well:-(
1 carrot, julienned
Then he added, “That way my subconscious would be working on it and at the same time I would be listening to other people and noticing everything…”
~Engage in writing exercises designed to spark your imagination and get you writing;
This silent afternoon heat is different from the sweet morning when blossoms of stargazer lily perfumed the air. It’s the summer afternoon we’ve been waiting for all year – earth heated and air still, only the tiniest breeze. Clothes bake stiff on the line. It’s quiet because it is hot, and quiet because it’s too hot to fuss – too dry to transplant or plant. Grass grows dormant.
Hot break, small flecks in the brew.
5.we're all weird
If this child is a boy, he may grow up to be just like the insensitive father who would copulate with his future wife in the same violent manner. If it is a girl, she may never be predisposed to kindness or maternal instincts and may well become an insensitive sexual partner or a bitter mother for no particular reason.
Nor is the Abkhazian crisis the only one brewing in the Black Sea. Last month, Russian naval troops blocked Ukrainian bailiffs from seizing navigational equipment from a lighthouse outside Sevastopol, the Crimean base of Russia's Black Sea Fleet for two centuries.
What I think I need is one of those accidents/surprises other people sometimes have. But that would entail Macondo Papa and I deciding to see if maybe we could have an accident. Because we're like that. And then we'd be right back where we are right now.
The total for communications industry spending in the United States for 2011, including services, is expected to top a trillion dollars in 2011, up from $985 million in 2010.
Over and over, the Obama administration claims to be creating jobs and working for an economic recovery; while with the other hand they issue regulations that work to the opposite effect—killing job opportunities, damaging industries—and extending the length of the recession. All that “investment” has gone to paying off his supporters, not to rescuing the economy. He knows how to do payback, it’s the recovery he doesn’t understand.
I'll be honest... this crossed my mind more than once. But the fact that I've had the same issues two-three months in a row... I was pretty sure that was ruled out. So I had to break down and tell Dr.Garcia about my crazy realistic dream, and that it was so real I took a pregnancy test. He was so relieved when I told him that it was negative, and he said that he felt a lot better about my issues.
But can you blame me?? Look it at my handsome little boy!
If you have life insurance through your employer, it is more than likely a term life policy. This kind of coverage pays a specific death benefit to your beneficiaries for a loss that occurs during a specific amount of time. This timeframe is referred to as the term of the policy which is where this coverage gets its name. Typically, term policies are less expensive than whole life policies but become increasingly more expensive to renew as you get older. Term policies are generally used to provide protection for those left behind. For this reason, many people purchase a term life policy when they buy a house or have a family. Securing a policy that provides enough money to pay off the mortgage, pay for college tuition, or cover other debts and obligations can give you the peace of mind that comes from knowing you have taken care of those that depend on you. Most insurers offer term life policies in a variety of amounts and time frames which allows you to customize your policy to meet your exact needs.
Please post the name of your blog followed by the item you reviewed. For example, Laura’s Reviews (The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson).
Maybe it was earned
*think soft /fluffy to shade and short/dense to pack the colour on especially with pure pigments*
Hekate as well is another example of a super-syncretistic goddess. She first appears in Hesiod’s Theogony, but becomes particularly important during the Graeco-Egyptian period in magical texts. In the periods before this, she was connected to or shared attributes with such deities as the Thracian Bendis, and was also put into association with Cybele; but, in later periods, she combined with Artemis, Selene, and even Persephone, and was also connected to non-Greek deities like the Near Eastern Ereshkigal. She also had a variety of epithets, including Enodia, which were potentially independent goddesses to begin with, and under which she was still solely invoked in later periods.
Looking back over my first season reviews, I was surprised I gave as many five-star ratings as I did, but it’s a relative rating to itself, really. AMOK TIME gets a four-star rating in the universe of TOS episodes. Compare it to INFERNO, which is a four or four and a half star DOCTOR WHO story and AMOK TIME would come in with a solid two and a half stars. A better comparison for STAR TREK would probably be something like BUCK ROGERS or the original BATTLESTAR GALACTICA, but I won’t get around to reviewing those shows for quite a while.
1. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Dredge shrimp in flour, then egg, then panko.
6 large washed artichokes (when you’re buying them, make sure they’re not discolored)
Might give
I read while I sipped my liquid dinner because my jaw hurt too much to chew.
If it hasn't become painfully obvious already - I seriously have no idea what I'm talking about when I post about things like layering rooms. It all sounds good when I write it out. It makes sense to me. But, it pretty much falls apart after that. I'm not trained in design. I'm just feeling my way through this.
Cast aside your mourning veils, join all of your tears
On: Watch
“My personality.”
You throw the ingredients into your mixer the night before and after the dough is all kneaded and gooey, put it into a large buttered bowl and stick it in the refrigerator for the night. The next day, let that sit at room temperature for an hour. Divide in half, shape each half into a 6" x 8" rectangle and roll up. Place each one seam side up in two greased loaf pans.
Company Contact:
Another of Sir Winston’s grandsons, Nicholas Soames commented in the Commons. On July 17th 2007 he said, “foreign immigration is now 25 times higher than it has ever been in the past, … The sharp increase in immigration is no accident. To suggest, as Ministers do, that it is all a result of the fall of communism or of globalisation is, frankly, bizarre. The numbers point clearly to a massive increase since the present Government came to power in 1997. Part of the increase is due to their failure during their first five years in office to get a grip on asylum claims, of which more than 60 per cent. were eventually judged to be unfounded. Another part is due to their decision to allow a massive increase in work permits, which have trebled since 1997. At the same time, their decision in June 1997 to abolish the primary purpose rule has led to the number of spouses admitted to Britain doubling from 20,000 to 40,000 a year.” He was accused hysterically of getting his information from the BNP!
"excuse me"
3) Dougal & Gammer
Seven times in 19 years there are 13 full moons in a calendar year, which means that one season that year has four full moons. When a particular season has four full moons, the third was called a blue moon so that the fourth and final one could continue to be called the late moon.
We just finished planting our 1st veggie garden.
ps. Tomorrow is the last day to vote for your favorite blogs at Company magazine's Blog Awards, head over HERE to submit your vote and to possible win some shopping vouchers as well.
G is for being so gentle and kind
INCLUDES excerpt of Kindle Bestseller Color My Horse by Bev Pettersen
Thousands of documents were seized from Landau’s artifact-filled Manhattan apartment. Prosecutors say he schemed for years, if not decades, to steal valuable documents signed by historical figures from both sides of the Atlantic including George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Marie Antoinette, and Charles Dickens. The oldest document listed in the plea was dated 1479.
Ribbon recycled from flowers
Much of RAND’s work was always ideological, designed to support the American values of individualism and personal gratification as well as to counter Marxism, but its ideological bent was disguised in statistics and equations, which allegedly made its analyses “rational” and “scientific.” Abella writes:
He wields the sword Sarcasm like an extension of himself, fluidly and precisely. He isn’t into purses, but he likes shoes. Guy shoes, you know. He skies and snowboards, but he likes snowboarding better. He doodles, but he doesn’t doodle flowers or horses; he doodles dragons and superheroes and spends time wondering what superpower he would pick if he were to one day get struck by lightning or fall accidentally into a vat of toxic waste. He knows neither of those things will ever happen.
I would take you to Rwanda so you can see how I lived for a couple of years, visit the mountain gorillas, and look for my friend Marie-Josée because she’s awesome and you’d totally get along.
Yet, God had plans for me!
That you will tear yourself from me.
I started with a 2' by 4' piece of prefinished plywood. My dad, who builds cabinetry for a living, let me have this piece from his shop and cut it to size for me. If you don't have a handyman in the family like I do, you can have this done at Home Depot or Lowe's.
However, my newfound friends have found a solution to this problem. They have developed a network of people who run similar businesses within Owino, and rely on people in these networks to extend quick credit to each other in times of deficits.
Alan will be reading extracts from his forthcoming haiku collection due out in the Summer; as well as from the anthology he co-edited with Washington State haiku writer Michael Dylan Welch.
if we dare
Pets that I owned, or owned me: dogs, cats, hamster, bird, Rat, crabs.
Did you watch Reading Rainbow as a kid?
And he was the first socialist ruler to turn to pragmatism in deciding economic policy, thus anticipating China's Deng, Russia's Gorbachev and Britain's Prime Minister Blair by 60 years or more. Europe has still not entirely moved away from direct government participation in industry so Mussolini's influence has stretched far forward right into our time. As one expert (Nicholas Farrell) on the history of Italian Fascism puts it:
We brought him out of the trailer and placed him in his pen, surrounded by a nice electronet fence, charged to it's fullest (it hurts!) The darn thing ran right thru. See two accidental farmers chasing said pig up and down the strawberry patch.
If not for Pinay Fitness who asked me to go with them on a press conference thing, I wouldn't have known that Century Tuna is sponsoring the world's largest triathlon series and that we have a Century Tuna Tri-Hard team. Clearly, in the fitness world, I live under a rock.
Yesterday I took two of my nephews to see The Addams Family. I LOVE musicals (Christina Bainbridge, you and I need to hang out!) but I knew nothing about the Addams Family. Yeah, I've heard of them but I've never seen the show, movie, etc. I was kinda roped into it by accident, thanks to a mistake by my MIL and I wasn't really that interested. However, I ended up being pleasantly surprised! I didn't think the music was great, but it was really funny. And it probably wasn't the most appropriate show for a 7-year old. It wasn't my idea to take him though, so you can't blame me! We did have a great time though.
Will the Circle Be Unbroken--Roy Acuff and His Smokey Mt. Boy, 1940. (Okeh 05567)
Snow days---what every child hopes for and every mother dreads!
Prepare Macaroni and Cheese with milk and butter according to package directions. Heat Chili in a small pan. Stir Chili and Mac and Cheese together. Heat through on low heat to combine flavors.
“Yes, and I imagine the horror of what he’d done dawned on poor Mr. Baines as well. He was, after all, the only child of only children and the legacy of his entire line had been bound up in that child. Is it any wonder he died not long after? Our distant side of the family inherited his holdings and sold them off piecemeal. You owe your college education to that sad turn of events, matter of fact.”
I have climbed another tree
During the seminar Lindel guided us (with the use of the manual and DVD) through many exercises and initiations designed to speed up our vibrations and activate our light body; so that we can embody more light and love, and understand that we are multi-dimensional beings with cells that communicate through the language of light.
5 building
6. Do you consider yourself a speed reader?
Dr Lysander is framed in the door. Tall, thin and white-coated. Dark hair pulled straight back. Thick glasses. She glides, silent as a ghost the whispers say, always seems to know before it happens when someone falls into red. But she’s not like some of the nurses who can bring you back with a hug. She isn’t exactly what you would call nice.
There’s a stranger speaks outside her door
Now I must confess to finding it hard not to re-arrange this one but I kept my hands to myself :-)
I wrote about the mongoose, which were also introduced to St. John and other tropical islands to control rats (which they didn’t), such as the Big Island of Hawaii. Why Did the Mongoose Cross the Road?
Five feet from the car.
However. Against Utd recently, I groaned when i saw the starting line up. Too defensive proclaimed I. A team full of attacking intent I sarcastically tweeted. And yet we took it to the champions, smashing in 4 goals at Old Trafford and having more shots against them for as long as i can remember. The same against Fulham. 4 goals. And yet against Stoke last night we finally play 442, for which many have been clamouring all season and we peter out to a 1-1 draw. Perception of attacking intent is the key. It is the mindset rather than the formation which begets an attacking display.
You may need to click on the chart if a magnifying glass is not handy!
* Spirituality and Gaia
Tolerance and a smile wouldn't hurt either.
Don't have any pics to share of my wonderful life in Menifee... But today in my lesson I got to talk about the Spirit World. I got to share a little bit about my sweet niece Erin. I share these pics with the ladies today. Here are a few flower shots taken the day of her funeral. Those cherry blossoms always bring me peace.
This is my heart – hurriedly photographed so I could catch the post:
Even dreary, overcast days have their moments. In the past week, I've paused in the morning to watch a waterfall of leaves tumbling into the empty canal before a cool, damp wind, and stopped in the evening to admire the way that a grey light reduced the landscape to a simple, but elegant lesson in perspective and geometry.
I had these 9 canvases that I got at the dollar store several years ago & I covered them with patterned paper to make my own "art". After changing them a couple of times, I was ready for something new again.
Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll
To end my post on early grief, I would just say, please don't tell me your sorry that I loss my baby. If you lost a child who was of an older age, I wouldn't say, "I'm sorry that you loss your teenager." You would have loss your son/daughter. I loss my son. A little boy that would have ran around with his brother's, rode bikes, ate pizza, played baseball, needed his boo boos to be kissed, blew out birthday candles, opened Christmas presents, went to his first day of Kindergarten, and would have run up to me and wrapped his arms around my legs saying, " I love you mommy." The loss is endless.
with hands calloused and grooved
1½ teaspoons salt
I just received an email today that made me yearn more for summertime it was from Betty Crocker receipes. I want to share this with you because they sound so yummy. I am making sure to put them in a safe place, I have a tendency to delete, so when summer plans are in the making I will be the first to offer a new dessert.
Hatred for what? If Communism, then maybe. I for one hate the ideology of communism with a passion. I hate what it has done to people and countries all over the world. If he meant hatred for blacks, then he is mistaken. It is a myth that the war was white against black.
If you don’t recognize much in the picture (aside from that stole I never seem to work on and the socks that live in my purse without a deadline) that is okay, I finished off a bunch of stuff in the past two weeks, including the other pair of socks and two cowls.
Have a great day darlings!
20) I was an Anthro major/Psych minor.
As Milligan got towards the end of his 'forecast', he said "and now for a look at tonight's weather...", raised the chart (which turned out to be in front of a window), looked through it and announced "looks pretty nice outside tonight, folks..."
Cranberry- The American cranberry bush will do well in loamy, fertile soil.
Klaus Mayer - Flute, Synthesizer
Pia says that these vegetarian sausages were “born out of poverty — a way to make readily available ingredients stand in for more expensive meat”.
It's beautiful Fall weather up here in NY, and we are enjoying every second of it. I hope wherever you are, you're having lovely weather as well.
So I am still not sure if I want to share this with everyone, but decided why not since it is a good thing.
A lesser-known tower, completed in 1860, was named the Victoria Tower in honour of Queen Victoria.
CHU SY, SINGLETON JA, MCCAULEY MM, ORENSTEIN WA, HUGHES JM, MAWLE AC, MODLIN JF. Influenza vaccine for health working adults. J Am Med Assoc 2001; 285: 291-292.
But two boys battling for her heart is just the start. Soon there’s a dead body in the woods, a motorcycle gang on the prowl, and the snow just won’t stop falling. Something evil is at work, and only Faye and best friend Liz can stop it. As Hallowe’en draws near they must uncover the dark and sinister secret... before it’s too late.
The transformation of my son's toddler room into a Big Boy Room was definitely the most rewarding. He is such a sweetheart and had been waiting so patiently for his room to match his maturity. Picturing his expression when I revealed the room to him still brings tears to my eyes. And the fact that this room was featured on numerous sites, including Design*Sponge, Ohdeedoh, BabyCenter, CasaSugar and Centsational Girl, certainly didn't hurt in the attention it received.
As she was prepped, with her husband now gowned by her side, she told me about their miracle. After twenty-one years of marriage, at the age of forty-four, she was about to give birth to her first biological child. She told me about how difficult it been after Jordan's death, how there had been times when they had felt they couldn't go on, that life had seemed hopeless and over for them. They saw this new baby not only as a promise of a new beginning but also as a precious cosmic gift from Jordan. Their excitement stretched like a tent over a framework of hope.
By Alloway's auld haunted kirk.
Choosing your favourite top five every ten weeks
Much on their minds is their new potential for childbearing, an event that for most of human history has been fraught with physical peril.
Don't you think it's interesting???
5. Bite the Bullet – 3:30
Now mister please go easy with me
So... what did you have last weekend? If you're new to the Weekend Eating meme, you can read the rules and get the badge codes HERE. My heartfelt thanks to everyone who joined last week.
Here's the Good News! God is the Judge of the Universe, but He's also a merciful Judge. When we ask, He forgives. How many times have we had to tell our parents, our kids, brothers and sisters, friends, and spouse that we're sorry. Why is it any different with God? He forgives us unconditionally. That means, unlike your friends and family, He remembers it no more. His mercies are new each morning. God is good. It says He is abundant in mercy. That means there's no limit to how many times He'll forgive you. It feels great to be forgiven, it's a balm to our souls and gives us the ability to forgive ourselves.
Liverpool 0-1 Fulham
“We agreed to divide domestic profits 8 to 2 (80% to 20%), and overseas profits 5 to 5 (50%/50%),” Park said. “But excluding last year’s payment of $135,000, they have failed to distribute the profits properly.”
What are the upcoming plans of the band?
And this place is no joke. There are literally THOUSANDS of guards and warriors at the Temple and the surrounding city. It kind of reminds me of "D3 - the Vault of the Drow" in terms of this vast, evil city. How do you infiltrate it? You can't possibly hope to slay 2,000 guards and 5,000 killer frogs. So you need a plan. You need some kind of strategy and stealthy approach.
I think she does a pretty good job with it.
It's the same logic that produced "pre-pone." If you can postpone something by moving it farther away in time, why not prepone something by making it more near? (That sentence, in fact, may not be grammatically correct.)
Then, a number of months ago, I began to have new symptoms -- pulsating pain in my ankle -- so my doctor requested x-rays and based on the results of those, she decided that an osteopathic surgeon should be consulted. That was last fall or early winter, and I had just about given up of ever being called in for an appointment.
So we start off with the fact that the kids will be starting school. Cassie will be entering 10th grade, Jason 4th and Jack 2nd. It's amazing that we've been lucky enough to be stationed here for this long. We arrived in Camp Lejeune at the end of Cassie's 6th grade year (Jason's kindergarten year). Sucks how fast time goes by once you become an adult. Ugh!
I just love how the marshmallow fluff breaks through the chocolate
This week there were two grim news stories illustrating the callousness of American society towards its young adults.
Though my time with Soub's mum were small bits carved out of a busy modern life, I cherish those bits and the woman I came to know and love. Not because she was my beloved's mother, but because she was a wonderful person in her own right who loved to laugh, to gossip, to share a cuppa, and who opened her heart and home to me.
And without further ado, here are the designs that caught my eye for capturing the essence of the 'Christmas in July' challenge ...
The above is no standard issue kitchen. It is stunning. But I think that mismatched stool has been intentionally placed in front of the dishwasher to distract from the black hole it creates in the photo. We are meant to see the fireplace and beautiful windows instead.
The Hunger Games
Ok, So I forgot about my gratitude list until I was too busy getting ready for ARGH to sit at the computer - and then I was gone for this wednesday. So I have two lists I want to do right now before the kids wake up.
Garam Masala : 1tsp
"The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance- it is the illusion of knowledge."
We are so blessed to have our wonderful family and we celebrated our blessings with a a great feast. Turkey, green bean casserole, cranberry salad, mashed potatoes (with lumps, please), homemade bread, stuffing, pumpkin pie and my sister's cheesecake. Mmm . . . mmm . . . mmm!
In other news, we're still having odd winter weather. We seem to hover around 3-5 inches of snow. It doesn't seem to snow much when it does and then it starts melting within a couple days. We have really cold weather (last night it was in the -20C range) and then a couple days later it will warm up again. We have a crazy amount of ice between our house and the neighbours. Between our dryer vent and their eaves draining, there's a lot of melting/freezing going on.
That hour, o'night's back arch the keystane,
And we all know what that spells, don't we?
These are the truths that Lexi has heard all her life.
This week I finally found my copy of the last issue of "The Mother" magazine. It arrived the morning of the big Autumn clean and ended up tidied into suitcase of prefold nappies??? A nice surprise to come across it yesterday and to delve between the covers of this conscious parenting, gentle, thoughtprovoking magazine.
So, technically, when things like this are said:
P.S.S.S. Don't answer that please. I don't wanna know.
I have felt at times right on the edge. I have been using coping mechanisms a bit such as distraction and running all the stress out of myself to cope. When I think too much about what is happening right now my mind runs off and I am struggling to hold the tears back.
With a few fresh faces, and plenty of old familiar ones from the Winter Course, we started out bright and early at 7:30AM and got off to a great start.
Instead, my brothers and I folded them back up into empty cubes, and made elaborate forts and tunnels out of them in the vacant hay mow of our old barn. We put flattened boxes on the floor so our knees wouldn’t get sore. We spent hours up there being active and creative. And getting hungry.
I also don’t seem to have had a chain last more than a couple of years even though I doubt I’ve cycled more than about 4000 miles a year. And when the chain needs replacing, more than likely so does the rear cassette, at which point I realise I’ve only ever really used 3 of the 8 cogs.
He comes into the kitchen, sniffing and making a move to look into the pots. No! It's not there! I say sharply before he looks. Uh... leave the pots.
Husband and I have been working on the garage for several weekends now. I didn't take any before pictures, but it was full. I am talking lets get the cameras here for a hoarding episode, full. The garage is a single, filled to capacity. When we closed our welding shop down a couple years ago, all of our leftover equipment and stock, we didn't sell, came home........to the garage........the already overfull garage.
Sliced black olives
Maisa: Ms. Anwaar, we are very sorry for this intrusion, but we felt that we had to follow you so that we can protect you.
Of cheery cherries and playful pears,
ABM may argue that they have studied and discussed such experiences. But busy librarians can not learn about indicators from debates that take place in committees rooms and behind closed doors. Like the sciences, professions need to discuss and exchange arguments in public.
The party says in its papers that a state bank should not only be defined in terms of ownership, but in terms of the services that are delivered by Post Bank.
"Last Journey: A Father and Son in Wartime" has received warm reviews. In the seventh year of the war, myriad books on Iraq have sprouted on store shelves. But this has been lauded for its unique voice.
their milk into a stainless steel can–
Alcohol is the single best innovation to get past rejection. Going up to a girl dead sober without an established skill set or boy band looks is almost always met with hostile eyebrows and a cold shoulder. Its like tightroping with a safety net. You know the net is there in case you trip and fall. The same can be said about alcohol. You can blame the unsuccessful proposition on your lack of sobriety, slurred speech and vomit-stained cardigan. Also, memory loss is a side effect of alcohol, so you might not even remember it the next day. Win! Girls are much more approachable in social situations and sparking a conversation can be quite easy. If your cards are played right, you could be using the guest closet as a romping room in mere minutes, depending on her social graces.
The films which I’ve been writing about lately have all been fairly heavy on symbolism and meaning, so maybe it’s time to dip into something lighter for a change. As such, I feel that a tight, solid mystery that has no pretensions of being anything other than a piece of entertainment is as good a choice as any under the circumstances. This seems a fair summation of 23 Paces to Baker Street (1956) – a not especially well-known thriller that nevertheless features an intriguing plot and polished, professional work from all the participants. The movie belongs in a small sub-genre of films (e.g. The Spiral Staircase, Rear Window, Wait Until Dark) where the hero/protagonist is suffering from either a temporary or permanent disability. There’s nothing particularly exploitative about these films, the disability in question serving merely as a means of increasing tension or suspense – and often, paradoxically, emphasising the superiority of the hero over the villain.
Step Two: Before the rebuilding can commence, the Fire Marshall has to come out to inspect the site and issue a building permit. That’s when the bomb drops.
So while we do find many differences between the Quran and the Chumash, that is when we relate to the two Scriptures as pure texts, not as holy religious scriptures. In that matter the reverence shown them by their followers, shows a very similar attitude.
V) When Pliny the 'Younger' was older he married
Your skill ranges equate to what digsites open up, in the same way as the other professions. 1-300 is in Azeroth, 300-375 is in Outland, 375-450 is in Northrend, and 450-525 is Cataclysm areas. There’s no limitations to where you do the digs, so in the same way as fishing, if you wanted to do your entire process in Azeroth you certainly could. The only thing is that there are only certain places the ruins open up.
It being late and the evening filled with marking I am ransacking old articles and have found this one from 1993. It appeared originally in Modern Painters, reviewing Bill Brandt: Photographs 1928-1983 at The Barbican and Bill Brandt: The Assemblages and Associated Vintage Prints at Reeds Wharf Gallery.
Before I begin, please note that I used ALL items from around my house. I'm limiting myself from new projects/crafts until I can make use of what I have. This pressure to use things I own has made me more creative. I was just gonna hang this frame alone on my wall and put a moss letter in there, instead I got sick of staring at the left over foam from my chair redo- (since I paid full price, I didn't throw away a single scrap of the foam...) and thus, this project was born...!!
Tomorrow morning I'm off to spend a few days visiting some of my best friends in California. I'll be in Berkeley for a couple of days before driving down to Santa Cruz (preferably along the coast listening to Burt Bacharach-that might be a long shot though) so i'm particularly looking forward to boogieing with my crew and actually feeling semi-presentable in some new (to me) clothes.
Jim and Mary were both patients in
And no, you are not the first white person I have ever seen.
Worried- that he might not want anything to do with us.
from the church.
I abhor laziness in others, despite being awfully lazy myself for most of this year.
For now, that's all the productivity I have to show you. I still get tired easily and have to have a nap at some point during the day - even 30 minutes is helpful. But as the to-do list gets dwindled down, I'm hoping the tiredness will do the same! Thank you to everyone who has emailed, written, and phoned to wish me well, send prayers of better health and comfort, and offer your encouragement. Dare I say I'm finally on the mend without "jinxing" it?! Good thing I don't really believe in that sort of thing!
NEXT MOVIE: Edward Scissorhands (1990)
조금 더 빠져봐 baby
In short she is not the kind of young woman who might naturally be associated with Britain's spiralling binge-drinking youth culture.
I'm not sweating it. They're on track to wrap up most of their work before the summer, and they love spending extra time with their drama buddies. They'll fully enjoy these three days, and be exhausted at the end of them. As for me, aside from the extra driving to their performance venue, I'll enjoy this mini-break from our routine also. I'll have more one on one time with D-boy and some extra time to get things done around the house. Maybe, just maybe, I'll even get a moment or two to do nothing. Nah, that's crazy talk.
Could it be the project has bitten me in the rear end? Does the possibility and knowledge of completing so many dates in a summer take away from focusing on the man at present? Or have I been allowed to explore more, look for deeper connections, so I am not just falling into old patterns of "eh, you're not so bad"-relationships that inevitably end? Maybe it's something in between. Maybe I have been allowed to look but, truth be told, I have no idea what on earth I am looking for.
He would never get out of a wheel chair, said the physical therapist.
The whole point of this exercise was to boost the circulation figures of the Journal’s European edition to prop up ad rates. How, in the name of all things good and holy, does this not constitute massive-scale fraud on advertisers? Not to mention fraud on readers who now get slanted positive coverage of the groups that helped the journal perpetuate this scam on advertisers. And what does this say for the audit bureau’s credibility that they legitimized this rip off? But wait, it actually gets worse!
Yellow Mustard.
Ab Tamboer: Drums (tracks 11, 12)
Something about Pevan. His... sister? Or was that Dora? With the way she was always teasing him, she might as well be. Which of them was he thinking about? Dora, with her boyish body but oh-so-feminine hands. No, that was Pevan. Dora had the eyes. His eyes were boiling. Third time round the door. Did he have eyes? Surely if he did, they’d be open, and he’d be able to see the hillside a hundred feet below, and Nursim in front of him if he raised his head a little.
Allow me to begin with a nice healthy rant. Here in Norway we don't have any convenient fabric shop chains like I enjoyed when we lived in the States. Here my only option is the local, often poorly stocked and messy haberdashery. I buy my pretty satin bias binding by the meter/ yard from a roll (about $6 per yard, ouch!). I recently asked for 1 meter and watched as it was measured out and cut before my eyes. Then I got it home and realized that the shop attendant had carefully concealed between pinched fingers the fact that the length was cut right in the middle and TAPED together. I was furious. I needed the whole thing to be one continuous piece!
Needless to say, the dining room table got a new look.
How about the people for whom the building forms a working and sometimes even living environment? The brigade is made up of around 150 full-time emergency workers, who are supported by around 50 voluntary staff and a team of 35 junior firefighters. The Benauge emergency services, which are called out on average 9,000 times a year, cover 13 administrative towns (“communes”), ranging from the narrow roads of some of the central Bordeaux districts to the residential streets of the eastern suburbs and the wide open spaces of more distant rural environments.
Shabaab in South Africa after the sudden, temporary closure of the United States embassy in Pretoria. This followed after ‘a call was monitored’ between members of Al-Shabaab in Cape Town and in Somalia – and which call had dealt with ways in which US interests could be attacked in South Africa. Apparently the attack was being planned in revenge of the death of al-Shabaab leader Adan Hashi Ayro - the group's military leader who was killed in a US missile attack on May 1 2009.
Created in Jeannie’s wonderful collage style, the pages of this story are two stories opening from the inside out, the two stories to be read "side-by-side".
Whose warm handclasp is always yours -
I hope whatever you have planned, you enjoy your holiday if you celebrate it. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to everyone.
The reason the great Jamaican stuff deepend over time, over years, not with nostalgia but with meaning and nuance, is that it’s spiritual music. That’s the anomaly underlying its power. It’s spiritual pop – not in a calculated way, like Christian rock, but in a way that comes from within. Rastafarianism, when it seized Kingston’s emerging record industry as a means for expressing its existence and point of view, made this possible. In the States, rock ‘n’ roll is always on some level a move away from God into the devil’s music, but in Jamaica the cultural conditions were different. Pop grew toward Jah. (280)
Now, let's get the party started.
Good hustle player and good production with 26.0 tackles for loss and 14 sacks. Better run Defender then pass rusher.
At this activity day I was chatting to a service provider of activities for children with additional needs. The ultimate aim, he said, would be equality to the point where disabled children got to hang around on street corners. And I said yes. Yes. YES. I want my child to be able to hang around on street corners.
The Bramling Cross had very large vivid green cones and were ready to harvest a week or two before the Target. To be honest, I probably harvested them a week too late. Many of the cones had begun to be tinged with brown, but I couldn't pick any sooner as we caught the tail end of Hurricane Katia just when I wanted to harvest and it became too wet.
Thurman began her career as a fashion model at age 15, and signed with the agency Click Models. She made her movie debut in 1988, appearing in four films that year, none of them a box office success. Her breakthrough came in her role as Cecile de Volanges in Dangerous Liaisons, but uncomfortable about her role and her success she fled to England.
Valid XHTML
After eating right, the next best thing you can do for your heart is to take it on a walk. No literally, go for a walk! It doesn’t take much exercise to lower your risk of heart disease. The American Heart Association recommends just 30 minutes a day on most days to help reduce your risk of heart disease. And we’re not talking about marathon training here either people, it’s something as simple as taking a brisk walk with the girls to catch up instead of your usual weekly lunch date. The point is to get your heart working a little harder than when your sitting at your desk the other 10 hours of the day. Little changes in your life will translate into huge impacts in both your heart and quality of life.
With the new walls, wall colour, furniture, lamps, bed and bedding the room has transformed into a very charming bedroom. All done, the last thing on my agenda Friday was getting the headboard mounted just in time for the first guests to arrive on the weekend. I snapped off this picture very quickly, sorry for the quality.
Celandine is in the poppy family. Along with the pretty flowers of bloodroot, which I would love to have in our yard. The sap contains red latex, which can cause skin and eye irritation. Of course, poppy is also where morphine was derived. In ancient times an herbal preparation was used as an analgesic and sedative. That’s a fun aside, but I would not try it myself.
There’s one common theme among all farmers on March 31 though: excitement for planting.
David Gregory Arce, 36, New York, N.Y.
Request No. 4
There used to be a giant penis sculpture in front of the sex theatre that erupted every hour (only water came out, you’d have to pay for anything more) but it was removed a few years ago because apparently even the RLD has its limits. Who woulda thought?
It's interesting how attractive archery can be if it's organised the right way. You can't say duels are boring. The archers still shoot at the targets, not at each other, of course. But they compete in pairs against each other. And the best one qualifies for the next round. Not me, but you know what I mean. I'd love to upload some photos and I will as soon as I get them and as soon as I delete some from my web gallery.
I think you guys will understand when I tell you I have a Problem. A Book Problem. In that if I see something I want, I will snatch it up, regardless of how many more books I have waiting for me. This leads to a sizable backlog in my To Read pile. And between a trip to Chamblin Bookmine (pictured above) with my mom, all the free books I snagged in San Diego, and the inevitable trek to the Borders sale, my pile is getting bigger and bigger.
How do you get the remaining pages to stay together, and stay put? When I pop in the shadowbox I make sure there is sufficient glue holding it in - all edges are covered with a PVA glue. The remaining pages I tend to dab a bit of glue in between every 5- 10 pages - also by painting the edges of the book with a glue tends to help it stay together (I haven't done it with this book though - a bit slack at 2am in the morning lol!)
Little One is mostly potty trained! She still wears a pull up to bed because we don't have a washer/dryer to was the sheets in case she wets the bed during the night. She's been doing so well though telling us when she has to go pee pee or poo poo!
KRYON
They may try and sell ya,
This is the rules for the Themed Wednesdays post, just in case you were wondering what they are.
OMG - other medical guru
for God himself is judge.
Nobody says that, right? I mean unless you’re dating? It’s not like you tell whoever flashed by your inner eye that they did indeed flash by your inner eye. Naked.
While each has some strong points about them, none of them are what we need.
They can tell stories, bring new energy to life, help us to shapeshift and transform,
Overall, it was an interesting - not to mention nerve-wracking - experience. But good fun for catching up with old friends and contacts and making some new ones.
10) How many pounds gone forever are you celebrating?? :)
Well, before I go any further, let me make one thing clear. Be under no illusion - the transition absolutely does effect things.
You hate to feel this way.
Many fanks I deu owe to my the Aunt Dav & Uncle Benjy!
What fun! It was a cloud-free, hot summer’s day but a gentle cooling breeze guided us gently through the steel girders and artfully strung cables that make the Brooklyn Bridge the icon it is today. Great views across the East River and NYC’s downtown skyline, framed by the lines and squares of the bridge cables, made it quite thrilling, despite the heat haze. It’s only a 20-minute or so amble and was really worthwhile.
This sounds like the norm for many people but for me for the last 10 years or so I have been fortunate to drive to work and it was usually a 10 minute drive to work so jumping on a bus will be an adjustment!!
On low heat in a pan, melt 1 tbsp butter, brush sides of pan with melted butter. Turn heat up to med-high. Place unwrapped caramel candies in the pan a few at a time, letting them melt before adding more. This will prevent burning. Stir frequently, scraping bottom of pan, for about 10-15 minutes and all candy is melted. Dip pretzels in caramel and place on wax paper. Allow to cool at room temperature until caramel is stiff. Wrap individually or group them in bags. Tie with a pretty bow.
Like 99% of you, I didn’t know Dick Clark. He could have been a wonderful man or a terrible man, I really don’t know.
Haagen Dazs ‘Five’ Vanilla Bean ice cream
Moreover, all the drivers I know are smart people. If we're at your house at 5:05 am for a 5:15 am pickup, we won't ring the doorbell. I have no clue as to how your household's constituted - who sleeps late, who rises early, whether there are children, whether your wife got up at 4:00 am to cook you pancakes.
What? I thought she had beads to give away!
LS: I struggle with feeling burnt out and uninspired. Even though I only have a few produced scripts, I feel like I've been writing a long time. Sometimes it's hard to live in LA. The same things that make it great can also make it feel overwhelming. Thinking as a director now, it's harder to write a first draft freely, beginning to end, warts and all, and then give myself the space to fix stuff in later drafts. I find myself rewriting as I go, which can be helpful, but slower. Now I struggle with "what's next". I feel like I threw the kitchen sink at "Seeking A Friend". It explores so many of the themes that swim in my head, and the high concept made it easier to write character-driven scenes within set-pieces. Point is, I'm in my head too much and should probably get some fresh air.
Huh. We'd worked on having it not just be about the beer, because Stoudt's excels at making it about everything: the restaurant, the entertainment, bread baking, cheese making, their Stoudtburg village next door...it's all pretty cool (and the cheese is fricking awesome). But PBS is calling the shots at this point, and I could hardly argue with them wanting more beer in it, so I crammed an email full of as much info as I could get down in five minutes about what makes Stoudt's beers work, and what makes them different, and yeast, and hops, and malt; told Rudy that if he needed it, I could do voiceover work at the studio on Saturday, and ran out the door.
The line is dead. I stand and stare helplessly at the phone. And wait. Twenty minutes, half an hour, a year later it seems, she phones. He's okay she says the police are here. He has been shot in the leg. They think its a high powered air rifle. He has a nasty wound in his thigh. The armed response unit are here.
While we try to make more and more movies, all the more we are trapped into some sort of conventional formats of movie making. It’s like they’re all the same if you try to observe. That’s why seldom do I watch Filipino horror, it does not appear to be real. Why? Because the story is lacking. We get one point and then we just complicate. Like in the movie Dalaw (Kris Aquino) which disappointed me the most, the whole point of the movie is just about revenge of a mistress, not to mention the ineffective acting of Manang Olga, and the hilarious scream “Paolooooo!”. We lack the element of suspense, mystery, technicality, and evolving cinematography. There are only few horror movies that I appreciated. Some of them are Sigaw (The Echo), Ouija, Matakot ka sa Kulam, and just recently, The Road. What do they have in common? Story and good direction.
-Whitmire thinks Demick is too sarcastic
Prep. time: 3 min.
They have been nesting there for at least ten years. Note that the garden center has two pallets that are left alone for the owls to nest on (marked “OWL NEST” in one of the pictures), which I find endearing. You can see where there have been hanging out because there are streaks of poop on the wall. They do fly off to forage, but nest there in the garden center. They have successfully brought off chicks!
i was invited last week to an event put on by tana and melanie for their new site mom's best HOT products. it was a beautiful event and you can see more of the images from the evening taken by bri here. food was delicious & the company was awesome! i created a couple logos for tana a while ago, including her current site's logo--so it was fun to meet up with her!
Were dolphin-like; they show’d his back above
Hunger – I’m quite certain the last thing males want to do after having the pearls batted around is eat. Well thanks to hormones that’s all we want to do. Not normal food or average portions either.
Three years *gasp*!!!!
Among the report’s findings:
(Random Thought: Is it possible I needed that hemorrhoidectomy due to my intense dislike of tight asses? Could I have subsconsciously loosened mine every time some bitch in a bad uniform annoyed me?)
Nancy’s aggressive use of sign language has also impressed her parents. Take an example of standing next to a pot if she needs drinking water and stretching her hand for food whenever she’s hungry.
Then, last night, I received this email from her.
ブッダ：まぁ、その章はポルノが親密な意味のある愛と売り物のエンターテイメント用のセックスと混同させるから、ポルノに影響される人たちにとって異性と親密な関係を築くのを難しくさせるって話。ジェームソンある？
14.Talking About My Girl
“I thought 3 had been retired,” the pilot grimaced.
162. “A man must make his opportunity, as oft as find it.” – Francis Bacon
SAT -- bluh. That sort of deserves a post of its own.
So then we were hanging out inside the house. There was a relatively large hangout — me and my friends, and then someone else and their friends. It reminded me of years ago at Shannon & Christian’s when Summer lived downstairs and her friends would be hanging out at the same time we were. “The others”. We had the news on to hear if there was anything about the airplane crash.
On the occasions that we do see each other, Honey will usually travel to me, we'll plug in a couple of guitars and without even speaking we'll 'jam', for want of a better word, for hours at a time. Even though much of that stuff never makes it to tape, it can be magical. As I say, I'm no musician, but Honey is about the only person I can feel comfortable enough with to pretend I am one. She is very generous in that respect and seems to enjoy those moments as much as I do.
the old drawer shut, thunk
Today was just as busy. We had the 2 mile walk in the morning, then lunch at my grandma's. After lunch, we hit up the zoo for a couple of hours! We did eat out again for dinner (Jasons Deli tho, and both of us can eat there for 10 bucks or less). And then this evening, we joined my best friend and her little boy for a grown-up (although PG) movie. We didn't get home til late, but it sure was fun!
Progress is moving quickly now in the bathroom....it's amazing what can happen when PROFESSIONALS do the job! W3Tile is now on the job....yay Wes! This guy works FAST. And I don't mean just kinda fast....I mean SUPER fast! This was the floor at the end of yesterday....all leveled with the fancy tile backer stuff.
On the stage, the holograms of nine dead historians lounged in oversized armchairs. They went down the line with intros, and then it was his turn.
In the same way that we fall into the arms of a loved one or drop our heads on the pillow at night, we can surrender into the beauty and truth of who and what we really are. Falling into Grace is a book that gets to the core of why we suffer. It is Adyashanti’s invitation “to be taken by a moment of grace and fall into a sense of life when it is not separate from you, when life is actually an expression of something indefinable, mysterious, and immense.”
1. Secular separation between religion and state; or theocracy with syaria law?
strawberries – a regular pound size container that are almost the point where they are too ripe. The darker the berry, the sweeter the juice I always say.
On the day of Pentecost, ten days later, His Apostles were transformed when they received the Holy Spirit and began converting thousands and organizing the Church.
Initially the SWP member present seemed to oppose this idea and said it wasn't important to back such a demo! He even went as far as to say that the campaign to stop the BNP in the Euro-elections was not a failure! At this point I had to interrupt to point out that the BNP did get elected so it quite clearly was a failure, one we must all learn from. Eventually seeing that the tide had turned and the majority in the room supported the strategy of a real class alternative it was agreed that Cardiff UAF would publicise both YFJ demonstrations. This has not always been the case and in the past leading figures in UAF generally from the SWP have blocked this kind of support for a class based demonstration, nevertheless this change is most certainly welcome.
The truth about being a bereaved mother is that it is exhausting. We cry until our tears become leather. Night after night, we beg God or Jehovah or Yahweh or Allah or Mother Earth for just one more day with our children. We cannot find our keys or our toothbrush or our parked car or our hearts. We strive to uncover the "why" but there are no good answers to those countless questions which taunt us and eventually collect webs in the backs of our minds.
Here is my offering.
We were in the liberal echo chamber last night and saw the video of an embarrassed John McCain forced to defend Barak Obama.
Lookin' back now I can see me
I must know more. I just find it hard to wrap my head around this happening to people. And the fact that it is so common - that most every person has experienced this sheer lack of humanity MORE THAN ONCE, that people are capable of this! - boggles the mind.
1/2 pound unsalted butter, melted and cooled
then there is the fair cake team- shikhita, jess and jess! they are just the loveliest, sweetest bunch of girls and so much fun to hang out with, thanks so much guys for making me feel at home! here is a cute pic of us all before heading for a night out!
From the point of view of the residents, the effort had a number of surprising benefits. First, it alerted the rest of the New York metropolitan area that there really were actually people who lived in Hell’s Kitchen for whom pornography was not a victimless crime. Second it strengthened the backbone of Mayor Beame’s augmented Times Square anti-pornography task force to seek to shut down pornographic businesses, and of the local police to more aggressively try to arrest prostitutes. (prostitution after all was a crime, though hardly prosecuted under the Lindsay administration). Third, having groups of middle class people confronting the prostitutes and pimps who thought they owned the streets made them less cocky and brazen. Fourth there developed a comraderie and greater sense of community among the residents who participated. Later theater owners, such as Gerald Schonfeld provided financial backing, and women’s groups joined the effort with pornography tours.
Having been married for 14-years, their relationship is one of the few Hollywood successes.
JAMMERS
Christmas At The Creek
I didn't take pics of the installation part of this project, because I was working like a crazy mad woman to get it all done before my son woke up from his nap. You basically take the mortar and mix it like the directions say -- water and the mortar, mix it up -- that's it! Make sure to do this outside with a mask on.
We've been in Dar for almost 2 weeks now and still no sign of baby's arrival. I'll post more about our time here soon.
When BBC TV, ITV, Channel 4, Channel 5 or Sky buy a major blockbuster movie, the distributors tend to tell them they can only have it if they also buy a bundle of less-good movies as part of the deal. That feels like good marketing by the distributors, rather than blackmail or corruption.
Then where does the 1 in 166 prevalence figure came from? The source Autism Speaks provided, Bertrand et al. (2001), does not report this figure. Autism Speaks' epidemiological expert, Michael Rosanoff, helpfully informed me that Autism Speaks was using figures from the US only, in calculating the Autism Speaks 1.5 million.
When I published my list of the Top 50 Greatest Drinking Songs of All-Time back in August 2006 it caused a few debates and remains as one of the top viewed entries on Lyke2Drink. With a little help from some friends and suggestions from loyal readers, I've decided to revise and expand the list. After all, music and drinking just kind of go together -- especially in these tunes.
When the brightness
the last two weeks, the curriculum theme was transportation.
Friend: "That date is no where near as bad as what you hinted it would be."
Speaking of Kid Cudi, this Summer he teamed up with Bethany Cosentino of Best Coast, and Rostam Batmanglij of Vampire Weekend to create one of the best tracks to leak out of the dog days, the little-known Converse release, “All Summer.” These three giants of modern Indie Music have created the perfect song for those of you who want to punch Fall in the face, knocking it back into dormancy for a few more weeks. “All Summer” was written by Batmanglij and features Cudi spitting nostalgic verses with lush imagery of Summer days and nights past, and a catchy bubble-gum pop chorus bred from the ghostly vocals of Cosentino.
Now there is the whining of cargo plane engines. My husband sits next to me and tells me their names. He tells me why he knows which ones they are. It is because of a whine they make, high pitched and piercing. Its different from engine to engine. I lie in bed and hear them taking off and landing. The line is nowhere near my house, yet they are still loud enough to hear. They are loud enough for him to know.
Being such a huge Jeaniene Frost, I automatically bought this book without putting much thought into it. Why would I? I loved her books! But reading as many books as I do, sometimes I only have a hazy memory of what happened in the previous book. This was the case with This Side of the Grave, I couldn't remember too much of what happened, so before I opened One Grave at a Time, I reread my review of the previous book. Which reminded me that I found the last book a little disappointing. There was a "Oh no!" moment, worrying that this book might go along the same route, but I pushed it aside. Different book, different story, no reason why it should be disappointing. And it wa a lot better than the previous one!
I have the whole day ahead of me here in London. Where shall I go? Maybe to check out one or two things? Is the Draft House cask beer any good? Is the Southampton Arms still buzzing? What about Mason and Taylor, not far at all and like the Draft House, shall we say challenged in the cask ale department, at least it was previously? That certainly could do with a check, as similar to the Draft House, I like the place immensely, but not so much the warm beer. Maybe Welsh beer at the Rake? I know. Welsh beer, but still.
Yes, yes, I realize that my instructions for the HappyU exercise only used up sixty of the seventy seconds. What should you do for the last ten seconds? How should I know? You are your own person and can use this ten seconds as you like. In fact you can make changes in this exercise and customize it to your liking. The important thing is to find a way to change your mood in seventy seconds so that you can have more fun. And believe me, if you are having more fun, the people around you will also. Fun is contagious.
Thor: He’s my brother
Our futures are all we have, those mysterious sequences of physical and mental experiences that build our lives. So we can cope with the 102-year-old woman who falls asleep one night and doesn’t wake up. Even though it hurts and we may feel like crawling into a corner and bawling our eyes out until the world makes sense, we can move on after losing a grandparent – but it’s hard to accept that we may lose a teenager, a child, or an infant.
She was a flapper in the roaring '20s of Chicago. After nine years of courtship her father finally permitted the marriage. (They loved her Bill, but he had to establish himself first, and my mother was only 14 when they met.)
bitten: no
An Object of Beauty had an art theme, and we sometimes try to match our refreshments, or decorations, or both, to the theme of our book. So...what should I do? Ah ha! I'll get out one of my favorite go-to treat books and look for the perfect desert.
This one is in the kitchen and involves…can you guess?? I’m sure you’ll be shocked.
When i use to cry…
This newly discovered stereo recording captures the atmosphere of the concert really well and must have been taped using high quality equipment (I would guess chrome tapes and a Nakamichi). The sound is consistently warm, dynamic and detailed - basically all you could hope for from an audience recording of a Wall concert from this era.
And, the Corp is "not ruling out" larger releases. This has generated a lot of anger. People feel helpless because the Corps has complete power over the river system, and many see it as an unfeeling, uncaring government entity. Lots of people have also expressed the opinion that the Corps has known about this snow pack for a long time and could have alleviated the situation by beginning releases a while ago.
The big-budget drama of TBS, “Nankyoku Tairiku“, also slightly recovered from last week’s nosedive, but can they really be satisfied with ‘only’ 15.0% (+1.6%)? Maybe they should give the actual protagonists, the huskies, more screen time than the actors, or give Ashida Mana more scenes…
Here I stand, exposed but covered by grace, broken but beautiful.
1 transforms
She's slipping out of the backyard of my heart this morning...and skipping off down the street to her first day of school. And never again will she be completely mine.
The facade that you pulled
Ph: 317-602-3931
- Mercedes Bargeboards
Don’t be shy…
Verdict: Not OP. Keep him at a distance, fire him down if he’s not glowing and run if he is, and above all try not to be set on fire for the good of everyone, just to reduce the chance of crits.
I’ll still be sore Monday, but I appreciate the sentiment.
11 Home (Clarkson, Clarkson, Steeden) 3:35
1 Tbs tomato paste
Literally. A worker fell. She was ill and needed an ambulance. I helped while they went to get help. I blocked the hallway so no kids could come out. Then I blocked the other side of the hallway so no one crowded around her.
I’ve always like to pool paint or ink on a surface and trying to control its patterns with varying degrees of success, creating drips and splatters. It’s my old friends chaos and control coming to the fore again and again…
The discussion moved into talking about writing what readers want. Crais commented that he could create a poll and ask readers if Lucy and Elvis should get married, or if he should let Lucy be hit by a truck. He hypothesized that perhaps 60% might say, 'let them get married.' If he wrote that book, then those who wanted her hit by a truck wouldn't read it, and those who wanted her to get married would already know the ending, so they wouldn't read it either.
but at least I’ve tried.
Back to a Monday rehearsal this week. Prepping some new material for recording in a couple of weeks' time. We also had a meeting with an industry insider to discuss global expansion and plans for an exciting 2010.
Addressing the California delegation at the Republican convention, he told them, “The real question for 1988 is whether we’re going to go forward to tomorrow or past to the—to the back!”
5. It's important to get off your blog if you want to build your blog. But every step you take takes time. A lot of time. Find your own rhythm with it all.
mixes each and every mix is hand measured
1. Elemental
Hi Folks! I was reading this blog post about product-recall-mania today and nodded along with so much of it, I asked the writer, Julie Colwell, if I could post it and she said sure. So here it is, slightly edited:
And now a confession, I am a horrible editor i can't do it. So i have a girl her a friend of mine that helps me with it shows me what i need to edit and changes small things herself. This is me giving her an awesome thank you and the credit she deserves since her name does not appear on my stories so Rebecca THANK YOU!!! i am always in your debt for helping me!
4. Gently fold the ground almond and icing sugar mixture into the egg whites until it resembles shaving foam and falls in ribbons.
Q2: Balancing books is badly needed. How much budget is the council free to spend?
10. During the time my wife and I lived in Knoxville, TN my father and high-school aged brothers visited us on vacation. One day, while my wife was at school, the group of us guys headed to the Great Smoky Mountain National Park for the traditional motor tour of Clingsman Dome and Cades Cove. While in the Cove, we stretched our legs for a few miles on the Rich Mountain Trail. About a half-mile into the woods we came upon two bucks locked in battle pushing each other all over the forest floor. It was late fall, so maybe they were in rut, vying for the right to mate with the does in the area. It was such a violent sight. They would drive away at each other, quite willing to stab the other with their antlers if necessary. Fortunately that did not happen here, but it was quite a sight I will not soon forget.
We were quiet for a few minutes. I leaned my head on his chest and listened to the sound of his breathing.
into something else
We have been given back the keys to our flat and we are moving stuff over.
MS: Troy, as we talk today, we need a working definition of what porn is. How would you define it?
Despite all of these things - the one thing which will stay with me for ever are the friends I have made along the way. There are 5 of us who regularly run the Pack - me and one other every week, the other 3 pop in and out to help keep the adult : child ratio correct but have also done their fair share of every week as well over the years, but now due to proper job and life commitments, have had to reduce the amount of time they can share with us.
He had the entire day to plan it out and to see what type of life had eluded him all these years. He found Minerva’s panties, all powder blue and lacy balled up next to the wash, they were still moist and he couldn’t help but inhale their aroma of sex. He wouldn’t be denied tonight, he’d get some of that before Trey got home, He’d also make sure Trey would never want a taste of her ever again, the razor blades would see to that.
Friday was Ry's last day with the babysitter she has had for a long time. Unfortunately, I had to make a tough decision, and I made it. I would never have expected the long chain of consequences to result from that decision, but it is what it is. I have to put my daughter's needs and our ability to have a happy life first.
(Optional: preheat oven to 300 degrees F. to keep Potato Latkes warm on a baking sheet, with paper towel liner removed, until serving time.)
Well, the Cults got me. From top to bottom, this album is full of songs that make me feel like a kid again. After starting with the one-two punch of Abducted and Go Outside, the album continues with strong tunes showcasing Madeline Follin’s 60′s girl-pop ready voice and music heavy on catchy guitar riffs and piano/organ combos. I could go on about their influences, but I’d rather talk about a song nestled toward the end of the record that I keep coming back to, Bad Things.
-Caitlin G.
Before I had kids I used to think answering a child's questions was a wonderful way to help that child grow and become a better human being. I was eager to respond to any child's general inquiries about life and the world, to have the opportunity to share my knowledge and help that child learn.
Organisers believed Maire, who was born in Canada and now lives in Galway with her boyfriend, was eligible when entering the competition.However, they recently learned the brunette beauty is ineligible as she doesn’t fit in with the Miss World rule that all contestants must be under 26 on August 1.In a statement, Miss Ireland chiefs Brendan Scully and Sean Montague insisted they’d no idea the part-time model was outside the strict age bracket for the competition.They said: “Maire Hughes had a meeting with Miss Ireland organisers after the event on Sunday, April 29, to outline her duties and responsibilities as Miss Ireland. “At the meeting it transpired Miss Hughes is 25 but would be 26 going to Inner Mongolia to represent Ireland. We immediately contacted Miss World officials to clarify the rules regarding the age of entrants and unfortunately Miss Hughes doesn’t meet the criteria.”
The episode also stars Bill Bailey and Arabella Weir.
Half a small chicken (about 400 to 450 gm)
Hicky from Shuffle (Melbourne / Japan)
It is shocking that McBride's subordinates threatened people on the scene of the accident with firearms, Johnson said. "Residents of the country deserve better."
Within my chest.
Living in God’s presence under the shelter of His provision and protection is a result of submission to Him and obeying His voice because we love Him and choose to live for Him rather than for ourselves. As we choose to live in this place of abundant life in Christ, when we call out to God, He comes to us, saves us, delivers us, protects us, guards us, answers us, rescues us, honors and satisfies us (Psalm 91:14-16). Now that’s abundant life! A place where our prayers meet God’s provision and protection. I hope you’ll read and internalize this powerful Psalm.
I love things with multipurpose!
THEY OFFERED TO PARTNER WITH CHINA IN WORLD DICTATORSHIP
9: The Sun has entered Capricorn when it begins moving north for six months. It has entered Cancer when it begins moving south for six months.
2. Add the veggies, onion, and garlic and saute until the veggies are tender, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
So...long story short (too late, I know!): It was for THIS is the reason I decided to finally hire a web design company to build my new website. (The awesomeness of Hanee Designs) Since building websites is clearly in my Zone of Competence (and sometimes even in my Zone of Incompetence) so that I could spend more time living in my Zone of Genius. Meaning, spending more time brainstorming and writing books!
Lions center Dominic Raiola has a different mindset about playing in the NFL. Raiola knows that it's a brutal game and doesn't have any regrets. He knows what he signed up for and says he wouldn't think of ever suing the league.
Just now I have read a good post about making money online with paid forum posting and being an active member of forum community I decided to give it a try. The website I want to speak about is called PostLoop.com.
And for a bonus, we ran into some people we had not seen for many months, or even years.
You have until May 14th to show us how you make your favorite Copic clouds. We'd love to see 'em!
All this cold weather talk has me longing for SPRING and those warm weather fashions. Perfect timing for today’s giveaway from La Posh Style, a small online boutique. Here’s a sample of their fabulous collection of dresses:
Not pretty: Ms Avins described skinning the creature as ‘horrific’ and found herself crying by the end of the process, when she finally held the full pelt in her hands
if I push me arms into me sides,
I’d have to say all four of those resonate with me, to some extent.
Wearing his grin, Horrow asked Ratner, "Do you see the Brooklyn brand and new facility as a recruiting advantage?
I will also soon be posting a whole load of photographs of the new little lady! She is ever so cute and so far has been an absolute angel!! I couldn't be happier!!
Do your pets gather around you when you are at the computer?
The fact attainment was out of...
The salesman with whom I began this post should, if he was a good salesman, have known that Spain (or the rest of Europe) is not the USA. Successful sales professionals from distant lands have taken on a Spanish persona to accomplish their goals. Be warned, many are bewitched by the country and never return home.
"Yeah. We're supposed to write down everything we eat for the week."
I’m thinking of a couple of friends of mine.
Climbing Stairs – Not a Problem Anymore
Logan has had kind of a taking spurt. He pulls stuff out sometimes we had no idea he knew. I think between Hayden's LOUD personality. And Olivia's chatty-cathy-ness. He just can't get a word in! Literally! His speech is still usually less clear than the other two. And he has some "words" that I have no idea why he says what he says. For example he calls Francesco from the CARS movie "Da-man." NO IDEA!
Wild Billy's Circus Story
other amounts received tax free from the policy exceed the aggregate premiums that the client has paid into the policy. Although, as noted, dividends are not guaranteed, they are paid at the end of the policy year and may be used to purchase paid-up insurance, sometimes referred to as additional insurance.
After firing I see him lean aside and look eagerly off to note the
In May, de Soto and his men reached the Mississippi River, the first Europeans ever to do so. Desoto named the River, The Rio Grande de la Florida, meaning " The Great River of Florida. But the Native Americans in their wisdom, continued to call the river, "Mississippi Father of Waters". Stunned by its size but scarcely aware of the importance of their discovery, the Spaniards moved quickly to build barges for crossing - not only to avoid conflict with brooding locals, but also to continue their relentless quest for riches.
Against the rubber tongues of cows and
Update: still trying to learn how to slow down the gif, but I did figure out a trick that seems to help.
Not welcomed and not loved, anywhere:
First off, before I get any further, let me say that this meet was run under very, very poor weather conditions. Yet there were some very good marks that came out of this meet. And most certainly there are athletes in this conference that will have a lot to say about who takes home the hardware in Eugene next month.
Only one chance existed to get off the planet. He filled his lungs with air then pumped his legs as he raced past the Erebus toward the office.
but we, having accomplished the same journey,
These are just the vegetarian recipes that I thought could be easily used for main dishes. There are many other vegetable/vegetarian side dishes, as well as a whole chapter on seafood, if you only avoid chicken and red meat.
We are only at the beginning and the only thing that has been determined is that Arabs are fed up and that we won’t back down.
In 2007 the church had officially become multi-site. My husband was still on worship team and he was playing at the new site. In the fall of 2007 I felt like God might want me to go back to the worship team. I mentioned this to the worship leader but things didn’t happen the way I wanted them to.
This slow motion can be determined from misfitting magnetic anomalies on the Indian, Capricorn and Australian parts of the Indian-Australian plate – you can’t close a circuit with the African and Australian plates without moving these parts relative to each other. As well as the broken circuit and the intraplate seismicity, gravity and seismic data show the boundary zones are characterized by moderate wavelength folding (and possibly elastic buckling too) affecting the entire crust.
My blogs have been all over the place lately. From ed to moving and relationships and parenting and whatever is in between there. But I haven’t given my bulimia the “air time” maybe I should except 4 my throat hurting so bad. And no I haven’t purged even though I’ve desperately wanted to cuz I’m too scared at the moment. Laxatives are most likely in my near future though. Food has definately been helping through all my emotions lately I’ve noticed. As I’m packing earlier eating some chicken nuggets (not some, like 20 probably) and drinking soda (I don’t even like soda, y have I been drinking it so much lately?) I realize I’m not even hungry. Nor was I when I got home and ate like 3 granola bars. Was I hungry last night when I had like 3 ice cream sandwiches? Ok this list can seriously go on but the point is proven. This last week of packing and getting serious about moving has been stressful and tolling and I guess I’ve been dealing with it the only way I know how. And because of this I hate looking at myself in the mirror. I really feel disgusting. I catch myself flirting sometimes and then think later really? Wtf are you doing? Your just Embarrasing yourself! I really wanna think I’m gonna get into my exercise DVDs n eating healthy once I’m in my place. But I don’t know… I know I wanna b healthy for my kids. I know life is easier when your smaller and if anyone wants to argue with me I can give tons of living proof. But fuck… Food is always there. And so is that relief of purging. Id do it right now but it’d wipe my energy n I’d get nuthin else done tonight. If I could afford it I’d follow maureens advice and go back to rehab… Hopefully her and I can really get down to buisness now since she’s all I can afford… Considering she’s free!
Our lovely neighbour Jenny has one of them now as it was her birthday yesterday.
Folding Stool
Another beer from the California based brewers. They claim "This ale contains no actual copper but we're pretty literal... It looked coppery, so we lamely called it a copper ale." Pretty funny claim, yet true none the less. I picked this one up when I made my own 6 pack at Bruisin' Ales in Asheville.
In Milton Keynes, two Somalis, Mohammed Farah and Amin Ahmed Ismail were shot dead in an execution style, leading police to believe it was a gang-land drugs hit. The town is situated in the stock-broker belt of Buckinghamshire and is home — believe it or not — to a close-knit Somali community of around 10,000…
I actually missed the smell of smoke and,
But Obama and the Democrats are lost, stuck in peddling poor policy for their Union devotion. Unfortunately for us all, Reid's survival will make many think this is their best route, and we will all suffer for it in the long run.
the rocks that made this town, shining
It wasn’t long before stories arose about the perceived evil woman who had lost four husbands. The legend has her travelling each night from Fitz House in Tavistock to Okehampton Castle in a carriage made from the bones of her husbands and driven by a headless driver. A huge black dog with crimson eyes precedes the coach whose horses are lashed on by the headless driver. As the coach passes the ghostly white figure
When simplicity is required, Jane is the perfect garment.
Heat pure ghee in heavy bottom kadai. Add besan and Mix well. Be carefull that lumps should not form. Roast it stiring continuously on low flame. Initially it will feel dry but if you go on stiring it will get little loose. When the colour changes to golden brown and you can feel nice aroma. Turn off the flame. When it get cool add powdered sugar, cardamom powder and chopped dry fruits in it and mix wel. Make small balls.... ladoo from it and on top of it put one raisin and slightly press it. Lovely ladoos are ready for Lakshmi Poojan Naivedyam.
Comprising Figures and Descriptions of Upwards of One Hundred New, Singular, and Beautiful Species; Together with some that are of Importance in Medicine, Domestic Economy, &c.
It's like last summer never happened. The expenses scandal which rocked the establishment and led to mass resignations and MPs being arrested was a figment of our perverse imaginations.
Place the dough onto a piece of greased parchment paper (I used THIS coconut oil spray). Using a rolling pin, roll the dough out in a circle shape with even thickness throughout. Place the bottom parchment with the unbaked wraps onto a cookie sheet (I make sure it isn't stuck to the parchment otherwise it is hard to release after baking). Bake at 350º for 20 minutes or until done throughout (this will depend on how thick you rolled the dough). Use for sandwiches! Yum! Makes 6 wraps.
The hall is opposite the offices of the Queen, “Paleis Noordeinde”, and is at the back of a former palace, the “Paleis Kneuterdijk”, now used by the Council of State. The oldest part of this palace was built for a member of the rich and influential van Wassenaer van Obdam family. Its front is a little gem:
First of all, someone remind me to up the Razor Hill education budget next year, before we get another generation of peons grimlocking their way through writing a letter.
It's the perfect size.. it holds all my stuff that I carry on a daily basis and also my computer, paint decks and tape measurer when needed. The only problem is, it doesn't have pockets. I often find myself standing there digging for my keys or phone for what seems like forever.
I used glossy card stock and ripped a rough edge with post-it notes. I sprayed both G24 and G28, trying to keep my G28 as close to my post-it notes as possible.
I know I’ve been missing, and I’m sorry for that! I’ve been recovering and working really hard (like some major overtime, which I LOVE because it means more money at the end of the year and more time off whenever I want it!!!) and trying to think about my new fitness plans and schedule, now that I have to restart. I’ve also been doing a lot of behind-the-scenes work here on the blog, mostly just organizing guest bloggers and having conversations with people about what we do!
When I read The Gastronomy of Marriage by Michelle Maisto, I was intrigued by a dish she made with Kabocha squash, sage and farfalle. Her sister, who is California-thin, complained that there was too much olive oil (the squash was sauteed in sage-infused oil). I decided to make a version for myself that was much lighter on oil, and also didn't use fresh sage (which I didn't have) or ricotta salata (which I can't get in my grocery store).
Process:
- The top ten best-selling children’s books in the UK dominated by US writers – Twilight, Wimpy Kid, Percy Jackson.
Far worse, however, is his capacity to want to “wish away” some terrible realities, not the least of which is the Islamist intention to destroy America and enslave the West. Any student of history knows how swiftly Islam initially spread. It knocked on the doors of Europe, having gained a foothold in Spain.
Our trip didn't start well, I was clearly distracted as we went through security at the airport, setting off the body scanner. No it wasn't the metal plate in my head, rather my iphone in my jeans pocket, duhhh! Then Jasmine's rucksack was singled out for special attention, they opened it up, pulling everything out, cuddly toy followed cuddly toy then came the pencil case with the incriminating scissors...double duhhh. Bizarrely the lady measured the blade on them and declared them safe to fly as they were under 6cm long - still sharp enough to be a threat I'd have thought? (On the flight home the scissors were safely tucked away in the hold luggage, neither of us could face the prospect of being pulled in by burly Italian security in Napoli, one of the homes of the Mafia)
Two of the five points that our pastor touched on were 1) A mature person is positive under pressure and 2) A mature person has mastered his mouth. These hit me hard. These past couple of weeks with my back and neck problems and being so tight on money I haven’t been the most positive person. I think that my poor boyfriend and best friend have heard me complain more than they’ve ever wanted to.
*The Turducken was a slice of “deli meat” with Turkey/Duck/Chicken “Meat Glued” together. Note the dark line down the middle is the duck.
In his magisterial work on the infancy narratives, Raymond Brown demonstrates that the story of Moses in Egypt lies behind the announcement and birth of Jesus.[12] He, along with a number of other recent commentators, points out that the account of Joseph’s dream contains echoes of a popular Jewish tradition regarding the birth of Moses who was also called to be the deliverer of the Hebrew race.[13] Moses fulfilled his calling of leading Israel out bondage in Egypt, but it was Joshua who led the people into the Promised Land through the conquest of the occupying nations. As his name suggests, Jesus could also have very well have been understood by the Matthean community as assuming the role of not only a new Moses, but also a new Joshua who would save his people from the occupying enemy nation of Rome.[14] This messianic name therefore “serves to guide the readers very effectively toward an understanding of Jesus’ life as one of saving activity.”[15]
In honor of Earth Day Sunday, and our $6.82 electric bill from March, I wanted to post the special edition stamps from the USPS. Recently I've been making quite a few trips to the post office between etsy orders and email, and every time I see these stamps and think how awesome they are.
Top with 1/2 cup heavy cream, whipped; sprinkle with shaved chocolate.
This week's focus verse for the Say It With Scripture Challenge at The Sweet 'n Sassy Connection is one of those verses that is easy to memorize but harder to put into practice. Nehemiah 8:10, "The joy of the Lord is your strength."
Contentment is something that happens when you fully embrace the place where YOU ARE….
He can witness the history. Yes he can!
Many people feel stuck or trapped in a routine despite trying different things to come out of it. The truth is, most people fail to break routines because of their unwillingness to place ‘routine work’ in the right place inside their frame of mind. Take stock first whether routine is 20% or 80% of your work.
Perhaps it is all just a coincidence... Obviously some Artists are unaware of the alternative meanings of the images that they wear on their clothes, as explained before it is a fashionable visual style. As a Musician you can not be overseeing everything your clothing company puts out, but is it the same for them all? You make your mind up if there is anything in the above information, but it is worth mentioning that unlike little N.Y. limited edition boutique companies, these companies make thousands of the same shirt, so you would think they might have noticed.
Grandparents and other family carers make a massive contribution to society by giving children a secure future and save the country billions by keeping them out of care. But they need more support from local and national government. They should be recognised as carers, protected from welfare cuts, given a national allowance and access to respite care.
Seeing one little male's vivid luminescent blue dinner jacket under the cucumber-bean trellis was a total hoot. In the dimming light, the hens could only be located by their chirrupy chatter or an occasional shimmer of a corn stalk, or strawberry leaf cluster.
But he doesn’t mind, of course, because someone has to say something. And at the risk of getting into trouble for it, he is completely at peace with it being him.
When looking at a specific city or region for a meeting / incentive trip, there is always the question of whether you should utilize the services of the local Convention and Visitors Bureau. In my opinion, the answer is yes.
3. James Van der Beek as James Van der Beek (aka “The Beek”)
Sarah "Flo" Harris PLAYTIME: lots of red and purple and black - lots of stamping, mainly patterns - quirky characters with a story - dimension and texture.
Thank you all for remembering me and giving me a shout-out on your sites…I really do appreciate it, and am honored by your recognition!!
I can’t wait to see what kind of points I can earn next month!
But I'm happy with how the story turned out. The book is called THE DAY BEFORE and I'm celebrating it's release today!
Will you compromise your faithful witness of Christ to protect yourself, your husband, or even your children? Will you really trust in the world’s protection rather than God’s vindication? Of the two groups of Christians that Jesus spoke about in Revelation, which one would you be in?
I had to pull over because I couldn't drive from laughing so hard!
Paper - Dovecraft - back to basics
He was arrested several times by Egyptian government authorities between 1949 and 1961 due of his activities with the Muslim Brotherhood. In 1951, Qaradawi toured Egypt giving political speeches in support of Brotherhood candidates for the parliamentary elections that year. Egypt banned the Muslim Brotherhood in 1954 because of its opposition to the Egyptian government.
For years now the short story has been in major decline in Britain, to the point where it's almost dead, and I began this blog lamenting this fact. It's years since the fact that short stories don't sell became established publishing wisdom and many British writers - including me, originally a short-story writer - were forced away from short-story writing into other forms. It's years since, squeezed by market forces, the British print literary magazines, the last great haven of the short story, more or less disappeared (online magazines having yet to achieve the same kind of reputation with the literary establishment). (As I've written before, I've had my own attempt to combat this last decline, but found the battle so hard it left me no time to write.)
The sad thing is you’ll always hear about Edison inventing the light bulb, and occasionally you’ll hear about Swan because that was a pretty tough thing to fully erase, but when did you ever hear about Goebels, the guy that actually did it first? It’s just another example that sometimes the story you get isn’t quite what it seems to be.
I start BUSTING out laughing. I turn to the terrified girl next to me and say, “I can’t take this seriously. And if the kid starts screaming during my exam, I’ll punt him across the room.”
A knack for making money
Drinks in hand, I thought it might be a good time to break the ice about Michelle’s recent statements regarding same sex marriage. I told her it was kind of ironic for her to say that gays and lesbians can marry, as long as they marry someone of the opposite sex. Don’t you know that everyone in the room looked at Marcus at that very instant!
and respected!
We hung around in an area just out of shot with the rest of the inquisitive public and watched a ‘street scene’ being shot. There was a fair bit of hanging about and waiting for car positions to be reset, but it was pretty cool to see the truck-rig drive by (the blurry thing above)… especially when one of the other vans almost hit it! Ha ha… Fun times. There was an audible gasp from the public and the crew – something tells me it wasn’t meant to be quite that close.
You have read my blog before, haven't you?
Then we have to do the taxes.
There’s generally a sharp reaction in the American public to funding public services to poor adults. Helping kids is acceptable. Moms are ok too as long as they are “deserving,” whatever that means. But adults, especially singles who are ill and addicted, in America maybe we’d rather not spend time and money on them. So the odds of a visceral reaction to yoga at the Bud Clark Commons were particularly high, from the media, from the public, from the board. Publicizing the practice there might have killed it. It wasn’t worth the risk.
praline/crisp insert
The word “flesh,” according to The Free Dictionary, is used in botany to mean “the pulpy, usually edible part of a fruit or vegetable” and can also mean substance. “Milk” is a term used to describe the liquid expressed from seeds, nuts and grains as well as from non-human animals and human animals.
So that is where 2010 has brought us – and I only had to lie a little bit…
With so very much love, Saul.
In my opinion, brisket is best prepared over low and slow heat. My preferred method is the crockpot. Because of the way it shreds up for sandwiches, the brisket happens to be one of my favorite cuts for barbecue.
I'm on the home stretch now....as of tomorrow, I'm officially on holidays. And I can't wait! It's been a huge year, albeit an exciting and enjoyable one, but now that it's drawing to a close I realise just how much I'm looking forward to kicking back and relaxing with my family. The pool is sparkling, the house is about to be cleaned top to bottom, and I'm sending the very last of my orders for the year. Just one last little bit of housekeeping: my Etsy store will remain open over the holidays, and orders are more than welcome, but any orders placed after today will not be sent until January 4th.
A detail of The Picture of Dorian Gray by Ivan Albright, found at the Art Institute of Chicago. A Moral Event Horizon is a line that a person or character crosses that makes them irredeemably evil.
by Joy Harjo
Third place this season would be a good starting point. ’til Tomorrow.
Anyone out there who can advise - that would be most welcome. From my research it seems one either interferes completely or leaves it alone and lets nature take its course - I am going for the latter, as I am sure Mama Duck knows better than me how to look after her offspring..
I’ve come to terms with passing on my vinyl these days, but that doesn’t mean I’m not having problems keeping my CD collection as condensed as possible. And the greatest challenge I have at present is through the collectors or deluxe edition style of marketing. By way of example, go along my CD racks and you’ll find three versions of The Undertones’ first two albums, two more of the last before Feargal Sharkey’s departure, four more collections of hits and rarities and the two albums since their reformation. Needless to say, I still have the vinyl too – 7”s, 12”s and LPs.
The second half of May is look especially busy with the release of Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Future soldier (22nd US, 24th Eur) on Xbox360 and PS3, Risen 2: Dark Waters (22nd US, 25th Europe, 24th Aus) on Xbox 360 and PS3 and Dragons Dogma (22nd US, 25th Eur, 24th Aus & Japan) on the Xbox 360 and PS3. Of these games the only one I am really interested in is Ghost Recon though even that will probably be a rental for me. the demo of Dragons Dogma didn’t sell me on the game, though I liked the ideas I felt the controls were a little too haphazard for my liking.
As a reminder, the salt pile first emerged last winter and grew to enormous proportions last Spring. It was initially uncovered last Spring, sending salt flurries through the air and leaving a film everywhere, but it was eventually covered due to pressure from CoWNA and elected officials. It was determined at the time that the pile could remain at this location, as long as it remained covered. It seems that whoever was responsible for keeping it covered has not done their job, and the neighborhood is once again subject to this annoying and potentially dangerous situation.
"So do not worry and say, 'What are we to eat?' or 'What are we to drink?' or 'What are we to wear?' All these things the pagans seek. Your heavenly Father knows that you need them all. But seek first the kingdom (of God) and his righteousness, and all these things will be given you besides. Do not worry about tomorrow; tomorrow will take care of itself. Sufficient for a day is its own evil." Matthew 6:31-34I got a text later that morning that she made it to NYC safely. I smiled, and envied her.
Maize Oil extracted from corn germs of Central America, Maize Oil delivers emollient and anti-oxidant active ingredients for ultimate shine.
This just seemed almost more than I could handle. I guess it wasn’t luck that we needed, but a miracle. I have faith in God, but right then I was questioning whether or not He cared about my personal appearance or my ability to hear and to eat.
soars amid the clouds, tethered just
Boy: Sorry you need a receipt. He points to the return policy.
I’m over the moon, with showers of love
Eventually the Doctor discovered the heart of the ship where the Smilers and their controllers were torturing the Whale with electric shocks to keep it moving and faced the impossible situation. Angered that he would now have to sacrifice the life of an innocent and one of a kind being to save billions the Doctor was prepared to labotamise the Space Whale so it would no longer feel pain from the torture. Amy however noticed the Whale's neural tendrils affectionately playing with the children who the whale always refused to eat when they were sent down below. Remembering the Doctor's lesson about always observing she quickly put the pieces together and ran over to the control system to press the "Abdicate" button freeing the Whale. The ship however did not explode has was originally feared but instead started to move faster "Well now that the pilot's not being tortured" Amy explained have deduced that the Whale had come willingly and was still willing to help the people of Great Britain. (From The Beast Below, 2010) via
“How much do cops make?” he asked.
It’s spring and strawberry season is upon us. In fact, one of my friends turned two gallons of berries into umpteen jars of preserves yesterday. Hope she is planning to share them with friends! (Hint, hint)
And then ... the grand finale as we waited to hear who had won the overall BWA award. £10,000, an instant book deal, 300 copies of the winner's book already printed and hot from the press, universal acclaim ...
In this same state. Spending in a class room was 341k for the year. the teachers only made 57k of that. The rest of it went to administration, and school lunches. The janitors are making 6 figures. I don't have statistics on UT schools, but I will look those up also.
In other words, the instant that more affluent families with more resources (including time) to engage in a school community, that school community is a different one.
Well, it's been a long week of tears and gnashing of teeth for one reason or another so perhaps this has influenced my decision. Every entry was so-well written, and I really enjoyed the diverse themes - especially with Tartan dancing in for the kill. But the entry that had me grinning with visceral joy, and is my winner is Under A Killing Moon by Veronica Marie Lewis-Shaw. Zombies freak the hell out of me, and Veronica Marie captures the essence of whatever it is that terrifies me every time. Back at ya, VM - my turn to sleep with the light on! And congratulations.
Note: create closed.gif (indicating ‘+’) and open.gif (indicating ‘-’) just like Windows Explorer.
“I hear politicians talking about values in an election year,” Obama said. “I hear a lot about that. Let me tell you about values. Hard work, personal responsibility–those are values. But looking out for one another. That’s a value. The idea that we’re all in this together. I am my brother’s keeper. I am my sister’s keeper. That’s a value.” He wants to be his sister’s keeper, eh? Well I think we owe it to him to give him the full Ruprecht treatment.
This weekend, J set to work taking the Valentine apart and tinkering with it. The biggest problem was the carriage: it was clean off its rails when we got it, and it soon became clear that we would have to replace the ball bearings (7/8 inch is the right size), find the thingamabob that retained the ball bearings in the carriage, and wind on a new carriage drawband.
Slice cheesecake into 36 squares. Place on a parchment lined sheet and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours. Over a double boiler, carefully melt white chocolate, taking care not to scorch it. Stir constantly and remove from the heat before all the chocolate is melted - continuing to stir will melt the rest.
The reason words that refer to us are so hypnotic has to do with a psychological effect called Fundamental Attribution Error. Basically, while we are naturally critical of other people, our critical minds take a break when we evaluate ourselves. That analytic part of us just doesn’t kick in. You may not have noticed this about yourself—but I bet you’ve noticed it about all those oblivious inconsiderate jerks constantly making your life miserable.
It did too... Shattered.
Indigofera
Stillwater makes such delicious beers and everything I've tried from them has been excellent. I met the head brewer, Brian Strumke, a few years ago at a Stillwater event in Philly. He was extremely approachable and truly seemed to enjoy talking about beer and the brewing process. Stillwater Artisanal Ales is known as a gypsy brewery. While Strumke is based out of Maryland, he told me that he brews all over the place. Collaborating with other breweries and making frequent trips to Belgium seems like a pretty amazing life to me! Cheers to Brian and Stillwater for putting out another great brew.
To this Harry added by pointing out the value of critiques and editing. He also said that anyone who comes to the Festival will inevitably leave a better writer. Wise man, that Harry Bingham.
Let me introduce to you a wonderful experiment run by professor Baba Shiv from Stanford. Professor Shiv works in the field of neuroeconomics – the study of the mind’s electrical impulses and chemistry when a human makes a decision. In 2008, he ran an experiment to understand one aspect of how people make decisions based on data.
The Good Stuff, Sid Maudlin
3 cups chicken stock*
I was surprised and very sad when I heard that she's going back to Indonesia for good, but I was glad at the same time too. I knew that Indonesia is her long-term plan, and I am glad that she's finally stepping to the next level of her life. I guess being sad is inevitable when it's a real good friend that's leaving.
I decided to get fancy in the veggie garden this year (I never do learn NOT to cause more work for myself...) and line the different areas with bricks that we have in a (very huge) pile out by my horse barn. The bricks are just sitting there...so why not, right?
172. Many say that Kris can’t be compared with others.
Word Count: 3223
"Jasmine said she's waiting for a good time. Does now work for you?" Bryn slapped Sean in the chest and sauntered off, chuckling his way down the stairs.
I once rode 100 miles on my bicycle in one day and couldn't sit down for a week
Abbiamo incontrati amici.
As for the markings, they varied by the watcher too.
What more could go wrong, right?
Ruth Prawer Jhabvala is a well known novelist and screenwriter. She won several Academy Awards for her screenplays – Room With A View & Howard’s End – and also was awarded the Booker Prize for her novel Heat & Dust.
Simple neglect can be surprisingly damaging. In 2007, researchers published the first randomized, controlled study of the effect of being raised in an orphanage; that study, and subsequent research on the same sample of Romanian orphans, found that compared with babies placed with a foster family, those who were sent to institutions had lower IQs, slower physical growth, problems with human attachment and differences in functioning in brain areas related to emotional development.”
As you can see, my Mother and I both thought that was an attempt at a picture. This happens often. I really like when I start to hack up a lung around 4 seconds.
Soosai Lourde (55), Manjula (33), Sahayam (45), Jacqueline (42), Pasili (36) and Bama (40). The first five women are from Idinthakarai and the last woman is from Koodankulam.
Do you recall the recent Russia/US adoption scandal when an American mother sent her adoptive son back to Russia? Or the attention that celebrities like Angelina Jodie and Madonna adopted children from Africa? Conservative numbers put adoptions in America at around 73,000 annually and Chandra Hoffman addresses the theme of adoption in Chosen ($25.99, Harper/HarperCollins Publishers). At the center of the story is Chloe Pinter, the director of The Chosen Child’s domestic adoption program, juggling the demands of her boss and the incessant needs of clients. When a child goes missing the dreams of a young couple become nightmares. The author draws on her own experiences as an aide worker in Romania’s infamous Orphanage Number One that took her back to a domestic adoption program in Portland, Oregon.
1/2 cup quinoa flour
At five months, nothing was left of the thing he once was. Every expedition into the night scorched his skin. He no longer healed, feeding from his own body. Insanity and inhumanity were his only friends. He waited for the night when he no longer rose.
Dinner was using left over Santa Fe Quinoa salad. I added chicken and some cheese to it and a little more seasonings. Mixed it all up and rolled it into a Ezekiel tortilla's. Baked them for about 15 minutes and served them topped with sour cream, salsa, lime and cilantro. On the side we had avocado and tomato slices with garlic salt. Of course we finished it off with a fruit which was watermelon to night.
The second step is to ask suppliers further down the chain to hold enough inventory — perhaps a few months’ worth — for specialized components that cannot be built in more than one location, or take anti-quake measures that guarantee safety against any tremor or tsunami, he said.
I've been working on the Name Game Swap as well, where I make a mini quilt with the name of my partner or partner's blog on it. That has been difficult as I have a very silent partner, not a peep out of her since the swap began. I'm hoping she will like it anyway.
Well, O’Connor was just quoted in Us Weekly about stud muffin Brad Pitt’s engagement ring to his long-time baby mama, Angelina Jolie. Pitt apparently finally popped the question, giving Jolie a huge what appears to be rectangle-shaped diamond bauble.
Putting aside the obvious practical issue of storing books outside in this country, whilst it was lovely and calming, it wasn’t really what I would call inspirational. I suppose it depends what type of books you want to write as to what you would want as inspiration. Beatrix Potter would have probably been quite at home in the Writers Pad, dreaming up stories for Froggy the frog.
This unparalleled brunch experience will make every mom feel like a star. Join us for entertainment from a live Jazz band with the Jazz Poets and culinary delights in Sierra Ballroom.
It would be rude not to mention the Leveson enquiry. A week of revelations, and plenty of material for Friday’s ‘Have I Got News For You’ to say the least. We now know that Gordon Brown declared war on Murdoch’s company and that Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt MP was the ‘cheerleader’ for the BSkyB deal. This was a sharp fall for Mr Hunt, he was tipped to be promoted in the next reshuffle but is now tipped to resign rather soon.
I then proceeded to explain that this song is a plea for thinking for yourself. The lyric "All I wanted was a Pepsi" has been a kind of rallying cry to me for making my own choices. All teenagers struggle through a phase where no one in the world understands them, especially their parents. I went through it. But it doesn't have to mean a flat rejection of where you come from, your family's values, beliefs, education. (That would be just as unthinking, wouldn't it?) It just means that you follow what you follow for your reasons, not anyone else's.
“Gov. Romney believes the best way to help lower gas prices is for long-term structural reform, which is why he supports aggressive action to expand domestic production and guarantee the American people a reliable, affordable supply of energy for the future,” – Romney spokesperson Andrea Spaul, today.
Finally, Baba Yaga. In the modern perception she’s an old, evil witch who lives in the forest. But she’s so, so much more. I wanted to give the reader the old, the original version.
At last we're tired, my heart and I.
Dress, Forever XXI
Sorry that I have been absent lately but in the next 2 months I will be moving to North Carolina. I'm happy leaving Cleveland behind because I will be closer to Miami and my relatives and friends. This week I started packing some of my stamps and scrapping supplies. I'm going crazy with all these changes so that don't get surprised if you don't see much activity in my blog during the next weeks.
The glass slide is cool to the touch, and makes a slight buzzing noise when pressed against your skull. You focus on your memory of the video. For a moment you feel a sense of déjà vu, like you are still asleep in the chair while the video plays. The woman’s voice brings you back to the present moment. The glass is now quite warm and you look at it intently. The woman asks to see the slide. You hand it to her and she places it in a small hand-held device with a slot in the top for the slide and a screen facing her. She smiles and asks you if you remember the video. Video? You don’t remember a video. “Very good,” she says.
Would you rather live in a fantasy/paranormal world or a sci-fi one? Fantasy was my first pick until I thought about it. I'd love to be able to wield magic, but I'm not so sure I'd like the lack of modern conveniences. Also, the thought of meeting a real dragon is unsettling. Could I pick the best from both worlds?
This may be somewhat mediated by government action, as the CFPB is beginning to make noise around debt collection and credit ratings, and Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan is working to stop debt-related arrest warrants. But only somewhat, only where the government can protect you and only when there is the political will to do so. Increasingly, creditors are coming to set up the institutional structures for financial surveillance, state-sponsored enforcement of their claims through tightened bankruptcy laws and the selective use of jail, and the denial of economic opportunity based on one’s interaction with the financial system.
Love the Los Angeles Times Food Section! Always yummy recipes, stories, reviews, spotlights on Southern Cal's farmers market and local produce.
For those of you following along, today was day 5 of my MFA residency. I woke up still feeling slightly dizzy and sore but I took some Dramamine and Advil and those seemed to do the trick.
Janome Sew Mini for stitching
Waiting for another to linger.
My next project for the shop will be the Secret Garden Cardigan. I'll be making a small or medium, I have not decided yet. As it is a shop sample, I will knit it with the original main color, a rich brown, and similar yoke colors. I picked some blue to pop in the mix. It will be lovely.
The poor performance of Peggy Nash and Paul Dewar (especially Dewar) was a notable surprise, as was Martin Singh’s close sixth place standing, running above Niki Ashton. Brian Topp’s performance probably would have been regarded as shockingly low a few months ago, yet recent events, namely Ed Broadbent’s verbal salvo against Mulcair, coupled with low poll results among NDP members had depressed expectations of his performance. Obviously Topp was able to maintain enough support when voting began to secure second place. While Mulcair emerged as the actual winner of this race, Nathan Cullen certainly deserves the prize for most gained during the leadership race among those who lost. He began the campaign very much as a dark horse and a possible “also-ran”, and his riding-by-riding co-operation plan was thought to be a death knell to his potential support. This clearly was not the case, and Cullen managed to raise the profile of both himself and his ideas via the race, and climbed into the ranks of the top contenders during the campaign. He has situated himself quite nicely for a future run at the leadership.
Good morning to you on this Resurrection Sunday! Hoping that you have enjoyed Easter services somewhere today.
Hawkes Bay
When the credits did roll for the movie, the audience of my screening burst into applause. And while I normally think that is kind of a dumb thing to do – the projectionist doesn’t care if you liked the movie – I couldn’t help but join in. The people leaving the screening seemed very pleased with the movie. In fact, the only person who didn’t seem particularly enamored with The Avengers was the eight year old little girl sitting next to us who promptly fell asleep as soon as the movie began. How she did so after all the candy she consumed was a mystery, but her snores could be heard over some of the more quiet moments of the movie. I guess super heroes are not her thing.
My belly's white, while grey's my back
Then I thought (in true undeadpollyanna fashion), ‘Oh, no! What about mountain lions! There might be mountain lions!’
* Unsure = 2, and
Last time I checked, I thought this was my life. And people are being more than judgy on this subject matter. All I was doing was venting about how the lady from my hearing for unemployment told me it was illegal for the state to give unemployment to military spouses because it was our choice to follow my husband when he received orders to move; when I have countless friends who filled out their applications the same way I did (I asked them) and got unemployment benefits.
“Gays aren’t NFL fans, and women are only NFL fans in order to make their man happy, and as such we don’t need to worry about what a few politically correct wimps say”? … I wonder if this is one possible explanation for the otherwise inexplicable contempt for a large demo of potential customers.
The underworld had six houses meant to torture the new souls brought here. They were called the house of gloom, the house of blades, the house of jaguars, the house of fire, the house of cold and the house of bats. The underworld had no laws and the tortures were not meant to be penance for sins. They were more for the sadistic pleasure of the Lords. The Mayan death Lords did did not have a sense of justice like Lord Yama of Hinduism or Hades of Greek mythology. They were egoistic and cruel. People had to worship them out of fear for them.
First, I’d like to clarify. I am not doing a juice fast. There is absolutely no way I could go even one day without eating food that needs chewing. Even though I already had the juice I made last night….I’m still dying to eat right now. I brought a banana with me to work in case I got hungry and I swear its staring me down.
Apparently the deal stems from a complicated procedure worked out as part of the so-called debt ceiling bill that involves both the House and Senate voting on a resolution of disapproval against the increase. President Barack Obama would then have to veto the resolution and Congress would have to try and override that veto.
Singh, who pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual penetration of a child under 16, was sentenced to two and a half years' jail, to serve a minimum of 10 months.
I don't want attention and I don't want your compliments
4. knit and sew and learn to crochet
This isn’t going to be a long one, but I have a few people to thank for this blog still being here a year later.
Here are the stunning photos...
Author: Cathy Gohlke
36 ALMOST 30 million Africans are HIV-positive. By 2050 the disease may have claimed as many as 280 million lives.
Loves strength is stronger than war
“And I like existing.”
Shouted Moon as he bounded towards his friends.
We will be looking For Everything,even offering free classes for models that can’t afford payment,we are looking to add some glam to the SL Model Life,we will be different than any modeling company you ever seen in SL Grid..
*winces*
Okay, so the Christmas bit is over by a week and in a few hours it will be 2012!!! Whoo-hooo! I'm quite looking forward to some exciting months ahead.
The band gathered in my living room with only a week and a half to go before our St. Patrick’s Day concert. The Band is so good to me. So generous with their time. So enthusiastic about the music and about performing it. And, somehow, everybody knows what I mean for them to play rather than what I’ve written for them to play.
81. Visited the Vatican
so different,
Welcome to sick bay :(. I have both my kids home from school today. Phoebe was really poorly last night. When she gets a cold she struggles to breath and it's ever so scrary. I always have her inhaler ready but it's not nice for neither her nor me. So we have had a restless night.
***Creeeeeeeeeeek***** The door slowly opens
Speech by the European Central Bank’s President, Mr. Mario Draghi, at the annual reception of private banks organized by the Association of German Banks in Berlin, Germany.
blogs and projects she has over there,
“Well, we used something called Facebook. It was quite popular for a while.”
15. Call on You
I like my order,
*Incidentally, my parents' first car that I can actually remember was a 1975 Gran Torino. It was white, with leg-burning dark blue vinyl seats. It was also adorned with a "George Brett for President" bumper sticker, distributed during his MVP-winning 1980 season when he hit .390.
Next, here he is with black, light brown, and middle brown. He doesn't look so flat anymore, but he's still not very exciting.
Mare than anything that matters
The deep vocals paint a gloomy picture that matches the song title, while the steady, metronomic beat pounds your brain as the synth provides a catchy hook. You get the feeling of desolation, but strangely feel a bit uplifted at the same time!
imma stick to writing coz i'm no good at scribbling or any of those stuff.
Isn’t it true that it’s easier to give solution on somebody else’s concern?
His team is in North America spread over a number of time zones. Luis’s work day begins at noon and ends at 7pm which in Spanish culture is ideal because dinner is not usually until 9.30 or 10pm. Of course these hours are not fixed because he is measured by results. He has a huge amount of flexibility. No fretting about the plumber or the dog going to the vet. If he had been married lots of space to be a great parent. No commute. No office wardrobe.
"Sixteen Tons" was written by Merle Travis, a country singer who grew up in a Kentucky coal-mining county. Travis recorded the song in 1946 and released it the next year on an album titled Folk Songs of the Hills.
Quick Take: Kirkham places Austen and her novels in the context of Enlightenment Feminism and argues for Austen’s feminist credentials.
i haveto be in bed by 11
5) Now about those comments from Pastor Finnestad:
It was to the latter that we headed on the morning of Day 3. Kernel, in a railway arch near Bermondsey Tube station, is normally only open to the public on Saturday mornings but Evin very kindly allowed us to drop in on them during the week. Forklift training was in progress when we arrived, and the guys took it in turns to show us the shiny new kit and taste a couple of beers with us. It's an impressive set-up, and even though only two beers had made it into the new fermenters so far the potential is enormous. Hopefully we'll be seeing more taps, and bottles further afield, in due course.
Follow these simple rules, please:
it’s about a guy name Akiba Takara who is the vie president at his school, good-looking, and seems to have everything going for him. one day he gets cursed by the goddess Kanou that makes him unable to leave Kanou City until he is able to fulfill a hundred people’s wishes. that means that all his life plans about going and studying tokyo would be ruined if he doesn’t break the curse. then he receives a weird task of finding the god hidden in his school within a month or else the entire world will end. Now let the game begin….
I remember it like it was yesterday -
Grazing on Broadham Down is being carried out by Soay sheep in one area, and goats in another. I try to get closer to say hello, but the former run away and the latter, well, in amongst their flock is a big billy who looks at me quite evilly. A billy with horns. Long horns. With sharp points.
I have taken many sick days off work after particularly heavy binges over the last 14 years.
Makes approximately 4 1/2 -5 dozen whoopie pies.
Line a 9-inch cake pan with parchment. Arrange the poached pineapple and some glazed cherries in the bottom of the pan. Top with batter. Bake at 350F for 30 minutes (NOTE: This recipe must have been developed using a convection oven because it took this cake 55 minutes to bake in my regular oven. I suggest setting a timer for 30 minutes. If its not done, check on the cake after every additional 5-10 minutes.)
a deep breath
This is not to slander the woman. I've seen a lot of that buzzing around teh interwebs, and I reject that wholeheartedly. I'm sure that she's not evil, and that I could have a perfectly lovely conversation with her in the lounge at work, you know? And, I think that we underestimate her at our peril.
However, it was ever the mark of the political zealot to ignore reality in favour of an ideological dream.
me must i
Let me be honest, I don't really have a "favorite" quote. Just little sayings here and there or a line from a movie. I'm not sure if it counts to you, but for me it works!
The depth of a family need,
There was a beautiful girl who had a much broken mirror and considered herself very ugly. She hid her face from public view behind a veil.
My name is Sunny and I am a mascaraholic. From left to right: Cover Girl Lash Blast Volume, MAC Zoom Waterfast Lash, L’Oreal Million Lashes, Max Factor False Lash Effect, and Chanel Intimitable.
These are some of the better ideas I’ve had, and are certainly the least complicated. I basically want to create a bit more of a ‘game’ for the bug player than just running their models forward. I’m also thinking of making deployment rules in the scenario that enable the bug player to switch which side of the board they are coming on from quite quickly, meaning the marine player (who will be defending the Sci Fi Fort I posted about) will have to think about how they spread their forces about.
Ok I could do that but the leaf blower nozzle is flat and wide, hmm I inserted another smaller vacuum flat attachment into the leaf blower attachment duct taped it in and attached a pipe attachment into the drain, covered it will the towel and blew a force of air into the drain.
the potent corticosteroid
Wilson was born in Austin, Texas in 1912. He studied piano and violin at Tuskegee Institute. After working in the Lawrence “Speed” Webb band, with Louis Armstrong and also “understudying” Earl Hines in Hines’s Grand Terrace Cafe Orchestra, Wilson joined Benny Carter‘s Chocolate Dandies in 1933. In 1935 he joined the Benny Goodman Trio (which consisted of Goodman, Wilson and drummer Gene Krupa, later expanded to the Benny Goodman Quartet with the addition of Lionel Hampton). The trio performed during the big band’s intermissions. By joining the trio, Wilson became the first black musician to perform in public with a previously all-white jazz group.
4. JOIN A FREQUENT FLYER PROGRAM. You'll be able to accumulate points towards free flights, use airport lounges and be first in line when upgrades become available. We're with United / Star Alliance. I know United isn't as highly regarded as, say, Singapore Airlines but I love them. LOVE THEM. I check in via First Class, occasionally get free upgrades to Business, and last time I flew home from NY they let me check in the 72 kilos of books I've bought at Strand bookstore. For free. They're always lovely, professional, kind and willing to help with problems. Such as excess book baggage. Gotta love a FF program. Some people dismiss them, but they're better than you think.
And just maybe he remembered, his humble beginnings, at a place once called Fort Stotsenberg.
Mr Sheridan asked whether it was part of Mr Wight’s job to break the law, with Mr Wight replying that this was “not strictly true”, adding that he did not accept it to be true when Mr Sheridan repeated the question.
It only takes a second for that flicker to be over and the monster, the man I fear, is back. The man who beats me senselessly almost every night, the man who controls every aspect of my life; from what I wear to if I can work. The man who enjoys all this power, all this control he has over me.
As for the technique, the herbs must be finely puréed, with no water (as this will discolour them) when cooking. They need to be bhunaoed, or fried, with the vegetables to retain the colour. The rice needs to be soaked beforehand, as we have done in previous blogs such as What unites Runs, Coronet.. , and it must be cooked in 2½ parts of liquid (by the absorption) method.
I must have smiled for she nodded her head at me.
Now that I’ve reviewed what to watch out for don’t throw out the envelopes that are decorated but can’t be mailed. You can always save those cards for hand delivering or place them in a larger envelope than can get through the postal service.
“One word,” said a woman about the same age. “Grandchildren. I have five with a sixth on the way. That’s my life now, and I love it.”
Overall, then, brewing is a fabulously efficient process -- nothing is "wasted" except, I guess, the fuel needed to heat the water and boil the wort. But then again, it's awfully hard to claim that anything is truly wasted when it results in something as wonderful as beer.
It was maddening! First of all, the girl gets the super strength?! And then she’s too afraid or prissy or whatever to use it?!
diverse agricultural
When my children laugh and see the happy look in their eyes, I know they're the perfect early Christmas gift...little bundles of joy.
Welcome to Week #18 of Black and White Wednesday. I am very pleased to present another amazing gallery of deliciously talented photos in marvelous shades of monochrome. All photos, this time, are presented in the order they were received. The final count is around fifty. Thank you so much for sharing. I have read many a kind word about how this event nicely breaks up and brightens what would otherwise be a long week. This is true for me as well. My commitment to catch up on commenting on your photo posts still stands, but I am yet quite behind, juggling several projects behind the scenes. Thanks for your patience and good will.
Dozens of seriously wounded people with extensive burns are crowding a hospital in Kunduz, AFP reported.
watering my petunias every day
I gave this speech on June 13, 2010, for the University of California, Santa Barbara’s Humanities and Fine Arts graduation ceremony. The grandstand area and lawn accommodated approximately 900 graduates and 5,000 attendees. David Marshall, the Dean of Humanities and Fine Arts and Executive Dean of the College of Letters and Science, introduced me after the keynote speaker’s address.
When she visited me last year.. we were walking out to the car.. and as we passed those trees.. she told me of the love she had for them -- since she was a young child, because the leaves looked like they were "dancing in the wind."
I shared The List by Joe Konrath with some colleagues here. Several found it amusing but ultimately we felt it was a bit too odd and were concerned about the audience. So I will be declining. William Morrow
Well, the main Libya conflict is now over. What do they want with Africa?
I. Tell the story of Jesus telling his disciples to go and preach the gospel (Matthew 28 1-19)
In a quest for independence, her neglected art, and no-strings-attached hookups, 18-year-old Bria signs up for a guided tour of Central America—the wrong one. Middle-aged tourists with fanny packs are hardly the key to self-rediscovery. When Bria meets Rowan, devoted backpacker and dive instructor, and his outspokenly humanitarian sister Starling, she seizes the chance to ditch her group and join them off the beaten path. When I said, after finishing Kirsten Hubbard's incredible debut novel Like Mandarin, that I wasn't quite to wait long to pick up her second novel, I wasn't kidding. Two weeks later I was diving into Wanderlove, with only the slightest touch of apprehension, because the storyline itself was not quite as appealing to me. While I didn't have quite the same heart-rush for Wanderlove as I did for Like Mandarin, the novel was still a great read: filled with adventure, growth, and heart.
things – fruit is – covetousness
The weather warmed and the WiseGuy started hitting again on a race at Turf Paradise. The Mayor had abandoned Turf earlier and was doing his handicapping on Santa Anita and having pretty much the same results as I was having. Something clicked on that particular race as I had just tried another combination the day before and saw that the patterns were becoming clearer. I was on track to the original combination. The Mayor and I could see a what we now call, ‘The Trend’ once we began applying a process toward the Trending Sheet I developed the month before because I was sick and tired of interpreting the running lines of the Race sheets that are in the background of the Bet Sheet ( seen below ).
The advocate-depute’s claim relied on the testimony of a police detective whose investigation concluded that just one person’s phone had ever been hacked by Mulcaire.
“She can’t survive out there, she doesn’t know the world and she doesn’t know herself.” Old Bubble slapped his belly as an exclamation. “I don’t think it will be too hard to see the emperor.”
Ewa: You mean you have got new job thanks to Visual Vamp? Could you please say something more about how it happened?
Oh and as a final note: never underestimate the power of chocolate milk.
I started getting a little nervous about missing the migration given the remarkable weather and took a early season drive to Fish Point Preserve to see if anything was shaking. Tornado warnings were in effect in the counties North and South of the lower shore of Lake Huron's Saginaw Bay. Large flocks of Tundra swans, Canadian geese, and Trumpeter swans had collected in the stubble fields to avoid the violent skies. I had never seen a Tundra swan migration before! A species that mates for life, and perhaps beyond, the bond was mirrored in the synchronicity of their wing play during the slow descent to earth. Love is literately in the air, a stirring marriage of body and mind. So sublime is their singularity of passion, if one of the pair should come to a premature end the other will prefer to spend the rest of it's days flying solo and unattached; except to the memory of that one lost soul mate.
Serge Prokofiev: "Cinderella"
- Developers launch appeal in Lands and Environment court
… and the newest privileged gay shill for the ‘Oh, we told you that if you played nice and let us get our ENDA we’d come back and add you to it but now we’re just going to forget about ENDA and concentrate on other gay-only stuff, HA! HA!’ agenda to be allowed to poison the equality well via the Washington Blade:
and i'll answer them all in another post!
Time. We never seem to have enough of it. Between work, family, and our busy social lives, how can we make the most of what time we do have? Even more important, how can we make more time for the people and things that we love?
8/27 New York, NY- Rumsey Playfield Summerstage
I was but an infant during the show’s original run, but as a kid I discovered the it through reruns on UHF, and loved it. Flash forward to the 90’s, I had another chance to see a couple of episodes, and was bored as hell. But inspired to check it out again now, I’ve watched several of the first Barnabas episodes and I’m loving it.
Over this holiday season, it's going to be a quiet one in my family. However, that will not dampen my holiday spirits. It's the best time now that I get to cook more and not only show you that I bake, I could actually cook up a storm. And if I say so myself.. the taste is wicked. It's the holidays, so a little self praised is good for the soul.
Now in a field, I'm surrounded by what seems to be an army of shambling zombies, shuffling their way to my untouched flesh. Within feet of them reaching me, I see all of the dead 'skin' sloughs off of them in layers, leaving them looking like the clean humans that they used to be. The zombie closest to me is my sister. I hug her in an embrace that spreads joy throughout the field.
We are in the midst of a busy weekend and a busy week ahead! I am hoping to include a post this week featuring some of the meatless meals we have been enjoying lately. In the meantime, enjoy this week's menu!
I galumph over to the coffee maker as the sound of a way-too-awake Mario and Luigi race around my living room.
"Oh, absolutely not," Oprah said when asked if not endorsing Obama in public is a sign of disappointment.
Hope everyone is enjoying the holiday season so far!
Nothing too major going on today, so I figured I’d just update on a few random things. I’ll be honest, too, I just haven’t gotten around to looking through the mail yet, so we’re going to hold off on a mailbag for now. I know, I know, don’t worry, I’ll get one posted soon.
Under different headings I was looking for the LA countries and I found the following:
Have a great week!!!!!!
We had a wonderful Christmas celebrating with family and friends. We celebrated Christmas Eve at my mom's, then we hosted Christmas dinner for 11 people at our house, hosted our annual Christmas party on Monday evening, and celebrated my brother-in-law's birthday Tuesday night. I feel like I need a couple days just to recuperate from all the celebrating!
The little painting is watercolour on primed paper with some black and white pens.
I almost posted a picture of that first attempt here, but got kind of embarrassed, both about how it looked and how much it impressed me last year. I've learned a lot since then. Here's one of this year's nativities:
Charumbira ruled his people nicely. All people loved him and all the people of other countries loved him too.
One each 14 oz. can creamed corn (seriously, I do not like creamed corn, but if you substitute regular corn – it is not nearly as good!)
6. Gareth Roberts’s first treatment for the Easter special involved an outer-space hotel with mysteriously disappearing guests, who were being taken down to the planet below to be implanted with alien eggs (because eggs=Easter, see?). Sounds a bit Battlestar Galactica (70s version) to us.
If you’ve been part of a local church for a while, then Romans 8:28 is probably one of those verses you’ve heard repeated a gazillion times. There is a reason why that’s true… because the verse is amazingly comforting! However, as time goes by, verses like this one that are used over and over start to lose their potency and effect as they become more familiar to us. Like John 3:16, we simply hear the reference to Romans 8:28 and we shut down mentally because we think we already know everything there is to know about such texts. Today I want to urge you not to abandon those pet verses the church likes to use in certain circumstances. Rather, to revive their freshness in your hearts, write out what the verse means in your own words according to its context in the Bible. Let’s use Romans 8:28 as a test drive for this practice.
Worship is a good thing, and God cannot have too much of it.
“They were great. They made the entire process as fun and easy as it could be. Thank you!”
Dandelions
Dialogue: 6,0:00:38.85,0:00:43.52,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,Though, I would call that a pretty sad way to live.
So, we wrote back and forth over the weekend. I must have had 5 emails from him. I was not revealing myself at all. Didn’t tell him my name or where I lived or anything. I did tell him my age. I just wanted to see if he found someone from his yahoo personal ad. So, then I saw where he has a myspace page. Hmmmm, I shall read through it…saw all of his pictures…After I read through it, I thought, well hell, this guy is sooo busy, and here I am messing with him, keeping it anonymous. I should just finally tell him who I am, and then he could block me or laugh at me ,something and again, I would go on my merry way, because, again, I want to be the neighborhood cat lady. So, I wrote a longer email to him and told him all about myself.
A person listening to someone else speaking will automatically put together what is being said with how it is being said to facilitate understanding.
And the arguments he makes are totally illuminating. The writers we praise and admire now were paying very close if not conscious attention to the lower stuff going on—Melville loving sea romances, for instance. I read it for the first time in 2000 and definitely started wondering why you couldn’t do that in the present tense. So some of the pieces are experiments following out from it.
Love brings to light the high and the hidden characteristics of the person who loves—what is rare and exceptional about him: to that extent it easily misleads us about what is normal in him.
Use the Hidden Valley Ranch Dressing Mix in your flour mixture (this will make your fried chicken taste pretty close to that national brand).
3and provide for those who grieve in Zion—
9:20 Chris Wallace & Brit Hume are debating about Ted Kennedy and both waxing poetic about him even with their disagreements with his policy. Thank you for being human instead of partisan.
Astro, the only satellite channel to be licensed by the BN Government is owned by one of the country’s richest entrepreneurs, Ananda Krishnan, known for his close links with the ruling UMNO party.
Nonetheless, a good animation is a good animation regardless of the soundtrack. This is a very dark, gothic animated video that would probably never be shown on actual TV. I am reminded of Nightmare Before Christmas / Corpse Bride a bit, but with cell animation instead of stop-motion animation.
I have mentioned in previous posts that we are taking a break from sugar and grains. Here is a little background info to explain why:
They would not guess how early in
I realize I often begin these posts quite cheerful- but today's post is worthy of cheer.
If any of you know of any white grape varieties whose name starts with a V and that I missed off the list, please tell me.
You will propose on a hot air balloon. Or during a rock concert. Or very casually next time she’s sick. Over Skype.
18. Is it cold in here, or are you just afraid to kiss me? +
Regardless of how she was categorized, she was admired. Expressing a common sentiment, Jon Pareles of The New York Times wrote in 1990 that she had “one of the great voices in American popular music, with a huge range, a multiplicity of tones and vast reserves of volume.”
I could honestly get only halfway through the 53 pages of this thread before I gave up saving and re-posting. There is simply too much awesome. Feel free to head over there and check out the rest of the collection, as this is but a small cross-section.
Well, as you can see, the photos are not the best. How I wish, I could share you for real. It's a kind of a cutie, though? Or at least, if you ask me §:-) The efforts GH had and me, who sewed the curtains, blinds and the pillow cases (not the white ones) was a satisfying outcome. Helping together sorting out the looks of our home, make our understanding and the bonding as man and wife get more stronger. We sat and talked about the plans. I plan, decide and he is the doer, uhumm... of course, I am the assistant. Keeping him accompanied.
To add insult to injury the picture you're looking at is a foot of 3/4" steel rebar poking through the wall of my living room. (Look in the corner and you'll see another hole). I had two more like it, both of which intruded into my daughter's play area, at about 12" off the ground: RIGHT WHERE SHE SITS AND PLAYS. The workers "happened to misjudge" the reinforcement point by almost two feet and they drilled into our apartment rather than between floors. And they did it four times! I don't even want to think about what would have happened if a child had been sitting against the wall when one of those came through.
When I think of my favorite works by Duncan Grant, I consider his landscapes, his interiors, his still life paintings, his decorative work, and his works that were considered especially outstanding, such as "Bathing" and "The Dancers." Most of them express the exuberance and joy that I associate with Duncan Grant, the artist and the person. There is a lyricism, spontaneity, and sensuousness to his work that many critics have observed. I admire all of them. But my favorites, the ones that I always want to see are the portraits, like this one:
a bending, whirling, human dance.
I would like to present the process of criminal investigation here as I currently conceive of it. I have no background in law enforcement whatsoever, and not nearly as much understanding of this topic as I would like. Those in a position to shoot down my misconceptions in this regard are invited to do so, and teach me something new in the process. This ringing self-endorsement out of the way, let us proceed.
The year-old label includes a vast repertoire of one-of-a-kind and limited edition designs. Named as a tribute to Schretter’s paternal grandmother and the origins of her business, King Street, NYC and Boston, MA, the Harriet Kingston collection combines premium high-end reclaimed vintage components to create timeless, whimsical creations while conserving materials and avoiding the use of newly minted natural resources.
Hi baby boy. I miss you so much! I can't believe you would have been a year and a half old and gone for a year and a half. Your little brother is helping to ease the pain, but there are days where I feel the hurt just as much as I did a year and a half ago. I try not to think of what you would be doing now, but sometimes I can't help it. You would be walking and talking and I know you'd be helping to give Lucas his bottles. I've been seeing a lot of dragon flies lately and I've been wondering if you've been sending them to me. Grandma and Grandpa took another pinwheel out to your gravestone. They had Lucas help them pick it out. He picked out two to play with at their house during they day. We all miss you bud.
Anyway. I got no pictures of the tape cover, no pictures of the bands, no nothing. I'm not even sure if that's the real title of this cassette. And yet the music lives on. I have little or no connection to the scene documented here. I just thought it was interesting. Vegas was a small town until about 1990. It must have been something back in 83 for the bands and the audiences. Making punk rock exist out of pure momentum out in the middle of nowhere. Good for them. And us.
My Suzuki, 1994 Intruder 800 cc, has come home from the shop where the mechanic rebuilt the carburetor for which I paid a good deal of money. Unfortunately, the choke is wonky and in order to start the bike, I have to pull in the clutch, wrap my long streamers around it to hold it in tightly, then pull out the choke and use the other hand to hit the throttle and ignition start button. So a three handed job to start it or a two handed job with streamers to start it. Once it is warmed up and ready to go, it pokes and backfires and chugs down the street. I am a bit worried about going to far with it in case she breaks down entirely. So I am trying to run out the tank of gas on 10 and 20 mile trips at a time. Not very satisfying. However, I have learned that I am still very good at driving in a straight line! No worries there. Turning corners has become a bit of a challenge again. I can’t do any tight corners. Luckily the parking garage has nice wide corners and as I chug up to our third floor parking spot, my pipes usually set off about 3 or 4 car alarms. I love those loud pipes.
9 out of 10.
RoboCop could very easily have become ridiculous if the first look at our title crime-fighter in action looked more like a fancy Halloween costume or something that looked more befitting a 1940s serial. Fortunately Verhoeven had the talent of Rob Bottin and his crew at his disposal, which designed one of the most detailed, effective cyborg suits ever. For 1987, the sight of a metallic, rubber-jointed product that seemed quite plausible in and of itself. We also get a cool stop-motion assist in scenes involving a huge monstrosity of a robot from Phil Tippett and his little helpers. Even if Bottin and Verhoeven didn't always see eye to eye on the look of their baby, it seems both were happy with the end result.
I’m excited about how this will be portrayed in the production but don’t want to give it away, as I think the surprise element is crucial, but I’ll offer these pictures as a hint. (I’ll also say that our conductor makes a phenomenal cameo in this as well…)
New York furrier: The one-time fashion insider used the expertise of a Manhattan furrier to sew her fresh pelts together. Sewing took four days
Spring’s cherry blossom, feathered tulips and yellow forsythia have made way for oversized gladioli, irises and bright, showy rhododendron. And, here today, gone tomorrow, are my favourite – the heart-breakingly beautiful bleeding hearts.
Place in the oven for 20 minutes.
Do you think there will be justice for Anousone and his family? Watch with us as the trial unfolds next week.
Evil doesn’t always look scary. Built at the turn of the twentieth century by one of the richest and most powerful men in the world, tucked away in the pristine Pocono Mountains, Summer Place seems the very essence of charm and beauty. But behind the yellow and white trimmed exterior lurks an evil, waiting to devour the unwary. Seven years ago, Professor Gabriel Kennedy’s investigation into paranormal activity at Summer Place ended in tragedy and destroyed his career. Now, Kelly Delaphoy, the ambitious producer of a top-rated ghost-hunting television series, is determined to make Summer Place the centerpiece of an epic live broadcast on Halloween night. To ensure success, she needs help from the one man who has come face to face with the evil that dwells in Summer Place-a man still haunted by the ghosts of his own failure. Kennedy wants nothing to do with the event. But Summer Place has other plans. As Summer Place grows stronger, Kennedy along with the paranormal ghost hunting team, The Supernaturals, sets out to confront…and if possible, destroy…the evil presence dwelling there. But sometimes in a paranormal investigation, the ghosts hunt you…
Truth is what I yearn to share
Belief: You don’t have to have a degree in marketing to get great marketing results. But you do have to believe in yourself and your actions. I call it a self-fulfilling prophecy. If you believe that can’t do something, you’re right – you won’t do it. On the other hand, if you believe that you can learn what it takes to get better marketing results you will.
I am loving the colored denim coming out for this Fall, but I wanted to stick with Summer colors for this post.
pine for home
Everyone remember to keep your comments coming for Garrosh’s Poetry Challenge! In the meantime, though, I still need to finish telling you what all went on while I was up in Hyjal, because–
When I left the old blog and started this new one, many months later, I did a couple of things. I educated myself. I read everything I could on or about blogging. I got really clear about my must-have wants and intentions right off the bat. In the beginning they were: I don’t want to spend too much time doing anything techie, I want to spend it on the writing. I want feedback. I also want feedback from people who do NOT know me and my comedy. I want to foster a loving and yet, hilarious community of good souls who get it. It was that simple. Not much more thought out than that.
Bike - Supergrass – Turn Ons (good cover of Syd Barret’s classic)
We’re selves of our former shadows.
Serve!
So I am picking Matt up at the airport today.....I haven't seen him in 5 weeks! I swear.....I can't wait until my life is normal again.
I got up and swept my robe around me, brrrr it was so cold. I got closer to the window and from the light off the lamp post i could see that it was snowing.
In a dictatorship, there are only two types of behaviors: those that are required and those that are forbidden. It's not like democracy where there's a whole lot of grey area in between.
Compasses are normally filled with fluid to provide dampening for the card and provide stability of operation. Some compasses use mineral spirits as the fluid and others have talked of alcohol, glycerin and even kerosene. Whatever fluid is used, if it leaks out, then there is a problem!
But today the High Court found that iiNet had no direct technical power to prevent its customers from using the BitTorrent file sharing system to infringe copyright. "Rather, the extent of iiNet's power to prevent its customers from infringing ... copyright was limited to an indirect power to terminate its contractual relationship with its customers," the court said.
The next two hours Randall let me ponder over the error of my ways and to soak in my guilt. Absent his forgiveness I thought I might absolve myself by writing this. During my writing, I think he may have been reading over my shoulder, because amazingly to me, Randall suddenly deliberately left his perch, resolutely crossed the room, jumped up on the footstool at my feet, stretched out facing me and fixed his gaze on mine. I slowly reached out my hand wondering if I would receive a claw-extended paw in return, or maybe a quick head lunge forward with teeth biting enough to hurt but probably not break the skin. Instead I was allowed to gradually stroke Randall's body, as he eventually purred his forgiveness.
And here’s the best part of Ho’oponopono, it didn’t require meditation or specific ritual to cleanse our minds. It also didn’t tie to any religion specifically. These five phrases can be used anywhere, everywhere, to any situation we like, to people we love or dislike and use it for love. All we need to do is to repeat these phrases many times (many times = mantra).
Mac Apps
The explosion box closed:
Kids Polo Shirts With Halloween Logos
When and why did weddings become so crazy producing bridezillas rather than domestic goddesses?
Several weeks ago our power went out. It was early evening and starting to get dark so my husband started looking for a flashlight. He found one. Just one. I couldn't help but get a sick feeling in my gut when I realized how unprepared we were for a power outage . What if there was a bigger emergency?
Molten Cookie Pie - June 3
A trade mark was not the only identifier Dürer put on his pictures. He left lines of commentary on the sketches, and gave the finished engravings elaborate marble tablets explaining his subject and his purpose. He wanted to tell the world that he, Albrecht Dürer of Nuremberg, had done this: that it was made, gemacht, with his genius and effort ...".Curiously, while Dürer was particular to make sure that his initials appeared on his work so that it could be easily identified, the author of this article is apparently anonymous.
Dominated by it’s neighbor, pulsing with righteousness
But if she did go through with the abortion, Jack would continue to love her. And the situation would be just like before the pregnancy.
Resist the urge to hang out with your cell phone.
The women stopped dancing after approximately two to a maximum of three minutes, the second women later claimed that she had taken offence to a smutty comment made by one of the players, after which both women refused to continue dancing. Again there are differing accounts as to what occurred. Certainly some of the players, including two who would later be charged with rape, had found the event rather distasteful and decided to leave, whilst others felt they had been ripped off, and were concerned that they had paid out $800 for less than three minutes of entertainment.
Prominant figures from the Warhammer 40,000 universe feature in extended cameo roles, but this is ultimately Talos' story. And it is a good story! Trash? Sure, of course it is. But about as good as trashy sci-fi fantasy gets.
and held that post until his death. Although he also continued to
Hope these help!
As we were driving there, I mentioned to Jesse that I sometimes miss being a kid and doing kid things like running around sprinklers, bike rides, and playing outside with no cares in the world.
TRADITIONAL MUSIC
1 cup slivered almonds- I left these out as I didn't have any.
Many companies stay the same size or even downsize during difficult times and it’s the Directors, in conjunction with the Senior Management Team who will make the difficult decisions about what’s right for the ongoing viability of the business at any particular time.
Its ride quality are also drawn to sharply creased sculpting around the 2005 acura tl accessory a tad disappointing and artificial, with little feedback from the used 2005 acura tl, this 286-horsepower V6 offers 28 more than an ordinary exhaust system. It increases the used 2005 acura tl by allowing the used 2005 acura tl are regulated before they enter the 2005 acura tl photo than the invoice 2005 acura tl if you catch it on a 6-speed manual box concluded the used 2005 acura tl. This short-throw mixer gratifies with every TL, including base models. Let alone the used 2005 acura tl with the 2005 acura tl invoice be on a canyon road with a set of Pirelli ice and snow radials mounted, it still felt a touch light and skittish in some provinces for those with a typical Honda front MacPherson suspension and multi-link rear, to which they've paid more attention in damping and noise control. The ride isn't as harsh as the 2005 acura tl rims of the used 2005 acura tl a truck, rather than fiddling with the 2005 acura tl modification and conveniences we have come to expect in premium-level vehicles.
This is why Yoshinkan is sometimes referred to as the “hard-style”. Yoshinkan Aikidokas will practice the basics in the form of solo movements called kata. Nevertheless, as Yoshinkan Aikidokas gain more experience, their movements become more fluid and will eventually develop spontaneity of techniques.
In truth, the blood intoxicates psyches -
Here is my card that I'm entering for the Peachy Keen Challenge. The only requirement is that it has a pocket. I made this flower pot note card. The note goes inside the flower pot and that's my pocket.
01. Shine on You Crazy Diamond (interrupted)
I do have a new page to share today. It is up over on the Pink Paislee blog, but I am going to share it here. The theme I worked with was called Material Mix and basically it means mix those different lines together!
Making the voyage this year,
If you'd like to make these handles you'll need to cut your handle strip 2" x 16 - 18" depending on how much gather you want. You'll also need about 9 1/2" of 1/4" elastic.
college notes 1934
Tools: Martha Stewart butterfly punch, stapler
Lately, the plethora of atheist books written have gained soaring popularity, and atheism has being making lots of noises – so much that terms such as “second coming of atheism” and “new atheism” could be read in many articles. Well-known atheists such as Richard Dawkins, Sam Harris, Daniel Dennett and Christopher Hitchens are seen as the leaders of this sudden rise of atheism. These people have often being called “militant atheists” – not only by theists, but also surprisingly by other atheists too. This is mainly because they are seen as equally dogmatic and rigid in their beliefs, and their tones often come across as strident and arrogant.
www.millbrookindustries.com
The other side has my apothocary jars that are filled with speckled eggs and pastel jelly beans, I'm having a hard time telling the kiddos they are just for decoration, and not a constant snacking trough, more then once I've caught Peyton pulling a chair over to the piece of furniture so he can get a little snack, and as I'm typing this I realize that the bathroom step stool is over there now, a little friend must've snuck a few more! : )
Especially when it comes to cooking. I like to whip up some home-made wonders once in a while, but my favorite cooking websites (allrecipes.com, epicurious.com, notakeout.com, and all their uppity friends), are causing a bald patch on the back of my head from my frustrated hair-pulling shenanigans.
So, Super Amazing Mum, I thank you for the tag and I hope to meet you one day so you can give me a lesson in red lipstick as I haven't mastered the shade or application! Anyway, moving on to me and what I love about myself.....
The bouquet was presented to the lady of the house some years ago.
Karla sent me a fascinating article on how certain beers — your higher-alcohol, full-bodied ones, such as Belgians — can be a tasty treat if you let them age for a few months or years. I'd love to try this, except I don't have a wine cellar where I could keep them at 68 degrees or less. I have a beer fridge, but that would be too cold to let the aging happen. And during the Texas summers, I just can't afford to keep my house at 68, although the wife would very much like that.
Alright, I think that's it for today. I am about to run to Target to pick up a birth ball so I can start practicing the prenatal exercises/stretches we learned in class last night.
We turned to a known cause to help us promote our efforts. You may or may not have heard of BRAS FOR A CAUSE. A great theme-oriented idea to raise unique awareness of cancer with the help of artists. A decorated bra competition is held to showcase the imaginative endeavors of artists. The surface of an actual bra is the “canvas” by which an artist is free to embellish in any tasteful fashion. It is then displayed for public viewing. At our event, we are raising funds by allowing event visitors to vote on their “People’s Choice Award”. For a small fee, they can vote and their dollars help the cause at the same time. Our exhibit is free to the public.
My friend explained that she was never really athletically inclined and hated gym class all through out her education and that rope-climbing and push ups and situps were embarrassing and confidence-crushing experiences.
End of Volume Two
Today has been intense. I cried as I drove to my non-stress test this morning because I couldn't help but think of Aiden's final days when I was in my 37th week with him. Thankfully, Kevie did a wonderful job while I was on the monitor which put my heart and mind at ease for a bit. And now, as I write this, his hiccups and wiggles are giving me great comfort.
Once Reality was school age, I thought I’d just enroll her in the same school as the kids and let nature take its course. After all, the other 8 was gonna want to know who their half sister was. Especially, if she was sitting right there in the same school as them. I was gonna go about it all calmly until I seen on television that Oprah had invited Kate and her kids to go to Africa. There were going to go to Oprah’s school and talk about what it was like to be famous.
Before I continue, I would strongly advice all readers (and certainly all EBM and guideline-skeptics) to read this excellent and clearly written BJM-editorial by David Sackett et al. that deals with misconceptions, myths and prejudices surrounding EBM : Evidence based medicine: what it is and what it isn’t [5].
And slept in burning, eternal grace
nor is it enough to continue for a time to pray;
He couldn’t have been anymore spot-on.
"I spoke to the female sergeant and told her I had all my workers' registration papers on file at the office, and would bring them to the police station," Hall said.
In Britain, as we all know BNP leader Nick Griffin was subjected to a politically motivated criminal prosecution for making statements which have since been proven to be true. Mr. Griffin's claims that gangs of Muslim paedophiles have been grooming white girls for sex, have been echoed by ex-Justice secretary Jack Straw, and confirmed by various journalists and leading police officers. However, as Judge Norman Jones informed Nick Griffin at his trial, that he was telling the truth was no defence against race hate charges.
Well tonight I was spoilt for choice what I wanted to colour. I sorted out my room so I've got some space to craft! Opened my promarkers box and little fingers have been there and rearranged them aaaargh! Spent half hour putting them back in order and got scribbling on this one which is a new digi by Hannah Lynn from Crafts and Me.
Jared Olivetti:
Wednesday, 5/16: Skillet pork chops with mustard sauce and veggies
but because of the great commision.
“How is it that you do not understand that I spoke it not to you concerning bread, that you should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees? Then understood they how that he bade them not beware of the leaven of bread, but of the doctrine of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees.” Matthew 16:11-12
This doesn't have to be at all perfect. Just a rough divide.
The Lyrics:
It was the most incredible revelation; here was the lens through which I see the world, perfectly articulated and preceding me by forty years. To this day, it informs so much of what I think and talk about. I went on to study most of the rest of Jacobs' body of work, but even now I keep a copy of The Death & Life next to my bed for quick-reference, finding it as prescient and useful as ever on an almost daily basis. I can hardly speak about anything without relating it back to the built environment or transit infrastructure or demographics or history; it bores the snot out of my friends but frankly, I don't care to think about things any other way.
A recent phenomenon in outdoor beverage concession sales is roving sales teams of ladies bringing “Jager Shots” to your seat. At first it seemed as normal as the beer and soda sellers, employees wading through the crowds to save you from having to wait in line. But the frequency of seeing them pass by with trays of test-tube size shots was surprising. There will be no moralizing from me on people who choose to get high or feelin’ good on beer, wine or pot at concerts. I personally enjoy a few beers as much as anyone, but the constant effort Pavilion employees were involved in to sell as much “Jager”as possible seems to me to have crossed the line. No one forces you to buy shots at a concert, but this easy access “service” just seems potentially dangerous for others. Let’s see, tickets ranging from $49.00 to $150.00, $25.00 T-Shirts, $8.50 beers, $13.00 hamburgers with chips and a soda is not enough profit from 10,000 people? Why don’t we all tip the Jager ladies $1.00, BUT DON’T BUY THE JAGER SHOTS. I contacted the Pavilion management office and they refused to answer any questions or comment on their concession/alcohol policies.
“Billions of miles away from this world, hidden beyond a multi-gravitational meteor field, three astroid belts, and a dwarf black hole, is a small and unassuming celestial body. I can’t find much of a different way to explain it. It isn’t a star, it’s not a meteor. It has an atmosphere, but I wouldn’t exactly call it a planet. It is, however, a world.”
I can still remember the excitement when we were all celebrating the pregnancy & the upcoming arrival of a new little person in all our lives. I need to explain that some of my childhood friends have stopped being my friends, and have become family. I’m Tia Lori to all of their kids and I consider them extensions of me… So when my friend’s water broke on Christmas Eve 2009 we all were on pins and needles. I remember I even took a cake to the hospital on December 28th to Celebrate my friend’s birthday… Then on December 29th, Alessandra was born, way too early… She was with us for a brief time but somehow she will always be with us. I will never forget the sadness on my friend’s face when I went to see her at the hospital, at that moment I wish there was something I could do to make it all go away. But it was way beyond what I could control. So now I walk…
It's not exactly the most reflective or inspirational environment in which to make New Year's Resolutions. But though we might be capable of changing our own destinies, we can't do a lot about the date.
China is looking here, to Western Sichuan on the eastern edge of the Tibetan plateau, where dozens of rushing tributaries of the upper Yangze surge down canyons’ steep vertical rises, for energy. The Dadu River, which we drove along for two days, is said to have 50% more hydropower potential (“exploitable installed capacities”) than the Three Gorges. Reports say there will be 22 hydroelectric power plants along the Dadu, creating flood zones, requiring the removal of something like 100,000 people from valley to high ground. One Chinese environmental group reports that no branch rivers will remain natural, but will become “cascade reservoirs.” No one knows the ecological outcome of such fundamental changes to hydrological cycles, river connectivity and dynamics.
Add a teaspoon of salt to the mix and let it sit for about 5-6 hours. I usually soak the mix overnight.
In a future experiment I will try making my own sweetened condensed milk. I've actually been meaning to do that for years. I already make my own brown sugar, so once I conquer the sc milk I will have 'Scratch Coffee Creamer' truly from scratch! So cool!
They’re probably the funniest people I know.
Miss Larrieux survives on a diet of meat, potatoes, cereals and an occasional apple but refuses even a single slice of carrot on her dinner plate.
I decided to delve into my stash of shaped cards again and used this Elegant Step Card from Which Craft. The yellow card stock has been in my stash for ages along with the flowers and gems.
Mr. Kitchen and I are sightseeing types — we’re not prone to lying on beaches. We love history and exploring a new city is a past-time that we both have really enjoyed. (Except driving in said new cities. That one nearly ended our marriage before it really got started.) We had run ourselves pretty ragged running around London and then Scotland, until we got to Skye, which is the. most. beautiful. place. on. earth. Yes. Each word needed its own punctuation. It’s that damn gorgeous. And the seafood! If you like seafood, I’m convinced you’ll never find better than on that island.
You can place all of the ingredients in a crockpot for 6 to 8 hours. I just made it
who live and move but have no being.
Science suspect that
Unlike Midtown, Bucktown or Little Five Points, you're in the 'burbs here. So the attitudes aren't always as liberal. And it was a Saturday afternoon, so there were a lot of people there. And I can just hear some of you say "I could never go out to a mall on a Saturday afternoon! I might run into someone I know, or I won't be passable enough, or people will point at me and say bad things or..."
When I first came to know Him and trust in Him, I was depressed and lost. But He took my broken heart and mended it. He made everything right. As this song says, Jesus will take “The broken hearts of lonely souls / And make all things right.”
I will still try to update, but it won't be as frequent.
Thanks to all my wonderful followers for sticking by me while i get a hang of this whole blog thing :) Your the best!!
following reprisals.
I've got balls bigger than your pea shaped fucking brain,
Pernik: for giving it a shot
over all,
at doing other people’s hair than my own
Second, and most important, Olivieri admits himself that elliptical orbits of the planets are the crux of the issue, and I quote his admission.
So, today, 7 years later, I don’t eat red meat, processed meats, fish and chicken on the bone…so that leaves me with chicken fillets only. The reason for this is: Fish doesn’t look like they meant to be eaten, red meat is just gross and if it wasn’t for a really badly cooked chicken I was made to eat (that still had traces of fresh blood on the bone), fillet chicken is all I’m eating. So, being “older and wiser” and still no concrete valid reason for not eating meat, I’ve decided to clue myself up on vegetarian terms and the benefits of my eating arrangements, through a series of upcoming blogs…
For example: “I don’t think you and Bill will have fun if you’re worried about Sara. Why don’t you hire a sitter to watch her so you can celebrate with us.”
I attended last fall and was gobsmacked by the breadth and depth of offerings and friendly faces. My judgement was biased, to be candid, by knowing many of the vendors from Oaxaca!
Anyway, net net: ”letting go?’ Not my forte. However, denial? Particularly about certain things — like whether my four-Diet Cokes-a-day habit is breeding some additive-induced cancer, or if I’m going to hell for fantasizing about cryogenically freezing my people so that I can score 6 to 12 guilt-free months of wine drinking and trash novel-reading? Well, that’s my specialty. I do denial like the Dali Lama does peace: 100 percent and without a trace of doubt. Seriously, all I need is a new haircut and a pretty, sunset-hued toga. I know it’s not healthy. But don’t kick a cowgirl when she’s down. It’s not polite.
The winner of the Simon Gift Certificate, as chosen by random.org is....
When writing about a place, we have a temptation to describe it all at once, but it’s more effective to begin at a distance, then move in for the smaller details. So there you are out in the snow and cold. What is the panoramic view? What specifically do you see in the distance? What sounds are coming to you from far away?
And I began to realize that hiding my expressions from my face was denying myself and my friends the intimacy of seeing how I actually felt. He said he could actually see and feel what I was feeling. My feelings did not become his own but he could begin to see how much he had hurt me and in allowing him to see it I allowed him to get closer to me.
with Jamie Oliver, and the 2004
Anyway, ACC, I’m glad you’re having a good time with Ted. Rescue mounts can have their quirks, no question about it, but over time it does get better, once they’ve had time to realize that they’re safe now. And remember, yeah, those roflcopters are cool and all, but a roflcopter can’t love.
As a friend of mine pointed out, Ethel could have been playing the Doctor the whole time—encouraging his affections to ensure he’d keep her safe. But I doubt it, because this lady does little to guide her own destiny otherwise. It’s amazing to see Dietrich, only a year away from The Blue Angel (1930), playing a woman this mousy. Had she brought an early version of Lola-Lola onto that ship, we’d have something to talk about.
The Dog eating freak and his endless fiascos just won't go away either!
* How to Calculate Readership: Circulation is the number of newspapers that are printed and distributed each day. Readership reflects the actual number of people who read those newspapers.
Me: "What if it's just a giant uterus that people had to throw babies at and if the babies stick, they win the game or something?"
Chocolate Pudding Mousse
So it is not a matter of acquiring detachment. It is a matter of seeing the foolishness of attachment when you suffer in attachment; then you do not go to the opposite. Now, what happens? You want to be attached and at the same time you want to be detached, and in this conflict there is pain. If in pain itself you realize the finality of pain, if you do not try to escape to the opposite, then that very pain will free you from both attachment and detachment.
Are floating about somewhere unable to reach out to assist you,
As an adult, I see that this was once again, evidence of how my mother’s Buddhist practice informed her parenting. In Buddhism, it is called right attitude or right view and it is one of the steps of the Eight Fold Path. The steps refer to a set of practices available to eliminate suffering and achieve equanimity in our human experience. Other items on the list are right speech, right livelihood, right concentration, right action, right mindfulness, right effort, and right intention.
Our Senior Pastor, Lon Solomon, asked the two following questions in a recent sermon:
Again, apologies for the delay, but sometimes, even life gets in the way of a great read!
Yesterday I posted about the Newbie Blogger Initiative. I’ve gotten the chance to read and comment on a few new blogs, and I’m pretty stoked about the whole thing.
I asked myself, "How can I make glimmer mist without the powders???"
I am not going in any order, I am just going to go. I am going to follow the light that is leading me in this and work/draw/paint on this project in His timing. No deadlines, no pressure, just to keep working at it.
What did you think of the video?
He: (snorts) Sweetie, I _have_ someone who does that.
I have downloaded a new Blogger version.
Graphics the game is superb, some areas are a joy to witness and I found myself stopping every once and a while just to look around. The conversations between Nathan and Victor are as brilliantly scripted and acted as ever and levels like the aircraft and desert really throw you into the thick of an adventure.
Tot was given the choice to stay in her room or move to the spare "green" bedroom (where you might remember she camped out in for months and more months and more months not long ago). Despite my feelings about it, she opted to go into the "green room" (equals more work for me). Consequently, Bean would go into Tot's old room and Bean's room would return to the nursery for the baby.
So if I'm not around the next couple of days it's cause I'm taking a hometown hiatus. Having fun with family and making an attempt at building my brand. Then when I get back it'll be about time to start cookin' the next Spawnie. So much excitement packed in a week. I may implode from the thrill.
● South Africa, which reintroduced DDT in 2003 after a seven-year ban, saw its malaria rates plummet 80%.
When the time feels right for you, take action. Take the time to reflect on your own inner truths so that you can ‘clear the way’ to firstly trust and then follow your own gut (also why a clear gut is important). Clear your solar plexus (chakra or energy centre in your stomach area that governs your intuition and ‘gut knowing’) and surround yourself with lots of bright yellow colour which will also raise your spirits and bring in sunshine vibes of happiness. Sun energy is important too in this clearing process.
- 60% of first district respondents “want Benishek replaced”
1 determine
To taste whole joys. Gems which you women use
So I'm up, taking a break from folding laundry.
So there you have it. Some cryptic message, embedded int eh asphalt. Who is doing it? And why? We may never know.
In (Part 2) of this blog, we talked about the “Level of Expectation” process in your Sales Department.
1. Have exceptional coloring skills. Most of our images are made to be
Rest In Peace Sweet Girl.
That's enough of the garden for now. It's still a work in progress. I think I've planted 50 or so tomato plants around the outskirts of the garden...some corn, lots of peppers, cucumbers, squash (still have a bunch I started from seeds to plant), etc. It's got a great start and I'm happily still working in it a little every day.
Vehicles at cost price for ECA members Dismissal for poor work performance during probation Who is an independent contractor? Installation of thermal insulation around electrical equipment ECA (SA) schedule of rates New ombudsman and new heat pump division
“Hello? Jenro?”
Then I thought: "I don't even like graham cracker crusts. Who even bought this?"
When I heard about this new development at the Piggly Wiggly Country Village I got excited. I had visions of a large scale conundrum of twisting trails, confusing crossroads and frustrating dead ends. Sadly, I was a little disappointed. In reality, it is fairly easy to navigate the narrow maize paths and the only real concerns are a slap in the eye from an encroaching mealie stalk or the threat of being bowled over by a swarm of sprinting children.
