Hello Baby Lefty Bicep.
This is where it all begins. I like to call it ‘the road to my dream’, and I have the talk I had with the Director to thank for all of this. (Mr.Chan, if you’re reading this, I thank you from the bottom of my heart.) I left his office feeling more inspired than ever, as I never noticed what I wasn’t doing for myself. In a blink of an eye, I could be graduating without having done anything in my pursuit of success. Why shouldn’t I start writing now? What’s been pulling me back? I can confidently say it was nothing but myself. If other aspiring writers can do it, so can I. How different can we be? What do they possibly have that I don’t? Perhaps a head start, but it’s never too late. As the Director told me, I should do something with my head, hands and heart: something I have knowledge about with skills that I can use, and something that gives me passion and happiness. Writing lifestyle columns is something I would love to do and I won’t let anything, including myself, get in the way of it.
Federal Tax ID 62-1448961 DUNS # 07-931-2042
As soon as one chook got broody they all did, they would hide their eggs and start to settle on their clutches; if you disturbed them they would just go and find another spot to hoard their eggs in and start the whole process again, sometimes they were broody for so long we genuinely feared for them - to break the cycle we had to get fertilised eggs from our breeder and let them hatch a clutch.
U: Ubiquitous~ don’t you just love that word? If I was going to start a little town and name it, I think I would name it Ubiquitous, just because I love the sensation of saying that word. By the way, I also love the word Unmitigated. perhaps I could start two towns!!
For several years I made only one-of-a-kind cards to send out. Unfortunately this year I wasn't able to spend the same amount of time crafting, so I had to repeat some of the designs with only a minimal change to be able to produce the most cards within the shortest period of time. And yet I still wasn't able to make enough for everybody. With little ones coming this year I hope I can still steal some time to craft now and then :)
HAARP patents states that HAARP can beam radio energy into the Auroral electrojet, the curved, charged-particle stream formed at high latitudes where the solar wind interacts with Earth’s magnetic field. The radio energy then disperses over large areas through ductlike regions of the ionosphere, forming a virtual antenna that can be thousands of miles in length.
William Golding's classic tale about a group of English schoolboys who are plane-wrecked on a deserted island is just as chilling and relevant today as when it was first published in 1954
"The first objects that assume a distinct prescence before me, as I look far back, into the blank of my infancy, are my mother with her pretty hair and youthful shape . . ."
As for an all time favourite, possibly one of the stories of the giant Cormoran, whose body is said to lie under St Michael’s Mount in Cornwall, whether it was put there by his wife, Cormellian or Jack the Giantkiller. I’d choose it because I love to stand on the beach at Marazion and imagine the remains of the giant buried under the Mount in the bay.
5) Realise that 1 billion is a lot of money that really takes some spending so pick up that Lamborghini brochure again.
Half of the original cross structure members must be retained from
The doors to the saloon swung open bringing a few grumbles from those inside, the bright sunlight stinging their eyes. The shadowed figure standing at the door paid the grumblers no mind. He was staring at the back of a hunched figure sitting at the bar. He moved from the doorway allowing the doors to swing shut ending the stream of bright sunlight.
Schleck’s chain came off its sprocket, and Contador zoomed by to retake the lead.
I love typos. Mine are always glorious. I just typed the the above sentance as "unless your standing inside steaming up the WIDOW..." hahahahahahahaha!!!!! Sometimes I send emails to Pirnanha where I proclaim I'm tired of fighting my fingers and she'll just have to decipher my message on her own.
I was giggling and having fun in no time. Meanwhile, husband was huffing and puffing and doing all the work... whoops! I guess I didn't learn so much afterall... except that I make awesome shadow puppets.
She proved to us that even from the smallest of places can come the greatest of strengths.
The art quilts were stunning. Really stunning. Looking at these art quilts makes me so torn between what I love in the pieced block quilts and the modern art quilts......I love them all and I guess really don't need to choose one style over the next.
It was sent by "Austin-based competitive food eater Hungry Todd Rungy" and it announced that in support of the American Diabetes Associations "Tour de Cure" Mr. Rangy would "attempt to break the world cupcake speed eating record at this year’s Cupcake Smackdown, on June 4th!"
There are times, I reflected, when nothing else in the English language is so expressive as the single word, "Nuts." But I said nothing, hoping that he would work off his enthusiasm by writing a letter to the magazine. I should have known better.
The Malay woman is afraid of complaining because she fears being replaced. Her role as a wife has been reduced to a throw-away commodity. The Malay men who frown on polygamy remain silent on such issues.
When the world twice descended into warfare and savagery over the last century, the English were on the right side. We were instrumental in defeating Kaiser Wilhelm’s imperialism and we stood alone when we declared war on Adolf Hitler’s Germany — whilst Adolf himself dreamed only of an Anglo-Germanic empire.
But even Dorothy was able to wake up from her experience and realize what parts were real and which were not. The people in her real life bled over into the adventure she had while she was unconscious/sleeping.
Monday, October 25, 7pm - 10pm
“Jack Lawrence” Father says.
What I'm leading up to is the fact that we haven't got a television. This isn't some grand gesture on our part, and I do not think our lives are richer for not having one but, quite simply, what we've seen hasn't convinced us that it's worth the cost of buying one, or the hassle of getting one up the stairs. I would suggest, though, that every critic of the BBC spend one month with nothing to view except Italian televison; following which even the most rabid free-marketeer would be begging for the UK licence fee to be at least doubled.
Add lemon juice to the grated beets immediately to preserve color. Toss beets with hazelnut oil, hazelnuts, and chives. We added some of both nuts and garlic chives to top, and the salt and peppered to taste. Serves 2.
I’m getting ready to go on another long training walk for the Flying Pig. They so nicely reminded all of us in an email that we should be going for longer training runs/walks this week. Thanks Flying Pig!
but the article is not conventional aesthetics it is really about the harm it does in dissociating people from their culture and communities. You missed that!
The Ethiopian Church in Jerusalem is surrounded by a cool, shady garden (which comes in handy on a hot Jerusalem summer). Ethiopian Orthodox worshipers, and all visitors to the church, are asked to remove their shoes when entering this church (it also applies to other Ethiopian churches).
FA: Definitely. I had two laps today with that car for the parade and it is part of the history of Ferrari. Being every single year, every single championship in Formula One, winning 60 years ago with that car with Froilan and now 60 years later on the same circuit with the same atmosphere I am sure in the team, with the same passion winning again with the red car. Very proud of the team. Very proud of the recovery that we did. I think three or four races ago we were 1.5 seconds behind and now we were leading the race and pulling away so definitely a good recovery from the team and a very special day. Every grand prix is special but winning in historic places on this fantastic circuit, Silverstone, with the tradition in England about Formula One, the culture about motorsport, it is even more special.
g) anything else reported by the Daily Mail
Slowly the voices die. Hush.
Readers, I realize that what I’m about to share with you hardly counts as creative writing. In fact, I’m not even going to try to pass it off as writing. What follows is in no way my own creation. But I couldn’t bear to pass up the opportunity to share this with you.
16/08 19:40 W 400 Metres Semi-Final
First, and most popular, is the FPS - the first person shooter.
Below is a picture of one I made from a beautiful blue bottle.
“Chalk up a big win for us,” Wei raised a glass of baijiu.
Suddenly the man cocked an ear. Spreading out his hands slowly onto the ground he lowered himself down to his belly and listened closely to the dirt. Guus watched his every movement.
People stood in line for three days and nights to buy tickets to hear him speak and read from his novels.
I'm going to do the sticker book with my girls. I will have them add a sticker on their journal every time they write in it! And hopefully at the end of the year, I will say that we went through a ton of stickers!
Well. I dunno.
There are many, many celebratory events and activities throughout the Nation’s capitol come St. Paddy’s Day. The most famous of these is probably the Shamrock Festival at the RFK Stadium. It happens on March 14 and it’s an all-day event showcasing over 50 Irish bands, dancers, games and other activities.
I’ll hate to see the Austin Athletic Club go, but frankly, from what I’ve read, the building is too decayed to preserve. Our current leaders are not to blame, but rather the people who were in charge twenty-five years ago. They dropped the ball and let this venerable old building rot away. Every day for a quarter century thousands of people have driven past the AAC on Lamar and no doubt thought, “Gee, they really ought to restore that old building.” But no one did anything. It’s our duty now to take a long, hard look at Austin’s other historic properties and to see what we can do about saving them while they still can be saved, while Austin still retains at least a shred of its unique identity, before it all turns into a generic yuppie wasteland. That would be the last service the Austin Athletic Club could provide to this city.
I do believe it’s all too easy to become fixated on the day-to-day numbers. I’m just as guilty of this but I bet (excuse the pun) many others trying to shed a kg or two are too.
Toodles, friends! Thanks for stopping by (AMY!) I'll be around to your place soon. My sister and I are doing a fair in Elizabeth tomorrow. I'll have lots of stuff from my Etsy shop plus A MUSE STUDIO CATALOGS! Do you have yours yet? I'd be happy to send you one! Leave a note in my comments and we'll wheel and deal! (That means $5 plus S&H)
I found the above note a few weeks ago when I was picking Beezus up from school. It was tucked under my tire, but not quite, so I pocketed it. It got shuffled into the mail, then ended up on my desk where it somehow floated to the top of the pile this morning.
Johnson herself was facing an unsure future until recently.
"The potential for invasive surveillance of daily activities with drone technology is high," wrote Rep. Edward J. Markey, D-Mass., in an April 19 letter to FAA. "We must ensure that as drones take flight in domestic airspace, they don't take off without privacy protections for those along their flight path."
Or something. The ship can’t cure you because we have to sit through another “Is Rory gonna die?” moment but it can make you better enough to walk around as long as you stay on board. Yeah? I don’t know. By the end of this episode I was so checked out by Rory’s “death” scene again that the only thing that could have left me with good feelings was if they started to call Rory, “Kenny.”
you’re telling secrets like the serpent
- Fuckin hell, - I went.
- Ken and Erin
We’ve had a few afternoon storms lately, but today was warm and blue – the sun had her claws out, ready to claim back some sky. So with a little help from our brilliant friend, we took a Sunday drive to the Brisbane Forest Park at Mt Glorious & had a late lunch in the park.
Okay, so enough is enough already. After I put up my catch-all application info last week for a new Earth Online guild, I’ve been fielding responses from a bunch of guilds and asking around for more options, and HOLY CRAP there’s a lot of fail out there. And look, I’m not even talking about progression, because, whatever, there’s like a hundred reasons why a guild might be going faster or slower even if they know what they’re doing. So that’s fine, you clear the content that you clear.
Check out this vintage bloomer footage from 1902!
The last step was the most challenging to me. After receiving the mock-up from the photoshoot, I was on the home stretch: the writing. I really wanted to invite the reader into my classroom. Crafting each sentence, choosing each word, asking myself the same questions over and over again:
What we are asking is simple:
We dissed Kyoto on the late night news....
The series The War You Don’t See uses the same hand-crafted photomontage technique as Heartfield. In some the very “crudity” of this approach – one now unfamiliar to younger artists used to slick digital image manipulation – adds visual punch to the message and implies a critical attitude to expensive electronic media.
But why would wealth and status decrease our feelings of compassion for others? After all, it seems more likely that having few resources would lead to selfishness. Piff and his colleagues suspect that the answer may have something to do with how wealth and abundance give us a sense of freedom and independence from others. The less we have to rely on others, the less we may care about their feelings. This leads us towards being more self-focused. Another reason has to do with our attitudes towards greed. Like Gordon Gekko, upper-class people may be more likely to endorse the idea that “greed is good.” Piff and his colleagues found that wealthier people are more likely to agree with statements that greed is justified, beneficial, and morally defensible. These attitudes ended up predicting participants’ likelihood of engaging in unethical behavior.
Glitz Design "Beautiful Dreamer" Journaling Cardstock Stickers
From those deep cisterns flows.
PIMCO Sporting Events
Michael and Rasmus were flushed and beaming and made their small apologies. Michael, whose body never likely felt a moment’s ease, and Rasmus, the young drummer who spent four days a week caring for a severely handicapped man, and Hele, the woman who did the job the other three and had never been out of her village in Denmark, now giddy on fois gras and snails and the finest the Burgundy region had to offer. Their mirth was contagious. With tongue firmly in cheek, I informed them that they’d missed the best small group ever. “New heights in discussion were reached, isn’t that right, Alistair?”
I used to struggle about what to write. I didn’t know what people would want to read. I always thought that all my thoughts were random thoughts but that turned out to be my content. I started writing about some of the things I learned in personal development, then I would address things that had come up in conversation like “what is success?”. Tid bits of conversations really inspired me to think about the subject more, so much so that Iwould write down the idea so I wouldn’t lose my inspiration.
I know I sure did.
“My kitchen, but I am going to move him. He is starting to really smell.”
Recap~
4:55 pm Ran to car and headed home
The Thin Red Line was a watershed film for me, one that opened my eyes to new modes of filmmaking and eventually exposed me to all sorts of new artists and ideas. It may sound silly to some, but only Pulp Fiction has had an even remotely similar effect on me as a person and a viewer. I relate this admittedly not-very-interesting story to you because I think it in some small way parallels Malick’s work as a whole and The Tree of Life specifically.
The teacher looks at me. Expecting. Eyebrows encouraging. Ok fine.
One form of compassion happens when we are clear and honest about the actions of others, but kind and generous when we infer thought and motive.
All this week I have been in the Iveragh Peninsula in Kerry in the south west of Ireland – and I have been trying to figure out some way of blogging about it without seeming to be making an Irish joke.
The week after when the store properly launched I had the privilege to attend a preshopping event, the night before the big opening and just before I left london! I picked a few pieces and about 10 rings... you have to go check it out yourself, the 3 story giant we finally have on oxford street!
Q066) Do you have any desire to marry?
The longest Surah (Chapter) in the Qur’an is Surah-al-Baqarah anmd the smallest Surah Surah-al-Kausar
My dad’s suggestion was because they’re yellowish. Then why custard? Why no something like banana creams? …those should be real! Banana creams! You know those crystallised banana pieces you can get? Usually with nuts and stuff? You could get those and cover is in the filling from custard creams, get the biscuit edges and viola! Banana Cream!
I can’t believe it’s available for free considering the quality of the tune.
This easy repetition of the crowds’ opinion of Jesus is not enough. Now Jesus asks what the disciples themselves think. They have been close witnesses of Jesus’ words and deeds, entrusted with the secrets of the kingdom of God (Mark 4:11). What has their special access taught them?
Do you prefer the big gigs or rather more intimate settings?
There's an entertaining article in the Courier today on pages 22-23 showing the results of five reporters on a pretend journey to work from the centre of Tonbridge to the clock tower in Tunbridge Wells town centre. I love this kind of reporting because it's interesting and useful but also has a crazy pointlessness to it which appeals to my mad sense of humour. Actually I think they probably adapted the idea from a Top Gear episode I saw a while back but lets not worry about that. Each of the five Courier reporters were designated a different mode of transport to travel the same journey. Train, running, bike, car and bus where the ones they plumped for. Now, on the face of it you'd think that the car would win hands down, but the results were perhaps quite surprising for some. Not really for me though since, being he idiotic guy I am, I've already tried most of these modes of transport to Tunbridge Wells. I once walked it just to see how long it would take so knew that it would take only about a hour and a half to get there that way even at a strolling pace. As a runner I know that a ten minute mile is a fairly comfortable pace so that would mean about half an hour to the destination. The time of day therefore was crucial since you can drive the distance, with a clear run, in around 12 minutes. Even allowing for getting parked you'd be there first no trouble. But that's with a clear run. Not much chance of that at 8-30 on a weekday morning! Then there's the cost of parking for the day to consider. The bus, I should have thought, whould have been a contender though although, it seems, reporter Shams can't read a timetable which cost her valuable minutes. The train, as anyone local knows, is a daft way to get to that end of Tunbridge Wells because you have to hike it for ten minutes at each end of the journey and wait around on the platform. So I'd have put my money on the bike getting there first since, unless Mo Farrah was doing that leg, it usually beats a runner. So it proved to be the case but only by 4 minutes ahead of the runner.
“We have to make sure we love each other more than we love…politics…”
20 “X“…
Maybe these innovations don’t mean much to the general population as a whole or to politicians who are more concerned about being elected or re-elected by playing on voters fears or ideology. But for our national economy – to keep our nation and businesses from going bankrupt as a result of extraordinarily high medical care delivery costs – it is imperative.
I returned home for Mother's Day weekend for two reasons. One, my father was moved out of the ICU to an LTAC facility and I wanted to check it out. Also, my mother may not remember that I came to see her on Mother's Day, but *I* would know. And that was important to me.
However, Pardo still fears the effects of widespread paywall use. Such a system, she says, could lead to an elitist news model, only offering information to those who can afford it.
But the truly vitiating thing about this ending is not all of the quick changes in general; it is, rather, Valentine's totally unbelievable and unnecessary giving-away of Silvia to her would-be rapist, the right to do which he doesn't even possess (Silvia's dad is not only still alive he's the fucking Duke of Milan!). It boggles my mind that Shakespeare for some reason included that problematic item. Comedies tend to come to quick and not necessarily believable conclusions, so I didn't really have a problem with that in TGoV — even though it is particularly abrupt in this respect. But the whole Silvia give-away?
I found the love for God again after getting married. I was Baptized the Easter Sunday in 2003 and reconfirmed my faith with Jesus Christ. The Holy Spirit working in me, I have faithfully tried to get my husband to be more committed to God, Christianity and the Bible.
Kenyan society pays a high price for our narrow perspective of leadership. We are failing to see the many ways that women are already contributing to the leadership of the country and doing so in earthshattering ways. For example, it is our narrow perspective on leadership that caused us to fail to recognize the tremendously transformative work of Prof. Wangari Maathai. Why did it take Kenyans so long to recognize and celebrate what the rest of the world already saw of our heroine’s work? What more could she have contributed to society had we embraced her early and deeply and given her the space to freely give of her all gifts to Kenya? We are failing to recognize the leadership of women like Ory Okolloh, one of the co-founders of the internationally recognized Ushahidi platform who now heads policy and government relations for Google in Africa. There are the Weaving Women, the collection of women artists, academics, writers and thinkers behind an exploration of the cultural image of ‘Wanjiku’ in representing the ‘average’ Kenyan citizen. This group of women is generating valuable new knowledge, indigenous knowledge, on the political and social systems of gender power in Kenya. Sadly, in our obsession with politicians, we are failing to see the ways these multidisciplinary women are innovative leaders. How many other Okollohs and Prof. Maathais remain untapped. Which other human resources, talented and dedicated Kenyan women of substance, is the country not benefiting from? Why do we continue with this wanton waste of potential?
And when he came back to the place where the wide things are they roared their terrible roars and gnashed their terrible teeth and rolled their terrible bellies and showed their terrible appetites… ‘til Jax said “QUIT OVEREATING!” and tamed them with a magic trick of making them laugh while imparting valuable weight loss information to them.
I found a full-time job, dropped out of high school and moved out of home when I was 15 and a half years old. It didn’t turn out to be the cure-all I was hoping for, but it gave me distance and Independence. Something I thought I was ready for. I am not so sure that I was ready but it was a classic example of the lesser of two evils.
UPDATE: Wednesday, April 25th, 2012: The United States Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit just lifted Beunka Adams stay of execution. Adams was scheduled to be executed on April 26th, 2012 for his role in a 2002 killing in Rusk, Texas.
behind a North Hampton, New Hampshire restaurant, where an employee spotted a man in dark clothing with a gun. He called the police and the student in question did not resist but simply walked to his car and explained the game to the police. The student did not run away from the police, he cooperated fully, and was not arrested. The man turned out to
It has gone better than expected, we did have a few tears about lights on and lights off, spiders and flies yet they eventually went quiet and I found them like this, let’s hope they stay there until a good time in the morning.
You're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
However, the NST is still headed by a story elaborating on the two PKR Penang exco members nabbed by the ACA. Balanced reporting?
The author of this post has started a new blog, Not Well Adjusted, and has given permission to re-post this entry here. Go read her blog to find out more about her childhood and why she decided to become free of her mother.
Capital of Iraq.
to be the adjustable waist band, the buttons
The Little Drummer Boy Book II ... ABC Family ... 7:30 AM
Never underestimate the power of denial.
I would expect neither round to cycle an automatic, having not the bullet weight nor pressure to function the action. Given their application though, I don't see this as a major drawback.
86-89 Smith BEST OF DRAGON VOLUME IV
Since that time, once a year, at Christmas, I receive a card from Jordan's family. Matthew is now nine years old, a wonderful, loving child, full of life and normal boyhood joys.
‘The truth of the gospel is the principle article of all Christian doctrine… Most necessary is it that we know this article well, teach it to others, and beat it into their heads continually.’
I injured my lower back. I froze my neck. I couldn’t bend down to my toddler without collapsing. My eyeballs throbbed. After that introduction, you better believe I approached yoga practice with deep respect for my limitations. I kept it up for a few years, slowly and carefully running through a few postures every day. The most adventurous I got was a sunrise salutation or three. The emphasis in the book I followed was on stretching, focusing, centering, and, finally, relaxing, feeling the welcome tingle of blood flowing in starved places.
PROSPECTS: One of the most popular animated feature franchises looks to be cruising along in its newest installment.
I did stretches with the group and then a 1.3 mile warm-up and was happy I'd readjusted my expectations. The warm-up felt rough. The air temperature was warm and the sun was blazing hot. I'd basically already decided to run in just my shorts and sports bra but the warm-up solidified it.
The front of the bag is patchwork and machine quilted to a piece of cotton flannel. The back is a piece of fabric with baseballs on it and the lining is from a thrifted (washed) sheet.
Together We'll Never apparently dates from 1986, and is most likely a high generation copy of the 1986 single (again on translucent green vinyl!) released on the Tasque Force label, rather than a demo. This version is not quite as good as the version that appeared on the final (posthumous) Green River album Rehab Doll, but it's still pretty damn good!
6/10 when sweetened.
Fuck yeah!
“Ten cents?” says the bloke, incredulously. “Do you do counter meals here?”
Luckily, my hubby felt better later and helped me finish up the other room. I had bought enough paint for 4 different rooms and even thought we worked all weekend, I barely got thru two rooms. My goals were apparently too ambitous.
If you can't afford the conference fee -- volunteer! Each workshop has a volunteer room monitor who gets to listen to the presentation for free for the price of making sure the presenter has everything he or she needs.
Today’s article is the sixth in a series of articles (1st Steve Jobs, 2nd Michael Dell, 3rd Warren Buffet, 4th Bill Gates, 5th Larry Ellison), analysing current and past leaders to ascertain how Chief Information Officer’s (CIOs) can learn better management by applying the management practices of leadership, practiced by these leaders.
She explained pregnancy loss in her professional tone.............
I believe these homemade protein bars
Anthony also reveals an old shippers tail: “The old joke goes, it was fine when it left here, made by the Irish men and sunk by a English one.”
Due to the offset of the bulk of the upright from the steering axis, the design at first appears to offer a lot of King Pin Inclination (KPI), but closer examination of the ball joints shows them to be relatively normal for an F1 car. An increased KPI angle creates more camber change through steering.
Abide IN Christ Jesus my friends!
Wounds heal at a rate of 1 hit point a day.
Sugar and salt for seasoning
Become an ultra-runner - Scheduled for February 4th. 50 miles or bust!!!
If you’ve come across any great deals or freebies, please feel free to pass them along for me to post!
Voila! This time, I'm really in love! They feel like they fit in the room now, they're not just a big neon piece of furniture sitting there.
Once they are cooled, save them to top your pie. If you stop to taste even one, you might eat half of them. That's just fair warning... in fact, why not go ahead and make yourself a double batch? It's Halloween. You've earned it.
I’m In Trouble
This first card is a Close To My Heart card, that I created for my mom's blog. I used the Cruisin' paper pack, and stamps from Super Powers and Adventure USA. (You can find all the specific details, on my mom's Close To My Heart blog!)
"That's some good stuff you got there," said Thomas.
And, with good reason. Their CIC sounded more like he was repeating “Peace in Our Time” than the end to a successful military campaign.
The wind and rain are working as a partnership now, and my feet are feeling numb. Conversation has stopped pretty much all the way up and down the queue and everyone concentrates on staying warm. It’s 4pm.
Your notice can say whatever you like. I would suggest you keep it on topic, and try to question the facts as laid out in their notice. Your notice could be as simple as ‘I have read and conditionally accepted your notice, providing you answer the following questions 1) 2) 3)’. Think up some questions. Is there anything about the Traffic Management Act 2004 you don’t understand? If you can’t think of any questions to ask, why not take a look at our model answer?
2. Things to read on blogs
Anne from "Imprisoned in my Bones" posted a beautiful piece that reflected a holy gratitude. I was moved by her words, and began to consider my own heart - for what am I grateful today? I was first struck by the reality that it took another's gratitude for me to consider my own…a weakness, to be sure. It does not often come naturally for me, nor for many, do I suspect. I must work at gratitude; it is not difficult when presented with great generosity, surely. I recall a Christmas many years ago when I was still a student where a dear old friend arrived with gifts and food for our family - gratitude came easy. I recollect many instances of goodness bestowed upon myself and those I love when gratitude was the very bread I ate…and yet, day to day, it is not so much as a crumb.
I created the base with acrylics and added detail by sponging through some sequin waste and over stamping in random areas with CI 161 text stamp.
* Join the National march for Jobs, Justice and Growth on March 26th in London (phone 07503169657 to book a place on a coach)
The attack comes just days after 18 year old Ernest Hoon was shot dead in bed at his parents home.
Clean Green Sask taking donations to pay for venue.
Symptoms: Oh my gosh, sciatica is hell on earth. I never had this with Anna, but my son enjoys tormenting me by sitting low on my ass nerves. If you look at the video above, you’ll see how low she had to scan to see him. He likes to hang out on my bladder and my ass nerve all day long. Move up, son, move up!
1 finish
"But what about your mother?" she asked. Uh-oh.
It was Yoochun’s Mom.
1/3 package of “Gimme Lean” sausage
He missed the snake and hit the leg of the end table. The table fell over and the lamp on it shattered and as the bulb broke it started a fire in the drapes. The other policeman tried to beat out the flames, and fell through the window into the yard on top of the family dog who, startled, jumped out and raced into the street, where an oncoming car swerved to avoid it and smashed into the parked police car.
In the blood and gore stakes, do you think less is more, that suggesting horror can be more frightening than going into intricate detail?
“An error does not become truth by reason of multiplied propagation, nor does truth become error because nobody sees it.”
Swedish cartoonist nationals. In the US, we saw Reverend Al Sharpton
(included) All notes are in French.
The actual United States wealth distribution plotted against the estimated and ideal distributions across all respondents. Because of their small percentage share of total wealth, both the ‘‘4th 20%’’ value (0.2%) and the ‘‘Bottom 20%’’ value (0.1%) are not visible in the ‘‘Actual’’ distribution.
-Eggs (YUM!)
Grads are encouraged to stop by the library and check on any new scholarship opportunities. Please be mindful of the deadlines. Just a final reminder to all grads that the applications for the following scholarships are due today, Monday, April 30:
This card is autographed by Mariners' infield prospect, Even Sharpley. Sharpley is currently in his second league of professional baseball. He had quite a good season last year on the Mariners' Arizona League team where he batted .333 with seven home runs and 29 RBIs. His numbers have gone down this season batting .235 with 6 home runs and 42 RBIs, which ranks tied for fifth in the Northwest League.
I saw this image on another blog (The Non-Blonde, one of my favorite blogs for years and years), and I about died from joy. A Parisian at a Parisian premier--and the look is about as close as I can get to an ideal to stretch for. The detail at the wrist. That long swing of the front--biker, but not. The white shirt pulled on without a fuss. Black pants/denim.
465. Pepperoni Slice from Papa Romeo (Chicago, IL) @ JR’s Place – 2:25 P.M.
Fleece and cotton take its prisoner;
I really do not think this is how it works, and I could be wrong, so please help me out to understand this subject.
They turned out perfect – well, most of them did. The interesting thing is that those that were baked on my lovely Pampered Chef baking sheet spread out like biscuits. I love this baking sheet as it is thick and almost bombproof, but obviously it cooks things differently. The ones baked on my old cheap and nasty baking trays –( the type that goes ping in the oven within moments of putting it in as it twists and warps ) - stayed cookie-shaped and came out lovely.
Shin Megami Tensei – Digital Devil Saga 2 (PS2)
Song title: 6, 8, 12
I have not had a chance to download pictures, so I had to poach these pictures from her blog!!
of a place buried beneath the hard stern gray city
You cannot drink the cup of the Lord and the cup of demons; you cannot partake of the table of the Lord and the table of demons.
Ultimately the author’s narrative is disjointed and the lack of overarching thesis leaves the reader confused about the how the events described are interrelated. This is especially evident in the Schenk’s discussion of Christianity. The author spends the entire first part of his study examining and explaining what he sees as two strands of Christianity in Europe, the conservative and the radical, but then does not readdress religion until the final two pages. If these two competing strands of Christianity are central, the author needs to show throughout the study how they influence the social and political leaders of Europe. Also, Schenk’s ten page digression examining the trade competition between the Spain, United States, and Great Britain in Latin America seems excessive and should be shortened and clarified as too how this undermines the congress system. Furthermore, the examination of European nations in the second part is not connected to the other parts of the book with each chapter standing as an independent essay rather than a coherent examination of Europe under the congress system. Finally, Schenk never describes how he understands the Congress of Vienna or the congress system and how his country studies undermine this system. The lack of an overarching thesis and the inability to connect his chapters leaves the reader confused and unsure of the author’s objective and the importance of the book as a scholarly contribution.
Many quote, and wrongly so, this verse from Isaiah, that says, by his stripes we are healed. They forget the rest of it. Isaiah 53:5 … But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities; the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed. It was for our spiritual healing that He bled and died, not our physical. Way too many Christians become disappointed with God when they believe otherwise. We have the promise of eternal life, not this physical life.
And there will be plenty of legal battles to follow, and it is there that the true debate will begin and none of the current debaters will be invited to those hearings.
The Miles Between explores the wonder and magic of a very real world where chance, mystery, and secrets abound.
Hi SP Bloggers ... you guys are going to want to check out the new Little Yellow Bicycle Swoon collection of papers and coordinating embellishments. Swoon is perfect for wedding and anniversary memories but so much more. Here are some pictures to give you a feel for the line, but afraid the pictures don't quite do these papers justice. They really are beautiful!
“Really?” said Reginald. “You think that paw will get better on its own, do you?”
The title of this post is actually a list. I’m not saying goodbye to gooseberries, I’m listing the two topics I’m going to be writing about. Aren’t you glad I cleared that up? I am.
First: “lame” is itself an epithet–it’s ableist. Try substituting “boring” or “tacky” or, one of my favorite bits of British slang, “naff.”
He observes the Earth for hours until at last he sees the Incredible Hulk. He knows of his strength and his simple mind and knows he will be perfect for his plan. He makes Hulk believe that a train is in trouble. When Hulk’s naïve mind perceives the distress he leaps quickly into action, destroying the tracks. The engineers on the train believe that he tried to kill them and soon the press is announcing that Hulk is on a rampage.
Until recently, this sort of problem was limited to the very wealthy, but thanks to the new-found accessibility of home entertainment, this is no longer the case. Even a minimum-wage worker can rent a DVD with two hours of entertainment for what they make in about ten minutes and purchase it for what they make in half an hour at a pawn shop or Amazon Z-shop. We all can get overwhelmed if we don’t think ahead. This is much like how so many people in the developed world are overweight thanks to instincts developed for hunter-gatherers who might not find another meal for a few days.
Hesitation.
...and there may already be a different deluxe edition on its way. Just a few days ago, Sean Phillips posted, without comment, an image for Incognito: The Classified Edition.
O foolish Galatians, who hath bewitched you, that ye should not obey the truth, before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set forth, crucified among you? This only would I learn of you, Received ye the Spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith? Are ye so foolish? having begun in the Spirit, are ye now made perfect by the flesh? Have ye suffered so many things in vain? if it be yet in vain. He therefore that ministereth to you the Spirit, and worketh miracles among you, doeth he it by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith? Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness. Know ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham. And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the gospel unto Abraham, saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed. So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham. For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse: for it is written, Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are written in the book of the law to do them. But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith. And the law is not of faith: but, The man that doeth them shall live in them. Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us: for it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree: That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith.
To many of us live our lives a prisoners in a windowless room in the highest tower of the tallest mountain of our own kingdom, Reality. Why do we never think about our thinking?
Do you want to get the vinyl for this set for free? Here's how! Every week (starting on Thursdays, because, well, that's how this month is going so far . . . .), anyone who places an order of $10 or more of vinyl, will receive 1 part of this set with their order. Just specify in the comments section that you would like the free Nativity vinyl of the week and it will be sent with your order. No promo code necessary (but you must remind us in the comments section or we will forget to include it)!
Claypool snorted. “Yeah? You gonna feel that way if you lose?”
For example, at Fairfield Elementary School, Principal Tammy Martin has worked with her faculty to combine not only the art and science pieces of the puzzle, but to add a service learning piece. The mosaic created for the school depicts a beautiful underwater scene to showcase its mascot, the Pirate.
I am speaking not of monastic mantras or dull, orthodox liturgies, nor am I speaking of beautiful melodies and talented perfection. I have in mind real, deep, heart-felt singing with smiles and tears and hands high. The most beautiful-sounding and finely-tuned instrument is a new heart, which only God can fashion and teach to sing. When God’s glories are seen and are delighted in, both the person and God are pleased: the person in the experience of God’s glory, and God in the exaltation of His glory.
(P.S. Those of you that follow through Facebook may have noticed a lack of posts. This is due to some internet issues not letting me visit any https sites. This will be fixed by tomorrow. Please be patient with me.)
originates in the Crown Temple in London, England. Therefore, your
On 24th October Ireland was struck by flash floods including heavy torrential rain in Dublin which was known as Monster Rain with up to 90mm of rain falling during six hours in the evening.On 27th October the Irish presidential election and three constitutional referendums were held.In October a powerful 7.2 magnitude earthquake stroke Van Province, Turkey, killing 582 people and injuring thousands.On Oct 31st the world population reaches 7 billion inhabitants according to the United Nations.
If you are uninitiated to Wishman yet, this might be a hilarious way to get you going. Literally.
It’s a mindset of HAPPINESS and gratitude that focuses on the half full glass…not the half empty glass. There are some people who can only see the downside, the negative and unfinished and they fail to rejoice in the good things that are happening all around them!
Roasted sunflower seeds
256And mild as opening gleams of promis'd heav'n.
“But I shall Change This…”
Despite confident predictions of a Newscorp return to the sector last July, the Murdochs haven’t looked at a disguised relaunch (or ‘Sunday Sun’) as yet. In truth, the sector’s potential is very limited: although few outside the business realise this, fully 700,000 Screws readers simply stopped buying a newspaper on Sundays. I think two factors here are key. First, Sunday activities have changed. The Sunday snooze and gradual hike through umpteen sections is becoming a thing of the past: the so-called day of rest is in fact much more these days one of outdoor activities. Shopping is one…and ironically, for some folks, another is going to watch Sky soccer down at the pub….a development pioneered and driven by the Digger himself.
There was an overwhelming fascination with Y2K. The funny thing is everyone from religious zealots, to Wall Street analysts, to computer geeks just knew once that clock struck midnight on 1-1-00, something huge was going to happen.
Instead of quietly accepting their fate, packing their bags and skulking back to their homes to lick their wounds, newly laid-off French workers have taken to kidnapping their bosses and holding them hostage.
*Vlodymyr Palahniuk was born in Hazle Township in 1919, worked in the coal mines, became a boxer (under the name Jack Brazzo) and served in World War II. After getting out, he studied at Stanford and then went to Hollywood when, under the name Jack Palance, he would win an Oscar, an Emmy, a Golden Globe and play in more than 100 movies and television shows.
Both my assigned patients were doing fine. One was due for transfer out of the ICU to a regular acute care floor, there just weren't any beds available. His big issue was very high blood pressure, we're talking 200/120 (normal is less than 120/80), which kept surprising me for the first few hours. Though his status only warranted charting blood pressure every four hours, out of ICU habit I still recorded it hourly. When I'd peak in to read his BP off the monitor, seeing 190/100 or somesuch kept making my brain go, "Too high, ack! Must take action! Assess patient, medication, notify doctor!" In reality, he'd been living with blood pressure this high for awhile and rapidly bringing it down would put him at risk for a stroke. The plan of care was slow reductions through careful increases in his medications. As the night progressed and he slept soundly, the pressure came down nicely.
But standing in the shower this morning, mulling this over, I realized that as children we begin as corks. My children have limited say in where we live, and day to day activities. And, to some extent, that is comforting. Not having to make many of those decisions, and have the weight of that responsibility on them, allows them to enjoy life in a more carefree manner. I enjoyed that comfort, growing up–when I was little.
“Ready for what?” an unfamiliar voice crackled through the team’s radios.
Ricotta gnocchi is also on the list. These always look so light and deliscious. They are not hard but I seem to buy the ricotta and end up using it in some other recipe. Another one I really shouldn't put off.
The Micronotz - 40 Fingers (Homestead 1986)
Every year my friends and family ask me what I want for Christmas. Every year I say the same thing: good books; wool socks. Not necessarily in that order.
Go above the norm. Be the entrepreneur known for turning around struggling employees. Be the business owner who makes a few deliveries a week to personally check in with customers. Be the boss who consistently promotes from within. Be known as the person who responds quicker, or acts faster, or who always follows up first.
To think she started out the year being the one who could not stay with the game, would run the entire field, to the one now who has the drive to play all the hot spots such as first base and catcher. These positions are two of the busiest positions there are, and she handles both with such speed, grace and passion.
Do I agree with all of the points that Derbyshire expounds upon? Not really, since I believe that dragging out facts regarding Blacks having lower IQ's compared to Hispanics compared to Whites compared to Asians compared to Jews shouldn't really be that relevant a point. That's just one of the neo-eugenecist patterns that Derbyshire has been teetering on over the years that I never could exactly swallow, but if he wants to believe it that's his biz. But as far as telling 'em that there are certain neighborhoods to be wary of (some for blacks as well as for whites) or that being at a place where there is a sudden swelling of black kids could become threatening especially in these racially stressful times seems more common sense than the outright racism that some pasty if African-American commentators on CNN felt it to be when the subject came up for discussion last Sunday. Sure, some black neighborhoods are more'n fine and there are times when being in a concentration of blacks ain't gonna harm no-one no-how, but the recent outbreak of "hate whitey" flashmobs and unaware tourists who happen to make the wrong turn into a "bad area" and get murdered are definitely a couple of things that whites and other people just have to contend with here in Modern Day Ameriga.
6. Unforgiveness comes from opportunities lost.
Obviously inanimate objects are normally associated with non-living objects, teddy bears for example, plant pots… I like to defy originality and so believe trees and plants are inanimate… when the wind isn’t blowing and they are stood still… but they’re still living organisms… My head is now completely in the shed with this…
Not what Americans might expect to find safeguarding nuclear material that is more highly radioactive than what resides in the reactor core.
Click on the button below to see what other Thrifty Treasures were found by other thrifters this week.
Here are my plans for last year's regular posts:
The problem is I love the dark and twisty lyrics. I think they're genius. And when I listen to those songs loud enough for other people to hear, they think I'm listening to happy ukulele music. While that's partially true, I'm also listening to artistic genius (all artistic genius has to be a little dark and twisty). I think of it as prep work for when I'll be old and dying alone and rotting in the ground, outlived by my only companion - my incontinent dog. That's gangster.
Later in the evening I took my youngest son to see the Yale Glee Club High School Festival. I wasn’t sure how he would like the choral music but after the first piece he was shouting “Bravo!” from his seat (not sure where he learned that). He told me he particularly loved how no one voice was distinguishable, it was the single sound of all the voices coming together that amazed him. For the last number along with the New Haven High School Glee club they sang a rousing rendition of Take Me To The River, it was exhilarating. On the walk back to the car we just kept saying, “that was really fun!”
tying the extention cord around the complainant's neck and taking him inside his vehicle to the man’s employer. The neighbour, according to the charge sheet, had then explained that he’d sent the worker to his farm to fetch an extention cable; that his worker was no copper-cable thief. SAPS Lt-Col Lesego Metsi said 'the suspect was shocked when the complainant’s employer told him that he (the employer) had sent the 22-year-old worker to fetch the extension cord. Mr Griesel then drove away.The victim claimed he sustained bodily injuries. “ http://www.madibengpulse.co.za/?Task=system&CategoryID=30723&HeadingText=CrimeAlert+010710+farmer
Despite the rain stopped on Sunday, congestion has continued in many parts of the city battered roads proved threat to motorists in low-lying areas in North Chennai. For example, even the hospital Kilpauk College DICAL I did not escaped. The hospital became a flooded field of race-tion for mosquitoes.
“’Gnostic’ imagery from the beginning of our Era to Today” This presentation will endeavor to provide suggestions for the possible identification of “Gnostic” material culture, while taking on the question of why there are very few legitimately recognized artifacts from an early Christian period religious movement termed “Gnosticism” by later scholars. This study works to aid scholars in the iconographic identification of ancient Gnosticism, so that we may trace and evaluate symbolic meaning as the movement has continued up to the present day, and its effects on modern trends of thought and belief. The ancient and modern definitions of “Gnosis,” “Gnostic,” and “Gnosticism” are discussed, along with images illustrating possible Gnostic iconography.
I stumbled on this quote this morning:
(The concluding chapter of this multipart essay will appear next month.)
Africa is becoming an increasingly attractive hub for foreign investors in light of various economic, political and social reforms that are sweeping through the continent, resulting in a much improved business environment conducive for foreign direct investment. Apart from that, there is widespread development of critical social and physical infrastructure, and there is an increasing pool of well-educated, English-speaking, enterprising workers in most countries across the continent.”
Then this last 100mm of pipe must be entirely within a specific area on the car. This has been highlighted on the accompanying drawings. The box seen in side elevation has to 500mm from the rear axle line and 250mm above the reference plane. This area is however very generous with a length of 700mm and height of 350mm. Thus the top of the exhaust could be as high as 600m above the reference plane, around the same height as the top of the rear tyres.
Remember: to make that 100-page goal, you have to write three and a half (3.5) pages per day. The actual number is 3.3 pages, so if you do 3.5, you’ll finish a little bit ahead of schedule!
I will be working on my new Good Witch image next and have some other happy little witches flying around in my sketchbook too, if I can catch them!:)
Normal service has resumed.
Where were you this time last year?
Remember it matters
National Grammar Day 2012 may be but a happy memory, but that doesn’t mean that we can’t take some of the magic with us. Here are just a few ways.
Natalie saw the first spell in the supermarket car park. It was floating in a puddle near the recycling bins, glimmering bronze and green in the October drizzle. At first she thought it was a leaf, but as she drew closer it began to look more like a crumpled sweet wrapper – a very interesting sweet wrapper. Pick me up, it seemed to say. Surely I’m worth a closer look?
Justice Cuevas: Yes, your honor.
To me putting the last chords to a song, or writing the last few words is so exhilarating and fulfilling, it just never gets old.
He just kept smiling. I hope he liked it.
Information peddling was a "growing cancer" and laws did not exist to fight it, he said.
He was really touched by the gift & prayer.He has had some questions about Heaven ,talking about things when I would run him up some hot soup or a dinner.I feel now that we settled some things in his mind.He seemed much more peaceful when we left & I believe he slept better because when I took the dogs out at 8pm,I looked up at his house & he had gone to bed.Lately he has had trouble sleeping,& I would worry some when I saw his lights on late.
Looking for something to do between 8 am & noon this Sunday?? Come cheer me and 4,999 other runners running the 41st Annual BMO Vancouver Marathon! I’ve attached a map below, along with a timing chart of where I will *hopefully* be at what time.
“The Western press promptly forgot all about South Africa after Nelson Mandela assumed the presidency. The commissars of allowable opinion pretend atrocities have not been taking place, and smear anyone who mentions them. Ilana Mercer will have none of the lies and omissions of the commissars and the cowards. For the sake of white and black South Africans alike, her compelling account deserves a wide and sympathetic audience.”
Ta-ta for now, my little fibsters x
I went in wanting to love it, but just couldn’t. After watching Flushed Away last weekend, I was really expecting some humor. It’s cute, but not really funny. After so many Ardman Animations winners, I think this will go down as their first dud. Sad, because the claymation and effects are really good.
Friends, we are forced to enter this unequal war against the State government, their pampered profiteers, against the false propaganda by the police and some media, only for our survival’s sake. For the sake of a roof over our head. But however unequal this war is, however much they try to beat us, we have been winning. That is why they have come back to beat us again. They are making failed attempts to get some of the government favoured fake intellectuals riled against us. Any kind of resistance is being labeled as “Maoist” to gather legal sanctity to repress it.
Where suspicion and status-obsession reign, the simplest tasks become a labyrinth:
Effect of Trasina, an Ayurvedic herbal formulation, on pancreatic islet superoxide dismutase activity in hyperglycaemic rats.
To their credit, Comrades have one last throw of the dice, but much of their energy is put into cod psychology, specifically in their insistence that Kristian Hewitt doesn't want the ball ' back there,' despite various dips of shoulders and side stepping that seem to clearly demonstrate to the contrary in his new position of last line of our defence. There's still time for more goalscoring chances. Chris Pye, who proved a constant threat, is unfortunate to see his lob return into play from the underside of the crossbar. Once again, we hadn't played particularly well. Hard work and a moment of inspiration had got us over the line.
Some time back, the famous French skier Sylvain Saudan, had started Heli-skiing in the Himalayas for European skiers. He would take the skiers by helicopter on top of Gulmarg mountain and other peaks in the area from where they would ski down the immense Himalayan slopes. This programme has been discontinued for the time being.
04 Boris
“Billy Ray, ya ever eat any sardines?” Hank had been thinking about the first time he remembered seeing Billy Ray.
Alfred Newman The Hurricane
When someone tries to defend the homosexual lifestyle, for example, I simply remind them that Leviticus 18:22 clearly states it to be an abomination. End of debate. I do need some advice from you, however, regarding some of the other specific laws and how to follow them:
Personally I see this as yet another example of how the ANC is dumbing down the South African population and faking pass-rates.
My Professional Life: I love that 1) I get to do amazing things for people every day, 2) I love the research I get to do, 3) I have an amazing opportunity to move forward in my career path and I took the courage and applied for it!
I know thats a big statement. one that brings with it a lot of questions.
It was super cold & snowy when I woke up on Saturday, so I decided to bake. I ended up making the browned butter cupcakes with chocolate buttercream frosting again. I quickly realized that it was in no one's best interest to leave me alone in the house all day with 24 cupcakes, so I took my show on the road. My first stop was Jessica's house because she's pregnant & I knew I could unload a lot of cupcakes. We ran to Old Made Good, which I've been wanting to check out FOREVER. I loved that place! Both owners were in there & they were so nice. Jessica got an awesome necklace & I got these cute arrow earrings. J'adore!
* Check my quit smoking meter. I will make 8 weeks on Monday, 2 months on the 3rd of October. You may send gifts. ::cough::
The bottom is a Terra cotta pot turned upside down.
A recent South African news report, by news24.com reveals that South African mercenaries were contracted by Nato to perform certain tasks in Libya. If you follow-up on all the various news reports it becomes apparent that these “certain tasks” basically amounted to providing Gaddafi and his family with protection from the rebels. But – this is where I’ve noticed that people get terribly confused… Why on earth would the Western powers lift a finger to protect a man they don’t want to keep in power anymore?
I would say apart from Taeyeon, Yoona’s popularity is huge. She’s usually put in the center of the group and has the most screen time. Many people don’t get why she gets this special treatment, don’t understand why she’s so popular. Of course she’s super cute (her face, her voice) and her image is like a fragile princess, but is there anything else that could make her so different with other members? I don’t know. I remain neutral. I don’t hate her more nor like her more if it’s based purely on her popularity.
14. Revenge- prod by Adikt 1
I did not think that K's birthday would go by without me seeing her and giving her a present. She turned 29 this past October. Her daughter's birthday is two days after mine. And now here it is, Christmas Eve, and my heart just breaks. Not because I can't be with them, but because it makes me sad to think that I won't know how those kids are, what will happen to them. They're beautiful, good kids, trust me. Those of you who met them know this.
What if Brooklyn had its own daily newspaper? What if Brooklyn Papers paid good enough wages that the reporters who started covering Atlantic Yards since its inception had stuck around?
I feel like a slacker, but life has gotten mildly crazy in the past two weeks. I am not complaining, as I like the hustle and bustle, but at the same time, I am simply craving some down time. Since I last wrote, Sam and I have been on a venture to buy a used truck. We have spent every hour from 4 pm until 9 pm for the last 5 days after work test-driving and weighing our options. Of course, in Iowa, the car dealerships are not right around the corner, so I have been annoyed by the drive time to both Iowa City and the Quad Cities on a daily basis to find "the one". I am proud to say, when we make big life decisions like buying a vehicle or any other big expenditure, we are extremely savvy. We like to do our research and feel good about how we are spending our money and that it is a good investment. However, there has to be some happy medium between being impulsive and being well-versed right? I have been living, eating, and breathing vehicles all week, and I am ready to puke a 4x4. We are both so indecisive and a decision must be made. We are looking at both a 2007 Titan LE and a 2007 Tundra Crew Cab. Enough power to haul our boat and our "someday" camper, as well as fit our "someday" kids. Boy Scout Motto: Always Be Prepared. Sometimes I think we are a little too prepared.... I will update you when we come to our conclusion! What team are you on? Team Titan or Team Tundra?? Please comment and chime in to help us make our decision! (See below for more details.)
It was one of the hottest days this year. The summer has arrived. Can you tell it was hot by how the frosting melted and got a bit slouchy? It was still good of course! My daughter savored every bit of the chocolate frosting.
Them Eastern Europeans hadn't even stopped dancing. The other patrons couldn't hear me over the music, and though they must have seen me in the reflections of those big, brown eyes, they were in love, and they had money, and that was all. So I went outside.
On to the bizarre.
That evening, meditating under the bodhi tree, with a little rabbit hopping around keeping me company, I opened my eyes to a light breeze and stars, and saw an amazing sight, a leaf from the bodhi tree was dancing above the ground perhaps a meter away from where I sat, after a while my mind re-engaged and I realised that this was perhaps a little strange, upon closer examination I observed that the leaf was suspended above the ground, only inches away from it, by a single fine silk thread. It has disengaged from the tree itself, but by virtue of a spider had not fallen completely to the ground. It was literally, hanging on by a thread!
You see, the possibilities are endless and PrintRunner is ready to assist
The authorities in The Hunger Games are also comic figures, but chilling ones. With their gaudy, garish costumes and exaggerated speaking styles, they are like a cross between Batman villains and Lady Gaga, but grotesquely inhuman.
For those who may not have seen Galaxy Quest, the story is based around these burned out actors who are super popular for acting on a Star Trek-like show fifteen years earlier. What they don't know is that these aliens have been watching their old show from outer space and think they are "historical documents," so when they run into trouble, they go to these actors for help fighting their space battle. Anyway, the aliens recreate the ship from the show, down to the last detail.
1 or 2 good pinches dried crushed chilis
6pm-12am
“Subtle?” she fills in. “No kidding. And what was with that smile?”
to cling to,
The week before The Super Bowl:
Grinderman - 2011-05-26 - Primavera Sound, Parc Del Forum, Barcelona, Spain (FM)
Best bit: The Doctor jumping out of the cake and the fight between Rory and Fracesco.
she too damn ugly anyway.
Elizabeth: I use history as my frame for building the character and the story. Of course, a lot of imagination is at work filling in dialogues and situations that might have occurred as I go from point A to B to Z in the character’s life.
When I fall down
I've thought multiple times, "Well these people just had bad luck. We'll send ours in and it'll be different." But literally, I cannot find one person who wrote a review on the internet who said they got their "free" vacation. Or even they actually got on the vacation but it was a bad hotel, bad part of town, far away from the beach, etc. Everyone sends in their money and then spends hours and hours on end calling their center, being transfered from person to person, not going on the vacation and not getting their money back. As sad as it makes me, I think I'll save myself the time and the money and not try to go on our "free" vacation. This is one instance where I'll take everyone elses word for it.
I pointed out that my mother was 87, and if her house froze, and pipes burst, how would they feel? Ring your depot!
In creating my vampire world I have added a lot of real stuff which happened in my past and added it into my writings so yes my life has been real crazy in the past to fit into a self help vampire guide!
In a televised news conference, the spokesman waved a warrant for Mr. Hashimi’s arrest in front of the cameras and played videotaped confessions of Mr. Hashimi’s body guards saying he was behind orders they received to kill government officials. The accusations were a tipping point in a widening rift between Mr. Maliki’s Shiite-led government and leaders of the country’s Sunni minority.
Local employment grew by 36,600 in 2011 ‘with slower resident population growth and most economically active residents already employed’, added MOM.
Most of us try to be trustworthy ourselves and we look for it in others. When other people fail to be worthy of our trust, we chide ourselves for trusting and determine never to trust anyone ever again.
They sit, forlorn.
But if I had my say on who to Marry, Make-out, and Muzzle...
"That is not governance, but the lack of it. I taught you that it precedes all governance. Now list the seven sorts."
The name does make some kind of sense if you combine it with the word ‘Vitae’ (or Vita). Orbis Vitae translates from Latin as ‘circle of life’ and hints at some serious synergy between the PS4 and the PS Vita.
GARETH GATES
The voice cast of the 2012 remake includes a number of actors who have worked previously with Tim Burton, like Catherine O'Hara, Winona Ryder, Martin Landau, Martin Short, and Conchata Ferrell. Plus, Christopher Lee, another Burton regular, will apparently be making an uncredited cameo as Dracula in a movie scene playing on television.
I can’t see anything that could possibly go wrong with that.
Blessings Meg
Leavin’ Telephone, TX, just as fast as I can
Shankar slowly opened his eyes.
Not surprisingly, the poll on minimum alcohol pricing resulted in a large majority against, with 80% of respondents opposing the plan. I wonder whether the 11 who voted “Yes” fell into the category of CAMRA members who believe hiking the price of multipacks of Stella in Tesco will somehow bring drinkers flooding back into pubs.
Heading for home after a long day two (no nap break--I was just as tired as Kyla). It got a little chilly on our walk home so Nate bundled her up with his jacket.
I can’t get frustrated with those who don’t do the things that come naturally to me. In the same way I have to beg mercy of those who can’t understand why I struggle with the virtues I don’t possess or the things I don’t like to do. When faced with the things that we can’t do wholeheartedly, how many of us have the discipline and heart to at least give it a shot?
because they have a good reward for their labor.
Zephaniah 3:9
The frame is not wood but plastic so its not super high quality but I LOVE that the matte comes with the frame because those can really add to the cost of framing if you need to buy one per frame. There is something about a matte that really makes kids artwork go from messy to masterpiece!
Here's a picture of me in Paris around six months ago. It was that week that Jordan encouraged me to start a blog of my own. I'm so glad we had that conversation! Since then, blogging has opened up so many opportunities and friendships for me. Three cheers for whoever invented blogging. And four cheers for my internship at a publishing company!
The three books set all or partly on Hayling Island form what Miriam Halahmy calls a "cycle" - definitely not a trilogy.
The one thing that kills me every time, is realizing that dumb broad who made the conscious decision to get in the stall next to yours (while no one else is in there) is trying to take a dump too– and is waiting YOU out.
This is the album’s longest track. Indeed, it is long and droning and full of minor
Also in that Budget there is an anticipated capital expenditure for the State Enterprises of $6.725Bn, as per the Foreword at page 4 of the Supplementary Public Sector Investment Program (Supplementary PSIP). The combined figure of $13.775Bn is only for projects, so it excludes the salaries, rents and normal running expenses. Please note that other elements in public expenditure, beyond just capital projects, will be covered by these proposals. The guiding principle being that those activities involve the expenditure of Public Money.
Commodification of care
Concept of Citizenship
I’m also sure some of you have run your tongue over your teeth while reading this.
11. Swamp
Called us to dinner, indulged ourselves, lemon moraine pie and fried chicken and chicken fried steak, sorrow and heartburn was much the same thing, while beans and franks was more like it; showed we was common folk when we chose beans and franks over chicken and chicken fried steak.
Brown also served for Great Expectations, the Muscular Dystrophy Association, Habitat for Humanity and was past chair of The United Way.
Sagreswas rather magical and a great place for a ‘day off’. The castle takes up all of the cliff top at the end of the village, giving panoramic views of the coastline. It became a naval academy under Henry ‘ the navigator’, turning out enough sailors that could find their way around the sea – hence ‘navigator’, to turn Portugal into quite a world power.
A gun going off and a youth killed, a murderer does not make. We must stand upon facts.
10 - Candy's Room
This former assemblyman from California and a self proclaimed "family values" Republican was caught on a live mike during a session of the assembly talking to a lobbyist about his hot affairs with not one, but two sexxxy lobbyists.
A nice twist on the classic bellini – raspberry puree flavoured with rosehip topped with prosecco
Marius created a permanent army--again, divided into legions--and had the brilliant idea of paying them for their services. Soldiers were expected to serve for a minimum of six years (less in case of such things as dismemberment, permanent injury or death). Marius also saw fit to praise the soldiers, rewarding them for acts of bravery on the battlefield. In short, this led to bands of soldiers who became faithful to one man as opposed to Rome itself (though the man would often claim to be doing things for the benefit of Rome, to make his actions seem legit).
b. A meme of a cat with bacon taped to it
Hi Readers — This story was just sent to me and I am stunned and going out of my mind. A 34-year-old Nevada woman who was convicted of making a 13-year-old boy touch her breasts — I agree, gross and totally wrong — was sentenced to MANDATORY LIFE IN PRISON.
Wait, what’s that, MyHeritage?
We don't know exactly how difficult different aspects of Hope's adoption will be. We anticipate some challenges with language, her vision, and teaching her how to be a part of a loving family, but having never experienced any of those challenges, we don't really know what they'll be like.
the thespians of a comedy
1 medium-sized onion, halved and sliced
While not as fascinating and nowhere near as deep, Ripper provides a great and boisterous show as an obnoxious pirate, one of the few times where he got to do something other than a bit-part. This character is so much a love-to-hate figure that I wish even more strongly now that Ripper had received a greater selection of larger, meatier roles during his career; he was a great character actor who probably never got to show everything he was capable of.
Stir together one 8 oz. package cream cheese, softened; 1/4 cup sour cream; 1 Tbsp. fresh dill; 1 Tbsp. chopped fresh chives; 1 Tbsp. fresh lemon juice; 1/4 tsp salt. Cut 2 English cucumbers into 30 (3/4 inch thick) rounds. Scoop seeds from centers of cucumber rounds using a melon baller or small spoon and leaving a 1/4 inch thick shell. Fill cucumber cups with cream cheese mixture. Top each with 1 peeled Perfect Poached Shrimp. Garnish with fresh dill sprigs. Makes 30 appetizer servings.
Once I am done
To give so much time to improving yourself that you have no time to criticize others.
- is kate middleton jew
Templeton Rye, 40% alcohol ($35).
is one of anonymous seeing.
The best thing about Friday nights is that nearly everyone is unwinding in his or her own way from a long week at work, so it's unlikely that you'll have any specific responsibilities. There are no doctor's appointments to rush to, no banking that can be done, no commitments to keep. For a few precious hours, nothing lies behind you but another completed work week, and nothing stands in front of you until the rush of Saturday morning. For a few glorious hours you can do whatever you want.
So we decided to make the first Terrific Tuesday Challenge something inspired by "Cartoon Characters". The obvious choice for me was Hello Kitty or Disney but I forced myself to use my Elmo Cartridge to create this fish bowl with Dorthy swimming around. I used one of our very FIRST sets, Amusing Animals! to stamp the sentiment. Please join us in our challenge to create something cartoon inspired and you will be entered to win a set of Scrappy Mom's Stamps!
I'll be honest: part of me was totally jonesing to cut those bottles up and turn them into candle hurricanes for my Etsy store. But we have to reuse them when we do this again, so I will refrain...
Friendships are so important to the human heart and spirit. Many of us have friendships with people, but how many of us have friendships that we can count on every single day. Genuine? Honest? Loyal? We may consider our spouses, significant others, siblings, or even a parent as our closest friend, but what about someone outside of that realm?
John Storey Culture and Power in Cultural Studies, The Politics of Signification (Edinburgh University Press)
wow. we are having quite a day .
Got some more onion plants in
Me: The Superbowl is this weekend?
Yeah . . . I’m pretty sure that’s it!
Writer letters home on argyle stationery in teal ink
As for the aspect of religion, that came naturally to the setting (the village was created by nuns who’d been nursing infected soldiers fighting the zombies in the Forest after the Return). First of all, I thought it would be natural that a village like that would spring up around a defining aspect such as religious conviction but second of all I wanted to show the strain between a governing body that withheld information and knowledge as a means of control and through that control protect the people and how in the end that takes away people’s right to make their own informed decisions about their lives (more on that in the next question).
Akov: *nods*
So, some rethinking about tomorrow:
I’ve edited these words out of most of the Current Intelligence items and articles that I’ve edited since 2005. I’ve pulled them out of paragraphs and rooted them out of footnotes. And I’ve only just begun … If – as you say -- you’re moving to a new but related point, I’ve a great suggestion. How about “On a new but related point, .. ”".You have been warned!
Let me introduce myself. Je m'appelles Lily Catherine, people describe me as a life lover, since I'm always extremely aware of how lovely life can be!
“Call what in?” he asked still angry but now also confused. Substantial height hid the window behind him and it’s words from the officer’s view, but he referenced it nonetheless. “Someone else saw the crap those bastards wrote? Good. Just look at my daughter! I wanna fi-“
Bush's mystic ecstasy ("I just know that something good is going to
in a stitched and stuffed budgie cage
A few things about it. (1) This is, as far as I’m aware, the shedding of the blindfold or veils that have kept us from experiencing our native dimensionality. (2) This is not physical Ascension but it sure may be spiritual Ascension. I think it’s designed to assist us with our lightwork and shift our experience therein from effort and struggle to effortlessness and sharing. (3) You must ask for it and the extent you receive it depends on the extent you open to it. (4) You may need to rest in the face of it. (5) It will affect different lightworkers differently in the beginning. For instance, some may feel a wee bit more clearing of flotsam and jetsam before feeling the bliss and euphoria. But all who’ve asked – if my understanding is correct – will get to the euphoric stage. (6) According to AAM, it is unstoppable. (7) It is a gift from the Divine Mother, also known as the Holy Spirit and Shakti.
Urban Decay 27/7 Shadow Pencil Stash
A slow ambulance with lights but no siren joined from the opposite side of the drive, its headlights strong enough to make something recognizable.
I have three sisters.
And she manages,
She then went on to lament how few and far between those days are for her and I could tell by her words that really was her great sadness. And then I was struck by something profound: her happiness is the description of my every day. I am SO blessed to spend my time cooking and sharing meals with my family, snuggling up in the family room, and just laughing and playing and being silly. I don't have anywhere else to be. My job is to love my family. Are you kidding me? I am so lucky and this is the time I have right now and I appreciate so fully.
Anger allows us to remember how to stand up for ourselves. Saying that, I do have to make the point that when I talk about anger, I'm talking about internal anger. I'm not advising that you take your anger out on anyone else. What I am talking about is that moment when you pause, and think, "you know what, screw them. I am amazing! I deserve better than this!" That is the moment that you take back your power, and really start to move forward.
Bass - Eno*
This will be my last post about Paula Deen. She’s firmly committed to defending her brand and sweeping that ratings-lowering diabetes stuff under the rug–or at least relegating it to a bland website. I’m upset Novo Nordisk uses her as a spokesperson. Ms. Deen is modeling a lifestyle that far too many people already follow–take the prescribed pills and don’t worry about changing your lifestyle. But maybe that works out well for Novo Nordisk too. There’s a bright future for Victoza sales.
It takes time to develop assertive behavior. Let us start it today.
Passata
Most disturbing, however, are the environmental fanatics. These folks seem to think “nature” is some frail and delicate thing that can only be “conserved” by eliminating humans from the picture. The sort that are opposed to any kind of civilized human activity; some of them the type of animal-rights activists that believe only non-human species have a right to the planet.
I really was not sure what all is included on a recipe binder page, but here is what I came up with:
Do I still think it sucks that she's not getting April's dose? Absolutely. Is it something to get super stressed over? Probably not. I've been talking with John, and we're formulating plans to put in place to help protect her until the season really winds down. We'll just have to be a little more proactive, a little more careful. It won't last forever. And if anything, it'll be good practice for next year since she more than likely won't qualify for the injections because of her age.
Even outside of Paul’s epistles, we see the imagery of first fruits such as in James 1:18 and Revelation 14:4.
As I have mentioned before, I got my love of photography from my dad. Although my parents were not well off back in the forties and fifties, my dad did own a camera. It was one that opened up with bellows. He took photos of our Migration to Australia and of our Settling in Australia, which I have shown in past posts.
The trail is actually on top of an old (and I’m talking many years) landfill site (I know, GROSS) that was covered over and “beautified”, if you can visualize that. It’s really not a bad place at all, just ignore the occasional odor wafting by (which might be from the muddy riverbanks) lol. In all seriousness though, the trail was quiet, despite the music in my ears, with the occasional sound of a few birds, distant cars and the water rushing through the open causeway gates (yes, I stopped to listen, during the couple times I actually paused my workout and stopped to take a few pics). The air was fresh, cool, devoid of the exhaust from distant traffic. I even watched a plane overhead, ascending into the twilit sky, oblivious to everything below it. I wondered, briefly, where they might be going, then picked up the pace and continued on to my destination, again stopping for a minute or two to take a pic of the bridge that spans a stream of water leading to the Petitcodiac River (more affectionately known by locals as “The Chocolate River”). After the trail bridge, it was back under the road bridge to get to the parking lot and ball fields. Some kids had graffiti-ed the underside of this road bridge, but it added color to its belly, making for a decent picture. I don’t mind tasteful graffiti.
The recently introduce Localism Bill and the new National Planning Policy Framework Guidelines (NPPF) are quite clear and explicit on the need to involve local communities in planning issues that concern them. Bear in mind that both these new pieces of legislation were introduced by the Conservative-led Coalition Government of which our MP Tim Loughton is a Minister.
Just wondering, is Clay going to school this year? or does he have another year of pre-school, if he is going to school who is going to entertain Brooklyn?
Nahhhhh, Tara Reid can't spell "homicide", much less commit it.
Hmmmmm, what kind of answer is that? So, slightly mystified, I trundle off to the beach and, sure enough, there is my answer. It is large, brown, very hairy and softly snoring right behind the plane on which my luggage is ensconced. Well, I have to admit that that is the best excuse that I have ever heard for delayed luggage.
And to motivate those who would give, we have a whole slew of prizes to giveaway.
Seems unfair; a cultural injustice. If only there were more witnesses.
The body is strongly carbonated, especially for a stout, a big departure from the likes of Guinness or Murphy’s. There are lots of tiny, hard bubbles running though the entire swallow, making the beer feel a little bumpy. The flavor is also quite harsh, the open is that of very heavily roasted malt, a lot like what you would get with a really burnt toast. This flavor is also quite bitter, it dries the mouth out completely, slowly mellowing out in the aftertaste. It really didn’t invite me in for another taste. Starting from about cellar temperature I left the beer to warm a little, which does kill off some of the harshness, probably by letting some of the bubbles escape.
These men were prosecuted and sentenced under George W. Bush. Brewer was executed under the auspices of Rick Perry. Republicans, especially Texas Republicans, take heinous crimes very seriously. Whatever problems Texas might have, being too soft on murderers is not among them, and the hate crime legislation the NAACP used to attack Bush would have had no impact on this case. In fact, I’d imagine that many NAACP activists and most liberals who supported their actions are anti-death penalty, and as such believe that the hate crime committed against James Byrd Jr. was punished too harshly.
And lastly, I am excited to have a photograph published in the July/August issue of “The Iowan Magazine.” This image “Swept into the center” is the opening spread of the portfolio section titled “red.white.blue.”
Over 8-weeks, you’ll create and refine your “presentation package,” artist statement, bio, resume, portfolio, and more, with the full editorial and technical support of GYST staff.
What is Steampunk to you? Your favourite or something entirely new? Go on...give it a go...! Remember there's a great $50 voucher and specially selected Top Three Tiara out there.
Combine the egg whites and sugar in a mixing bowl and place the bowl over a pan of simmering water and whisk constantly for about 3 minutes or until the sugar is dissolved. Be careful not to cook the egg whites!
The first was a three or four page memoir one of my classmates wrote for our nonfiction writing class. I had many problems with it–problems that, had they stood alone or happened less frequently, would have been bearable–and the accumulation of these problems made it an actual pain to read.
Me, I'm going to stay in New York for a few days of fun. I have a gorgeous room at an elegant new Fifth Avenue hotel called The Setai and I'm nowhere near ready to leave.
Whitley RJ. Herpes simplex virus infections. Remington JS, Klein OJ (Eds.). Infectious disease of the fetus and newborn infants. 3rd Ed. Philadelphia, PA: The W.B. Saunders Co. Jaartal
44. Jim Murple Memorial - Mr. Big Stuff (3:00)
My wife has explained to me that when I listen to a song I hear the melody and not the words. She has the opposite problem. Sometimes we merge our skills, sing a song together and embarrass the kids. But, nevertheless, I do believe she has a point. I just don’t hear the language. Add in the Provencal accent and this particular Englishman is dead in the water.
At Hollow Brook Golf Course, Par 35 (shortened round due to rain)
½ cup (2 oz/60 gm) almonds
I am entering this card in the following challenges including the PollyCraft one I mentioned in my post...........
I have no clue what to make for supper tonight. What goes with hot whiskey? I am making lasagna for Christmas Eve. It's a tradition, though perhaps unintentional by my parents. They for some reason seemed to make something Italian for Christmas Eve dinner. Not because we're Italian in anyway. Maybe because it was easy to make? My kids like it, too, and I hardly throw together a lasagna on any other night, so I might as well make the most of it. As you know, finding anything that BOTH my children like at the same time, is a potshot in the dark.
One quilt that's progressing nicely, and
When the days become lonely
4. Bathroom Breaks. Sure, sure they have to be potty-trained but are the clothes you are sending them to school potty-ready?
A PROMINENT Swartkops businessman was allegedly assaulted by two policemen dressed in civilian clothes last night....
But I remember one of our philosophers talked about identity and how identifying as something stole your choice. For example, you think of yourself as a woman and you identify as that, and by doing so you embody particular characteristics of that. By choosing the identity, you are essentially negating options you have for different things in your life. It’s kind of like, by choosing x identity, you have a default choice when it comes to different things, and you are avoiding your true self/existential crisis by not making that choice.
"Knowledge is power. Don’t waist it."
The vampires in Shiver are particularly interesting. When we first meet them they are sympathetic, and even kind of goofy. The scene where the young couple first sits down to dinner with Isle’s cousins is hilarious; the two men giving this long-winded lecture on their studies, constantly posturing, interrupting each other, and ending each other’s sentences. The two actors play off each other beautifully. However, as the two vampires come to accept and even embrace their new nature, they become less sympathetic and more monstrous. When we reach the point just before the climax when all masks are dropped and they are lecturing Antoine on how he should be feeling pity for them instead of anger, I rather find them downright repulsive.
“We found that loads that were quite heavy and comparatively light were equally effective at inducing muscle growth and promoting strength,” says Cam Mitchell, one of the lead authors of the study and a PhD candidate in the Department of Kinesiology.
These days, lots of people call him Bong too.
“Yeah these guys are characters,” Steve chuckles in reply. Disappointingly, he continues, “I like them though. They’re hard workers. And you realize they work for less than minimum wage. The company keeps them because they’re off the books anyway and can pay them much less because they don’t know any better. It’s a little sad, don Miguel sends all his money back to his family anyway. They live in squalor and work like dogs, it’s tough.”
an unappeasable transformation
ICE CREAM CARD
What's really going on inside
The only untruth portrayed in the movie is Interpol’s involvement. All the conflicts depicted are real and took place at various stages in countries such as Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
Unwittingly I’d chose an interval session, one which always shocks me when Jeff announces that we’ll do a set of race pace intervals with a minutes rest in between. Oh fine. Why not! It’s howling a gale, but yes I’ll give it a shot!
Mainly, because opposing them had to be done and it nearly killed me, but a tiny, tiny part of me may have believed them. Believed that if I just tried harder, worked more, ignored my symptoms, stopped being such a wimp, addressed my "illness behaviour" I really could work again.
Full Sail Brewing Company / Tasting Room and Pub Sun Of Spot (Brewmaster Reserve 2007)
location, My house byron bay
This is the only ultrasound I will be having, Lord willing. As much as the curious, technology loving part of me would love to go for an elective 3D/4D sono (Have you seen those things? They are creepy/cool.), the conservative, natural side of me won't allow it. Much as I'd love to see her pretty face again I don't care to subject her to another ultrasound.
Anyway, I’ve been hard at work on finishing out Book 2 in the Midnight Guardian Series. The title will be Whispering Evil. Looks like release will be in mid to late June.
When being sent to the head's office was nothing compared
I open the blinds and squint through the window of our Globetrotter. Half asleep I say: “Caves!” Logan is confused: “What?” So I repeat it: “We gotta go to the caves today, it’s raining!” “Ah!” he replies and turns around for another 5 seconds. Then he jumps up and says: “Ok let’s get going then.”
Here's my written piece and image. I hope you enjoy it. I found it rather freeing to write in such a different style/topic for this publication.
Barnett, Emma. 2010. “Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg says privacy is no longer a ‘social norm’” The Telegraph, January11. Accessed April 29, 2012. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/facebook/6966628/Facebooks-Mark-Zuckerberg-says-privacy-is-no-longer-a-social-norm.html
And our Fourth and Fifth Amendment rights still mean something.
1 upward
Quite a few years go I bought this bird bath.
I write a lot about love, about my husband and of course, the army. As I was talking to my best friend, I told her how I felt like I was a one trick pony when it came to writing; It all centers around my husband and being in love and just missing this one person. Compared to all the other people my age writing about what they cooked last night for their new husbands or life in a sorority, i feel like my overly serious posts are not what a newly married 22 year old should be writing about. My best friend is a smart girl. She told me that it doesn't matter if they just cooked an awesome cake or the party that happened over the weekend, that was their journey not mine. So this is my journey and each post is a little part of it a long the way.
Marketing Fanatic!
As such I calmly asked to speak to the supervisor.....
But he wasn’t. The Woman is sexy, yes; persuasive, and all too eager to see the Wife at the bottom of the lake. “Couldn’t she get drowned?” she asks, the words on the title card pooling and sliding downward like they’re sucked into a drain. Like they’re being drowned. But who’s seeing it that way? The Woman or the Man? It’s the Man—the same Man who was so obsessed with the Woman that we once saw grasping, spectral versions of her crowd around his haunt-eyed head. That too was his projection. When the real Woman suggests murder, he nearly strangles her. She clings to him, pathetic, trying to kiss his face. He has the power. And when the Man is towering over his wife in a little rowboat, looking like Frankenstein as it dawns on poor Janet Gaynor that she’s about to get drowned, he has the power then, too. There’s no Women from the City around. Just him.
There is little that one can editorialize against in this marvel of Mexican cuisine. Oh, sure, the food police will tell you that it’s got too much fat or sodium or cholesterol or insect parts-per-million. What they neglect to note, however, is that by ordering it “fresco-style” — with salsa serving as an able replacement for the cheddar, pepper jack and mozzarella cheese sauce — you can cut the fat content by 25%. Also, it has 12 grams of dietary fiber, which sounds like a lot of grams.
2 Grazing in the Grass
They must go away and listen to their souls.
shoes — Dansko (Dansko outlet)
1 tsp pure vanilla extract
consternation in the room, shouts for and against. Sir Thomas Reade was keen
“I got up and as I hopped across the road, they (Metro officers) caught me again, constantly kicking me and they said to me, go back to your country.
san francisco waterfront,
Believe it or not we were NOT drinking - our minds just really work that way. (Sigh) I love my friends!
“It’s not super sexy,” says Gord MacPherson, “but the minnows are back.” Decades ago, the emerald shiner had fallen victim to a lake awash in detergent, fertilizer and sewage. The five-centimetre-long, iridescent fish had been displaced by alewife and smelt — you may have seen the latter washed up on the shore, says MacPherson, manager of habitat restoration for the Toronto and Region Conservation Authority. The shiners’ return signals a new balance in a clearer, cleaner lake. “On a nice summer day, when the lake is really calm, you can see bazillions of them. When I was a kid you couldn’t see them because of the algae.”
I am a servant of God! Many will praise God because of me! Amen!
When you are in a time of great uncertainty, this verse is a great reminder to just be still and remember that the Lord has it all under control.
First up on the musical menu is Lena Horne - you've heard her live from 81 now reach back to the 50's ?? to hear some studio work from a top five MC of her era. For those that don't know, Lena set the standard & raised the flag in her day and beyond. RIP Liz Taylor.
(Is that a word?-lol)
The weekend is almost here and I am very ready. My poor hubby is working doubles since Wednesday, no rest for him until Saturday. Sometimes I feel like a big jerk because he works two jobs and I don't. But, I spent all six years of my college days working two and three jobs at a time just to survive, not because it was fun. I know if I went back to that now it would not be healthy for me. Plus, I could just forget I even have a husband to go home to. I worked a second job for a bit when we first started dating, two evenings a week and saturdays. I was always exhausted and DH was always worried about me. So,I have to remind myself of these things when I feel like a big jerk sitting at home one the couch while he is still working. DH doesn't HAVE to work that second job, he continues because he likes the people and its a bit extra cash in his pocket every week. Hes even tried to quit a few times, but the owners always get him to come back. One time they even chased him down in the parking lot and begged him to come back.
Third – It’s not all about you. You have to contribute to the conversation. This is why it takes time. You have to offer something of value to the group.
“What is a port? Do you know if hardware and software are the same thing? Do you know they have the internet on computers now?” They had me describe the way I would search out files on the C drive. Sophmoric really, but I guess it's a way to weed out the inexperienced.
"I don't want to live like a fugitive."
I write this here because it feels good for me to do so (and I know that following my "feel good" is the way to aligning with my true self!) I intend that readers who are drawn to read my words will find benefit from it. While I am a person who helps others with tools and tips for living a more positive, joyful life, I am having a challenge being joyful about this break-up. It's not what I want, so I'm determined to use the tools that I know to get myself into a "feel better" place as I go through this. I am intending that I'll get so good at appreciating this contrast of breaking up, that I can love him and myself by "allowing" the break-up: no need, no attachment to outcome, and whether we reconcile won't matter anymore because divine love will be what I feel and appreciate in this situation. In other words, if I see myself, him and our relationship as God or Source sees us, then I've paved the way to seeing us as we truly are: magnificent beings living a life that's supposed to be fun and filled with love: with or without each other as a "couple."
Where was the enemy going? I scanned the chart and it came to me. I saw that they were likely heading for some congested waters near Maui.
Jamal again speaks his accent decidedly distinct. “What do you mean slavers?”
Would you show people filling out their own applications and earning their own way, and hard work being rewarded once in a while? Stop having them only remember to think about college during April/May sweeps week! And enough with the miracle scholarships out of nowhere that no one even applied for! College applications are stressful enough without shoving forced, fake, and inaccurate data on top of it!
Run a ways
Often on Saturdays, we visit the local bakery in Scotch Plains: the Suisse Pastry Shop. They have the BEST old-fashioned glazed donuts and really good apple fritters, among countless other tasty delights. These muffins taste a bit like those donuts and they're super easy to make. I'm also hoping they're a bit healthier! Another benefit: they make your house smell almost as good as the pastry shop.
I used to get so angry about things that people had said and done to me and all I could see was the immediate consequences of their actions. I had no idea that the hell I was going through would put me on a better path. I still feel angry about it sometimes (okay, probably more like a lot) but I can now also see the long term consequences of those people’s actions. Some weren’t so great, others made me the happiest I’ve ever been in my life.
Nielsen’s Whiting to Congress: Anytime, anywhere video is still mostly traditional TV viewing at home. broadcastingcable.com/article/483489…
..Or you can if you have a postal vote.
If the accumulation of great wealth is not merely the result of talent and hard work, then it must also be the result of circumstances made possible by society at large. That implies a substantial obligation to others who make such success possible and keep its fruits secure. No billionaire could exist alone on a desert island. No fortune could remain secure without the assent of the population through a nation's property laws and court system. To acknowledge this is to support the necessary public services and infrastructure that allow successful businesses and individuals to prosper by allowing the broader population to share in that prosperity.
So there you have it: Zombie Agency times two. Because where there's one, there are always likely to be more.
And, finally, a "Baby Blessing Ring" for holding all the cards from the shower as a special memento. (This is actually the one I made for Kelly as I forgot to take a photo of Dana's but hers is very similar. I also added the vintage postcards that I mentioned above to this with the cards since there were so few.)
It still scares me, the fact that I can’t protect my daughters from everything. What mother wouldn’t want to protect their child from the dangers of the world? But I have to choose to believe they will both be okay and realize that sometimes when we shelter our children too much, we are really protecting ourselves.
A Murder Case
The invitation is for REST. My favourite picture of rest is from the well-known Psalm 23:
MANOIR / MINI CHATEAU, NORMANDY
Fraser P. Seitel, a communications consultant, author and teacher, writes for Jack O’Dwyer’s PR Newsletter, one of the most respected trade publications. Seitel wrote that, “BP has tried admirably to be candid and transparent in dealing with a terrible situation.”
my Western shore the same,
But how big is a photon?
I used the Tim Holtz cog masks to create the background by using glimmermist. The paper range is from Kaisercraft. I have used Purple Pumpkin vinyl cogs and twine on this layout
So, in my last blog post, I wrote about how excited I was to begin the rehearsal process for Dancing at Lughnasa. Now, with a few more rehearsals under my belt, I’m building on that excitement by grappling with the concept I touched on of being not just a passive narrator, but an active participant in the piece.
So, with memories brought to the surface, I used my photo organizing software (acdsee) to pull up photos from our last visit to Casa Loma. We took our kids there in 2004, so that I could pass the thrill on to them, and they loved it! Going through the photos, though, I noticed a common problem because of the size of the building and the tall towers. Because you are shooting from ground level and looking up, the sides of the building appear to be bending inwards and the whole castle itself seems to be leaning backwards. According to a website I found, this is a common perspective problem called keystoning, and it’s caused by the building and the camera lens being on two different angles. This particular website gave step by step instructions on how to fix the problem, so I decided to give it a try. I have Photoshop CS5, but I only know the basics of photo editing, so this was a challenge for me. Here are the before and after photos of two shots. I know they are far from perfect, but this was just my first, very quick try, and I was amazed at the improvement. They still need work though, and I really wish there hadn’t been any cars in the parking lot. What do you think? Am I on the right track with this technique?
Take a moment and read the article as it reinforces the assumption that reunification is the optimal choice for foster children. Law needs to enforce what every child deserves – the best possible home and environment to prosper. Reunification is a great option if it’s what is best for the child. Otherwise, the system should primarily focus efforts on adoption or foster parents serious about future adoption.
♥ I mixed the flour, baking powder, baking soda & salt together in a separate bowl
December 5, 2011
A great characteristic to have in life is adaptability. In this week’s recipe, we created our own lasagna!
I can’t erase you and each stupid day
I used to draw (or doodle if you prefer) when I was younger and I've recently taken it up again, basically I spend time drawing abstract pieces of artwork with fine line pens.
With my love for beer I was thinking of adding a beer review feature to my blog on a weekly basis or so. Do you know of any good resources for developing a rating system for beer tasting?
I spent hours the last few days reading poll results and commentary and listening to news about the Edmonton-Glenora candidates’ forum yesterday. And I still don’t have the answer. Ray Martin is well-known and respected and has been an MLA, leader of the NDP and leader of the Official Opposition. But he doesn’t actually live in my riding, and I have never respected that in the past. I want someone who lives in my riding to represent my riding. Bruce Miller has also been an MLA, though for fewer years than Martin. The problem is that he lost to Heather Klimchuk last time, so I am not sure whether he can beat her this time. (Having said that, I’d feel awful if he lost to Klimchuk by only a few votes again, and I voted NDP!)
“You did wish to be different? To change who you were? ’Twas an especially strong desire, yes?” The branch crossed its arms and tapped its twiggy foot.
“I shouldn’t feel so angry about this, I’m totally overreacting. It’s not REAL anger because it’s Bipolar. It is bad that I feel so angry. Everyone will hate me if I am angry. So I will try as hard as I possibly can NOT to feel angry”.
Lisa: No.
Simply put, I am disgusted. Why? To twist God’s eternal word is blasphemous. And because each time I think most of mankind’s moral decline couldn’t sink any lower, then something like this is put out, and I realize yes, they actually can.
Of course, the antebellum South was a bit early for a white man with the predilections of Robert De Niro. Hammond calls up every excuse in the Good Book — white wimmens ain't s'posed to like sex, wifey Blanche lacked cherry on their wedding night — to explain away his lack of interest in his blushing bride, to justify the spot his beacon of Southern womanhood holds on the totem pole beneath Mede and Ellen. Compare each couple's consummation: the tenderness he shows Ellen (at least, she's a virgin) versus the way he cruelly rebuffs Blanche — clearly smoke and mirrors to hide the fact that Blanche's severe melanin deficiency has left him limper than a wet newspaper. Poor Blanche — even Daddy Maxwell (of all indignities) shows more excitement at the sight of Mede than he does at meeting his new daughter-in-law. Not even relieving Ellen of the burden of bearing Hammond's mulatto spawn can sew up that quivering gash in her pride. Booted from her perch of privilege and landing in the mud next to slave quarters, a seething Blanche finally demands a little sugar from new neighbor Mede — forcing Hubby to take up arms in defense of affronted white male supremacy and hastening, in one fell swoop, the very end to the Falconhurst empire that her presence was supposed to prevent. Hell hath no fury like a white woman scorned.
My design philosophy: houses should look like the people who live in them. Rooms – whether modern or traditional – should be warm and inviting. Style matters and you should never live without lots of it in every nook and cranny of your home.
at work now in the finality of earth,
I don’t want to gainsay anyone’s choice to take the needed time for rest and restoration. As a layperson, I know what it’s like to work all week and then try to work up the energy for Sunday (I don’t know how you courageous bi-vocational clergy do it). And that’s to say nothing of Holy Week, which is a call for extraordinary commitment (and possibly committal afterwards). My wife and I have done our share of begging off on Sunday mornings, choosing sleep or brunch over church attendance simply because the exhaustion of the week/month/year was too much. Sometimes, one just needs deep rest.
I hesitate to call it a smoothie. It doesn't contain yoghurt or soy milk. That luscious cream makes it just that little bit more sinful. You could totally work it for dessert. Then again... it does involve fruit, lots of it. And it just seems so GOOD for me.
You have given me my perfect Soulmate…
This week I have selected the theme of SPRINGTIME, which may be interpreted in any way you wish! Doesn't that sound like FUN?!?! The most important thing is to have fun and enjoy it!!! We can't wait to see your beautiful creations. You can combine our challenge with any other challenges of your choice AND as long as the main image on your SPRINGTIME creation is a hÄnglar & stÄnglar or Magnolia stamp , you will qualify to be in the draw for the fabulous prize. And remember NO back linking--new projects/cards only, please. Please post your entry on your blog with a DIRECT LINK back to here. Make sure you have linked your project and not just your blog using the Blue Froggy before 7 pm UK Time on Thursday, April 5. Good Luck and ENJOY!!!! Thank you so much for playing along with us!
Me: Oh!!! Dollar.
Scalped #57
"Well you should have got your parents to have sex six years earlier then."
“Ian!” I twiddle my fingers and see shadows waggle in the glow. “Ian come back. Something is happening!”
Which hides the beauty and bright faith of those
The picture above was taken a couple of weeks ago. Almost all of our tulips are now gone, but the iris have started to bloom, so we still have color in our yard.
The ability to manipulate viewers opinion is vital if you are to control telephone voting and indeed get the required result.
The orthopedic specialist says it’s just tendonitis, wraps you in a shoulder splint and tells you to take it easy for a few weeks. The pain becomes so unbearable but you push back those tears, go to work and sit at your desk like a good worker bee for 55 hours a week. You try aimlessly to type with one hand for days and then weeks but the pain doesn’t end, it starts spreading. Next your feet start going numb, both of them. You can barely get out of bed in the morning because your feet start burning to the point that you have to peep out of the sheets to make sure there hasn’t been a house fire in the night. The podiatrist says it’s just plantar fasciitis (an inflammatory foot disease which comes and goes, causing minor pain and swelling) due to all the jogging in the months and years prior. It’ll go away, the doctors says, just give it some time. At this point, you have your shoulder in a splint and you’re limping at the same time. How did you go from jogging and jet skiing to this invalid of a person at 23 years old in just a few weeks?
*Gugulethu made headlines in 1993 when an American exchange student, Amy Biehl, was stabbed and stoned to death. On August 25, 1993, she was driving black friends home to Guguletu township when the car was attacked by a group of youths chanting "one settler, one bullet" -- urging death to all white citizens. The youths stoned the car and struck Ms. Biehl on the head. She fled, bleeding, but the youths cornered her and stabbed and stoned her to death. She was 26 years old.
The day before the party, I filled each balloon with a small prize before inflating it. The smaller the object, the better! This proved to be a harder task than I anticipated. I used some really tiny party favors like plastic rings and necklaces, small animals, stickers, Tootsie Rolls, change, confetti, and a few lottery tickets that the adults enjoyed. One trick I learned was to turn the uninflated balloon inside out on your fingers and then turn it back right side out once the prize is in place. Think of it like you're folding a pair of socks. I also went ahead and splurged on the $1.99 balloon pump. Why didn't I buy one of those things sooner? Much easier on my lungs.
The Saints will then face two straight NFC South opponents, starting when they host Tampa Bay at the Superdome on Nov. 6 (noon CT). They will then travel to the Georgia Dome to face the Atlanta Falcons on Nov. 13. The game, which falls on the tenth week of the NFL season, marks the beginning of the NFL’s flex scheduling format and the contest, as well as four others are subject to be moved to different time slots. The game is slated to be kicked off at noon CT. The Saints will then have their bye in week 11. This will be the latest weekend the club has had off since the NFL’s institution of the bye system in 1990.
I was feeling proud of myself for having semi-green grass and having just pruned some bushes.
Soaking is God living in thee
Venetia Williams (King’s Caple, Herefordshire)
She said the conditions were much stricter for civilians than for police officials. "If you take into account all the losses, police are responsible for the increase in illegal firearms."
By Julie Baird
Then I began to wonder how much £234,310 would be in today’s money. The best person to ask would surely be an historian, maybe one with an interest in naval history? Luckily I have a good friend who is such a person, a Senior Research Fellow and Lecturer no less at the prestigious Greenwich Maritime Institute, housed in the grand surroundings of the former Royal Naval College on the banks of the Thames, with its amazing Painted Hall. So I asked him, and here’s what he said:
Chuck and Susan really enjoyed their day at Drayton Hall- Chuck especially appreciated the fact that Drayton Hall is “non commercial” in the sense that it is preserved and not restored. They described the house tour and their guide as “very informative” and Susan added that she learned things about the history of the African-American community in the Lowcountry that she didn’t know before. They loved the view of the Ashley River, and after spotting the picnic tables thought that would be a great way to spend an afternoon.
Why? I don't.. know. But it's fun. We're having a rough night. In my family, the way we deal with rough nights is to make fun of shit. MST3k style.
This MP found fame during the reformasi days for his penchant in challenging the police at public protests. Whenever and wherever there was a public demonstration and for whatever cause, this man would be around. He was arrested on countless occasions and at times, the impression was that he seemed to bask in the ‘glory’ of being nabbed by the police. You know, people will readily and willingly play the ‘victim’ — they are the good guys and the poor cops are usually the villains.
and unaccustomed eyes.
As is typical of this kind of story of the young man at home in the natural world, Andy will not forget this afternoon for the rest of his life: “What would stay with him would not be his frustration, his failure to catch the squirrel, but the beauty of it and his aerial life while he tried to catch it among the small supple branches that sprang with his weight as if almost but not quite he might have leapt from one to another like the squirrel, almost but not quite flying.” It is only later that he wonders how, if he had caught the squirrel, he could have got down out of the tree with only one hand and knows he would have had to turn the creature loose. As Keats, Wordsworth, Shelley, and all the Romantics, well knew, you might be able momentarily to catch the creaturely, but you can never take it back to reality with you.
Turn an old hardback book into a secret hiding place for jewelry. You’ll need a sharp knife, like an x-acto blade or box cutter and of course, the old book. Turn the pages til you’re about a quarter of the way into the book, use your knife to hollow out a hole in the center of the pages. You’ll have the perfect spot to cache away your valuables and if someone opens the cover, it still looks like a book!
6/16: Belleville, ON - Big Music Fest @ East Zwicks Park - BUY TICKETS
2. Who is this “us” in verse 26?
When I finally did get the rugrats to sleep I had a fitful nights sleep. I had this incredible dream. I was in the car with this boyfriend of mine and he was emotionally abusive. When I went to kiss him he yelled at me to wipe my mouth off. Such a simple thing but for some reason the humiliation cut me to the core. In the dream I had breast cancer. It was visible. I kept looking at it, it was like mold spores on my breasts. I assumed that signifies the depression and suppresed emotion that is slowly killing me like cancer. Then it switched up and I was with a man who loved me deeply. The strength of the feeling surprised me as I woke up. This man was looking at me with a look I’ve only seen once in a man’s eyes. In the eyes of my first husband as we said our vows. Waking up, I was trying to figure it all out and feeling the emotions from the dream all over again. The depth of my longing for true love and friendship is more than I had even realized.
The Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are assisting Iowa City police with the investigation.
Bava's second (credited) turn as director is a fascinating tale of swords 'n' sandals with a bit of Christopher Lee thrown into the mix. Hercules (Reg Park) journeys to Hades to retrieve a mystical stone that will save the life of his lady love, Princess Deianira. What our musclebound hero doesn't know is that his girlfriend's wicked uncle (Lee) is machinating to use Deianira's blood in a ritual to make him immortal. Hercules in the Haunted World was Bava's first opportunity to show what he could do with color and he really wows. The scenes of hell in particular show his visual mastery. Reportedly Bava used a few movable walls and a handful of columns to form every interior set in this film, resorting to visual trickery when he needed it to look like he had more. He creates an expressionistic peplum film, which works best when taken as a visual feast hung on a loose plot.
So let me get right to the point. Our beloved Goatmother has been diagnosed with breast cancer. Yes, it is that awful 'C' word. At first no one could even utter the word. We found lots of other ways to say it like, 'Oh. The biopsy came back positive', or 'Oh. The doctor found something not so good.', or 'Oy Vay!, Mama! What are these people really trying to say?' And the title of this post is unequivocally true. First you cry. And then the fear takes hold. Mr. Fear is a terrible task master and the jerk tends to lead one off into quite unacceptable territory. Unreasonable thoughts begin to enter one's mind. Things like, 'Where in the hay are my Peanuts going to come from?' Oh, wait. Maybe that was a bad example ...
Papou turned it back on again, at a lower volume and half the diners got up and danced.
However, in practice, the bio-energetic field that TT practitioners claim to work with has an annoying habit of completely disappearing whenever we try and look at it close up.
A page on the Community Benefits Agreement cites the eight groups (by the way, the First Atlantic Terminal Housing Committee is now the Brooklyn Endeavor Experience, Inc.) that partnered with the developer. Unmentioned is that only two of the eight were incorporated at the time of signing the CBA, as the New York Observer reported. (In the photo (l.-r.), from AtlanticYards.com, Assemblyman Roger Green (second from left), James Caldwell of BUILD, Mayor Mike Bloomberg, Bertha Lewis of ACORN, the Rev. Herbert Daughtry, and FCR President Bruce Ratner.)
Nice slightly peppery zip in addition to a fair amount of bitterness in the smell. The way a warmer should be. It has a bit of an alcohol smell, but it's minor.
Well, now wonder.
and now it's monday and i feel like i've gotten nothing done (which isn't true. i've just gotten zero school-stuff done).
- 1/4 cup shredded, unsweetened, roasted coconut
First, I did have a car wreck. Remember how slick the streets were yesterday morning? Well my poor car's anti-lock brakes did in fact lock up as I was attempting to stop at a red light, and I slid into and slightly under the rear bumper of a truck stopped directly in front of me. The truck appeared to have no damage but the collision destroyed my bumper, mashed my front lights, and pretty much crumpled up my entire hood and bent the frame around it. No airbags deployed, neither Wonder Boy nor I have any whiplash, and the woman I rear-ended up was extremely nice and seemed pretty unconcerned by it all (knock wood that is still true today). Neither one of us felt the need to call the cops, and we just exchanged information and continued on down the road. My car had obvious damage so I took it to a local body shop which is when I discovered that it doesn't take much to total a car with 100,000 miles on it. The jury is still out but the repair estimate was only a few hundred dollars away from a total loss before they even opened the hood. If totalled, I will be looking for a very cheap "bridge" car that will last me 20 months until I can afford a car payment when Her Majesty starts kindergarten.
A V A C A D O!
How the GOP Ruined This Kind of Person for Everyone: They reminded us that, yes, we are all Things. Newt Gingrich is the epitome of the Thing, and the Thing is the distilled essence of America’s negative qualities. He is just another reminder of our acne, and he will destroyed by face cleansing cream, just as every other blatant member of his kind.
I Am Michael, Micha-el, Mikkal. The -el stands for Elohim or son of God. Prince of Light, the Great Protector, the almighty Michael who commands the Legions of Light.
Now onto some things that didn't impress me about the service this month: firstly, the boxes shipped out 2 days later than it was stated on the Sample Society website, but they did apologize about the delay when they emailed the shipping confirmation. Also, before I got my shipping confirmation, I received a random automated email listing all the samples I was going to get - what a spoiler! Fortunately, I averted my eyes just in time and still had my element of surprise when I was unboxing the package. Thirdly, the Dermalogica sample spilt all over my box and the powder got everywhere; but I guess those things happen. And lastly, I believe WA residents actually have to pay another dollar for sales tax, which is a bit unfair.
Recently causing a topic with various concept teaser photos revealed ahead of their debut mid-July, T-ara members’ pre-debut photos get exposed by the netizens.
It has been a very difficult summer. When I started this blog I was just trying to keep a journal for myself to help me remember the things I had been doing. One of the medications I take really effects my memory and getting older just adds to that. It was also effecting my cognitive functioning so that writing was very difficult. Since my poor memory and cognitive functioning was making me depressed I decided to reduce and then stop that medication. This was not a good idea. (This seems to be a lesson many folks with bipolar have to learn over and over.) I think things would not have been too bad but I was hit with a string of separate events that had me worrying for the lives of both of my sons and my father. A few other difficult, but minor by comparison, losses and troubles added to the burden and I cracked a bit. Except for the lessons learned through these trials I would rather not remember much of what happened since I last wrote.
Thursday 19th April 2012.
So we are heading up to Pa. tomorrow after my wonderful DH get's out of his EMT class and will be spending the holiday with family!!! I am so excited...not so much looking forward to the 9-10 hour drive but it's worth it! We'll be heading back down here to NC on Sunday so my DH and DS can get some sleep for school Monday morning. So it will be a quick...fully filled weekend!!!
They also said she spoke with another man who sent her child pornography and invited him to also come and have sex with her infant daughter.
There was that time when the kids were misbehaving and being too loud, so we left before the meal even came to the table, taking dinner to go. Not fun when you have to drive 25 minutes to get to the restaurant and then leave before you even eat. But knowing that other people were looking to eat their dinner in peace we decided it be best if we high-tailed it out of there.
Geek and Sundry was debuted at WonderCon this past March, and is determined to bring the coolest and most diverse collection of indie geek culture to our computer screens.
Fancy dress shop. In the U.S., they're costumes, and they're usually only available at Halloween, or are for rent for a lot of money. Some of these were for rent, most were for sale, but never, ever had I seen an adult costume for a Christmas Cracker.
Odor, wind and water resistant
‘Everything seemed more formal,’ she recalls. ‘Berna and Glen, who I called Mum and Dad, kept telling me how grateful I should be to have these opportunities. I loved them and they were kind but I missed Gina and Pete.’
I would like to abjure everything,
Doesn't that look wonderful? Like I said earlier, if you want people to take your view seriously, dress it in nice clothes. Produce rushed and shit ugly promotional posters like the ones I got from the road sense website and prepare for people to take one look and walk away in disgust.
At dawn the stream had started and the variety and strength of the morning flight would continue for many hours. By 11am, hawkwatching was distracting, as gnatcatchers, swallows, and orioles still continued to migrate past the old tower site.
time is ticking non stop , slip from finger towards 26 July, final day to submit 12-18k words dissertation, after last exam in early Jan, I was totally relax and keep dragging the thing till today with no progress.
I don't mind one bit. I'll take it! =)
Michael West is one of my favourite new authors of 2012, and I can tell you this is definitely worth the read. If you don't believe me, stop by next week when I post my review!
Such measures do not sit well with all obese Americans. Advocacy groups formed to “end size discrimination” argue that it is possible to be healthy “at every size,” taking issue with the findings that obesity necessarily comes with added medical costs.
don't go together and finding a way of making them go together. I
Hello fellowette bloggers! I decided to actually blog about my latest creation today. Splitcoast stampers had a challenge, "technique lovers challenge" I never do these, but I thought I would peek to see what it was. It was a challenge to make your own designer paper. So, I decided to use a technique I made up maybe 2 yrs ago or so. It is a combination of elements from like three different techniques.
Network 18 (India’s best established TV network) has launched its aspirational news site, firstpost.com to push co-produced content. Co-produced content comes with the benefit of an additional user base. Another way to earn revenue online is to charge for content by well known writers and special features.
#34 When Maidens Mourn (Sebastian St Cyr # ) by C. S. Harris (Read 16/03/2012) I really love this series, and the very satisfying, developing relationship between Sebastian and Hero, the daughter of his sworn enemy. There are some intriguing pieces of real history and research behind the fiction here. The murder mystery revolves around echoes of Arthurian legend, French prisoners of war, a family’s hidden shame, and, as with The Dark Enquiry mentioned above, some raggle, taggle gypsies, oh!
Over the past week, the Boer commandos trekked all the way from the north of Mpumalanga to the Amajuba camp on horseback, carrying the Vierkleur and other Boerevolk flags in their wake and sleeping on farms.
From now on I will remember to check her homework more thoroughly before she turns it in.
Bring a pot of water to a boil and boil beets until fork tender. Peel skin (loosened from boil) off the beets and cut in a medium dice. Whisk together vinaigrette ingredients: juice, vinegar, oil, shallot, salt + pepper. Toss beets in vinaigrette. Arrange on toasted bread (we toasted our in a grill pan with a little brush of olive oil). Serves four to six.
New council leader Bill Dixon referred The Northern Echo to the party’s regional group yesterday.
We're not sure if this is in the servo electronics somewhere, or in the software settings, but it's not right, and either contributed to, or is the cause of, the loss of track we had last mission.
Some people I know who were interested in the concept of “hearing Mass” spurred this little project. Methods of hearing Mass used to be a rather common devotional exercises for the faithful. They were intended to better unite those assisting at the Mass to the Sacrifice being represented.
vividly enough that you activate the *feeling* of
or fall into my lap
I’m so ready.
As the road curved up toward the mountain they chattered on about the snow and the chairlift and the very special ski helmets that they cradled in their laps. Brent and I spend a lot of time listening to them talk to each other these days. Jack has adopted a particularly charming habit of calling Sawyer "brother" as in "Brother, let me show you how to put your skis on."
I had been thinking again recently about the futility of working full-time when you really don’t know what hand you will be dealt in old age. So with usual serendipity I stumbled upon this fabulously titled blog ‘far beyond the stars’ and the great posting on ‘27reasons why you should never have a job‘.
The show itself was good clean entertainment. Everyone has their own favourite episode – I’ll never forget the one in which the ‘Five-0’ team snare an obnoxious neo-Nazi plotter. When the would-be Reichsprotektor of Honolulu is finally spreadeagled, McGarrett solemnly declares:
Overall, this is a book I highly recommend to anyone who loves adult fantasy and science fiction. This is fantasy at its very best. No, it's not a kids' book. And sure, the material is fine suited for teens, but this is truly an epic fantasy and is a true pleasure for those who love that sort of thing.
I don't like margaritas that use an artificial mix instead of lime juice.
Q The ROM has said for years that there’s no money in the budget to reduce admission fees. Where did the money come from to do this?
Can you imagine browsing for the latest Urban Fantasy under those incredible gothic arches?
Director Kim Ki-young Special Documentary (52 minutes)
Keep your plans flexible and if he comes home exhausted and just wants to watch TV instead of eating that gorgeous picnic you had planned, that’s ok, work with it! A proposal in the lounge room is still a proposal!
From this perspective it seems as if the NAMA/Treasury relationship has completelyt broken down and become almost personal; the progress of the conflict between these big beasts will be watched closely.
It’s time for this week’s LOVE LETTERS GONE WRONG secret admirer big reveal! This week we did not have a winner, so click the trophy for another whacked out post.
Miranda sings the lyrics: ‘He slap my face and he shook me like a rag doll, don’t that sound like a real man.
This post was written to bring awareness and insight into the forces we face, who use this type of magic for personal gain and greed. They have a vested interest in stopping this process, both the human and non-human elements. One other essential component to students of Hermetic Philosophy, the foundation of Egyptian mystery traditions, was the development of one’s ability to love. There are many varying degrees of love but they deemed this to be crucial to a student’s training and development. Some scholars contend that the one known as Christ revealed his mystery school training with his marked focus on love and compassion.
I didn't get video of it because I was busy keeping myself in check, so I present you with a video someone else took of their own loved one aboard a similar ride.
In Mexico the Notario is a very important, very respected legal figure. They are a government-appointed attorney who has gone to post-graduate legal school, taken a grueling examination and worked under a practicing Notario before taking up their post. The government limits the number of Notarios in a given area based on the population. The Notario’s job is to preside over certain legal proceedings such as the purchase of real estate and the formation of corporations. They are charged with calculating and collecting the federal taxes due in these procedures, and if they make a mistake are personally liable to make up the tax deficit. They are consulted to give legal opinion in matters of title and ownership. In many respects they are similar to a magistrate. Not at all like a Notary in the U.S. or Canada. Oh yes, if needed they will witness a signature. But be prepared: the going rate for that service is between $50 and $75 US.
becoming obsessed with a material desire in the hopes of liberating your spirit (bad idea!)
The book is called "A Mother's Heart Knows" and on the outside it's a tiny little book....on the inside....not so tiny. "A Mother's Heart Knows" is a gift book. You know, one of those little books that you give to someone to let them know that you love them and care about them, and they, in turn, display it on a side table, or shelf and look through it every now and then and smile and think of you....at least that's how I normally see these books.
I’d be remiss if I didn’t credit my loving and full-of-good-ideas fiancee`, Nina, who thought of this book promotional post!
Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas from Meet Me in St. Louis is my favorite Christmas song after those in The Nutcracker. Read its history and listen to it here. The song begins at 00:36.
Whisk the olive oil, agave, lemon juice, ginger and salt . add to the bowl and toss.
The residents have set up a website, www.stantonwickactiongroup.org, to collect the views of local people.
Wishing you good luck!
Take a look at a few I've done...
After several minutes, the only sounds louder than Brodie's breathing were the cracking of the snow under his weight. It hadn't snowed in over a week, but the unnatural freeze had endured. Brodie brushed the fog off his tinted goggles, sidestepped and slowly turned to survey the surroundings. Again, the only sound was the breaking ice, his rapid breathing, and a slight whistling as the breeze assaulted his ears.
International Women's Day (8 March) is an occasion marked by women's groups around the world. This date is also commemorated at the United Nations and is designated in many countries as a national holiday. When women on all continents, often divided by national boundaries and by ethnic, linguistic, cultural, economic and political differences, come together to celebrate their Day, they can look back to a tradition that represents at least nine decades of struggle for equality, justice, peace and development.
7. Seagull
Why would smoking ban lobbyists care how smokers kick their habit? Because the smoking ban lobbyists American Lung Assn., American Cancer Society, American Non-Smoker's Rights, Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, etc. are funded $446+ million by a foundation, (RWJF), with strong ties to Johnson & Johnson Company which manufactures and/or owns Nicoderm, Nicorette, Nicotrol, Commit, etc.
This is actually a very tricky requirement. You'd find it difficult to find even a local doctor who understands how Aspergers Syndrome presents in adults - particularly if the aspie is female. You certainly won't have a great deal of luck finding a local relationship counselor who fits the bill.
Daddy and I know we have our hands full with you! You are all girl through and through. You have a love for shoes, clothes and purses. I caught you just yesterday rifling through my purse and whispering to yourself. I was trying to hear what you were saying and then you said it clear as day; "where did all the money go?" Oh my word, Lord help me now. You aren't even two yet!
But anyway - if you have the time and energy to share how you put your baby to sleep (for naps and/or the night - because naps are hard to come by around here too!), I'd love to hear about it.
The second book in the Cousin's War series, I found this a much better read then part 1, The White Queen.
“Dear one,” he wrote, “I am your great grandfather and you are the last of my kin. You don’t know me, but if you have read William Blake’s words, you will understand who I am. If not, I leave you his work, and you can discover that for yourself.
So? What to do when you wake up with a case of the blues over a guy and you want to kick yourself for even caring but yet you have to acknowledge where you're at or you'll just knock yourself down further? How about living out a fantasy? Perhaps one listed at the top of your blog post. Put on some hiking shoes, climb to a remote spot in Tahoe, write down his name and stick it under a bolder;leaving him in CA so you're rested and rejuvenated and ready for action when you come back to NY. Pictures of the spot will be posted when I return this evening.
A friend of ours has been staying with me during the week, as he prepares to move himself and his family back to the bay area after over a decade in the Midwest.
Nowadays, allusion to the genius loci is a customary, if occasionally tiresome event in decorating, but it has an august history. If it began with Victoria and Albert spreading acres of tartan over the floors of their newly remodeled pile in the Cairngorms, I don't know, but it sure do go back a long way. Even more commonplace is allusion to the spirit of genius ibi - be it a Provençal mas in the suburbs of Texas, a Gustavian slott in Florida or an Umbrian studiolo in Hell's Kitchen - for, seemingly, somewhere else is more attractive than right here, right now - and it's an odd phenomenon.
And NOW for the heavy shit. I'm pretty sure my dad has a girlfriend or something. Not sure what to call her because I think it's mostly online and phone calls. I don't know how they "met" or anything like that. I do know that they have talked on the phone a few times and post things on Facebook that make me want to throw up and scream. It sounds silly, me overacting over an "online" thing, but this is all new for me. I don't know how to act or if I have any reason to act a certain way. I haven't talked to him because I don't know what to say and I don't really want to talk to him about this. He deserves to me happy and if he is, that's great! I'll get over it, I'm sure, even if it turns out to be "something".
Shoes: Zoneyz-Color Change (Z3)
1. The Problem: You’re So Nervous You’re Shaking
At five pm tonight I will be blogging something so cool that I hope those that follow me on Twitter and Facebook join up for and become apart of! So, be waiting and watching for the post!
This is no different than burlap coffee bags.
Five things that I really like about my life today:
So, when it's your turn, keep in mind that your galleys will go to Publishers Weekly. They will go to Library Journal and RT Book Reviews and every other advance reviewer.
Tear 5 pieces of foil into 18 inch strips. Brush each with canola oil.
with branches that swing and enfold me
I was at school, one of the days I didn't skip.
04 Ain't Misbehavin' (I'm Savin' My Love For)
Thankfulness is foundational to life. It is essential for the spiritual life. It is not a task engaged in periodically, but it is to flow from our hearts and lips at all times. And it is always possible to be grateful, if we are intentional in looking towards God and His many kindnesses towards us.
3:30 - 4:30 door prizes and connecting
Aside from being more dramatic, Crows Zero II is even more action-packed. The Housen army is a worthy enemy of Suzuran. That Ryo is like a psycho but when he fought against Serizawa I felt like I had the time of my life just watching that scene. I told you, Serizawa’s a better fighter than Genji if it’s all about strength and techniques. You just have to love his kicks although he didn’t do much grappling here unlike before.
Steamed 1 lb of Asparagus and then placed it on a bed of ice
If your household is like mine, you have lots of these little cups sitting around. Every so often, we'll throw some in the recycling bin, but we usually keep them for an easy and frugal way to measure out smaller liquid ingredients.
To some people the concept may bring the “Transformers” franchise to mind. But with its boxing robot competitions and complex interplay of human emotions, Real Steel is much more. In such a movie there’s always a danger of stuffing up the concept with action, animation, 3D effects and what not. But more than that, Shawn Levy – the director, has concentrated in showing the emotional bond grow between Hugh Jackman and his son, Dakota Goyo. The initial hesitation on Jackman’s part to take his son’s custody, the parts where he is about to become sentimental but doesn’t give in to finally where he fights his heart out in the battle against Zeus, Levy has done a brilliant job.
Our first snorkel trip is smack in the middle of the sea. The water is so clear and blue. There is not so many fish, but the large swathes of coral are vibrant and the visibility here is phenomenal. Another trip takes us to an uninhabited beach with decent snorkeling out 100 yards. But actually we find the best snorkeling around Kadidiri to be right off of the beach near the hotels. Just a few meters from the shore the reefs are teeming with life and color. Butterfly fish, fox face fish, parrot fish, to name a few. Mika sees two lionfish while I get hissed at by a black and white moray eel. All just a few steps and swim strokes from our cabana.
Expound on your Sssssss love in the comments.
Figured it would go with lots of things.
Happy Flying!
Yikes! Our lives were really getting complicated! Life with two households can get crazy. We learned right away, that mail needs to arrive at only one place. Otherwise, things get lost or forgotten -- not good, when you're talking about household bills. Even shopping for two households is complicated.
It is has medicinal properties too.
Our take? How and when social tools are leveraged is really up to the individual. Provided the message isn’t intended to hurt anyone– why not? The bigger question is: can and should Facebook allow advertisers to target using life events such as these?
When asked: “think the recent news of the upcoming film featuring three porn stars discussing affairs with Tiger will affect odds?” LVH Race and Sports Assistant Manager Jeff Sherman, widely considered the best golf oddsmaker in Las Vegas, replied: “No… the public money is affecting his odds,” via Twitter.
Introduce us to Shelly first, show us who she is, and give us a reason to care about her. Then sprinkle in the backstory, and show us the inciting incident (this can be the house burning down, her sister getting killed, or almost anything, it depends on the story).
As the days and treatments worn on, she was getting sicker and sicker. Her husband of thirty years stayed by her side constantly as she battled. In the end, he made the ultimate and most loving gift that a man could give to his wife. Peace and rest. No more suffering or treatments.
Everything is going so fast. I can't believe that we are already at the 30 week mark.
He nodded brusquely. “Any business?”
Well blogger friends,
Rather than feel threatened by NEXT’s rapid ascent, veteran editors who know the industry inside out told me confidently that that paper would not “make it” because it was “too sophisticated” for the Nigerian market. When I asked to buy a copy from a street vendor last June, he had to disinter it from the bottom of his huge pile of other newspaper titles. It was almost as if he did not expect anyone to ask for it.
"What? I don't understand."
Grameen Foundation’s Lisa Kienzle, Olga Morawczynski and Ali Ndiwalana recently co-authored a blog post with Ignacio Mas on the blog Mobile Active. Here they introduce and user-test one concept of savings: deferred payments over mobile money. Below is an excerpt, followed by a link to the full post.
Foreigner
A school of dolphins played in the waves and the first whale of the season lifted his tail in salute. I was content.
Be proactive. Eat as soon as you notice your hunger. Sleep. Yes, there will be times when you won't be able to get as much sleep as you need. But do make sure to sleep when the kids are sleeping. If you do choose to stay up for hours after they go to bed, don't complain to them about how exhausted you are. Take showers. Bring the kids in with you if they are tiny, or put on a movie if it's safe to leave them alone for a few minutes. Use the bathroom in the quiet moments, instead of waiting until you are about to burst. You will be better at everything if you are not needy.
groups, corporate cronies, and racialists and victimists of every stripe
Makes one 20 / 22-cm tart tin with fluted edges. I used 18-cm tart tin and two additional smaller tart tin.
Style: West Coast Pale Ale
“The powers of financial capitalism had (a) far-reaching aim, nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert, by secret agreements arrived at in frequent meetings and conferences. The apex of the systems was to be the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland; a private bank owned and controlled by the world’s central banks which were themselves private corporations. Each central bank…sought to dominate its government by its ability to control Treasury loans, to manipulate foreign exchanges, to influence the level of economic activity in the country, and to influence cooperative politicians by subsequent economic rewards in the business world.” – Prof. Carroll Quigley in Tragedy and Hope
Has outlining helped you in the past? How could it help your writing process in the future?
My sons nearly 7 months old – wow has time flown – and at the moment he doesn’t know what a mother is, or a father, or an aunty or whatever. He just knows that I’m the lady that looks after him, feeds him, makes him smile, puts him to sleep and generally does everything he needs and so he obviously has an attachment to me that outweighs any other attachment he may have. Does he know that his father isn’t in his life? Nope. Will he one day work out it out? Sure he will. I have this huge hope that him and his father will be extremely close, despite the distance. Part of me hopes we’ll work it out and be a family and the other part of me knows I’m being just plain stupid and ridiculous to even be carrying on with these ideas. But now I’m starting to think it’s having an impact on my son…
Blouse Pattern - Bust 40" - so hopefully no FBA adjustment needed (yay!)
Keepin’ eyes opened and heart in its case. Ready to absorb all I can on this journey.
Good morning everyone and hope that you're having a good week so far.
I suppose it's means to an end in some respects. I get peace to stock my gardening shelves and they get... well, I don't know what they get. No doubt they just move onto the next shop to see who will engage them in a conversation about how warm it was one week and how cold it was the next.
Be it documents or through stories handed down from each generation.
Cussin' In Tongues by Legendary Shack Shakers
I have converted a few peps over to craft brew with Vale Ale from these guys. I was pleasantly surprised they also brew an IPA which was one of the only IPA's available for tasting at the event. And what a great IPA at that! Big hop aroma on the nose and a sweet maltyness going down, finishing up with a awesome hoppy bitterness which hop-heads like me are addicted to. Hope to see more from these guys.
“Yes,” he said, and sat down.
Blessings! We are your Ascended Masters! We come today with an update of what is currently happening on your world. Presently, we are moving through the final days of the ultimatum that is forcing the dark cabal and its die-hard adherents to resign their public and ministerial offices. These coming official ‘resignations’ will signal the start of the process of a vast conveyance of power from the dark cabal to the agents of the Light. This process also parallels an immense transfer of money throughout your world. During this time, many banks will change hands from the cabal to delegates of the Light. In charge of these complex transactions are various elements of our secret sacred societies. In effect, a new financial system will rise up out of this change in bank ownership and it will be based on new gold-backed currencies. Once these proceedings are complete, the new governments will make their broadcasts.
I am currently running a house ruled Fourth Edition game. Following Zak, I have decided for ease of reference to call this internally the Nalfeshnee Hack. I started this game right when I got back into the hobby (in fact, one might say that this game was the reason I got back into the hobby, and online research for it is how I discovered the OSR). At the time I had very little conception of the differences between 4E and earlier systems; I just jumped in, becoming familiar with the system as we played. Now the game is established. We are 14 sessions in, I have 7 players (all coworkers), and we play in the company board room every Monday evening that a quorum is available. I'm going to stick with it even though in a perfect world I would probably choose something like B/X or LotFP.
Let us know your intent to participate. Please leave a comment below if you will be joining the 1940 Census community!
It also seems that many people assume that if they think of some cool new way of sewing fabric together, they're the "inventor."
I usually have about ten or more windows open in Firefox, and even though I can do that on my I-Mac, I continue to get the spinning beach ball of death all the time. It freezes everything for a short amount of time, and then I'm good to go..until the next SBBOD comes around, which usually is in about the next minute or so. This is really starting to get on my nerves to be honest, and I don't enjoy being on the computer nearly as much.
Long-time readers of this here blog will recall that I used to dip an extremity or three into the local live music arena with an outfit called the Ron Titter Band.
3 potatoes cut into wedges
This past week has been full of good friends and good times. I went to a movie with a girlfriend last week (the mom of one of Jerry's friends). A friend from college came up on Friday and we hung out, had dinner, then enjoyed a bottle of wine on the deck while we watched the stars come out as a garden spider spun his web right at the end of the deck. (We saw a Mickey Mouse balloon float by, too.) Monday I had lunch with a friend who has been MIA for the last year. It was great to catch up and she brought me some homemade nectarine/lemon verbena jam that is absolutely amazing. (I'm eating it on toast now!) Yesterday I visited my grandma for a couple hours. Here we are. I love my grandma. I really need to visit her more often. (I also really need to start working out--look at the size of that giant, fat arm!)
We stopped by Le Lup for our second unsuccessful attempt to have cocktails at this bar, which was recommended to Matt by someone in the Curio Parlor. Our first attempt, back in July, fell flat when we arrived to find a sign on the door saying "exceptional closing" this Wednesday. On our second try last Wednesday, we found that since their summer break, they have changed their opening days to Thurs, Friday and Saturday only. The doorman at a nearby bar who told us this (as there was no signage on the nearly unmarked door indicating the change in hours) said it was a good place to go for drinks. So, one of these days, I'll get myself out there on a non-Wednesday to try the drinks and report back. But, notwithstanding its changing and somewhat unclear hours, it is well-placed. It's close to Rue du Dragon with some nice shopping and interesting boutiques and right around the corner from Coco & Co restaurant, which I haven't tried, but looks appealing and has had a good write up in Elle.
06. It's The End Of The World As We Know It
Holly has joined a music group (a capella) and they're having a car wash this morning. On short notice she's supposed to lean toward 1940's pinup, rather than 2011 girls. She has the lipstick, shorts and a polka-dotted scarf. I helped her with cardboard signs and a bucket of old towels. She's asleep.
I had to get the holidays blocks grouped together for the big drawing tonight. We had about 24 members turn in one or more blocks for a total of 29. I put them into 3 groups and each winner will get an equal share of the remaining background fabric, 2.3 yards each.
The committee authorized Capt. Arthur Fenner ,William Hopkins ,and John Whipple Jr. to procure a boat to transport the Indians where they might be sold, and after cost and reasonalble payment for their efforts the remaining funds would be divided the company _
much support in the changing times. No one will be left out. Be in joy
If you can't find 1 lb. squid, you will have to get the 2 lb. frozen package, and cut open, empty, and will have to defrost the entire thing in cold running water (don't worry, you will be using up the entire thing)
to be with us for Quilts In The Barn. Can you guess who is very excited???
If something goes wrong, go with it the best you can. Don't let it ruin the day. This is easier said than done considering the time and effort that goes into T-Day dinner. Perfection is a romantic concept but is never as enjoyable in real life as it seems in your fantasies. Something is always going to go wrong or forgotten or something. If something is truly ruined such as burnt then don't serve it. Laugh, do the best you can and move on. The worst case scenario is the turkey getting burnt or over cooked or undercooked. People love telling turkey disaster stories. Seriously don't you love these tales (and somehow they seem to get taller as years go by!). I have heard, seen and contributed to these stories. Family and friends love the stories, but mostly family and friends are there because they want to be with you. They will come back, even if it to see what happens next year! So dang it, take a sip of wine (or whatever you sip on) and keep on going.
Unwrap eggplant and allow to cool until safe enough to handle.
It’s just one manifestation of how this year has gone. Everything has taken longer than I expected, cost more than I thought it would, and didn’t work out quite the way I hoped it to.
Sometimes I think death would be a gift in those situations…
The CBI doesn’t provide an analysis of deposits at the covered banks – about the only analysis it doesn’t provide – but in terms of all banks operating in Ireland including foreign and IFSC banks, Irish household deposits increased by €0.8bn in March, which brings such deposits to €92.1bn, the same as the June 2011 level. Total deposits from all sources in all Irish banks fell €15bn in March, mostly as a result of a decline in €10bn in deposits by euro area (non-Irish) depositors.
RATING: 1 out of 5
UPDATE (1): 19th December, 2011. As commented on here last week, it is now confirmed as Mary Carolan at the Irish Times reports that the Dalys’ case against NAMA has been settled save as to the issue of costs – and on the issue of costs it is reported there is to be no costs order against NAMA which doesn’t look very promising for the Dalys. Apparently neither side is commenting and the terms of the settlement are confidential. So there! But what this means is that NAMA is now apparently unencumbered in any sale of the Daly assets to which receivers were appointed six months ago. And in the very near term, it might mean that 17-20 Bond Street is sold by receivers possibly to existing tenant, Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy (LVMH). Speculation about the price suggests the property may fetch €350m (GBP 300m)
With regard to – about
Khubz looks at me.
Or my ability to dream and reach for that big, brass ring.
"In 1961, I was the luckiest damn kid on my block — or maybe any block. My father worked at home. Everyone else’s dad had to drive into Queens or Brooklyn or take the train into Manhattan. And it was not some boring, old desk job; my father was Jack Kirby, the King of Comics, and — though his humble personality would have him cringing to hear this — he is regarded as the greatest comic book artist and creator – ever."
This is such an inspiring metaphor. So often, I read singles columns that say that the reason so and so is single is because they need to change themselves. While I agree that self-improvement is a great thing to do when you are single (and even when you are not), I don’t think that the reason most people are single is because there is something necessarily wrong. I just think they haven’t met the right one.
Reid: so I’ve noticed
How do leaders drain the confidence of others?
A supercomputer combined MRI images of the 63-year-old professor to create the three-dimensional illusion now projected on the wall. It gives the impression that the viewer could go for a stroll inside the researcher’s abdomen.
I don’t feel judged or boxed up. I don’t feel pre-identified. I don’t feel like every move I make is being scrutinized. I don’t feel anxious when I’m around or away from them. I don’t wonder if they’re being honest with me. And I don’t demand anything from them.
As a suburb of Detroit, I would think that there are more serious issues facing your community than whether or not a woman grows a vegetable garden in her front yard. With today’s budget issues, I am not sure why you are employing a staff that has nothing better to do. Its a waste of tax payers money, its bureaucracy run amock…you work for your citizens, not the other way around. Not that you guys are alone with that issue. Get rid of these wastes of space and possibly hire more police officers, or for heavens sake possibly stick the money in the bank. Now there is a novel concept for government.
Before I started reading the anti-parenting book I kept on noticing how proud I’m feeling about the silliest things lately. I’ve always been a good eater but I’ve never actually felt proud of myself after polishing off a pint of Ben & Jerry’s (did you see they have a new kind with chocolate covered potato chips? Add to shopping list. . . ) but when B ate two cubes of baby food instead of one it was cause for celebration! When he moved from two to three I almost planned a party. My kid is eating THREE cubes of pureed peas for dinner plus baby oatmeal and breastmilk. He. Is. A. Champ.
At 11:00 on the Friday, after I had done registration and such, but before any of the actual scheduled PantheaCon program events had occurred, I met a number of our group members, Mystai, and friends for a brief recitation of the Antinoan Petition. It was the first time I’ve done the “full” version (since its revision and printing in Devotio Antinoo), and I was most pleased with it.
Listen. Really. Maybe I can learn something. Even if it's what not to do.
I am pretty certain that I got through my years as an undergrad by eating Sour Patch Kids and Sour Gummi Worms. It wasn’t always possible to trek back to my apartment on the other side of town and grab a bite, so the next best thing were these sweet, cheap, sugar-packed, on-the-go candies. Almost instantly, I got a jolt of energy and was able to make it through class.
PT was a band that I did with an ex roomate Jason Krak, and his brother Jared who plays drums. Also involved was Sean Doody who played bass, and has been in the band End Of A Year for a good amount of time now. Musically I think we were influenced by the likes of Neurosis, Citizens Arrest, Bastard & Weed. We used a lot of the wah wah pedal to stoner things up a bit, and to try an do something a little different. I don't think it worked as well on here as it did the ep. This was recorded by Will Dandy at Dead Air Studios in Western Mass. We played some really fun shows, and recorded a 7" for my buddy Dan Barkers record label. I ended up leaving the band because I moved from Albany NY to Brooklyn NY. The band replaced me, and recorded another demo. I'll up the 7" sometime in the near future. Good times...
Brent waited on Reece's Rainbow for a family to rescue him- but nobody ever came. He is six years old and he has already been transferred to the Institution.
Starcast : Hrithik Roshan, Priyanka Chopra, Sanjay Dutt, Rishi Kapoor
****Update***
*Food
And came home to find myself a dog owner. Well, a dog-owner to be, since the puppies were too young to leave their mother.
They want to understand what their efforts are contributing. They want to be part of something bigger and meaningful. Once they understand what it is your organisation is trying to achieve (the WHY), they will give discretionary effort because they believe in ‘the cause’.
When bed time came around last night he helped me sprinkle magic dust all around his bed. I still had to sit in the room with him, but he finally went to sleep on his own, without crying a bucket of tears. Awesomeness. Many thanks to all who were involved.
I want to see those I love succeed.
“We were buried therefore with him by baptism into death, in order that, just as Christ was raised from the dead by the glory of the Father, we too might walk in newness of life.”-Romans 6:4
Hope you all well...and apparently we are getting a months worth of rain today..! So the best place for me me thinks is to hide in my room..and have a good ol' play with all my un-inked stamps...lol...:o)
The day Barron's starts running articles about what the fashionable investor will wear to a meeting, I'm outta there.
With my call to ordained ministry came clarity and passion to learn and grow… to develop into the man God called me to be. Certainly study is a key component of being a pastor as I’m called to teach God’s Word and all of its ramifications for every sphere of life. But my newfound love of learning (well, “newfound” as of 23 years ago) goes beyond that. I thoroughly enjoy reading about many topics as well as taking advantage of the increasing number of audio and video resources becoming available, not to mention all the FREE resources online.
Even pro’s got beaten for a moment.
But I think that if there was nothing to be repaired, a pain to heal, unfulfilled love, man and woman would not seek as they try, in some cases, finding priceless treasures.
My degree is a great foundation. If I hadn’t decided to include the creative writing emphasis in my degree, I’m afraid that I wouldn’t have learned as much as I did about writing process. I took a fiction writing workshop under professor and writer, Dr. Michael Smith. With his help, I learned what not to do with my writing and how to improve. Also, my classmates that year were wonderful. We all critiqued each others’ work, and every suggestion they had for my stories, I still remember to this day and apply to my writing during the editing process now. I can’t even begin to describe how much I have grown as a writer since then. I consider myself a better writer, although I know there is always room for improvement, and I feel more confident in my writing abilities. I do credit a lot of that to Dr. Smith. I don’t think he knows how much he helped me grow as a writer during my college career.
Combine dandelion petals, flours, salt and baking powder in a small bowl.
- A trail camera picked up the amazing find of a FOX (feasting on a dead animal)!! Until this positive proof emailed to us today, we did not know they existed in this part of the country. Maybe if i get the gumption i'll put some of those pics up soon.....
So, in all seriousness, I love you. I love this blog!
One advantage of having teens in the house is I have plenty of time in the early morning to put the finishing touches on their baskets and make a couple of cards.
Well, that’s fine. I am sure the olives were wonderful. However, the tension I had inside me during that particular artist lecture was that the olive comment explained everything and nothing. On one hand, it suggests the inherent mystery that makes art fascinating, the chains of meaning that lead an artist into unexpected territory. On the other hand, the olive comment seemed a bit of a cop-out, a dodge – “Back off, man, I’m an artist.”
Yeah, camping is a pain in the butt! Your kids, however, will be talking about it for years! At least you are done until next summer, right?
The incident marred a “festive” atmosphere during protests earlier in the day.
½ c. plus 2 tbsp. packed light brown sugar
Distresss Ink- Vintage photo
Share your life's story with your children or grandchildren. It will be a blessing that they will cherish for years to come!
Every day, Londyn is surprising us with how well she is handling this entire experience. From what we are told, she has been a peach at Gma Milne's and Auntie Nell's. She has even been able to come visit for long amounts of time, napping with Daddy here at the hospital and enjoying sweet moments with her sister.
faint hope that in the next life there’s rain
These are CIA types. The CIA drug-smuggling division.
“Well, we ought to do something, anyway,” Hermel concluded finally.
From a wintry wood in Pennsylvania to Manhattan’s fur district, the final stage of Ms Avins’ fur journey was an urban affair, conducted with the help of an expert furrier.
I did grow up in the Philippines, and I love the Philippines. I know I’m an American citizen, and I’m in America now, but when I utter the phrase “my country,” in my mind it still means the Philippines. Should I start getting used to making that phrase mean “America”? Am I betraying my country if I do that? Which one is my country anyway?
36.Take it in context. One single element of body language may not tell the whole story, so be sure to take into consideration several different non-verbal cues, the social situation, and any cultural differences that may affect body language.
Not wanting to lose any of those dollars flowing in, we found ways to accommodate the overflow. At one end of the gym there was a stage with stairs on either side for access. We put card tables and chairs up there to seat the extra people. I was working that area, selling extra sheets between games. If you've ever been to a bingo hall you know just how impatient those little old ladies can be. I should have been watching where I was stepping, but I was hurrying to get to the next person and stepped half on, half off that stage and down I went.
Wouldn’t it be nice if we could wipe away all the fear, all the panic, so easily. Wouldn’t it be nice?
Oh yes. The Delaware boys have made it to Texas. I've had the 60 Minute IPA in Maryland and loved it. So it's time for the 90 minutes. The 120 Minute is not on the menu sadly. She brought it out in something akin to a wine goblet. Very European. It had a strong lacy, and light tan head. Smells like a bouquet of flowers and was straw in color. Flavor a strong malt first, then cames the high hops. Full bodied and full. I actually wrote down "f*cking good". This is what beer tasting is all about right here, and I think this supplanted the 60 minute IPA as my third favorite beer.
The cost. One pound. To go to where he already was. It seemed.
I hope you like it as much as I enjoyed making it :)
Having control over your own mind and body.
List the number of tasks needed for each project and indicate their estimated timeframe of completion. If you are behind schedule, decisions have to be made whether to delay the project delivery or carry on to speed up the process.
Unless your job is to be a quantum physicist... In which case, I am happy for you to be dead and alive and work out for yourself just how that feels.
Also arrested and charged with Herron from the May 2011 incident was New Brockton Public Works Supervisor Tony Bludsworth, who testified in Herron’s trial. Bludsworth is also charged with second-degree animal cruelty.
14 - Well Without Water
At any event, in accordance with Rule B.1.2 UNISON is bound to promote equality and our Equality Scheme is therefore an important document (http://www.unison.org.uk/acrobat/18146.pdf).
Using the information contained in the Old Testament, he traced the ancient trade routes and found evidences of most of these tribes The trail led him from present day Israel, India, China, Burma and even Afghanistan, the heart of fundamentalist Islam. What is more amazing is he also discovered people who claim they are Jewish, or Israelites, who have never set foot in modern day Israel. These people’s ancestors have been there for centuries. Many of them realize they are under a curse and one day, God will bring them home. Some of them still observe worship and sacrificial practices which were handed down by Moses.
She said in the interview that she will gladly sell her story and has contracted one of Colombia’s top lawyers, according to the interview.
Say Hello to Santa
Sorted!
Carballo singing out both sides of his mouth on Energy shares sales.
Summer is almost here and I am so excited to get the kids out again for running club.
SH: You can't do that!
We started at Boveney Lock knowing that he would be stopping a couple of miles upstream in Bray for lunch, so we walked upstream to meet him. Our first sighting of the swimmer and his flotilla of boats was just downstream from Bray. (He's the one in the white cap, the other swimmer is Greg Whyte, his trainer.)
I'd like to keep the bickering to a minimum and get a pat on the back for my organisational flair – and I'd like your help in doing so.
In coordination with our partner, Humanitarian Network (HN) , the construction team is hiring local Haitians, teaching them how to assemble the structures. All local trainees will receive training certificates, providing short term income and, hopefully, longer term employment opportunities as rebuilding efforts grow.
One guest (Rudolph) gets to the point where she only starts considering switching her vote if Obama cheated on Michelle with Ke$ha, fell in love with her, moved in with her, and started a joint bank account.
Hello everybody! Now that finals are far behind me, and Christmas is fast approaching, I feel the need to make a rare post. These, as the title suggests, are a couple of my favorite Christmas songs.
“I am a very long time Star Trek fan. I bought a lot of film clips (in this context single frame 35mm movie positives) in the early Lincoln Enterprises and Star Trek convention days and have again recently added to the collection through on line auctions and networking. This flickr site is my way to share images that are rare or special in some way for the fans of Star Trek TOS. The majority of the images are digital scans and restorations from original film frames I personally possess in my collection, a few are my restored digital images from photos, computer files, or film clips I have borrowed or been sent.”
While Sarah (who is very minor in this book) is calling meetings and serving refreshments to Boston’s magical, in hopes of bringing the loose and paranoid talented into some sort of agreement, Evie is busy trying to talk with the Dead and rescue her boyfriend from himself.
On 16 August 1769, in Breslau Castle, in Silesia, Frederic the Great awoke in his blue silk draped bedroom at six o’clock in the morning. He rose immediately, dressed hurriedly, and had his astrologist called.
...snip...
I never sit still. If one door didn't open for me, I look for a window, a sun roof, a doggie door--I don't care. Give me a few sharp tools and I'll jimmy the lock.
Begin with the dough; in a small saucepan, heat milk and butter just until warm and butter is almost melted, stirring constantly. In a large mixer bowl, combine the pumpkin, sugar, orange zest, spices and salt. Add milk mixture and beat with stand mixer until well mixed. Beat in the eggs and yeast.
About 5 tablespoons of mix are equal to 1 1¼-ounce package
Today I contacted your online chat to see if there was any overrides to unlock the door. There are none. There is no way to open my washing machine and retrieve my clothes.
but conversations got me feelin’ the same
It made her look, just for one quick second. And her eyes said it. There was little to deny. After all, it was clear that Reality was Blasian. Black and Asian, a mixture sent from the gods. The security guards came and escorted me and Reality off the property. I didn’t care. I had gotten what I came for. Acknowlegement.
House Speaker John Boehner, delivering the Republican response after Obama spoke — the first such live response aside from the State of the Union in nearly four years — said Obama was looking for a “blank check” to fund his administration’s “spending binge.” He accused Obama of not negotiating in good faith…. – Fox News, 7-25-11
Sometimes I give in and indulge these lines of thought for a while. It's only human, I guess. It can help to get together with friends, with fellow writers, especially if there's good news to share. Mutual whining doesn't help. The main tactic that succeeds for me is actually sitting my ass in the chair writing. For a good solid chunk of time, more than one day at a time. String a few mornings together, and I can start to lose track of the other bullshit and remember that I like writing. A lot. The rest doesn't have to matter so much.
Gold Stickles
Jacket: Aoharu – BikerVest – Ocher
According to angry commuters, they were told to alight abruptly at Clementi MRT station after which they have to wait for 20 minutes or more to board the next train heading west towards Joo Koon station.
Irony. I haz it.
There are several different types of flea market vendors. There are guys selling items directly from estate sales, as well as one-time vendors who bring the items that didn't sell in their garage sales. There are collectors looking for a quick buck by selling parts of their collections off, along with people selling new items that look almost new. Each market will be different depending on your area but they're all about selling things cheap & prices are almost always negotiable. Be prepared to encounter many fun, colorful characters. :)
The very next day, we sat down, zoomed through all our school work with no hassles of any kind, and the girls spent the rest of the day exploring their best friend’s wonderful new house and riding bicycles. It was idyllic for them and gave me a chance to evaluate things. I realised that I had expected far too much: we’d already done 30 minutes of maths when we had our altercation, and that was after reading, language, writing and Bible studies. Without a break. No one can be expected to stay focused for that long, especially when the work at hand is boring and repetitive.
Not Russia, not China - no - one.
We will produce original content material, original reporting, original analysis and/or original analysis
Anyway, I have been told that if I want to do lots of shit on the internet and have lots of people see it, I will have to deal with haters. Forever. Luckily, I wrote this post and every time I get an email accusing me of stealing something or telling me that I suck or that I'm going to hell for swearing, I can simply reply with a link and then go about the rest of my day doing important things like blogging about pie and drawing pictures of bears.
Register for Pennwriters Silver Anniversary Celebration, May 17-20 at the Eden Resort and Suites, Lancaster, PA
and turned barren lands of innumerable grains
Only five more days left, Peyton Knight
To my embarrassment I’m enjoying the food more than the food I usually eat, which is annoying as I’d previously resolved that if I was going to get fat I’d do it eating really good food.
As a middle class white child I was told I could be anything I wanted to be when I grew up. My options were limitless. If I could dream it I could be it. If I wanted to be president of the free world, by golly I could do it. But you know what? I was given incomplete information. It was like showing up to a football game only memorizing half of the game plan. There are so many cool occupations out there that I was not informed of. As a small child people did not tell me there were options past nurse, doctor, lawyer, mommy. Let me clue you in on some really cool jobs that I missed out on because I was lied to as a child.
According to Rafferty, Todorovic worked for the shipping company that operated the lot, Nationwide Freight Systems, until three months ago.
Even though he's - politically, at least - dead and buried, Gordon Broon continues to do stupid, partisan things from beyond the grave. The latest piece of fuckwittery is his plan to make John 'two jags' Prescott a Lord.
While much of the criticism of how Bond regards and treats women stems from the films, there is one line in particular from the novels that regularly crops up in critiques, and which, so far as the accusers are concerned, lends weight to their argument. It's the closing line of dialogue from the debut Bond novel, Casino Royale (1953), where Bond is informing his superiors of the fate of Vesper Lynd, and it runs thus:
Then, it hit me! It was the title. Right at the top of the freaking page.
THE CREATION - IF I STAY TOO LONG
and holding you close here in my heart…..where it belong.
Joke around with her.
A reluctance
And maybe, without having to deal with all that corporate crap, editors will have a chance to spend more time doing what they really enjoy: editing. They will be able to work on challenging fiction, without having to get the nod from sales and marketing, and they will be able to help a writer grow, without worrying that poor sales figures for their first novel will see them cut loose.
While Habitat is not a "first responder" organization after a major disaster, there are employees and volunteers already in Haiti working on shelter issues and determining how best to help the millions of people in need.
My short-term goal is to eliminate all "unsecured" debt within the next 12 months. Beyond that, I'd like to be free of all on-going car payments within two years, and ten years from now, have a home that is completely paid for. Because then, we'll no longer be slaves to money.
The trainer must have sensed my unease, as he stepped forward to help us complete the transaction. While he patiently walked Marilyn through the proper process steps — take the money, look at the money, enter the amount in the register, etc. — his tone calmed us as well. We got our change, we got our candy, and we got the heck out of Kangaroo before the whole store turned on its head.
If this is the first solution for Red Bulls woes, then it will be interesting how the team develop from the V2.1 sidepod. Perhaps the tunnel will reappear in revised form or a McLaren style solution will be tried.
This is THE Best dish I have ever made.
I still have so much to get done on the down hill end.....
Would you go to bed with me?"
Don't give up.
Be sure to choose a fabric that is fairly soft and drapes well or your pickups won't look very nice. My sample is sewn from baby wale corduroy purchased last week at Joann Fabrics. Perfect for fall weather!
Stella sparkles! A lot! Even more so when there is tequila involved...
“Anime Expo has a long history of introducing the hottest, new musical acts to North American audiences by presenting their debut performances on our stages,” said Marc Perez, CEO of the Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation, the non-profit that produces Anime Expo. “This tradition continues in 2012 with LiSA who promises to thrill the Anime Expo attendees.”
The only thing about the pants I don't like is they have quite a bit of spandex---they stretched out but not back in so they felt very baggy after just a few hours of wear. Maybe I will take them to my mom for "surgery".
Way before I joined SCBWI, Margaret was already helping illustrator Anne-Marie Perks organize Illustrator Day - at the time, SCBWI British Isles held a conference for illustrators in the Spring and Writer's Day, a conference for writers in the autumn. When the two days were combined into one big conference, Margaret and I volunteered to become part of the conference committee.
Characters there are a bit too much of are Random Dent and Trillian, who has degenerated from a clever astro-physicist into some sort of Glenda Slagg. New characters include Hillman Hunter (like Ford Prefect - geddit?) who is a joke Irishman, a personage Colfer is well able to stereotype.
Crap! Why did I ever teach my kids that lying is bad?! I obviously never thought that one through. I glanced at her paper. Listed almost every day for breakfast was "a handful of Cheez-Its". Yeah, that's nutritious. Nothing gets your day started like highly processed, fake cheese flavored crackers. Vitamins? Nope. Minerals? Nah. Fiber? Not really. Protein? Notsomuch. Partially hydrogenated soybean and cottonseed oil with TBHQ, yellow #5, yellow #6, and monosodium glutamate? Check!
Today was my first graduation, since I was at Kalamazoo last year. It was nice. Everyone gripes about graduation, but I like the solemnity and ceremony of it, and I'm secretly fond of wearing my robes and hood. It made me feel like I was looking at our campus with fresh eyes again, and finding that the gloss hadn't quite worn off after all, in spite of everything I know now about budget cuts and internal politics and assessment madness and crumbling admissions standards. There's a deeper truth and value underneath it all, and it will endure long after we've forgotten about these ephemera.
Also used the close position popup to size the deal - something I'd wish I'd seen when I had the RIO deal going definitely would have reduced to 0.50
Good moring to everyone.
And that’s the problem along Cootes Drive as Royal Botanical Gardens workers erect fencing this week to try to reroute the slow-moving reptiles. The muddy ponds on the eastern side are perfect for hibernating, feeding and frolicking around. But when it comes to the business of continuing the species, well, that’s best done on the higher ground on the other side of the road where conditions are more sandy.
I need to know that I have your permission to give your email addy to Dean so that he can start sending you info re: our film project?? I’m really excited at the thought of you working with Dean and I to make this happen! (yay)
John Lodge- Bass/Guitar/Vocals
“Other people have actually got it, though one person who saw the show actually asked me: Why do you hate Stewart Lee? – I said: No! No! He’s a friend!
Action turned to ugly farce
Haven is 2 weeks old today! She is a really good baby so far. She doesn't cry very much and she only gets up once or twice a night to eat which isn't too bad. She is on a good 2 1/2 to 3 hour schedule right now and eats like a champ.
We received some lovely cupcakes in the post recently, unfortunately not the edible sort, but none the less it was a delicious package from Pinz Pinz Pinz. Pinz Pinz Pinz were established in June 2000 in London and are at the forefront of manufacturing and retailing hijab pins. They have the biggest collection of retail and wholesale hijab pins on the web claim to not only be of great value but also exceptional quality.
Believe it, it’s true!
The markets are fully aware that Greece, being insolvent, will eventually default. That’s why the interest rate on Greek three-year government debt recently soared past 100% and the yield on ten-year bonds is 22%, implying that a €100 principal payable in ten years is worth less than €14 today.
Ok, so then what’s my point? My point is that Creative won’t be the only place getting cuts… actually it won’t be any one or two singular departments. It’s a general agency cut to restructure the company in a way that might work if the world was an organized fun loving place, but I’ll maintain my skepticism on high alert because some of the things that are being suggested not only came out from the mind of a hack that’s always more interested in how to work less to earn more regularly dumping his work cache onto some schmuck that’s gullible enough to take his shit, and not only that, but some of the things suggested are borderline dreaming. What’s important about these changes though is not the random musings of a fuckwad with a God complex…. It’s the repercussions. There are people that are probably going to get cut that have been at that particular place over a decade and rest assured, I’m pretty certain that they will be unemployed in about four month’s time. Which brings me to my point.
Here is the order for the blog hop:
Mobility, speech, financial independence, these are the gifts I have worked for and given back to myself. That and way too many Haribo sweets.
Opening the book’s cover, she confronts a quest: save Dragonspeir from destruction by the Black Dragon before he utilizes power of August’s red moon to expand his strength and overthrow the opposing Imperial Dragon. Lyra accepts the challenge, fearing Cullen will perish if evil wins. Along with magical animal guides, Cullen helps her through many perils, but ultimately Lyra must use her own power…and time is running out.
This will be my wish for May.
I drove up from the crossroads. It was one hundred metres from the VG grocery shop on the corner. I knew that because I’d measured it with a measuring wheel from school when we were learning about measurements, units and maths. Then I could see the school railings. They comprised of a wall bricked up to about a foot high upon which were yard high gloss black railings each ending in a point.
Year-to-date (vs. YTD, 2008), total units sold have decreased by 64.7%, the average price of sold units has decreased by 34.71%, the average DOM has increased by 48%, the total dollar volume sold has decreased to the current 91.5%.
It turns out that permanent cosmetics are just cosmetic tattooing. I should have know that but I didn’t know that they aren’t only used by the lazies who don’t want to do their makeup. It’s also used for people who have lost their eyebrows due to a number of reasons including old age, alopecia, and chemotherapy, and for people with vitiligo. Cool info huh?
Well, I know I said on Saturday that i'd be back with my Cinco de Mayo card but I never got back to finishing it. I crawled back in bed Saturday afternoon for a nap.....ended up there till almost supper time! Then it was showertime and off to pick Kelsey up from work. Then we did make it to Edgar & Amy's Cinco de Mayo party but I went empty handed without my card. I am still gonna get it finished up and posted, I promise!
1/2 cup milk of choice (I used skim, you can use nut/soy milk to make these vegan)
and talked about for months.
I’m interested in funny stories, family stories, strong girl characters, stories with heart. Really, I’m open to anything, as long as it grabs my attention and won’t let go.
7. She has had a submission accepted for Clotheshorse magazine.
Music and audio playback
The best TV show ever, im watching it on Sky Atlantic now for the 6th or 7th time, i love it
It’ll do you damage, it’ll do you harm
I have been doing a lot of interval workouts combining cardio with weights. I like these workouts a lot because I rarely do them and it's been a pleasant change. The other great thing is that it allows me to fit more yoga in on the days in between.
Palmitic Acid – From fats, oils. Mixed with stearic acid. Found in many animal fats and plant oils. In shampoos, shaving soaps, creams. Derivatives: Palmitate, Palmitamine, Palmitamide. Alternatives: palm oil, vegetable sources. See also Fatty Acids.
We all had a grand time. But for some reason, I ended up holding court in my own little plush patent leather booth in the back, like Tallulah Bankhead, and people kept buying me Kir Royals (or else they kept magically appearing in front of me), but in either case, I kept drinking them. Must have been the blond hair, or the fake leopard fur coat, or both. People patted my hair and my coat.
Through the end of Monday, November 28, the fiction anthologies I've produced for NUELOW Games are on sale at a reduced price, what with it being "Cyber Monday" and all. This is also in celebration of the newly launched DriveThruFiction.com website, which is the exclusive outlet for NUELOW Games' pdf-format fiction anthologies.
Patiently waiting,
* I am seriously so overdue for a hair appointment! So much for getting a blue streak/feather for Autism Awareness month...its almost over!
Before this recent ice age, I made Quinoa Salad with Black Beans & Toasted Cumin Seeds from Isa Chandra’s Appetite for Reduction. Yes, still on this book. I love this book. (You’re probably bored with this book.) However if you like your salads to contain absolutely no greens then this is the salad for you.
the spirit
After the surgery, how long do you expect that Maddy will be in PICU? How long do you expect that she will be in the surgical ward? And how long will her recovery be? How soon after surgery is it safe for her to fly? (I realise that it is impossible to predict exactly how she will tolerate surgery, but in children with similar clefts/similar airways, what range should we expect?)
Fortunately, God had other plans. As I lay there attempting to get cozy enough to lull my exhausted self back to sleep, I found myself humming hymns to our baby, praying for people I hadn’t even thought of in months, and contemplating a potential plan to earn extra income after the birth of our baby. After making coffee and reheating my corn pillow heating pad, and realizing that attempting to fall back asleep for a mere 30 minutes was futile, I succumbed to my apparent refusal to sleep and got up out of bed.
Don’t let it stop you. Don’t let your “thing” define you or hold you back in any way. God makes no mistakes and he knew what he was doing when he created you.
Fellow garden bloggers....What are your experiences with mild winters and late frost/snow? Would love to hear your survival techniques!! Any other over protective Magnolia parents out there?
I was not happy. I felt cheated - I had rooted for this guy for two and a half hours (including very long ad breaks) and he dies at the end.
have chosen, for…..
And it sounds great too.
When I first listened to the first track off this three track offering I didn’t really like it but it had me bobbing my head in no time and the little musical scrap they have at the end is quite nice. Not a bad opener. Overall however, the voice is just one of those kinds of voices that sound as if they are straining and they don’t really do it for me. Track 2 The Window didn’t grab me at all to be honest and although the last track Last of the Old Men is musically pretty good, lines like “and then again that he just might be she, know what I’m sayin’ ?” just come across as trying to be too clever. The Hollow is what will be on today’s show. Here’s what Jackie had to say…
So Small Room stalwarts bookmark this new site PACIFIC SPLENDORLAND, and you will have my eternal* gratitude, or failing that, at least another bookmark on your toolbar. *(bookmarking suggestion non-mandatory/eternity relative to variable conditions/your mileage may vary)
The size of the pot is important here as you want your pasta to be able to roll around in the pot freely.
New Holland Ichabod Pumpkin Ale
Fetching my my fourth cup of coffee I was walking down the stairs and the bird building a nest in the roof fell inside. So I picked him/her up and shoved it back outside. This is filed under not my job to make sure birds don't fall into the house but since I was right there I figured I'd help out.
1- The fresher your herbs are, the best taste you will get in this recipe.
There, now that we’re all on the same page, the one thing that stands out above all of the talk of coffee machines, company vacations, massages, movable desks, working on what you want to work on, and overtime being a sign that things need to be reevaluated, is Valve’s idea of the ideal employee.
His arms protect the worlds.
I'm excited to hear that Mr. Logan is reaching out to athletes in this manner. This will be a good first step in addressing the needs of the athletes, who are truly the life blood of the sport. I look forward to hearing the outcome of this meeting.
Today is national baby day which means I’m going to provide you guys with some amazing facts about babies! Have you ever wondered the stats on how many babies are born? Well, down below are some awesome facts how frequent they’re born!
CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (CDC). Prevention and control of influenza: recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP). MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 1999; 50 (RR-4): 1-28.
Band: Various Artists
The characters are in the mead hall of their lord. While here before dinner they can use some courtly skills, if they wish. The Gamemaster should emphasize how different this setting is from the usual, by making the manners more earthy and the activities less refined. Dinner is served and the characters lay into their meat and mead, while telling stories of what they and their ancestors have done. Check Temperate to see how drunk the character is by this time.
Eazy.
01. Release
Mary Ann Miller, Associate Professor of English, Caldwell College, Caldwell, NJ, is calling for submissions of poems for a proposed anthology of contemporary American poems that contain references to one or more Catholic saints (excluding Jesus and Mary). Please read below for further description and guidelines. All e-mail submissions must be received at mmiller(at)caldwell.edu (replace (at) with @ in sending email) by 11:59 p.m. on Friday, June 1, 2012. The subject line should read: "saint poem(s)" GUIDELINES: * Up to 3 poems per poet will be accepted for consideration. * Each poem must be no longer than 3 pages. * The poems should NOT be historical poems, i.e. "lives of the saints" in modern idiom, written in the voice of the saint speaking in the first person "I," NOR should they be prayers addressing the saint in the second person "you." * Personae SHOULD be contemporary voices, male and female, from a variety of social, regional, and occupational circumstances. Voices of poems already selected from traditional research are speaking within very specific contemporary dramatic contexts, such as: a mother trying to get her newborn to fall asleep at 3 a.m., a man returning to a depressed coal town in western Pennsylvania after abandoning it to live elsewhere, a Native American child experiencing the pains of assimilation in a Catholic school, an older brother concerned about the kind of marriage his younger sister might make, a burn victim's compassion for a small child with whom he shares a hospital room, a woman holding the hand of her dying mother, a Hungarian Catholic woman whose marriage to a Jewish man causes her father's rejection, a woman doing laundry, a family moving out of their home, a disillusioned nurse whose back goes out from lifting so many bodies, a medical doctor struggling to inform a patient of his terminal illness, a friend of a gay person who died of AIDS, a friend of a woman who attempted suicide, a patron of a food pantry who finds money on the floor. * Poems of humor and irony are welcome. * Published and unpublished poems may be submitted. If published, please include all original publication information in bibliographic format at the end of the poem. * Send submission as a single-file Word attachment to mmiller(at)caldwell.edu (replace (at) with @ when sending email). The first page should list the poet's name, phone number, and e-mail contact information, a brief 4-line bio, and the titles of submitted poems. The poet's name should appear on each poem. * The editor will respond by e-mail to all submissions within a month of the submission deadline. * The editor is in the process of finding a publisher for this anthology and, therefore, cannot guarantee its publication. She is proposing a collection of approximately 50 poems.
Apparently, some of my fellow students were either hard of hearing, nearsighted or simply lousy aims.
To part 2 add abot 1/2 tspn of cardamom powder and pinch of yellow food colour to bring some difference in layers. Mix gently till well combined and
*If not knowing the portion size of a FILLING FOOD try the SETPOINTS, this is the number you see in parentheses in your pocket guide, dining out companion, e-tools, complete food companion, etc. To learn about how to use SETPOINTS check out pages 42-43 in your pocket guide, you will also find a list of foods that SETPOINTS can be used for. A plain baked potato is a great item to use this technique on, it is really hard to determine the portion size of a HUGE potato from McAllisters, Texas Road House etc. SETPOINTS takes the guessing away and you can enjoy that potato....remember to eat until satisfied not stuffed :-) (Remember to count extra for any toppings…the setpoints is just for the plain potato!)
RND 18: sc in each st around (24 stitches)
Prediction Seven: Edinburgh Council will have 5 – 7 women as councillors
I loooooooooooove horses! I have a webkinz pink pony, her name is Megan, I have a barbie horse named Skye, a Sherriff Woody doll to ride them, all I want to watch is horse movies( Like Wild Hearts Can't be Broken), and I found a great deal on a horse.
We fall,
Its fitting that Cliff covered the song that Clash bassist Paul Simonon penned with a knowing nod to the classic reggae gangster film The Harder They Come that made Cliff an international star. Its also telling that the song, which depicts feelings of discontent that were building in the U.K. in the early 80's due to heavy-handedness of the police (leading to the Brixton riots in 1981) was released the week riots once again exploded across London and other cities in the U.K. in 2011.
A cosy relationship between the ANC and organised labour, formed in their partnership against apartheid, has hampered apprenticeship programmes.
More cafts and sewing coming your way in November.
50. Restoring Harmony Joelle Anthony
But it is the gardens that are so incredibly spectacular, especially this time of the year with early summer spreading good vibrations. You can dawdle the entire day, the gardens are so enormous. I urge you to make a plan to visit there soon and make memories to cherish for a long time...Don't miss out!
Elyssa had her first sports day recently! Needless to say, I was excited as can be.
Doc: "Forgotten until I have to lecture you about picking up sports almanacs for gambling purposes."
The mandate to remain hopeful, which seems to abound in Christian churches these days, is and always has been a challenge for me. I am moody, often dark – sometimes a glass-half-empty type. I know I’m supposed to hope. I aspire to hope. I intend to hope. I hope to hope. And sometimes I can. Other times . . .
When I was little, I always thought it would be SO FUN to have a trampoline.
For a list of biodiesel stations around Wisconsin, go here (PDF). Remember, ANY diesel engine can use up to B20 biodiesel, so most of these stations can fuel any diesel truck or car. Here is a partial list:
Priority for this month - yes in order!!!
15 march - Zoo - Brisbane, Australia
Ah, the things that run through my mind late at night. ::checks time:: well, it’s not even that late at night. Only 10:30 now.
The Linebacker Corps. which have done a more than respectable job this season just took a big hit when we lost Clint Sintim for the rest of the season to yet another Big Blue injury. But Jerry Reese will address that like he has every other injury situation this year; effectively!
Virginia recalled that one of her sons, Valentino, who was retrenched from the hacienda after it encountered worker protests over a stock distribution arrangement in lieu of land distribution under the 1988 Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program (CARP), had gone to the hills and joined the New People’s Army.
To the Jews, nearly everything concerning this Paul was an offence. Now, he is claiming that God commissioned him. But where was he when he received the words from the Lord? Going back to Acts 22:17, he was in the temple, the holy place, the place of worship for the Jews. God did not tell this to him out in the country or in the seclusion of his home. He did it right there in the temple. That also was an offence to the Jews.
Melt the chocolate and drizzle on the cake and sprinkle the chopped roasted walnuts
While we were in Colorado in December, Pastor Murphy challenged the congregation to pray for 2 people for a month and see what the Lord would do. One of Steven and I's people were our neighbors. We were disappointed at our old apartment complex because during the entire month of January, we only saw our neighbors once. But we continued to pray... and I think the Lord is answering our prayers by giving us new neighbors to minister to!
POINTS2PONDER Why do we allow “life” to rob us of the joy of Christmas? Why can’t we still be a “kid” when it comes to celebrating Christmas?
The SCAR Project Cincinnati exhibit will debut on the heels of the Cincinnati Race for the Cure, on the cusp of breast cancer awareness month, and the AMerican Cancer society’s Making Strides Against Breast Cancer event. The opening night gala event will be at icketed event and will benefit a local cancer center and breast cancer research. The exhibit will be open for public bviewing throughout the weekend of Sept. 30 – Oct. 2 with general admission pricing and times TBA. There will also be private gallery tours with photographer David Jay, dates and times TBA. Tickets and info will be made available on the SCAR Project Cincinnati blog at www.thescarprojectcincy.blogspot.com.
Sorry no pics to post yet, just arrived at the hotel with Brandy (SparklingSugarSweets)
Be on the shelf, and words of trust will soon combust and break a new wave
Sorry to have gotten a little off track there . My simple question to you is this . Do you need the things you are buying with those coupons ? Are they healthy ? Do they fulfill a spot in your weekly meal plan ? Do you even have a meal plan before you hit the grocery store ? If you answered "No" to any of those questions , I suggest you sit down and take a long hard look at your income and outgo with both food and money . Do this with your spouse or significant other . We aren't very good at holding ourselves to commitments unless someone else is on board with us .
Drilon added that a favorable UNCLOS declaration would mean “increasing our territory from present 30 million hectares to possibly 43 million” with the inclusion of Benham Rise.
pearls and ribbon from stash.
I could stay here for at least another year doing work for other sections that at best maintain my career and at worst knock me off track by learning too much about an area of law I actively dislike. I can't get into too many specifics, but basically, my section is changing. People have left- for personal reasons, and the occasional firm-related reason- it's added up to a lot of people. Right now I'm the second most senior associate in my section. I've lost my mentors. We've gone from being a major player within the firm to feeling like more of a satellite team, lending support of cases centrally staffed outside our city. None of that is necessary bad, but I feel like my learning has slowed and my favorite parts of my job- interacting face-to-face with a group of super smart people, working on big cases involving big money and complicated legal issues- those opportunities are dwindling as the cases move outside my office. I gained some amazing experience working on a huge IP matter this year, but that was outside my section and outside the area of law I actually want to practice and, looking forward and seeing more IP opportunities than corporate litigation opportunities on the horizon, I felt I needed to make a choice: either jump in to IP with both feet and move downstairs and join that section, or leave this office or the firm generally to pursue corporate and securities litigation. I could coast along for another year, collecting paychecks and helping out with small roles on other matters, but I wouldn't be growing and that's what being an associate is supposed to be about. I don't want to interview somewhere as a potential 5th or 6th year and have gained no substantive experience since my 3rd year.
For anyone interested, I thought I’d make some musical recommendations for some music that has soundtracked the various ups, downs, ins and outs of the past 12 months or so. This is some of the music that has been playing non-stop for me and sustained me for long periods.
I need to start simple - so here is my list of daily must do's to start a on a better track of feeling better on a daily basis:
Bless us with self-control.
the kids were asked to bring notes to the staff and teachers.
And the actors at least do a good-enough job. Our drifting anti-hero Derr (whose name unfortunately sounds like it should be followed by derp but anyway) was actually an honest-to-goodness actor who found his way into a couple of Charlie Chan films, then graduated to such works as the George Stevens film Something To Live For, headlined that end-of-the-world epic When Worlds Collide, not to mention starring as Lamont Cranston (yes, The Shadow) in The Invisible Avenger, and also featured in such classics as Paul Newman thriller The Drowning Pool, Richard Gere sex-em-up American Gigolo and Clint Eastwood Commie shoot-em-up Firefox. He at least shows himself as able to emote well under the circumstances, smoking, sweating, sexing and slugging as called upon.
- “I just burned through this really great book called The Boss of You”
Of course it's the dead of winter, but I wanted strawberry shortcake. My dad always made the shortcake growing up, but I wanted to do a twist on his version and make individual cakes. However, to give a depth of flavor to the cake, I decided to add lemon zest into the batter. Strawberries and lemon are good friends, so they work beautifully together. Also, shortcake can be a little one note: sweet. Lemon zest adds an extra punch and deepens the flavor by cutting the sweetness.
Drain prunes from their soaking liquid, discarding the remaining liquid (or better still, drinking it). If your prunes have pits, slice them open with a small sharp knife and remove pit. Tear off enough marzipan to roll into a nugget that will fit inside the prune. Tuck the marzipan inside the prune, closing the skin over it. Repeat until you have a plateful of stuffed prunes.
* 12 Month Trailing Sales Growth (Current / 1 Quarter Ago) greater than their relevant Industry median (Looking for the top companies in their industries.)
Step out of your comfort zone and into a new level of portrait photography. Start by taking 100 portraits of people you don’t know, total strangers. We welcome both beginner and advanced photographers. You may be new to photographing strangers or already have experience with this type of photography. Regardless, everyone is encouraged to take up the challenge.
There are three grades of devotees, namely the
a) happier or sadder? About the same
Despite the fun-ness of Keep Me Posted, however, I'd rather, on balance, have a Post Office.
Like any party, you need directions to get there. There are two routes that you can take:
Often interpreted liberally by Western modern yogis, Bramacharya is the abstention or restraint principle. As householders (rather than monastics) Bramacharya, or the conservation of our life force, is not a very practical practice in its literal form- celabicy. The concept of Brahmacharya is not a moral compass, but rather a guiding principle for choices regarding creative and creation energy.
I am in Florida this week, enjoying the warm weather and my family. Today I have a quick project to show you that I finished up before we left. When I was preparing for our trip, I had one item looming on my to-do list that I HAD to make sure that I got to-
In the 80s, fast bowlers bowled fast and short, aiming outside the off stump. Waqar Younis said, “To hell with that” and bowled full, aiming at either the base of the stumps (read: clean bowled) or the batsman’s feet (read: broken ankle). It earned him unprecedented success and made him the youngest to take 200 Test wickets with the best strike rate for any bowler with these many wickets (a record later stolen by Dale Steyn). Waqar took 4 or more wickets in an innings a phenomenal 50 times in 154 innings in Tests and 27 times in 258 innings in ODIs. Considering he had to share the bowling workload with the likes of Imran, Wasim and Saqlain, this is a mighty impressive record.
Shoes – you don’t need wide fitting shoes. I suppose I should count myself lucky that I can wear any type of shoes because I was blessed with my father’s thin ankles and thin feet. Here they are!
Edited by air force officer J. D. Smith, a cofounder of the underground LGBT military organization OutServe, Our Time is a collection of remarkable depth and diversity. We witness the abuse-physical and mental-endured at the hands of fellow soldiers and superiors. We see the hardships faced by their families and partners and feel the pain of the choice between military and self. There are also examples of humanity at its very best: leaders with the courage to support their comrades in the face of tremendous pressure, friendships forged and minds opened, and love that endures the very toughest of odds.
That’s basically everyone I follow who posts regularly. Oops. I ought to follow more people.
YAMAMOTO
In this exercise neither Zanu-PF nor the Arthur Mutambara group have anything to offer, except to try and not be spoilers.
Difference between vectors and scalars- Addition and subtraction of vectors, Multiplication of vectors – Dot product, cross product, Triple product – Integration of vectors, Line, Surface, Volume integrals- Differentiation of vectors – Physical significance of Gradient, Divergence, Curl and their mathematical derivation, Flux of vectors, Physical meaning of Gauss divergence theorem and Stokes Theorem and their mathematical proof. Cartesian, Spherical and cylindrical co-ordinate system.
Skip received his last chemo dose three weeks ago. When he gets surgery, he’ll have been off chemo for five weeks. This makes us nervous. We hate the idea of giving the tumor a chance to grow back, but the doctors aren’t nervous at all about it. They’ve been telling us for months that we could stop the chemo at any point because they are certain it wouldn’t blow up again like it did before. As his parents, we simply can’t feel that certain. I’m trying to just trust both the “experts” and God that another two weeks off chemo won’t matter much. Not simple. I’m always reminding myself of what Christopher Robin says, I am braver than I believe and stronger than I seem.
He then further twists the constitution by saying: “...to this end the property clause therefore does not require expropriation of land in accordance with the “willing-buyer willing-seller” principle. Nor does it require the payment of market value for that land in all circumstances.”
Lately I've been a little away from the internet. We moved to a hamlet house, then had to move back... LONG story. But we're back in our lovely apartment and to be honest I couldn't be happier!
Peacocks scream, accidents happen - some serious, people go missing, murders are attempted or achieved and Eva is no nearer to solving the crime of her own death. Her grandfather and Cora are in hospital and her only allies are unlikely ones: the local twins, Kyra and Kyle and the spiteful ghost Maggie. They, with very little help from outside, are pitted against the evil of the Witch-ghost and of a very flesh and blood human murderer.
There’s a voodoo shop a few doors down. The smell of incense billows out. I’ve been in there before. There’s a big sign about not touching the shrine. I don’t believe in Voodoo, but I certainly don’t touch anything!
Accessories: Sizzix Big Shot, Nestability dies, sewing machine, Baker's twine, button, silver brads
The fact that the administration deemed it appropriate to Jake to be pulled out of Spanish to be tutored for Biology just plays into Jake's theory that Spanish is not important. Why would the do that? Sigh. Good job, administration.... That school is on my nerves today anyway for losing my child.
Dates: Jul 1-Aug 17; Age/Grade Range: 1st-12th grade
Oh. Right. I'm in the wrong section.
I really did have a great weekend . I had to serve in the nursery for the second service on Sunday , so we got up early to make it to the first service at 9. Throughout the two hospital stays that my son had this month and my husband being home with him for two weeks , my son of course has gotten super attached . Not that he wasn’t attached to us before , but he could be independent from us . He , as yet, hadn’t gone through a separation anxiety phase. Well , it’s here. Most people will tell you that children will go through that after having been really sick or something like that has happened. Last week was his first week back to daycare and he did very well. The anxiety only shows up every once in a while. This Sunday ,they had moved him up to the next stage class, now that he can walk well and keep up with the older kids, 2-3 yrs old. He had had a crabby morning to start with ,and being left in childcare for church in a whole new room was just too much. We didn’t make it to the offering before his # came up on the screen. My husband , his name is Josh , made a beeline for the door to go get him . They sat on the couch in the foyer for service. So I sat and enjoyed service by myself.
Sullivan has cancer. Again. This time, it’s worse than before. There’s not much I can do other than offer medicine that frees him from pain and love him. “Don’t baby him. Don’t spoil him – or – no more than you already do. He’s a working dog – he’s smart, he reads people, and he will catch on. He’s going to adjust to the medications and be back to his ole self within a couple of weeks.” As I listened to the veterinarians, somehow, I began looking for the beautiful. I needed it, and Sullivan needed me to find it quickly. Sullivan has been cancer free for 18 months. How beautiful to be given the past 18 months and a 1-3 month heads up when entering round two.
Pram-face - Rude name for teenage mother
I had done a post last year on the different series that I follow, and I thought I should revisit that subject and see how I'm doing. Short version: I'm not doing so great at completing series that I've already started, especially since several of them have already added new books since I last checked, and I've actually started following a few more... *facepalm*
Dr. Grumpy: "Have a seat and let me look at your chart... So I saw you last week and started you on Mariokart. I'm surprised to see you back in less than a week. Was there a problem?"
Container specifies how different data elements and metadata coexist in a computer file or stream
Just for simply being so special
Like a revised tutorial on how to make the big "brass" KW urchin...
My children are my blessings. I am trying hard to learn to be a "letting go" parent as they get older and let them find their path, tough as that is. Being their mom has been an awesome responsibility and a blessing to be part of their lives. The road isn't always an easy one, but their love makes it worth it.
Combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in the bowl of a mixer; whisk to blend. Add the remaining buttermilk and butter to the dry ingredients and with the mixer on low speed, blend together. Raise the mixer to medium speed and beat until light and fluffy; 2 minutes.
This morning at the market, I bought a big handful of these mustard greens. Before making the purchase, I must have been looking at them strangely, because the vendor insisted that I taste a leaf. So, I did. At first it just tasted like a salad, but after chewing a little, a strong mustardy flavor was released. I'm not sure how I'm going to use these greens, so if anyone has any suggestions, they would be most welcome.
Life and exhilaration
champagne vinegar
No. 1 Chicago Bulls vs. No. 8 Philadelphia 76ers
Fellow Republicans, it is the cause of Republicanism to resist concentrations of power, private or public, which enforce such conformity and inflict such despotism. It is the cause of Republicanism to ensure that power remains in the hands of the people. And, so help us God, that is exactly what a Republican president will do with the help of a Republican Congress.
These changes are significant, but there is still great potential for further historic interpretation development. One of the greatest interpretive challenges that plantation sites in Charleston continue to face is what scholars Jennifer L. Eichstedt and Stephen Small describe as “segregation of knowledge,” where African American history tours, while informative, remain largely separate from tours in the house and gardens. The reasons for this range from tour time constraints to the challenge of asking guides and visitors to confront that the white elite wealth portrayed in the architecture and landscapes of plantation houses and gardens came from coerced African American skills and labor. The relationships between Euro Americans and African Americans on plantation sites both during and after slavery ranged widely, but while individuals across races certainly influenced each others’ lives, and even collaborated at times, their interactions always took place within a painfully unequal racial hierarchy.
And all of these will be feeding into the Facebook pages and Twitter feeds for flash365, so if you already follow those, you need do nothing to get all this extra flash-fiction joy!
I really can't say enough nice things about how organized the folks at Holasek are!
I breathed a sigh of relief. It wasn't you, and I don't know how I would've reacted if it was. Hopefully, that unintentional doppelganger is as close I'll ever get.
It’s been brewing for many years. I had the idea – of a novel where I would write alternatives and then toss a coin to “choose” which to go with – about 15 years ago, and started to write it (differently) but got waylaid. But I never forgot about it and eventually found the right story for it. (I think!) What made me want to write this story eventually was that I got to the point where I couldn’t not. I told my agent that I’d be presenting her with something very different, very risky, and possibly unpublishable, but that I was going to write it anyway even if it wasn’t published. I also specifically didn’t want a contract at first, until I knew that it was working.
I say The Beginning of the Great Revival “seemed” to be a very good film because, alas, despite opening and closing titles with English translations, the actual two-hour long historical epic turned out to be in Chinese with Chinese subtitles.
You know, there was an old adage when I lived in NYC that you couldn't have it all, you could have an apartment & a job, but not a boyfriend, or a boyfriend & a job, but not an apartment. Maybe that's it. Maybe because I have a great husband & a great job, I can't have a hot bod. I don't know. Maybe I just need to eat less ice cream.
When I put up the iMarissa post on Sunday, I completely spaced out and forgot to link up to the video that Shannon sent me in her e-mail about the experience.
The game went through dozens of different formats and refinements until the final balance of luck and tactics was arrived at. MOC Games was then formed to take the game into full production. Experienced game manufacturers were found in the USA and China to deliver the metal, plastic and laminate parts needed to ensure a quality product.
Click on the Thumbnails to Buy the Kit.
Building fires were even more dangerous in those days than they are now, and the Driskill was promoted as being practically fireproof. Indeed, in the original part of the hotel, each wall, floor, and ceiling has several inches of concrete filled into it, so that if a fire managed to break out in one room, it might consume the flammable contents of that room, but would have difficulty spreading to another room.
Brendan Behan died in 1964 from alcohol and hard-living. Donleavy, who once seemed to be heading down the same torturous path, is now 85 and ensconced in an anchoretic, prudent lifestyle within a crumbling Georgian edifice in viridescent Ireland. A tall, graceful, beguiling and uncommonly handsome man, with a hoary lattice of beard, he still looks every sartorial inch the noble literary acolyte renowned for elegantly tailored three-piece suits and handmade brogues. Years ago, when asked about writing, Donleavy simply said, “I knew I had to write.” Describing his own youthful arrogance as “gross stupidity,” he added, “I had incredible nerve. What happens, I think, with a feverish desire is that the imagination will supply for that desire an impetus so that it can be carried out.” I guess he’s living proof of his own prophesy. Later, speaking of New York as a source of inspiration Donleavy proffered: “There are tiny little incidents that happen in New York, that take five seconds to happen…I’ll take that incident and make it into a real story.” One assumes that that’s exactly how A Fairy Tale of New York materialised, but its verve, and its bawdy, riotous spirit has me convinced otherwise – there must have been some thought in it, some meditation in its brilliance.
Fort Knox gold audits have been secret for 25 years, and no full audit at all has been conducted since the early 1960s. The last President even allowed into the place was Harry Truman 61 years ago. Ron Paul wants to pass a Bill demanding a full public audit pretty much every year, and during the hearing two days ago, he grilled federal officials at length about their problems with the idea.
Anyway, here is what I did yesterday:
The Magicians of Caprona
-The pockets stick out a little funny, but I almost think they're supposed to. Either way, it gives me a bit more hips, so also not a big deal.
Lugs yawning
The second option that I really considered was a herringbone pattern ... something that always makes me happy when I see it in design! I was especially inspired by these images from deco pad that look very sophisticated and well traveled.
As the four families represented at the airport chatted away about the precious new addition to our group, it occured to me that before long we'll be doing the same at Cora's homecoming. I have to admit that throughout this entire processs I've never felt further away from Cora than I did the moment it hit me that it will be MONTHS before I'm standing in that airport with her. It didn't last long...in fact the feelings came and went within our brief time at the airport...but it was there. For a few minutes my heart was heavier than it's ever been through this journey. And in those moments I just felt like giving up.
Esther Satterfield - Vocals
India, Pakistan and Bangladesh, and
Nestle the bunnies and chicks just under some hand cut paper grass (trimmed like fringe) or die cut grass border.
Goldie is such a great heroine - bold and impatient, smart and independent. Even when she gets into a seemingly hopeless situation, it doesn't take long before she snaps back into place and starts thinking of a way around it. With the four Keepers of the museum, I hope that there is more backstory in the next book. While we do get to see them a lot, we don't actually know an awful lot about any of them. Snippets of the past are indicated, but aren't fleshed out and are instead given a backseat while the action plays out.
02 Pass Pass 11:41
When you have that feeling, "I wish there was something I could do..." You can! Don't think of it as, "It's not personal, I want to bake a meal, make a blanket, etc..." Not that those things aren't lovely and I am sure appreciated, but right now, a meal won't help Linda pay for the gas to get her and the girls to their GIRLS WEEKEND destination, it won't touch the medical expenses. It is the most personal gift you can give right now. And pair that gift of money with PRAYER - that's the perfect gift!
R eturning once again, surprise!
Beaver Pond/Wildlife: A beaver has definitely been at work in this backwater area of the lake. I didn’t see any trees that had been recently cut down by the beaver nor did I see the beaver’s dam, but the results of the animal’s work are on full display. Most notably, what was once a walkway designed to carry hikers over a boggy area is now a floating “bridge” across the beaver’s pond. In a couple of places, the bridge is submerged in a couple of inches of water. As I walked through these sections, I looked down to see minnows streaming around my boots. Also, I found the bridge rolled like a fun house walk, if I stepped too far to either side of it. I saw lots of wildlife in this area, including a family of wild turkeys, rising up through the underbrush at my approach. (Approximately 20 minutes walking time from Church Street parking lot.)
I spent around $11 on my supplies and here is what I came up with.
7) To sever all academic links with Israeli institutions that don't oppose the continued occupation of Palestine.
EV7 - Dolly Dots - Radio / Please Stay (May 1980)
Usually, I accept magazines from Jehovah’s Witnesses, but I throw them away after they are no longer within view. This time I only threw away one, which was about family life, and I kept the other one, which was more about their theology and the basics of their belief system.
Through sounds the same as threw and thru – but not a word like trough, which has the same spelling pattern, and hardly looks any different . . . especially for a little guy who likes to look at the first letter and then guess all of the rest (because the letters are dancing around).
All these events together created a massive complex of systematic - often gradual - discrimination. As a result of these abuses and violent acts, the Jewish communities were liquidated in two ways: expulsion, as in Egypt, Iraq, Libya, and Algeria, or exclusion, as in Tunisia after independence, Morocco (1956-1961), Syria-Lebanon (after 1947), Turkey (1923-1945), Yemen, and Iran (1950s and 1970s).
flame eternal like a dance of the mystical
You think any alcoholics have ever brought in their peepee and poopoo after a night of binging on Gold Schlager? ... Too far? I’m just thinking that that would certainly be unwanted gold.
As the bad things are done.
For simplicity, the laws are divided into following groups:
2. Simply leave a comment below says "Enter Me"
Finally, to deal with my thoughts, I have a favorite Scripture verse that I pray:
They have also passed 120,000 EU regulations; the 10% enforced so far have closed scores of thousands of businesses, from village petrol stations, to big industries like the Rover Car Co, to post offices (EC-9767). When fully enforced most of Britain’s 4.5 million small businesses will have closed, and most of their 13.5 million workers will be unemployed.
Shirt:: Levi's store...I think? Not sure. I recently just dug it up from the bottom of my closet.
"see if it looks as if it had been built by strong men; if it has the sort of roughness, and largeness, and nonchalance, mixed in places with the exquisite tenderness which seems always to be the sign-manual of the broad vision, and the massy power of men who can see past the work they are doing, and betray here and there something like disdain for it. If the building has this character, it is much already in its favour; it will go hard but it proves a noble one"
Many years ago now, I was reading the book ‘Legion’ by William Peter Blatty (Who also wrote ‘The Exorcist’). One particular episode in the novel struck me, even at a young age. The main protagonist Detective Kinderman and his protégé, on-the-fly come up with a fictitious bizarre case between them in front of another detective. When the other detective looks disgustedly at them and leaves the room Kinderman turns to Atkins and says. “The man hears no music”.
There is an impossible wall keeping me on the outside, a dark and gloomy shadow cast by this wall that keeps me from the sun and the warmth I need.
Jacques Dutronc and the Bolan Boogie, the Heavy
In addition to members' individual service, the general organization of the church itself focuses, in large part, on charity. With 10% tithing and other financial offerings from church members, the Mormon church funds and operates one of the largest welfare organizations in the world. It distributes food and other necessities to members (and non-members) who cannot provide for themselves and their families. Through the work of volunteers, the church also makes available educational and employment services to those in need. It organizes massive relief efforts for victims of natural disasters worldwide. It sponsors humanitarian projects for the disadvantaged. Clearly, if anything can be said for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints it is that it is a religion of service.
Massive Attack & S. Nelson Unfinished sympathy UK
P.S. On a side note, if I was a Nephilim girl born from one of the twelve Dukes (for the seven deadly sins plus a few additional ones)... I'd probably be a glutton for books, if that's possible! x)
I think these stocks are getting more and more interesting by the day, so here goes a few more insights into what’s happened, mostly on an entirely technical basis.
The pair switched it on and the boy's arm was caught between the revolving drum and the frame — before being ripped off.
getting deeper and the neighbours begin to get suspicious. Laurence becomes desperate not to let Jay be taken into care, even resorting to stuffing a bra and putting on a wig to pretend his Mum’s there.
It started by joining the hulls, as misaligned as they were, and using Aves to smooth out the seams along the bottom. It got the heavy sanding treatment to get a nice smooth ship’s bottom kind of surface. I also spent a number of hours drilling out the portholes and shaping the rows of the rectangular windows on the upper decks.
The second-half brings few obvious signs of improvement. Comrades then bring on a beanpole midfielder, who opens the scoring with fifteen minutes left. Various opportunities to clear our lines are missed, and the Comrades substitute, who had run from deep, hooks the ball well over Jones' head. By this time, we too had made both of our substitutions - bringing on Paul Andrews and Daniel Esfandiari - and reverting to a back three of Kristian Hewitt, Ryan Hurst and Dan Allen. Despite the change of both personnel and formation, an equaliser seems unlikely. The game is stretched, we looked tired and defeat seems inevitable.
And I's feeling nearly as faded as my jeans.
This pages contains a regularly updated bibliographical list of New Zealand authors, now and historic, and their novels that could happily sit within the wider crime, mystery, suspense and thriller category. Last updated 27 February 2012.
The bits I like – the pockets, the princess seams (MUCH better fit, I suck at darts) and even the sleeves were nice, after I sorted out my machine’s tension issue… I also used the instructions for sewing a facing to the zip from the Colette Sewing Handbook – I love the finish on this, it’s my new favourite thing!
and since the boy makes it hard to volunteer in the classroom,
Nowadays everyone knows the background music of “Nessun Dorma” from Puccini’s Turindot – it was almost as important as Gazza’s tears in reviving English football through the Italia 90 World Cup, but at this time no one outside of opera aficionados had heard of it.
Maybe it’s about flowing with life. Letting go of the resistance and allowing it to happen, to come into your life. Alan asks us to let it happen in the second part, but maybe it’s in the moving piece too, the lining up. Makes sense that there’s a certain amount of letting go involved in getting in line.
Phivolcs also said it was expecting aftershocks and some damage caused by the earthquake; however, as of posting, no damage had been reported.
"Then why are you crying?
Caution! Aspartame is now being replaced in many products by sucralose (Splenda, E955) and/or Neotame (E961), but these sweeteners are also highly toxic!
or maybe don't think too hard about *some* of the things you buy.
What I Miss: We went out this past weekend to a Halloween Party on Friday..and I actually met two other Ladies who were preggo! It was great!! Today, they had Pumpkin Races!! Soo much fun!!! Click here to see what I mean! Still, I missed going to San Diego with my friends and getting all dolled up!!!! :(
So I had to laugh when I received this card from a sweet customer, Sharon Taylor:
It’s not my fault I feel this way. It is the Minotaur.
I discovered that it's fun to let go and allow other artists to take my work and play with it. Sean, the playwright, the lyricist, the composer, and the actors have made my books into something bigger than I envisioned. So, it's also humbling.
Now Pastor Baker made this point so well last night that I get to skip several pages of Scriptures that he’s already read to you. I just want to remind you that the Scriptures are full from first to last of the imagery and language, the metaphor, of battle.
I can’t change my mold,
CROSSED (MATCHED #2) – ALLY CONDIE
Teetering on the bipolar
1 stalk chinese celery (slice thinly)
I was absolutely aware that she was granting me a privileged view. I had no right to see this sweet, private pleasure, yet she was allowing it, giving me the present of her nakedness. What I gave in return at that moment was my desire, intoxication, even reverence for the pleasure she was capable of.
she brings love and beauty to all that adore her,
I also got my order from Vistaprint today. Hooray! I ordered business cards for the Newtown Arts Company, as well as made new ones for myself and my design work. I got a free pen, and a super cheap stamp for me to stamp on my projects (as I can't seem to find my custom stamp I got a while back, ever since we moved to our current digs). I also got some labels to put on the envelopes of cards I make.
Cube stew meat into 1.5” squares. Season liberally with thyme, sage, rosemary, salt and pepper.
Democracy, hip-gyratin' music and priest-baiting are particular signs that the West is finished. Perhaps a military dictator might help. Spengler wasn't sure, and took two volumes a decade apart to say so.
and Gruene Hall for music & dance.
I used my favorite all-butter pie crust recipe (2 1/2 cups flour, 1 tsp sugar, 1 tsp salt, 2 sticks butter, and ice water - so easy! It's also great for chicken pot pie.). When closed, one side of the mold acts like a cookie cutter to cut out a piece of pie crust for the bottom of the heart, and the other side cuts out the piece for the top of the heart.
The rising costs, declared Gargano, made it vital that the project be approved expeditiously. There’s likely another reason; his patron, Governor George Pataki, surely wants to preside over a groundbreaking ceremony before he leaves office at the end of the year.
I could still use it but I had to hold it together while I brushed my hair and it was a huge pain. Nevermind the fact that I had just bought it! I was annoyed and not very happy that I had to go back to the store and spend more money on another brush when the one I had was practically brand new.
placed on shelves. I should have joined the Air Force. In the back I found an
Interesting that he doesn’t ask if the situation is explainable in a situation where Io is much older. But anyway…
The metaphor is adapted here in John 15 and applied to the disciples as a New Israel. The owner if the vineyard is still God, but Jesus develops the idea of the vine in much more detail than the Hebrew Bible. The vines and branches have an intimate relationship – there is no life for the branch apart from the vine, it must remain in the vine in order to have life.
But I may never see you again so I have to do what I have to do.
Here I am on Christmas morning, drinking coffee and having cookies for breakfast while Vlad the Wonder Boy sleeps. He's obviously still on college time. I expect to see the whites of his eyes sometime around 2 p.m. But I'm not complaining... after all, he's the one who went out into the wilderness and bagged us a Christmas tree on Sunday.
My Top Three:
I have been on a diet for all of 2012 pretty much, but I had a paczki this morning - lemon filled. And it was delicious. But as far as putting the FAT in Fat Tuesday is concerned, I'm not stopping there. Oh no. One paczki is not enough. I'm also going to a restaurant tonight called "Blimpy Burger", a locally famous burger joint that I've never been to because as far as I see it, the name contains a warning.
In most cases all you need to do is give fluids and simple pain-killers until the rash disappears.
“I have a faint idea why they are doing this” I say.
Yesterday was kind of a crazy day, lots of running around and then a huge life change got thrown my way, so, to say that it was a mess, would be an understatement.
“For I am gentle and humble in heart”
To make this card, I have used an 8"x8" card blank, 2 12"x12" papers from the DCWV The Immortal Love collection, my favorite stamp from Sugar Nellie, a Letraset fine liner pen, a rub on sentiment, black and white self adhesive pearls, some paper string, flourishes cut out using dies from Marianne Design and a flower and butterfly from my stash.
