Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease bottoms only of two round pans (8 or 9-inch) with shortening. Line pans with waxed paper. Grease top of waxed paper and sides of pan; lightly flour. Mix cracker crumbs, sugar and melted butter in medium bowl. Spread 2/3 cup of mixture in each pan
“Cuál Volcán? Tungurahua?
Winners will be announced Wednesday 6th July
Don't forget that if you play along you could with a $20 gift certificate to the SPS store! There is a total of $60 worth of GC's to give out - one for each challenge so if you play in all three you increase your chances of winning!!!
Tim Southee / Jeetan Patel (pitch allowing)
7) Salt to taste - (Please note that the light soya sauce is already very salty)
- Dominique
Me (laughing): Um. Hello. Cartoon?
We didn't see any fireworks this weekend.
She loved him. If true love truly exists, then she loved him, and she pretended that he loved her. It makes life easier when you can feign another’s affection, which she had to do because her love lived in fantasy. She had never met him. Never had the two of them had a conversation. Their eyes had never met, not even in passing had they glanced at each other. No mutual friends had told her about him. In actuality, she held no ideas as to what he looked like (other than a drawing that might have approximated his appearance).
The world of National Junior College Athletic Association men’s basketball is on hiatus right now with the long college break.
Edit: I was able to track down a prope cover for the War Song Demo.
It wasn’t that I wasn’t forewarned about the chilling story. The blurb clearly warned about murder, lies, suspense and suspicious meat lockers. But being the eternal happy-go-lucky optimist that I am, I really didn’t expect to get embroiled in ‘Murder on the High Seas!’
The Forum
What I’m trying to say is that you need to pray to God and have him help you decide in your decision for a career choice. Personally, I am considering a major in Math and Science with a focus on Electrical Engineering, but if God doesn’t want me to go in that direction for my life, he will close doors preventing me from doing that.
this year i pulled some greens from the yard to make
Whilst digital royalties have captured the headlines recently, numerous artistes have taken their record labels to court to get royalty payments. In 2002, a Los Angeles court approved a $4.75 million settlement in a class-action suit brought by the late singer Peggy Lee. Before her death, Peggy Lee led the suit against Decca Records, accusing the record label of using questionable accounting practices to cheat artists out of their royalties for more than four decades. Other members of the class, most of whom are now dead, include the estates Louis Armstrong, Billie Holiday, Patsy Cline, Ella Fitzgerald, Bill Haley, Mary Martin, and Pearl Bailey, in total more than 300 artists, all of whom recorded for Decca Records before January 1, 1962 and now Toto have now launched a new action against Sony.
Now, on to how I can possibly call this movie, even if we’re all accepting that it’s bad, the Worst Movie of All Time.
“Hmm,” I thought to myself. “She’s getting really tall.”
“Elber Albaz has debuted his childrenswear collection for Lanvin. The twenty five piece collection features a beautiful line of separates, dresses and a few select accessories. Washed organza and pleated tulle form pretty dresses, adorned with delicate crystals and satin ribbon. Other highlights include a silk taffeta trench coat with beaded sleeves, frou frou tiered skirts, and T-shirts featuring a heart, created using technicolour pompoms. The line is for girls aged 4 to 10 and will be available come November 2011.” – Ella Alexander
There are
This increase is driven by both private and state universities and colleges. For state schools the most immediate cause is clear, we are shifting the burden of the cost of college to students themselves and away from the public:
But I console myself with the fact that, of my two children, one is vastly interested in politics and even pauses in her day to day life to debate political issues with me.
I reckon that if there had been time to ask, a straw poll of audience members would have revealed an above-average number of smart phones, days spent working with technology or applying it creatively, people with hobbies about which they were passionate and a higher-than-usual collective IQ.
Fast forward five years, while now a teacher, spending countless hours teaching my children how to write and love writing, I realized all the passion I had has yet to truly be put on paper or typed. I would say time got away from me, or when I had time I was pressed to just make a Dear Jesus journal entry. *I’d like to think God and I are pen pals. We write letters often, I do most the writing nowadays. *meaning He talks, I transcribe. It’s a pretty legit experience.
First, thank you to everyone who commented there, your rational comments snapped me out of it and back into me. I am not that whiny pitiful person, but I do think and feel that way at times. It is painful.
Her mother is also blissfully unaware of the slow embezzlement taking place beneath her nose or the sell-down negotiations for Jake’s assets. It’s been a long time since anyone paid her the attention that Ron does, and she’s rendered blind by misguided trust as the cowl of romance prevents insight. She’s only too happy to finance his ‘business ventures’, share her passwords as well as her bed. Simone has never ‘done’ being alone very well. She’s meek and naive and trusts him
The Bhupinder Singh Hooda government in Haryana hired these top lawyers after it was faced with the prospect of being reduced to a minority in the assembly, following a Punjab and Haryana high court verdict in December last year, detaching the five MLAs from the assembly. The MLAs had joined Congress after defecting from HJC, led by Bhajan Lal’s son and Hisar MP Kuldeep Bishnoi. While Rohinton, son of eminent jurist Fali S Nariman, is the solicitor general of India, Vahanvati is the attorney general of India. The bill is likely to rise with other legal eagles, like former solicitor general Gopal Subramanium and senior advocates Rajiv Atma Ram and Mohan Jain, yet to send their details for appearing in the high court.
All eyes are on Abbotsford — one of the fastest growing cities in Canada. Live here at The Crossing and you’ll be at the epicentre of a dynamic city packed with outstanding recreational and lifestyle options. And while Abbotsford’s urban style is fuelling a red-hot real estate market, you’ll still find lots of small town charm and quiet country ways. For the attention you deserve, connect with The Crossing…coming this Fall!
“The palm oil industry is simply a few powerful and greedy people making vast amounts of money at the expense of the many,” Mr Cocks said.
But I'm so good at it........
Patrons may not have to hand over their wallets, but they do have to surrender their arteries, we realise, as the South American street food menu plays into heavier oilier territory with more influence from Colombia than Mexico.
ANGELA: Please stop it, you know. There’s no reason to do this. Because it’s, it’s not necessary. She is going to have a tough life, with all these children. She is going to be punished. She believes in God so, you know, God is gonna take care of all this.
SCREEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMM
Patterned Paper: Freebird by Authentique
As Pickerell explained, "This was a particularly challenging opportunity in that we had to invent and build a relatively efficient means of hand-separating the grain solids from the liquid between the mashing and fermenting operations, using items that would have been generally available in the late 1700s. That is a major difference between the whiskey production process in the U.S. and Scotland. In the U.S., we generally tend to leave the grain in during fermentation and distillation."
Doesn’t matter.
Summer is finally here in Rapid City! There were some days of heavy rain ('hydro-bliss', as I termed it), which was rather a pain. I generally love rain, more so, because RC is a dry place- some rain is really a bliss. But, only some; not thunderstorms. Last weekend saw heavy flash-flood warning flashing across all television channels. It also did interrupt the Lakers-Celtics finals game # 5. That was an awesome game. I was rooting for Lakers, but Boston did well to satisfy the home crowd to get a 3-2 lead in the NBA finals. How much I wish I was like Coby, but I am happy the way I am. Anyway, today's game 6 belonged to the LA Lakers- every bit of it. It was a substantial defeat and Coby's men will sleep happily tonight.
Next year, when I am in 3rd grade, I am going to use Heather Renz's poetry unit plus the set up of what I used this year and combine them into a poetry folder. Each student will have a poetry folder to keep special poems they read and write as well as any other valuable information that pertains to studying poetry. This is similar to what my cooperating teacher did when I student taught and I really liked that they had one folder only for poetry stuff. I really think that the folder idea will work well and will be easy to use for a 15 minute mini lesson that I try and include in my workshop a few times per week.
All this combined with the fact I was terrified of the thing tipping off the back of the truck while I was in there and suffocating me in crap, made porta potties my absolute number one fear. I spent way too much time in them on that trip, and never ever ever ever again. I will pee on the side of the road before I enter one of these.
This is my first post with a design "wall"! Well, it's not actually a wall, but a floor covered with a sheet since I have baking soda on my carpets and want to leave it on ALL day before I vacuum, but I really wanted to write this post and did not want to wait. (I know it is a run-on sentence, but that is how I usually talk, and really fast when I'm excited) Remember my hexagons that I started cutting here: http://missyscakesandaprons.blogspot.com/2012/04/cutting-hexagons.html ? I have been hand piecing them together. I decided to go with the traditional method of just sewing them together instead of using paper piecing. I think next time I will try the paper piecing for a crisper look though.
Located in Rancho Dominguez, Calif., FMF is an industry leader in aftermarket exhausts for all types of motorcycles. The brand has had strong ties to motocross since its early days in the 1970s. Now, four decades later, FMF is taking the next step in its support of the sport.
I know of individuals who have been unable to leave their homes for work, recreation or appointments.. for the mere fact that they cannot board any cab or regular van with their power wheelchair. They were completely dependent on the 'sub-service' (access-a-bus) provided by the metro transit. Luckily my clients actually physically can take taxis, but how long the budget can 'take taxis' is another matter.
Somehow, he weathered massive storms
AMP has resurrected its website and kept for one purpose and one purpose only: to continue to sell books as long as possible. The owner believes that the 90 day clause to address breaches of contract is protecting her--that NONE of these complaints are really problems because she has that ninety day clause. That is NOT how it works. The 90 days clause is there to protect the owner against ACCIDENTAL breaches of contract, not flagrant violations of every contract in the company. And, it seems like she will go on intentionally refusing to release authors who have not been paid in well over 90 days. Here, too, is where the certified and registered letters piling up in her mailbox comes into play. She seems to think that if she personally does not sign for a certified or registered letter, then the 90 period outlined in the contract for breaches has not been triggered.
Self: “You got it in a nutshell, although the front end was largely a statement. A good statement, mind you...”
Any other books in the offing? Can you give us a sneak preview?
You can give undeserved love to your spouse because God gave underserved love to you- repeatedly, enduringly. Love is often expressed the most to those who deserve it the least.
I happen to know a lot of writers younger than me, and a fair proportion of the really young ones are fantasy writers. And I’ve known some of these fantasy mavens when, after growing up on fantasy novels and movies and comics, finally read LOTR for the first time. In general, they weren’t impressed. Why? Mostly because of context. These people had been reading stories with elves and dwarves—whose modern personae were largely codified by Tolkein—and orcs and wraiths and hobbits (who were all invented by Tolkein), for the whole of their reading lives. They also took for granted the inclusion of tons of maps, and appendices, and invented languages, and elaborate mythologies. I mean, that’s what fantasy writers do, isn’t it?
I would’ve somehow gotten over her lukewarm response towards my earnest – if modest – efforts if only she’d left it at that. No sir! She then stalked into my kitchen, shoved the pantry doors open and muttered, “Oh my! Is this the best you can do? I expected better from you.”
During the interview, when the interviewer asked me my greatest weakness, I dropped the standard “I don’t like to delegate”. Perfect right? Makes me sound like I’m a control freak who needs to be hands on in everything. Interviewers eat that stuff up. Problem is that’s not true. My greatest weakness would probably be my lack of attention to detail (for example, see the above ‘left baby’ in car reference). But I didn’t say that. I lied, and now my job requires the same level of attention to detail as a Rabbi overseeing a bris.
I looked up. “I didn’t go anywhere, he came to me. Besides, it was fun.” I like to squish things.
College, like the playground, is a place to make mistakes.
In one sense, Farred’s musings might be dismissed as little more than an example of academic writing at its most absurd. Farred himself makes no pretense of his political approach to academic life: he trained under the radically anti-Israel scholar Edward Said, and recalled his mentor as “a model for being engaged in political activities outside the university,” a figure who, “while his primary focus was the Palestinian cause . . . was able to extend the struggle for justice far more broadly.”
In the midst of the pomp and circumstance there was Borough Pres. Marty and Fort Green Councilwoman Leticia James, as well as of course the Cake Man Raven.
Now lets see all your fabulous creations!
Most of Hawkwind's back catalogue is available at much reduced price; yet this, what has to be one of their finest albums, isn't.
I have been enjoying your two more recent baked snacks; "Titanic Snacks" and "Finn McCool's Giant Snacks". I see these as a more tasty benefit of the recent morbid cashing in on the infamous maritime disaster. Although saying that, I did go to see Titanic in 3D last night and forked out the money for seeing a film I've seen too many times already. It was good, but not as good as it could have been if I was allowed to bring in Titanic Snacks to eat while watching the movie. Maybe that would make me the morbid one. We'll never know now.
Finishing off
We are working on a new website at the moment, so this blog will no longer be maintained. To be kept up to date with shiny shed news and happenings, please go to www.theshinyshed.com
sambal
Ms Brooks or Mr Coulson or son James (or any one of a dozen people, really) being found in Mr Mulcaire’s haul having done some hacking wouldn’t be good for Murdoch’s BSkyB bid approval; and yet what the Met finds is somebody hacking the editor’s phone. It’s a rum old world.
Here's the new link (and website) for ordering your custom diaper.
So much for weekly Busy Bag idea posts. I already missed the second week! I will try to be better but I am due to have #2 in 3 weeks so I can't promise anything:)
It hopes the move will encourage customers to do their entire weekly shop at Waitrose rather than move between retailers in the hunt for the lowest prices.
we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
In an effort to do extensive damage, Faisal Shahzad had abandoned the explosives-loaded Pathfinder on a Saturday evening in the height of Broadway show traffic. A quick-acting food vendor noticed smoke coming from the car and immediately alerted police.
142 s
Beth H., a fellow writer, posted an article “Going All the Way” that I bookmarked as a reminder not to play it safe, not to hold back. By jumping into situations that test your characters and your writing ability, you can give your stories drama that stands apart from the common.
Investment Banking
Her eyes met
I just wanted to let you know I think you’re fantastic! I just love all the blog posts about me. You do a wonderful job writing about all the great things I’ve said – and done – and worn. It seems the rest of the world doesn’t think I’m as great as we both know I am. That’s OK. I know you’re proud of me. I’m pretty proud of myself. Proud, proud, proud. Yep, that’s us. Hey, want to take way too many pictures of me and post them? That’d be fun!
Over those final days at home, family and friends came and went. Some gave help and support to my aunt, who had taken on the primary caregiver role. Others simply visited Grandpa. We never knew who was coming for meals, and it didn’t matter. The welcome sign was up. “You are all family. You’re all welcome here. The freezer is full of food. Eat.”
“Hello Mr. Dameron” Engineering says as I open the door. Does everyone in this hotel know my name?
Before check in hotel, hubby drop by the Johor Premium Outlets which officially opened on 11 December 2011 by Prime Minister. It's a biggest outlets here that selling all branded stuffs eg. Adidas, Burberry, Coach, Ermenegildo Zegna & etc. Very nice design concept stores, but too bad it was crowded on Christmas Eve. It was long queue to pay our parking ticket at the machine too.
They didn’t even see fit to issue a statement supporting the police, who had to step in when they abdicated their responsibility…
A woman is like a tea bag. You never know how strong it is until it’s in hot water. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The purpose of any Health Strategy is primarily to reduce the determinants that result in variable standards across the town affecting employment, housing, income, poverty levels and access to public services; it is evident that the prevalence of violence against women in Yorkshire and the Humber and in certain other areas of the UK and the ensuing health risks is a relevant determinant that must inform any strategies and policy decisions.
I ordered the Mac and Cheese....I mean how bad could Mac and Cheese be....
Duke Ellington & his Orch - C jam blues (New York 02-12-1959)
I have to be honest, I was pretty bored with tonight's episode. They try so hard to make it interesting but I thought a lot of it was cheesy. Highlights were:
its not my burden to decipher what that purpose is.
Myself and this contentious soul of mine,
- One of 5 signed promo cards for Pieces of Us
This card is being entered into the following challenges:-
The funny thing about trying to tell the future is that the future doesn’t change much. Someday we’ll cure cancer; someday we’ll all fly around with rockets on our back; and someday insurance will be sold without independent producers.
This beautiful hand made piece features delicate flowers in tans, browns and leopard prints, and each flower is topped with a beautiful sparkling jewel, except the top and bottom one. The top flower has a hanging ribbon in black and the bottom has three streamer like ribbons two in black and one in brown, to give it a touch of elegance. These are great to turn a bare spot into something beautiful, decorating for parties, weddings, and they make awesome Mother's Day Gifts!
I walked in the wake of the sad and the lonely.
Herbal therapy
Karen brings up the fact that Sting wrote “They Dance Alone”, a tune heavily critical of Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet. She contrasts it with Sting’s decision to play a concert for Gulnara Karimov. I think it comes down to Sting’s liberal politics.
good things surely be mine
For meal times I have a small notebook with removable pages and 4 markers from IKEA (the have felt tips on one end and stamps on the other) - they keep everyone occupied until the meals arrive.
One word from the video that stood out to me was royal. If it were me, I would have done a whole queen-and-her-loyal-subjects bit with fierce, yet elegant costumes and bright, bold hair and makeup.
BeaArthur22: Yes, he wants to go out again. He got me that Gucci bag. The one Nicky Hilton has that I've wanted forever.
Face facts, this country is deep in the toilet and one flush away from becoming “Runningdoghai” the 23rd Province of the People’s Republic of China. If we ever want to return our nation to its former glory we need to stop raising a generation of spongy cry-babies and get back to work on hardening our resolve, our bodies and our minds.
July 2012
During a bingo game at an assisted living center for seniors I'm reminded of junior high. Several participants are warm and easy going, but some huddle together and make pointed comments about people at other tables. They play where they've just eaten lunch, in what looks like a school cafeteria. And they compete for prizes of chocolate and deodorant.
As the French would say, “de trop”.
3rd quarter of 16th century (Photo credit: Wikipedia)
In the breaking-in period, we have had to make some adjustments and modifications. Being the Master Plumber, I get to do a lot of it. Being an I-talian machine, nothing was standard, so I had to improvise. And since it was custom, I signed it with solder.
Let’s rewind.
In the wee hours of the morning, when I seem to awaken randomly, as I was then drifting off into a little daydream about going on a date, in my little fantasy I was dressed up and had my little purse and the person was like "what? no bags?" and I was like "no, just me." and those two little words, "just me," kindof sparked something that I probably knew deep down but didn't really fully internalize till that moment. It's one of those revelations that happen at odd moments for those of us not in therapy. I think part of why I have so much stuff all the time, whether cupcakes or candy or books or gifts or gossip, is that I'm afraid that if I don't have something else to offer up than just myself, people won't like me, and that is if not my biggest fear, close to it. I always worry that people won't/don't like me and want to entertain/feed/take care of them, and it's a tricky thing because often I don't really leave room to take care of myself. But it's more that core doubt that me, alone, "just me" is not good enough and never will be. And when I used to drink a lot, it was okay becaues I felt buoyed by the safety net of alcohol, so I didn't care as much if people didn't like me, and felt extra smarty/witty/pretty/cool with the flush of drinking. So yeah, "just me" = scary as hell. Clearing out my bags, my room, my head, clearing, unearthing, paring down, is taking away my security blanket and I don't really know how to act without that. With being quiet and calm and not racing a mile a minute to tell people things and give people things. And I know there are so many awesome people who love and care about me, for me, and they keep me going, because I know it's not about what I can do for them, or how I look or what I write, but just me. It's not always easy to believe in that myself though. I'm not gonna rush myself though; it'll be a while till you see me on a daily basis with just one small bag. Even longer before you see me without diet coke. But it was just this really quick fragment that packed a lot of punch.
“I don’t think it’s fair to make those people feel uncomfortable, but the bigger part is, what happens when someone walks up behind the gun owner and pulls the gun out of its holster? Now you have someone who should not have one, with a gun in their hands,” said O’Meara.
* Friend me on Facebook (+ 1 point)
Again, I’m 24, with two kids. A 5-year-old, and a 1 year old…and i have the one piece of advice that i believe every new mother should know to stay sane! (if that’s even possible with a new-born)
I returned home at dusk and watched as signs of power dotted the surrounding area while the river house remained dark. Miracle of miracles, the lights came on about an hour later! I could finally finish the registration!
The problem is most women do not think like this b/c they are truly unaware of how to handle such things. They really believe its normal for a guy to do things for them even if he isn’t getting anything in return. Even if the woman knows a guy likes her, many still feel its normal for a man who likes a woman to do things for her to show his liking of her. But in these scenarios, usually the man who is doing all of that is the one who rarely gets to first base with a woman and will eventually be friend zoned.
It does sort of just look like a rock-colored lump, but paleontologists affiliated with the University of Cincinnati say that they've found something very big and very weird. The 150-pound fossil recovered last year in northern Kentucky is more than 6 feet long and 3 feet wide. To the untrained eye, it looks like a bunch of rocks or a concrete blob.
The epic, familiar opening, full of warmth, nostalgia, like an old mans hand as he sits you down to tell you a whimsical tale. But then! War Drums!? What’s this!? The ominous lingering over a battleship, the crimson red hues, the suspenseful pounding of a war drum, like a Marine’s heart before the jump . . . . Something is wrong here. Then, BAM! Open war!
On a personal side note, I met now-embattled Ohio Republican Ken Blackwell some 20 years ago. My stepfather was the chair of a Cincinnati community cable TV company, and Blackwell and Jerry Springer (yes, the Jerry Springer) came to this very small gathering to preside over their awards show, and I'm sure they weren't compensated for their time. If they were, it couldn't have been much. I found them both to be personable and very giving of their time. This from two politicians on opposite sides of the aisle who were then the most recent Cincinnati ex-mayors. I have no moral or conclusion to the story, other than to be fascinated by the paths their lives have since taken.
Anyhoo, I've come home with a boatload of paperwork. I go to the next class on Friday, it's the "have you filled out your paperwork correctly" class so that I can then make an appointment for a 1:1 meeting with a Worksource counselor so they can sign off on my "correct" paperwork.
well...April is good, thats my birthday month, and I don't just have a birth-day, I have a birthday week.
In the Arts, students want freedom to express themselves on a variety of levels. That is a good thing. It is the duty of the art teacher to provide structure and process to that creativity. Of course there are always some students who establish their own process and need little guidance, but they are the exception. Most artists need constant feedback and direction as they apply their invention to paper, canvas, or computer screen. Pointing out specific areas for improvement, polish, and modification as well as knowing when to push, and when to pull, is part of the art of teaching Art class.
Jimmy Choo Clue satin peep-toe slingbacks; this and next at net-a-porter.com.
I basically said, “My friends who are trying to access my blog through their cell phones are being dropped into the dregs of internet yuckness.” (Okay, that’s not really what I said, but that was the basic idea.)
I've been out enjoying the weather too much lately to post any blog updates.
There were about 20 ‘maybes’ that we then had to re-read and some of these made it onto the Yes list, some different, so we ended up with 30 stories. But it’s also down to taste and we tried to be as objective as we could be in our selection which is why several readers works well and then the final selection will be read by our final judges and shared until we find a winner, runner up and what stories will make it into the anthology. Then we also think about how they fit together as a collection as well, but the whole time looking for something strong, well-written and that gripped us.
We will head back home later this week. I had to miss a few days of school, but Kevin didn’t have to miss any class because it was spring break for him. This is exactly where we were supposed to be this week.
3rd steep: 80 seconds, aroma more fruity than roasty, flavor was mild and smooth.
I have implemented a few changes based on what I have learnt so far -- I'm still learning, as you can tell from the books in My Reading Corner at the side of the blog. Since learning is a continuous process of change for us, I will share our story as we go along in the hope that it will be relevant to some of you.
occupied by Ethiopia, another less-
Instead, she is convinced that someone, perhaps someone who knew her, has taken her. She is hoping against hope that the person still has her and will let her free one day.
Mash at 154 deg F for one hour.
Condoning the murder of people's first born children isn't something I'd normally do, but I'm willing to make an exception in the case of fundies, mostly because it will help stop this becoming real:
Have I been living my life in such a way that
A ripe, yellow lily, blooming instantly
How well do you know God?
kale caesar salad cups
“You have burned the shetl.” Khostov announced.
Thank You Letters
Strengthens the Immune System: Mint tea acts as an immune system booster, since it is rich in nutrients like phosphorus, vitamin B, vitamin C and calcium, which helps the internal body system in strengthening the immune system, minimizing the occurrence of disease and infection throughout the body.
Jessie and I are siting on the statue in the middle of the square, surrounded by humans and mutants alike. My attenuation drifts as my eyes do, over to the words carved on the base of the statue. Worn and barely visible they read “with hard work and hope in our hearts we will make it through the darkness to the light.” In smaller letters there is something written below it, unreadable words that no longer have meaning. The statue is cracked and worn, small chunks missing, patches cover its once smooth and polished surface. The statue stands tall in the shape of a willow tree. Sleeping beneath its branches is a family and their two pets. The children’s pail little faces hold no emotion, not even a glimmer of life. The cat is curled up on the little girls lap, her hand gently laid on it’s back, comforting the girl in her never ending sleep. The dog is at his masters feet. His head up and ears perked, like he is waiting for something coming out of the shadows. Almost like he could see what the future held for his family. The mother and father hold there children tight as they gaze into each others eyes. There expressions frightened and somber. A small tear trickling down the mother’s cheek forever frozen in time. Is it for the uncertain life ahead? Knowing they would never see the sun, or have wind cores their skin on a spring day again. Life would hold a hole new meaning for them underground.
Prezi.com, Google Mapmaker, Google Presentation, Photopeach.com, Microsoft Word, and WordPress.com
A fully recharged battery will provide up to 15 hours of talk time & 625 hours of standby time over a GSM network, or approximately 7 hours of talk time & 517 hours of standby battery time over a 3G network. The Smartphone works over 3G networks HSDPA 900 & HSDPA 2100 plus covers GSM networks GSM 850, GSM 900, GSM 1800 & GSM 1900. The Samsung Galaxy Apollo I5800 will automatically switch between network bands to provide the user with the network coverage required. There is a built in digital compass, along with an integrated GPS navigation feature with assisted GPS & a Google maps application. Its memory card slot can hold up to 32 gigabytes of external memory & the phone comes with a 1 gigabyte memory card to get the user started. There is 170 megabytes of internal memory onboard the Galaxy Apollo I5800. Its WLAN WiFi® capabilities allow the user to connect their Smartphone to a local wireless LAN when accessing the Internet. A fun & user friendly Internet experience can be enjoyed thanks to the Google search which is compatible with YouTube. The user can connect to other devices when transferring data by using a Bluetooth® wireless connection or via a micro USB connection, depending on the users connectivity needs. Transfers are fast thanks to the phones built in EDGE & GPRS technology.
I want the very best for the both of them. Knowing and doing the will of God is the best that I can offer to them. Public school is not going to offer that.
3. Evangelism is not imposing our will or beliefs on another person.
It sounds like you want to pay your bill. Is this correct?
He was always in manana (deep thought) about the Gita or Vedas etc and if he gave one interpretation in the morning, then he would give another even more beautiful one in the evening.
On 20 May 2012 there will be an annular solar eclipse. The Sun and the Moon will be in 00*20’ Gemini. Mars in Virgo will be casting a square aspect to the lunar nodal axis.
And how to throw the blade
Anticipated Attendance: 10,000
I had forgotten the depth of that vibration as it resonates in my chest, suffusing my body with a deep sense of calm. I swing onto your neat little back and we take off, blowing the winter cobwebs from us both. We take in all our favourite countryside routes, getting to know the curves and contours ready for another year. You’re silent again, just for a moment, when we stop to appreciate the brand new signs of spring.
So many details, and they are all exceptionally clear.
Cynthia James (www.cynthiajames.net) and Dr. Jordan Paul (www.drjordanpaul.com), co-hosts of this exciting weekly international internet radio variety talk show, are on a mission to inspire greater oneness both within us and in our world, while providing practical ideas that encourage this process.
Oh my goodness, I LOVE breakfast sandwiches. Egg, sausage, and cheese on a deeelicious gluten free bagel. Mmmm...I'm salivating just thinking about it.
We light the wood stove, toast the weekend, and fall into bed.
why is my phone so silent? gone were the calls, texts, bbms and facebook notifications that have followed me at very regular intervals throughout the day.
“We loved looking at that book together. Jack thought it was so funny that the guy’s last name sounded just like “ball sack.”
It’s up to each one of us to make our own lives the one we’ve always dreamed of living. I pray that we (Nico and I) will make the right choice for our little family. If we follow our hearts…I know we will.
because dr phil asked for it, you're now looking at yet another beyond naked view of me.
Colgate Total (4-4.2 oz) $2.75 get $2 ECB (limit 2) Coupon: $1/1 in Diabetes magazine or 75¢/1 in 2/12 SS or 50¢/1 in 1/29 SS PLUS $1/1 off CVS store coupon in Reinventing Beauty magazine Final Price: as much as a $1.25 money maker
I crave: nothing so badly that would hurt me if I didn’t get it
*Reply & negotiate with a school who sent a detailed visit outline, but which doesn’t fit the way I work or distance I have to travel.
By the time that was done, guess who was the only one who couldn't get home? Reports on the news were that bridges and overpasses were icy and slick; in a one-mile stretch on the interstate, 13 cars had spun/slid and slammed into the guardrails. Luckily, no one was hurt, but it was a mess.
Perhaps a few of you would like to join me?
Even the economic world is improved by the Holy Spirit (e.g. fairness, honesty, etc.). As He is withdrawing, the economic world becomes less and less positive (e.g. dishonesty, theft, etc.).
Sure, four of them are wearing rented tuxes. And then the other two had new suits. Dressing guys is not the problem. Getting them there in one piece is.
But they forget that it's the farmer that feeds them all
Will there be a sequel to this explosive little tale? I have no idea. Do I want a sequel? That absolutely goes without saying.
Another day.
Generally though, I sit quietly in class (with my jaw wired shut). I have the capacity to contribute something to everything. Maybe because I have more life experience, or maybe because I give SO much less of a f%^# what people may think. Probably both.
In my case, it was an eight-year-itch.
Levi’s Finger – Waypoints of the Path to Coffin
I sat in the students’ section with my sister and Kirsten. Her mom told me that Kirsten didn’t know the drill for the third movement of our first show in marching band, and she hasn’t had time because of soccer.
3. Other things not to do on airplane: drugs. All around bad idea. You have no idea what could happen. What if your drug fumes accidentally seep into the pilot’s cabin and they get high and crash the plane? Then there would be trouble. Or, what if you started to act crazy? And the air marshall came out? That would not be a good time.
Watch the belt buckle.
Love Spent (Acoustic Version) (****)
She looks rather surreal in the evening light
I am so excited! Yesterday Rachel said "Pink" with a "P"!!!
Overall Kim had a fabulous birthday experience, the staff were professional and extremely nice and took the time to talk to you, the quality of everything was superb and the setting couldn’t have been better.
This whole situation is such a cliche and sounds like it isn’t real or Lucy is delusional, but I know Lucy and she has a damn good head on her shoulders. I’m actually kind of jealous. It’s so romantic.
Well, ikat fabrics are made by dyeing the threads before the fabric is woven. A wax-like substance is applied to bunches of threads in desired patterns, and the threads are dyed. The wax covered parts of the threads resist the dye, resulting in patterned threads which are then used to weave the fabric.
Fortunately, we are not alone in the fight for freedom. We are in the company of heroes and friends. This gives us the strength to continue.
A: Any time a business buys airtime or ad space a salesperson from the company receives commission. When a media buyer buys the airtime or ad space, the media buyer receives the commission. The industry standard is 15%. So whether you buy directly from a media outlet or buy through us there is an inherent 15% commission built into the cost of the advertising buy. It’s a simple decision…would you rather a salesperson (who represents one company with a budget they have to meet) make recommendations on where you spend your ad dollars OR would you rather have an impartial, unbiased media buyer who knows ALL forms of media help you make your advertising decisions?
05 - Time Machine
All the best J
Dear Joe and Vicki: We travel in our RV for two to three months at a time. Our last dog just happened to love RVing as much as we do. It's time to get another and I was wondering what size or type dog might be best for RVing.
Karen is a writer and last summer she went to an art symposium put on by the Colorado Arts Ranch called Sex and Sensibility, in Trinidad, Colorado, which, as you know, is the sex-change capital of the world. The song is sung in Spanish and it’s about her road trip there and meeting various artists and writers including Dr. Marcie Bowers, who performs the surgeries. It’s a corrido, of sorts.
Coming back to flying kites on Independence Day, you know flying kites symbolizes the spirit of freedom, a spirit of free India. But, do you think we really are independent? Being a part of a political discussion, I was really ashamed to see that most of the people (and I mean people from all ages, including those who have witnessed the freedom struggle, too) acknowledged that India was better when there was British Rule than what is prevailing here today. Now, this is a point of real chagrin for all of us, for this means all those who struggled so hard only to make their next generations see a free country, all those who lost their lives in the struggle, was in vain? Are we so insentient that we don’t even canonize their sacrificed lives? And then we are happy digging our faces into the air and symbolizing the spirit of freedom when what we are suffering from is worse than British Rule!
"I was just voicing my opinion at an EDL meeting with just EDL people around."
Whilst the inner circles of the SNP gyre and gimble over the various scenarios thrown up by the media and anti-Independence parties over the question of adopting NATO membership, as a sop to soft unionists, perhaps it's time to consider what we already have in the ways of nuclear technology and other weapons of mass destruction.
As I mentioned earlier, The Galileo 7 had gone down well on the continent having had a captive (but willing) audience. Does this mean that it's an issue of location? Camden has a plethora of live venues, all of them crying out for peoples' attention every night. Are we too spoilt for choice to the point where we can't be bothered to discover anything new anymore?
I’m interested in moral grey area (generally) and the limits of international law (specifically), and this is one area that, while given significant media attention, has yet to be resolved to my satisfaction. Personally, I feel that these powers are setting a dangerous legal(?) precedent, but that they are an effective way of tactically striking an enemy with minimal civilian casualties.
Date: January 9, 2012
And maybe I will one day this summer. Maybe that would be just as good as alone time.
Yeah, I did pretty well. You mean selling drugs?
Titus Alone
An Exped dry bag
That’s my story and I’m stickin to it. Next I’ll take a look at the women’s side of the 100 meters.
Marley has absolutely loved having them here. They stayed up late Sunday night watching Cars and bonding. Marley keeps asking about Alexis. We dropped off some blankets to her last night and Marley was so excited. I think we will swing by tomorrow and bring them some treats. We will be so sad to see them go at the end of the week but are grateful they got to come out and visit and go to EFY.
03-Malted Milk
3+ flowers
Are we, citizens of the U.S., in anyway responsible for the deaths of so many people south of our border? Is our forty year war on drugs really working? Has the prohibition of anything desired by man ever been successful? The short answers: YES, NO and NO (respectively).
he stood confused
I might have gotten.
My obvious concern was whether this foundation would appear as dark as the jar represents. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the basecoat is relatively sheer and provides a lovely matte shade that would be simple and elegant to wear on its own.
The week slowly rolled into Thursday night. I’d texted Fang on Tuesday, wishing him luck on an open mic he was to perform at with his band. He was on guitar and vocals. Early on when we were texting frequently he sent me some of his music. It was reminiscent of the Smashing Pumpkins. His singing voice I found both cute and sexy. No response had come, worrying me that he wasn’t interested anymore. That night I finally heard back. I received a long, two part text explaining his week and apologizing for his untimeliness and poor attempts to hang out. He needed time to put some things in his life back together. His message was unequivocally clear. It did not matter the reasons, we currently were not going to work out.
There is a pattern to Paul’s teaching in today’s reading:
And this... *GASP* ... is what my sewing room looks like at the moment and that's a problem (BTW, don't start cleaning and reorganizing unless you can do it all in one shot because walking back in on this is daunting).
I figured I’d just get a lot of spam make-$800-a-day-from-home offers, though, so I decided not to do that.
As I don't believe that a person should blindly follow instruction, I did my research into this aspect of my faith, and came to the following conclusion. Personally, I see the Word of Wisdom in this light – it is a care and instruction guide for my body. Much like a vehicle comes with a set of instructions, that is what the Word of Wisdom is to me. Just as a vehicle manual advises you not to use diesel fuel in a standard engine as it may cause destruction or damage to the internal workings of your car, the Word of Wisdom advises that you not partake in substances that will cause damage to the internal workings of your body.
In a large bowl, combine the cucumbers, water, vinegar, chopped dill, sugar, garlic, salt, pickling spice, dill seed, and red pepper flakes. Stir, and let stand at room temperature for 2 hours, until the sugar and salt dissolve.
Dialogue in story is like the dressing on a salad – it may not be the crux of the thing, but for better or worse, it dominates the overall flavor. So while good dialogue can move an otherwise mediocre story along relatively well, bad dialogue is capable of dragging a brilliant one down into the pits of utter Suckdom in just a few bad lines.
Everywhere people are smiling, relaxed and happy. The sea, the beach, the warm sunshine do this to people the world over. I splash through the water as I go for a walk, the sand firm and flat and easy to walk on without watching where you are going. A light sea breeze skims across the water and flutters umbrellas and tents, as well as t-shirts and dresses. The silver light dances and sparkles on the surface, almost glassy, between the breezes.
Valentines day!!
"3. The flow rate should be proportional to the engine size and RPM. To find the best flow rate in liters per minute, take the engine size, multiply by the RPM, and divide by 2."
Wayne wanted to unhook his plow, as we are hopefully not getting a big dump of snow anytime soon.
The holidays also make it hard because people vacation and people are visiting from out of town, so you don't know if the group you visited always has that dynamic or if it's a little different from someone who is in town or out of town that week.
The Last Crusade has more of a personal touch than the other two in the original trilogy. Spielberg brings in his daddy issues with Henry Joes’, Sr. not having been around much after his wife died, preferring to immerse himself in his work at the expense of his son.
Citing the law, judges have granted immunity to killers who put themselves in danger, so long as their pursuit was not criminal, so long as the person using force had a right to be there, and so long as he could convince the judge he was in fear of great danger or death. The Times identified 140 cases in which “stand your ground” has been invoked, and many involve defendants whose lives were clearly in jeopardy. At least a dozen share similarities with what is known about the Trayvon Martin case, and they show the law has not always worked as its sponsors say they intended.
I expect many writers have heard it all before, but telling rather than showing...
Prior art disclosures on the Internet or in an on-line database are considered to be publicly available as of the date the item was publicly posted. This is provided that the item is dated and not temporal, and can be indexed for subsequent retrieval. An example of a temporal item is a web broadcast that cannot be saved, retrieved or printed, e.g., a live simulcast feed that is not archived, and a "streaming" audio or video that "flashes" across the screen.
Got to try out a pint of "Rocks Crew Cream Ale" which was actually brewed by the pubs staff during a trip to Potters Brewery here in the Hunter! A style that I haven't tried yet it had a very vanilla like creaming soda quality on the nose! Extremely smooth going down like a weizen/wheat style bodied beer with the re-freshness of a good 'ol british ale. No big hop features here but you can tell some noble ones are there under the cream somewhere. Awesome beer experience- a must try-while it lasts! Great brew crew!!
As for life on blogging hiatus, well, let’s just say it’s winter, the rain is piddling down, it’s gloomy and grey and all good and sensible bears should be hibernating. However the Vanilla Bear is busy editing, rewriting, critiquing, reading, cooking, drinking vast vats of cocoa, and making plans to escape the insanity into which this benighted country is rapidly plummeting.
May 30 Skive, Denmark – Skive Festival
The committee interviewed Waters in June, 2009. She admitted that she called then Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson and asked for a meeting with the National Bankers Assn. The Association is the trade association for the nation’s 103 minority and women-owned banks. Waters requested that Robert Cooper, NBA President-Elect supply her with “talking points” to explain the purpose of the meeting. The meeting focused solely on the government takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the severe financial impact the takeover had on the minority banks. She did not say who should attend, or the meeting agenda. No member of her staff attended.
Love, love, love this little bunch...
Sift dry ingredients, except sugar. Add sugar and mix well. Mix wet ingredients. Stir wet ingredients into dry mix and mix well. Add apples, carrots, cranberries, and nuts and mix well. Spoon into silicone muffin pans or greased metal muffin pans and bake at 350 degrees for 20-25 minutes.
feeling swell
a child who was never born?
this lifeless stinking ooze,
As to the BDSM, it neither was in any way erotic, certainly not for a sadist like myself (and I do play hard), nor did it come over as healthy, despite the regular protestations of Moira that she was doing this as per her free will. Nor did Simon come over as resting healthily in himself. I won’t go into large details, anyone with a serious inkling of behaviour which ought to be avoided at all costs within BDSM play will know what I mean, when I point out that there’s a load of codependent and abusive behaviour in the story as experienced by the characters. It would be acceptable if the author noticed and acknowledged that, but she doesn’t. She also mixes in her apparently private kink of Daddy/girl infantilism play, without giving it enough room in the novel to stand on a leg. Instead these influxes come over as just skeevy and weird, not in a funny way.
The head of the Special Committee to Combat Human Trafficking, Congresswoman Rosi Orozco of the governing National Action Party, or PAN, said the bill goes after the entire chain of exploitation, from the people who entrap victims to those who hold them against their will and exploit them and even clients of sexual services.
I made this necklace with black and white Agate and black Onyx early this year and I think it depicts my present plight perfectly. I call it ....growing grey!
hugs to you all, happy crafting...
This woman was old, but not so old that she had lost her fighting spirit. In fact, just to be certain that her sparring skills were still in order she decided to fight with me. Now, her offense – a very common one at communal performances – TALKING. Let’s understand, I am not some sort of “talking police”. I don’t run around the movie theater like some kind of frigid librarian jutting my face within inches of the innocent movie goer and screeching, “Sssssshhhhhhhhh!” I am not that person. However, this particular old lady decided to speak – LOUDLY – during the most emotionally gripping part of the film. I know because I had tears running down my eyes as I reprimanded her. (Spoiler Alert – skip ahead a few lines, if knowing one iota of a movie makes you never want to see it.) It was that part in the movie right before George Clooney and his two girls send his dead wife’s spirit off into the oceans. Our fight lasted almost through the entire leis-afloat scene. Here’s what happened.
(The king puts down the sword.)
The Scar
Til next time-A
If you have less than 7 days, I suggest concentrate on just either North or South Island.
surely Lady Spring will come—
Cover and cook on the high heat setting for 4 hrs or the low heat setting for 8 hrs. Season to taste with salt and cayenne. Ladle the gumbo over steamed rice and serve.
I loved it so much I planned on finding another place for it, but the fall left more than my eye maimed.
I'm going to go find my inner seven year old.
P.S. on a sidenote, i have just looked back over my blogging and figured I’d fill you in on all the things that have come to pass and all the things that didn’t.
The United States Government, throughout the 20th Century, has done more to ensure the survival of Marxism than has any other nation or power.
For all their ferocity, zombies are morons. Morons are not all that dangerous, ultimately, especially when they’re trying to spread disease with their mouths. Look at it this way: if you could pick out somebody with the flu at ten paces without fail, would you ever get the flu? If the guy with that nasty cold going around ran around groaning and saying ‘cold…cooooold…COOOOOOLD,’ would you shake his hand? Of course not. The ability for the disease to transmit itself would be immediately and instantly curtailed. No zombie would be able to get on a plane, drive a car, sail a boat, which means the simple geography of the earth would keep them bottled up in one tight area, even *presuming* they were able to spread the disease with ease, which they can’t. Even if somebody were to manifest as a zombie on a plane, they would be quickly restrained and those one or two people they bit would be quarantined/checked out. Somebody bitten by a rabid person doesn’t just get to walk away, folks. Hell, they don’t *want* to walk away–they want antisceptic, bandages, and a consultation with a doctor.
Now, the plot is something you would expect from a comic-turned-movie, although from what I can understand this is not the case with this one. Nicholas Cage plays Chris Johnson, a man that can see two minutes into his future. This has brought him to the attention of Julianne Moore as Callie Ferris, a FBI agent who needs his skills to find and disarm a stolen nuclear warhead. The terrorists are on to him to, and to further complicate things he finds himself drawn towards Jessica Biel as Liz Cooper, a women who defies his two minute window of sight and who he can see much farther into the future.
Not to mention the friend who I've been lending my Buffy the Vampire Slayer DVD's to. He's been going through it very fast, and recently while making his way through season 5, decided to carve some stakes (woodworking FTW)! He named the first one Mr. Pointy, but then his dog ate it. Anyway, he has a small collection now, and gave one to both Emi and me. He's also learning how to draw a Devil's Trap (used to trap and immobilize demons in Supernatural), and Emi's learning how to bless holy water (I think you're supposed to be a priest to do it *properly*, but I suppose it'll work for our purposes. Besides, Sam and Dean do it all the time!). So when the supernatural apocalypse comes, you definitely want to be hanging with us!
1 tsp Red chilli flakes
it's late october. the tide is in
Its funny how home will always be home and somethings never change...I have to say it was really refreshing to be back and to see familiar faces. Its hard sometimes living in another country because my roots will always be in NYC. Whether or not I have a love/hate relationship with my city what New Yorker doesnt??? :°
Fourth email offered to pay for the shipment of his boxes, with the caveat that he pays for any extras with Customs if it comes up. I then sent a list of all the household stuff that can be boxed, including artwork that can be moved from its frame because the frame is too big to ship. I let him know that the rest of the settlement will hinge on this and us having an uncontested divorce. If it goes contested, all my offers are off the table.
Myra Langtry is waiting as the jeweler (Stephen Tobolowsky) inspects at a piece of her jewelry. He is sympathetically giving her the bad news that the stones in the piece are not diamonds. Myra looks shocked, saying "they must be, they cut glass!" The jeweler tells her "glass will cut glass, almost anything will." and shows her a more reliable test. She says it's ok, and it isn't his fault. As she leaves he asks her to keep him in mind if she has anything else he might be interested in. She smiles at the door and says "Well, I have only one thing now." turning back to face him she asks "Are you interested?" He tells her "I would have to see it, of course." She responds, "Well you are seeing it. You're looking right at it." He talks about her fake jewelry again, reassuring her , that this very rarely happens, and that he feels bad when it does. He takes off his glasses and says "I always hope I'm mistaken."
I spent the next few weeks in bed with severe tiredness and nausea, I was the same when I was pregnant with Sophie and Grace.. seriously feels like I have been hit by a truck! But I was still bleeding and feeling funny pains so I was very worried.
I could always go to law school, get the degree and stay at the Office. It would certainly allow me to do my job better, and would open up options for jobs here at the Office that require a law degree. Maybe one of these days I'll decide that I want to do it. But not yet. I like what I'm doing. So, for now, I'm content to remain Just a Patent Examiner.
Had enough yet? And if you haven't...why the hell not?
Fellow conservative Regina Reed sent me the following video, the photographer of which has a great eye for beauty and skill to display it; a realm of beauty which exists all around us yet passes by our observation.
silent still.
In graduate school I began to integrate my love of the prophets with my own narrative. I began to critically evaluate both my early religious experiences, my atheism, and my atheistic contention that those early experiences had been meaningless. Ultimately, I was able to reconcile my understanding with my history and reclaim the genuine aspects of those early religious experiences.
the curtain down.
I’ve been itching to write this post since my first Zumba class two weeks ago.
My worst fears unrealized, the surgery went without a hitch. I was practically giddy and on my way to see Dr. Seymour. Three weeks had passed since the surgery and after the initial follow-ups at the University, the doctors there wanted me to continue on with Dr. Seymour. I hadn’t seen him since before the operation and couldn’t wait for him to see how wonderful my new eyes were.
Considering this explanation, I am very pleased to receive this award. Thank you bipolarmuse, for thinking of me as fearless, awkward, embarrassing, intimate, and honest. The humor comes and goes, but I am glad you can chicken pick it out when my garbage filter is absent and has been sent to the cleaners. Seriously, it feels good to be recognized as someone who is honest and doesn’t hold anything back. I try not to, as I believe my life experiences are a large part of who I am today, which I do not mind saying, is a pretty strong and amazing woman! What a victory for me to be able to admit that publicly and believe it! If you really want to see how it is done, go to bipolarmuse and read some of her poetry—some of the most moving words you will ever read! I not only learn so many things from her, but I adore her raw truths written is such a way as to take your breath away. Thank you so much!
I took a philosophy class, and there was a discussion that intrigued me. I don’t remember what exactly that lesson was. All I remember was that there was something about birth. I thought “What if the world wasn’t born?”
This post is getting long, but I want to finish with a drawing of one of one of my favorite 90′s icon: Geoffrey the Giraffe. The Geoffrey I knew and loved was perhaps a conflation of two designs, but I remember him wearing baggy blue jeans, interacting with kids despite being a cartoon. I remember wanting a Power Wheels or a Slip n’ Slide, or whatever Geoffry announced for Christmas. I remember not wanting to grow up, because I wanted to be a Toys R Us kid. I remember wanting to do the Super Toy Run–I still want to do the Toy Run!
~ bumGenius
11. Which show have you seen more episodes of 1 or 3? CSI
Feel free to omit the caramel and chocolate, or one or the other – these would be good filled with melted white, milk or dark chocolate or just filled with caramel… this cookie is versatile, amazing, delicious and you won’t need any other peanut butter cookie recipe after trying this one.
Presumptuous. A cardinal sin in this situation is to say anything which seems anything at all like trying to solve the other person's problem. Another cardinal sin is to say anything which could have come off of a bumper sticker. So sue me. She did seem to appreciate the sentiment, and therefore I have hopes she truly did appreciate it.
those fears.”
My own breath dips.
and now BAFTA/Rocliffe - which is still on going but I've been placed along with 24 other scripts reading for the final 3 selection.
As a resident of the great state that raised John Edwards to the heights of power on the backs of doctors he sued for malpractice, I’m skeptical over this recommendation for a number of reasons. Dr. Topol makes an excellent point. Those who aren’t health care practitioners may fail to understand that patients often do not present with clear cut symptoms. There is a finite number or reasons your car won’t start in the morning such as the battery is dead, the tank is empty or the ECM needs replacement. But the human body is infinitely more complex. What may present as back pain from too much Pilates can turn out to be bone cancer that had metastasized from the esophagus, as happened to my father-in-law. The chronic tickle in the back of the throat that drove my mother-in-law crazy for months, turned out to be an atypical and rare form of breast cancer. Both were dead within months of their initial complaints both were misdiagnosed by their primary care physicians, though it is unlikely in either case the proper diagnosis would have mattered much. But both cases of cancer could have been treated had they been detected early. Obviously doctors cannot perform these tests on everyone because it would take too much time and cost too much, but this decision should be left to the judgment of the doctor and not interfered with by the government, an insurance company or a non-elected body such as the American Board of Internal Medicine Foundation.
A recent essay of hers puts the murder of the six members of our military by Afghan security personnel in its proper context — i.e., another example of lethal, treacherous Muslim Rage.
Ultimately, though, the films come down to something of a comparison between the differing acting styles of Lon Chaney, in one of his final screen appearances, and Walter Huston. There's no doubting the physical commitment of either actor, although Chaney is particularly arresting as he drops, animal-like, down the rope that leads to his sleeping area. He allows his withered legs to drop before him, before slinging the useless limbs one by one into a wheelchair: it's a fascinating bit of physical acting, which Browning repeats a number of times with variations. Chaney achieves an entirely different, subtler effect in the key scene where he realizes just how mis-guided his vengeance has been; the transition on his face from feral outrage to heartbroken sorrow is extraordinarily multi-layered, and no speeches from Huston in the later version can hold a candle to the intensity of the moment.
7. Think of pieces that are multifunctional, and can go from morning till evening. Those are my favs. What are yours. Picture from Eileen Fisher
Here's my story.
I take risks because I realize that if I push myself to take them the rewards will speak for themselves. It may not always be safe, but there is a certain joy in that uneasiness which is plain addicting.
What “relevant parties” have Mr Miller and his team had “constructive discussions” with? Presumably in light of the Rangers fans opposition to the SFA as expressed in their march yesterday, they might not take kindly to Mr Miller sitting down with the SFA?
Having had some success with short stories in the past year, I've been feeling a real horror of 'failing' and not having any more/as many accepted. Also, having decided to keep everything 'up front', I've engaged an accountant and submitted my tax return - but that has made me extra determined to keep the money coming in so that I have something to put on subsequent tax returns... don't want to be paying my accountant more than I'm earning! Also, as I've mentioned before, I've been bowing to other people's expectation that the next step is to write a novel and have tried in vain to fit this into my life (which is already quite full to be honest!)
- I waste a lot of time. Internet, TV/netflix, etc. If I was a little more focused, I know I could be more productive as an artist and a teacher.
GLOSSARY
So “between 4pm and midnight you won’t be able to do other heavy usage activities such as watching videos or downloading applications”… or, indeed, downloading files from remote machines, or any email attachments that T-Mobile classify as “large”, nor can I upload “large” files… and this ridiculous state of affairs will continue until the end of the calendar month – unless, of course, I’d like to pay extra to get a larger “allowance” (though none have a particularly large allowance as far as I can see). And T-Mobile also bans the use of instant messaging over their network. No doubt because the availability of IM would eat away at their lucrative business of selling SMS to teenagers.
8: SHIRLEY & LEE - Shirley's Back
Instructions 2, 4 and 6 are related. Number 2 says, "Mark your ballot in secret. No one should help you unless you are blind, disabled or unable to read or write." This one annoyed me. I called my wife into the room.
There is no easy way to present this issue. The word 'death' confronts us with an absolute reality. A maternal death is shocking. A baby and her sister have lost their mother, a man has lost his beloved wife and the family have lost a daughter, sister, friend ...
Good morning everyone!!! Can you believe it's Friday again??? I swear the time goes sooo fast....it seems my life has gone into overdrive!! I have been working outside most of the week...at my house and at my parents. It's actually getting a little warm here so I need to finish up my planting soon. My DH planted several fruit trees and about 20 tomato plants yesterday....the green beans go in tomorrow. I can just taste fresh green beans cooked with a little onion and bacon...yummmm!! Anyway....
4 small boneless skinless chicken breast halves (1 lb.)
So let me get to reaping
not to be beguiled by the externally soothing
Hi Lizardson,
We are all about the Weiner Games! The doxie races, the canine camaraderie! We've never 'smelled' so many new friends before in one place. Our schnozzes will be on hiny-overload! And of course we expect a morsel of your free hot dog to land our way (*wink wink*).
“Kieran Suckling, the environmental group’s executive director, said the incident showed the Obama administration’s support for increased offshore drilling had obscured Interior Secretary Ken Salazar’s pledge to reform the MMS.” he report said.
Dear Siesta Key Beach,
If you must vote at the next Election (I shan’t), vote for the absurd Dad’s Army of UKIP if you want to. At least it does no harm. But the real business of constructing a new pro-British party to speak for all the abandoned, honest, patriotic, gentle people of this Disunited Kingdom can begin only when we have chucked the Tories into a suitably stout wheelie bin and slammed the lid down on top of them.
Research by Rebecca Brown, a Gatton Academy student from Nelson County, was featured in a poster titled Observations of 4 Blazars with the Robotically Controlled Telescope in 2011.
Whenever I write a story, I hope it appeals to both boys and girls. But maybe in its simplest form, it's having a female protagonist in a gladiator story, which traditionally features a male. It's an unexpected choice. Or I don't know, maybe the futuristic, grim nature of the story is larger than that. I wouldn't care who was the lead in a good dystopian story. You know what I mean?
Imagine perfect imperfection
Makeup: Party Pink (Matte)- Pididdle
Did I mention how much I love them? I can not wait until the rest of the room is finished. As you can see, we have a long way to go. We are replacing the outlets and outlet covers, installing a closet organizer and new doors, sewing curtains, painting artwork, and the list goes on and on. We are hoping to have it all done before his 2nd birthday in a month. . . wish us luck!
I decided I want a large piece put together in 9 blocks. Each block will be 6 inches to create an 18x18 finished piece which will be framed.
What then is a response to the increasing marginalisation of the church in the West?
One of the biggest differences between The Burger Stand and Blanc is, indeed, the college scene. On a Friday night in Lawrence, TBS feels like a college place. It’s not exclusively filled with students by any means, but you’re guaranteed to see plenty of KU apparel… and sweats--kids who are used to treating Lawrence with the mentality of “this is our town and we’re college students and college students wear sweats.” I would also point out that for every bit of clubby sleekness you’ll find in Blanc, TBS has the same amount of laid back Lawrence charm. Blanc’s hard surfaces and all white everything (splashed with orange accents) contrast with TBS’s exposed limestone walls (priceless), wood floors and bar structures. Ultimately, preference between the two is a matter of personal taste but one certainly has a more welcoming vibe than the other.
I’ll be representing, ‘Blessings in a Bag‘ at this event where you can bring your mum for a breakfast, lunch or high-tea treat. I would encourage you to make reservations earlier if you can!
I knew then that the thing that had been in my gut since elementary school was right. That all the altruistic bullshit I had condoned, both implicitly and explicitly, in order to ‘help create a better world,’ was just that – Bullshit. That all the talk about ‘self-sacrifice’ and ‘service to man’ was just the verbal manifestation of the kind of evil that has been the root cause of all the blood-letting and destruction perpetrated by man throughout the ages. Until then I could justify my poor reasoning as mere ‘ignorance.’ But after, I knew that this type of ignorance was not ‘accidental,’ but rather the act of deliberately substituting the beliefs of others in place of my own. I knew then that if I continued to support such beliefs, in any way, that I would be committing the worst kind of sin a man can commit – the sin of moral suicide!
The NannyKnowItAll:)
How does it feel to treat me like you do
An interesting fact is that we have already ascended to a higher frequency. The only issue is that our mind (our memory and our self-image) has not come to grips with this fact. The iron in our body (in our blood) holds memory and history, so as the Earth’s magnetic field drops to zero, our memory is cleared and rebooted and raised up to a new frequency. Eventually then our mind will catch up with what has already taken place in the higher realms.
bridge or string
And here's the real kicker about this whole thing: In her recent article for The Huffington Post, author (and lifelong spinster! Eleanore S. Wells describes the jealousy she's always harbored toward her divorced friends. It wasn't because they'd had at least one shot at marriage, but rather, she says, because divorced people are viewed in a more favorable light than those who have never been married. Wells' recalls a recent dinner party, and her friends comments both shocked and saddened me...
Rosberg got off to a great start and was helped by Schumacher, in keeping the rest of the pack behind, while building the gap. It was teamwork in its purest form and Rosberg’s resulting early lead, was maintained across the finish, where he secured his first career win. It was also the first win for Mercedes, as a constructor since 1955, with Juan Manuel Fangio behind the wheel. I expected to see the Silver Arrows eating through the tires, but Rosberg did a great job maintaining his tire degradation, throughout the race.
• The Susquehanna River (and the Chumung River leading into it), the longest river on the East Coast and perhaps the second oldest river system in the world, which goes down through Harrisburg, Pennsylvania to meet the sea in Maryland in Chesapeake Bay (the largest estuary in the United States) 30 miles from Baltimore, Maryland. In times of need, like this year’s drought, the Susquehanna provides drinking water for Baltimore. This year it provided more of its drinking water than in any year other than 1966 and the city has plans to increase the amount it can draw by another third over current capacity. The Susquehanna is also a backup source of water for Harrisburg, which last drew from it in 2000. And it is not just New York State that might be sending poisons downstream. Including the territory of other states, 72% of the Susquehanna River Basin is underlaid by the Marcellus Shale.
Pastry chefs and co-owners Ian Burch and Darren Purchese both hail from the UK. Their Sweet Studio in South Yarra is a space for them to combine sugar and science, creating desserts that are visually arresting, artfully constructed and most importantly, delicious. Melbournites have always known about this boutique dessert house, but a recent appearance on MasterChef Australia has no doubt propelled them to national recognition and adoration.
Bull’s-Eye
Forget diamonds, carrots are a girls’ best friend (well, make that everyone). First and foremost carrots are one of the best dietary sources of beta-carotene. An antioxidant nutrient, beta-carotene boosts the immune system, protect cells from the damaging effects of free radicals, helps you reproductive system function properly, and provides a source of vitamin A.
Here is the very uninspiring right hand side of the desk. My phone, remote and cameo and the green CD case has my mums CD's in - I wanted to borrow something she has so she just sent the whole case...
Tigers
My guess is he doesn’t actually care, or doesn’t comprehend the importance in our lives City Hall plays. All taxes are evil. End stop.
This morning I read in the paper about a University of British Columbia study that showed that faith diminished after study subjects performed analytical tasks, or looked at Rodin’s “The Thinker.”
gingham blouse: Gap (c. 2009)
Purple Rain Lipliner (NYX)
These are the albums that make me love life.
This is kind of a repeat of an earlier post, except that I took time to color it. There was a young man that asked me to draw a lizard for him. I think that he has some kind of science display about lizards that he was working on. I remembered that I had this drawing of an iguana and told him that I would print it out for him. That seem to make him happy enough, but I did decide to put on the splash of color on it just so that his report would have that extra "zing" to it. (I like "zing." Don't you?) There is a bit of an interesting story as to why I drew this lizard in the first place. Go here to read the rest of the story.
You lost when you could not deceive
I don't miss bell-bottoms and I don't miss all the long hair and hairy faces. Hip-huggers are back and lower than ever (to my chagrin now that I find myself in a father role to a young lady that thinks thongs and low-slung jeans are THE thing. . .) and more midriff is once again showing.
You are the world… without you, there is no world.
There are tons of people in the real estate business who would tell you numerous wonderful things about property investment. Majority of what they’re saying are flowery words that can make you easily give in. Don’t just agree with what they are saying because almost all of them says the same. You have to do your homework and find proof that the figures they boast are real indeed and not just coming from the grapevine. Diving into the depths of investments just because someone said so is not a wise decision. Research will be tough but will definitely pay off. Aside from learning the facts, you would also have knowledge on the twists and turns of the business. Hard work usually pays off, remember that.
I huge thank you to the other 8 for trying out and giving it a dam good shot, I may be in touch with you to help out from time to time, I always like to include as many of you as I can so you never know whats round the corner. It was a very hard choice to make and you are all worthy, I know that if you keep trying you will all be winners in time.
Again, bang on. Like, he just lost today. Does God like Tom Brady more? Did Tim do something wicked between Week 14 and Week 15? Where was the fourth quarter miracle comeback? The biggest problem isn't even that they've put all this on the shoulders of Tim Tebow's performance, cuz the success of the Broncos have never really been about his performance (which has ranged from sub-par to mediocre) but on the rest of the team's (now known as the Denver Tebows), the biggest problem is that they've put it all on whether his team wins or loses. Period. Irrelevant of his performance.
It has been snowing almost all day and is snowing now. It was 32º above at noon.
We are definitely getting back to normal. It has been a long hall, and my poor Alex is starting to feel like himself again. I am so thankful for this time to be over. It was a tough one.
With your pasta machine secured to the table or bench you need to start at the biggest setting and let your pasta pass through.
Now about celibacy…this is my opinion: What belief system do you wish to build up around it? Do you wish to believe the rishis and gurus who apparently develop great powers through the mastery of brahmacharya? Or do you subscribe to the present medical model that says there is no harm in losing the sex fluid? In my experience, yeah, it’s great to abstain for long periods, and yeah, it’s also fabulous to indulge. Why make either way such a big deal? In my opinion…it comes down to just being aware from moment to moment. If you wish to have sex, do so with all your awareness and being. If you wish to practice celibacy, do so with all your awareness and being. If you wish it to be a fight, do so with awareness and being.
The 23-year-old had somewhat more difficulty accounting for his success in Beijing, where he won the Olympic bronze medal in 2008 in addition to his back-to-back China Open titles. The playing surface -- and the local cuisine -- seem to suit his style of play, Djokovic said.
“Do you really think, that you’re one of those girls, who thinks that some prince will come along, and be great to you, and treat you like you’re something special because you’re “different”? That’s laughable.”
2. Marketing Echinacea: Seat-of-the-pants marketing tactics based on intuition, gut instinct, or “industry experience” alone.
Write on my friends, and write now!
“You not fat, right?” was one of her very first questions.
At last night’s advance screening of “Friends with Kids”, there was so much laughter in recognition of the trials and tribulations of marriage and parenting, that at least 1/3 of the comedic lines were obliterated. Boy, oh boy, could the married folks with or without kids relate to the pleasures and challenges of wedded sometimes-bliss. And when kids came into their lives, that’s when the laughter in the audience really started.
Today's single is from Wisconsin big shots, The Hussy. I ended up getting this one from Bobby himself (on green!) out of the backseat of his car in the pouring rain after their ridiculously awesome set at The Archeron. He told me the craziest story about this blurred out double exposed sleeve photo, which involved not being able to sleep, nudity and found photos scattered all over the floor. Now that I'm looking at it it could also be medical textbook documentation of a 'weed seizure', the title of their full length I've been steadily spinning since that fateful almost Great White show...a little tip...beer and lighter fluid just spreads the flames...ALL OVER THE FLOOR!
The world (or at least the Golden Gate Bridge) at our finger tips.
I barely found a blemish in the results of the remasters. Though, as noted, the new remastering process has made some of the blemishes of Pink Floyd’s catalog pop, like Gilmour’s aforementioned languorous strums in the “Atom Heart Mother Suite.” For every such moment, there is the redemption of hearing all of the fervor of Gilmour’s playing in the guitar solo of “Money.” However, on the live disc Ummagumma some tape hiss remains (it becomes most apparent during the hushed opening of “Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun”), and some of the audience applause comes across flat and trebly. Still, the performance, for the most part, never sounded cleaner. These four tracks almost sound like studio outtakes. Tape hiss is an inherent problem for many pre-digital albums released on CD. With A Saucerful of Secrets, I noticed less tape hiss in this new version of the album as opposed to the 1992 remaster from the Shine On set, however. It has been cleaned up so well, that I can finally hear the slowly swelling and throbbing minor key drones beneath the quiet din that opens the title track. That part of the track never stood out until now.
Because what I do know is that the kidnappers did not give the boy back.
Ps 67: 3-7
Starring: Kerwin Mathews, Christopher Lee, Glenn Corbitt, Peter Arne, Michael Ripper, Andrew Keir, Marla Landi, and Oliver Reid
Well we can do that too! You can get a '30s look with some modern t-shirts, tank-tops, and even blouses by simply turning them around. Here's a striped t-shirt I bought at Forever 21 yesterday. It has a deep, round neckline that is great for modern day, but not at all appropriate for the past.
For now, I’ll just keep the beard. Beyond that, I am what my mom made me and I’m sure that at some point she’ll tell me what needs changing. I'll get myself straightened out and post some more here soon.
Though I'm a day early, wishing you a "HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY." May your day be blessed with the love of family and friends.
Contrary to what it says on the cover at top, Hackett actually plays cornet, not trumpet on these sides, although he did switch to trumpet many years later.
Crime was their biggest platform complaint. Has the Crime Plan that Kamla promised at the UNDP event in January been unveiled yet? Is the Rent-A-Crop Duster that Plan?
Yes, that little paranoid hypochondriac, who transferred his nervousness into a successful career, still holds the record for the most Emmies given in a single category.
Let me end this piece by saying my heartfelt thanks to the staffers of Ronan Veterinary Clinic in Commonwealth Avenue. I know they did their best to prolong my cat’s life. Being able to express my grief via Facebook also helped me come to terms with her death. I really appreciate fellow animal-loving friends who took the time to send me messages of condolences. Thank you so much.
In response to the recent boycott and the discussion it has generated, Elsevier has put out an open letter entitled A message to the research community: journal prices, discounts and access. It was more or less guaranteed that I would not be satisfied by what they had to say, since my view is that the entire system of commercial publishing of academic papers needs to be replaced, whereas Elsevier was almost certain to be arguing from within the current system. When a paradigm shift takes place, one does not expect the main players to remain the same.
and just when I get an inkling
It all started with a wrong number and a payphone that wouldn’t return money. Bob was trying to call a friend, lost his money, got angry, and tore the phone off the wall of the hangar. He was a troubled kid, a shabby quiet loner from a rural background who hid behind a big bushy black beard. Someone who might have been a schizophrenic. Someone who brooded a lot about the state of the world, who had been hospitalized out at the Northampton State Hospital, and now was living at Northampton Lodgings, a brick building on Pleasant Street close to downtown, going to meetings, and taking his medication. Norma Rubeck, who managed the place in the days when the place was managed, told me he was a weird one. The graduates and drop-outs of Northampton’s mental institutions have always given our town a certain odd flavor. Just as many of the five college graduates stick around the area after graduation, so did many people from the Northampton State Hospital and the Veterans Medical Center in Leeds, which had a big in-patient and out-patient mental population.
I ran up the stairs and grabbed the Littlest Hobo out of her bed; a rude awakening from her deep slumber, then raced back down the stairs, just as a second explosion happened in the floor below the cupboard in her bedroom - by this time the water was pouring down in that bedroom too. Then the lights went out in half the house too.
Barclays Affirms Steadfast Commitment to Arena in Brooklyn and 2009 Groundbreaking
This is a moderated blog. That means before anything is published I have to review it and approve it. I’ve recently had to reject a number of responses to posts. I haven’t rejected them because I’m unwilling to accept diverse viewpoints. I have rejected them because they were rude and insulting without adding anything of value to the discussion.
Winning stories in years past have included heartfelt letters about one moms long infertility battle, her success in finally getting pregnant with twins, and then devastatingly losing her husband who was killed in Iraq WHILE she was pregnant.
Also, if you plan on button holes, iron on interfacing is a good idea. It will keep your button holes from stretching, making them look nice and work better. It's also a good idea to help reinforce waist bands and support zippers on light fabrics.
Slithering through the underbrush, like a fat snake.
Austin/Dixon- Austin’s been playing country music all the time since Naomi broke up with him and has only come out of his room for cereal. Dixon says to Adrianna and Navid that he’ll try to handle Austin. Austin then spends half the episode drinking beer and playing darts at the bar. After Dixon talks to Austin about his weird relationship with Ivy last year, he tells him he has a plan. You guys want to know Dixon’s ingenious plan? He and Austin egged/toilet papered Holly’s sorority’s house. Smart. Also smart? Austin inadvertently threw a rock through Holly’s window. Later, after a REALLY bad green screen shot, Austin tells Dixon he had a great time and appreciates everything he did for him. Dixon then shows him an article that says the house they vandalized the night before burned down. Real smart, guys.
CB is now offering skyscraper ad tiles measuing 120 x 600 pixels, as shown above! E-mail me for availability, rates and placement information. And don't forget, this new style is 50% off if booked between November 2010 and January 2011!
Positives: Most people value loyalty as a character trait. As such, a character who espouses this value will gain respect from the reader. Loyalty will lead people to do things they normally wouldn't do, and provides a means through which to advance your plot. The beauty of loyalty as a trait is that it can be paired with so many other qualities, giving you an endless array of choices for your loyal character (the wise or foolish Loyal, the proud or humble Loyal, the miserable or happy-go-lucky Loyal)
AMD's interest in the Ignite technology is also interesting because Ignite is a Risc-like 32-bit processor core with a strong SIMD component. According to Patriot, multiple Ignites can work together within the company's InFlame architecture to create a multi-SIMD processor. It just so happens that this configuration shares similarities with the architecture Sony and IBM have been discussing as of late to power the PlayStation 3.
“Nice” character traits most generally include agreeableness, trust, being a straight shooter, modesty and kindness. A person with niceness as a part of their personality generally tends to stay the same through life. Character traits are the blue print of a person and very rarely change unless the person experiences certain very hard life situations. As a result, the person develops a shield that they try to use to cover up their original personality fearing a recurrence of the bitterness that affected them.
My friend Kiccha is saying to tell about men’s plight also. See all these women, for so many years they are taking all good things for themselves. But Sir Alyque Padamsee Sir and Mr Shahrukh Khan are too smart (really, they are beauty and brains mixture). They are coming out with Fair and Handsome cream for boys. It seems all boys are stealing sister’s fairness cream and putting. But how it will work on their skin? So Padamsee Sir and Mr Khan are inventing rough & tough version, Fair & Handsome, as service to mankind. By the by, one thing I am not understanding, why Mr Shahrukh Khan is not using it in real life? Other day only, he has been detained in US Airport and at Yale College, he is telling sarcastically, “Next time I will tell US police I am white.” Mr Khan, why simply you are telling, do and show, no?
+1 for being a follower
Greetings and salutations! I want to say thanks to Abigail for having me on the blog today. Thanks, Abigail!
*Cats Eye Ink- Chesnut Roan
To keep moving forward in life, there must be change - some happy, some sad. For us, this announcement is a little of both. We will be closing the OSNH shop within the next few months. Papa OSNH has taken a new job that will require 9 months of travel throughout the year...and Tamara is going with him (well, just to the fun destinations)! While Tamara will be experiencing new and exciting things, we decided it is time for us both to move on to new adventures.
I make my jazzed-up schiacciata with any of the following fresh berries: blueberries, blackberries, raspberries or grapes. The latter is my last choice since my juicier experiments with ripe berries are more elegant and luscious in taste. I have also tried sliced fresh mango, though when it’s baked, the mango flavour is muted.
Is it a coincidence that nearly all of these movies have a science fiction bent? I suppose I could list a number of romantic comedies that are thoughtless copies of one another. But that's been done. At least these movies attempt to tell a different story. Except for Avatar.
Washington, D.C. 20201
She herself is beyond the Supramental Body
My list of male-oriented YA, with mini-reviews:
Oh by the way, Happy Memorial Day and I hope everyone is enjoying their BBQ!!!
Love from my depth
A few people have asked me why I call my bi-weekly, bizarre ramblings, “Simple Thoughts.” They’ve said that maybe I should call them “Complex Thoughts,” or possibly “Deep Thoughts.” My wife on the other hand thinks it would be more fitting to use titles such as: Messed up thoughts, deranged thoughts, stoner thoughts, or this is your brain on drugs thoughts. She believes that a normal functioning brain should never be able to come up with these thoughts. I think I’ll just keep calling them simple thoughts. My thought processes may be a little different from most people, but I like to think of myself as an average, simple, uncomplicated man. Why don’t you just sit back, relax, and enjoy the strangeness.
chevre and blood orange & black pepper marmalade on endive
Although studios like Universal International and RKO wanted to turn him into another Tom Mix and clothiers tried to capitalize on his gaudy fashions, Casey would have none of it. All he seemed to care about was getting “a good draw and having a good time.”
2) Every 30 sec for 5 minutes complete 1 Clean & Jerk (full squat) @ 75%.
Can you hear silence? Can you touch nothing-ness?
However, there was one little glitch.
After coming across The Tourist once more, we delve away from our Dukes of Dead and learn how things came about for The Tourist during the zombie apocalypse. What trouble has he found and gotten into? All we can say is that this episode is a very revealing one, so tune in!
When we arrived, Helen lifts up the cake carrier and notices that the cake completely shifted and is smashed against the side of the box. We call Alison, Helen's awesome daughter, and leave this voicemail: "Alison. Go to the grocery store. Buy a boatload of white canned frosting. Stat. Please. Thank you." Then, I carry in the sad cake carrier and I proceed to Drop. It. On. Its. Head. Yes, we dropped the darn thing twice! Luckily, the Daruma figurines were not on the cake. Finally, we shellac the cake with canned frosting, but you can see some of the bad bits coming through. Luckily, no one was planning on cutting or eating this cake. On their first anniversary, I'll bring over cream puffs and cupcakes to celebrate. No one wants to get near this twice bruised cake.
Makes me wonder sometimes, "who in the hula hoops, designs baby clothes sometimes?"...someone that probably doesn't realize how scratchy and "un-soft" some of their baby things are I guess!
All of her choices were hers to be made
The Saturday before last, as you're most likely aware, was Free Comic Book Day. I didn't write anything about Free Comic Book Day before it happened because I have a pretty good idea who my readers are. I didn't think you needed to be told that the day was coming up or what it was all about. Now that it has come and gone, I'm going to tell you about the comics I picked up.
The Humble Servants Around Us
The only time this caused tempers to really flare was on the day that Vincent Pastore’s character Sal ‘Big Pussy’ Bonpensiero was killed – with cast members shouting at each other because they felt such a mixture of raw emotions.
I'll be taking this blog down, permanently, in a few days.
They ate in silence for a few minutes then Grayson asked, “Did you find a tracker?”
A French bank that agreed to buy LCB’s assets mandated an audit that has revealed a far deeper network of Hezbollah financiers than what U.S. federal employees had suspected. Note that it took a private sector audit to identify 200 suspect accounts rather than government-collected financial intelligence.
Businesses added just 57,000 jobs last month_ the fewest in more than a year. Governments cut 39,000 jobs. Over the past eight months, federal, state and local governments have cut a combined 238,000 positions.
7. Black long sleeve t-shirt (Primark)
This was after leaving 20 (plus or minus) messages for him and after hand delivering a letter on September 14, 2011, and getting zero response from him. So on November 1, 2011, Gordito showed up at my door at 7:30 in the morning. I thought that it was rather rude to show up so early in the morning without calling first. But rudeness from the VCSO is just the tip of the iceberg and, really, to be expected. By the way, I received a letter on November 9, 2011, from The Man that said this:
In this specific case, kelewele (pronounced kay-lay-way-lay), which is, in essence, fried, ripe plantain (generally sweet), with ginger. You can occasionally take it with peanuts as a meal. Sometimes, people take it as dessert!
Myra: God knows you have it to spare.
Watching Dark Shadows I felt firmly that it was more a Burton fantasy than a legitimate adaptation of Dan Curtis’s beloved series. Here, we get an allusion to Martin Landau’s Bela Lugosi (from Ed Wood) in Barnabas’s hypnosis-by-hand. We also get the outsider attempting to build a family for himself while facing the scorn of the community (Edward Scissorhands). We get the tragic back story of a child, like we saw in Sleepy Hollow (1999). And like Beetlejuice, the supernatural world is portrayed here as half-crazed and half-frightening.
My View :
As always, just click the caption to get our own copy :-) And please remember that all the printables offered here at the Scattered Squirrel are for personal use only. If you would like to use them for something other than personal use, please shoot me an email (email addy is on the right side bar) and we can work something out!
So then. Where were we? Ah yes. As that mouthful of a post title suggests, continuing this somewhat random week of round-ups, catch-ups, and comics archaeology, today I've got three books with absolutely nothing in common other than they were all bought at various venues around Lewes, the East Sussex town in which I live (previous Lewes Book Bargains can be found 'ere, 'ere, 'ere, and 'ere). However, as with yesterday's post about Kate Atkinson, today, along with my by-now traditional and incredibly informative ramblings about novels and authors and the like, I'll also be looking at these three books with my design head on – which is similar to my regular head, except slightly better proportioned and with a more stylish haircut – and formulating a number of highly speculative, shapeless, badly though out points about their covers. Oh you lucky, lucky people, you.
A thick cement wall
Chase: What?
Generally the income from the R&D asset must be linked to self-development of the asset through R&D within the Netherlands. There are some exceptions for multinational corporations that have operations split between domestic and international locations, so check with your Dutch tax specialist when determining if your R&D asset is eligible for taxation through the innovation box.
Djamal alleged that the concert organizers falsely claimed in their request for a permit from Aceh’s Consultative Assembly of Ulema (MPU) that the concert was a charity event whose proceeds would go to orphanages.
The three act structure runs like this (as I understand it): act 1 - characters encounter a problem, act 2 - problem gets worse, act 3 - characters solve problem. In the video, Wells repeats a Brandon Mull quip I love; "Act 1, drive your characters up a tree. Act 2, throw rocks at them. Act 3, get them out of the tree."
and the did some editing in my software (I used Microsoft Publisher).
Sarah Wells snaked her gloved hand through the hole she'd cut in the glass.
Melanie showed him the disappearing footprints, the empty license plate holder, the keys in the ignition. “It might be nothing,” she said, “but after this morning . . .”
May 03 1:52 AM
One study shows that acupuncture treatment may be effective in treating anisometropia, a condition in which one eye focuses much better than the other. Acupuncture can reduce the differences in refractive powers between the eyes so that both eyes can have similar image quality. This helps reduce the amblyopia problem. However, its long-term effectiveness remains unknown.
Hi there and welcome to Julee Tilman's Surprise Baby Shower!! If you live under a rock and hadn't heard the news, Julee and her hubby Mark are expecting IDENTICAL TWIN BOYS in March! Such an exciting time!
operatic movements
Mark Lowenstein is Managing Director of consulting firm Mobile Ecosystem. The author of three local running books (www.greatruns.net), including "Great Runs in Brookline and Vicinity," he is an avid recreational runner and outdoor enthusiast. He has run thousands of miles across dozens of communities in Massachusetts and other cities over the past 25 years. These books are terrific holiday gift items, though admittedly, December is not peak running season!
And speaking of which, an easy salmon and spinach quiche seems like the easiest idea!
Jodi Meadows expertly weaves soul-deep romance, fantasy, and danger into an extraordinary tale of new life.
You get gorgeous, you shave where you are supposed to.
I love how Courtney’s daughter’s clothes match her room! And you cannot beat the price of those banker’s boxes! How is your organization coming peeps? I received some new goodies for my office today from See Jane Work. I spent way too long browsing their website the other day. My husband didn’t understand why I didn’t just go to Staples for my office supplies?!
And I thought it would be kind of special
Add the drained rice and stir it in gently, so that all of the ingredients are well combined.
I have a tremendous amount of guilt over this.
I am going to log them hopefully before the end of the week and then i will start putting the package together.
There are some who would take the word "fan" and go all the way with "fanatic". I'm sure that you have heard on the news of people beating people up because they were not rooting for the "right" team. Sad, I think, to take anything so seriously as to wound or injure someone else. And also sad that they are not willing to see the other person's point of view either. This is true of so many things in life: politics, religion, even friendships. Isn't there a better way to live life rather than burying your head in the sand and not being willing to discuss the differences? For lack of a different word "debate" comes to mind. Some people are not willing to debate the issues.
7. Playing With Fire
“I want all citizens concerned about this case to realize that my department responded to this call and has taken action necessary to enhance the chances of a successful prosecution of the suspects,” Lopey said in the release. “This department fielded calls just prior to the response on March 30, and forwarded one call to Animal Control. The recent allegations that we ignored or disregarded calls related to this case are not true, pursuant to a dispatch audit conducted by the department. We are aggressively investigating this case.”
(more words from the truest fan)
Luckily, I didn’t need to worry so much – Kahaani is a brilliant roller-coaster ride of a film which grabs the viewer from the outset and takes its time to unfold with plenty of surprises to be had. What I really liked was how Kahaani managed to multitask so effortlessly – characterisation, relevant sub-plots (that did not distract nor slow down the momentum of the film) as well as presenting Kolkota in a way that befitted the film but also felt very realistic. I also loved how every loose end was neatly tied up as well as the way the story is set up for repeat viewings – with careful layering, there is clearly more than meets the eye and an interesting sub-text hidden inside Kahaani.
And now i'm afraid to eat because i don't want to be critised for eating too much.
Rates for April are: $7 for one month or $15 for three months. This includes a 150x100px ad on my right sidebar, inclusion in a group sponsor post (a new feature!), and an optional giveaway post.
Trying to prove I am genuine to societies and closed help-groups who deal with these issues I would much prefer to understand before I progress, is a real hurdle. I would like to be one of those people who can just pretend, rummage through a few websites and magazines, read a couple of case studies and churn out word-counts, but that just is not me. Arguably, surely understanding the subject as a writer you hope to represent, as broadly as possible is the ideal?
Given today’s economy, efficiency is imperative. However, achieving efficiency often exposes a gap between best practice (standardized processes) and efficiency (saving time and money). Most tend to focus more on saving time and money, rather than concentrating on efficiency. The goal should be to create a healthier balance of both.
Great insight as usual!
Soon I Will Be Invincible, Austin Grossman
Days I exercised: 2
OH NO!!!
Well, it was no surprise when he asked for my number. And he called me a few days later, and we saw a Woody Allen film, and then we went out for dinner and talked and talked and talked (and he told me the 11 plus story). And we've been talking pretty much non stop for the last twenty years, although it took us three years to get around to getting married, because believe me, nothing makes my husband go at any pace except his own. Which is one of the many things that I love about him, even as I am infuriated.
Cheers with wine!
An appointed Parliamentary Committee on National Security (PCNS) then deliberately moved at a snail’s pace to perform the task on hand, while the Pentagon explored alternative ways of ferrying goods into Afghanistan via other countries to sustain its war there. By contrast, a vociferous campaign against the reopening of the Pakistani supply lines led by the Difa-e Pakistan Council (Defense of Pakistan), representing 40 religious and political groups, headed by Hafiz Saeed, took off. Its leaders have addressed huge rallies in major Pakistani cities. It was quick to condemn Washington’s bounty on Saeed, describing it as “a nefarious attempt” to undermine the Council’s drive to protect the country’s sovereignty.
Won't Get Fooled Again
* One night, they played "Unconditional Love," a game where half the kids close their eyes and the other half goes around hugging people. Then they switch. It's evidently pretty cool, because you don't know who's hugging you, so you just relax and accept the hugs without the pre/misconceptions of identity.
Suffice it to say that she's not only found repute as a pianist but as a teacher and educator of young children; her Federation Square concerts have inculcated and nurtured a love of music in countless families.
Breathe in the negativity.
The haunting part about going down that road now is that there are no trees and no beautiful old homes left.
April 9 = National Coffee Cake Day -- we have a post lined up for you all ready where I try a recipe from a cookbook I need to review
At 3 years 10 months, Colton Burpo was a sunny child, a preacher’s son certain of his faith and his eternal fate. Then his appendix burst, and as doctors failed to figure out what was wrong with him, he lay in a hospital bed until his father, Todd, saw “the shadow of death” cross his face. “I recognized it instantly,” Todd, a pastor, recalls. With Colton’s face “covered in death,” Todd and his wife, Sonja, took the boy to another hospital, where he was wheeled into surgery. “He’s not in good shape,” the surgeon said. As Colton screamed for his father, Todd fled, locked himself in a room and railed at God.
The Red Sox had some tough breaks last night. Lester was hoping for a few called balls to be strikes, then there was the fielding error by Marlon Byrd which allowed Butler to score in the bottom of the 1st, advanced Francoeur to 3rd, and placed Johnny Giavotella on 1st. Brayan Pena then scored 2 RBIs on a double to left field that put the Royals up 3-0. The Royals later added the go-ahead run in the bottom of the 4th after the Red Sox scored 3 runs to tie the game on a 3-run double by Adrian Gonzalez on the top of the 4th. The Red Sox were obviously not able to produce anything to stop another loss that placed the Red Sox at now .400 baseball. Also Lester ended in five innings, giving up four runs on six hits and one of which was just a single earned run. He struck out three as well.
All the news channels everyday start with the present economic and political situation in Europe, the Euro zone, The EU. Someone has lost everyone’s savings and the finger is being pointed at reckless bankers gambling to make large fortunes for themselves with other people’s money. It is all incredibly complicated and becoming quite tedious. Folk who don’t live in or around Europe or who have not visited will be either completely disinterested in the goings on or unsure what Europe’s problems actually consist of. Many Americans probably think that Europe is just one big melting pot of people who cannot count.
the service held to
I want to go up there one year
Henrietta’s family did not learn of her “immortality” until more than twenty years after her death, when scientists investigating HeLa began using her husband and children in research without informed consent. And though the cells had launched a multimillion-dollar industry that sells human biological materials, her family never saw any of the profits. The story of the Lacks family—past and present—is inextricably connected to the dark history of experimentation on African Americans, the birth of bioethics, and the
This is how journalists in countries supportive of the ANC report on murder and crime in the New South Africa in an attempt to try and make the ANC Regime look good. Please remember that to this day CANADA still is one of the strongest supporters of the ANC. They have to try and protect their investment don't they?
This trip made me feel really proud of Belfast. It has suffered so much from the Troubles, but in recent times it is proving itself to be a wonderful, friendly, amazing city full of life and history and lovely people. I felt I saw a different side to it today and I felt proud of my roots.
I hope that this christmas is even better than the last. with more sticky toffee pudding than last year.
in between going to my son's american kenpo karate belt test where he earned his 6th belt, a green belt, going out with friends to celebrate aforementioned belt testing, making dinner for some new friends who bought a house i was processing berries. the trick to freezing them is gently washed berries layed out on your freezer shelves in a single layer, and then when frozen placed in freezer bags.
lovely nymphs of
Women’s Support Network, Cape Town; the Durban Social Forum,
Wowza Media Systems is the “Any Screen Done Right™” media server software company delivering an industrial-strength infrastructure for streaming live video, video-on-demand, live recording, and video chat. Wowza has a singular focus on delivering high-performance media server software to service providers, media properties, enterprises, and other organizations serious about delivering video to any digital screen — computer, mobile phone, or home TV. More than 100,000 global licensees in entertainment, social media, advertising, enterprise, education, government, and Internet commerce have deployed Wowza Media Server to date. Wowza Media Systems is privately held with headquarters in Evergreen, Colo.
The objective of my talk is to present the wax collage work of contemporary painters, sculptors, bookmakers and printmakers whose singular expression transcends both encaustic and collage.
Favorite Line: “I say, ‘I won’t be long. Just hangin’ with the girls.’ / A lie I didn’t have to tell / Because we both know where I’m about to go / And we know it very well”
Suddenly it dawned on me… Why American monolinguals vote for Regugnicans and Democraps; they can’t filter the verbal diarrhea spouted by either party.
Travellers are also advised to note that flight options may be constrained over the coming week as pilgrims travel to Saudi Arabia to participate in the Hajj.
Illamasqua Liquid Metal in Surge on inner corners,
We celebrated Chelsea's birthday early...as a family..because her actual birthday was in Iowa...without, Dad and the 3 little ones!
During the Tohoku Celebration of Hope March 2-4, the BGEA team got to know and love members of the Samaritan’s Purse Japan staff who have been working in the Sendai area for most of the last year.
who cries like
We had Lulu for about 7 years and then she just disappeared one night. Chelsea was heartbroken. At that time, she didn't want another cat because she said that no other cat would be as good as Lulu. Instead, she got a baby brother.
If you want to think about getting suppliers to play ball, look at their second lever of getting suppliers to hold more inventory — a lot more inventory. There are some really tough questions here. For example, who is paying for this? If the inventory is on the supplier’s books, why should they necessarily give Toyota preference in the event of a disruption?
Positive outlook
Happy Reading! During March we are donating 50 cents for each legitimate comment we receive on all our blogs to the American Cancer Society.
“You should also look at Event Property Damage Insurance – this covers loss or damage to your property, or property you are responsible for, at your event or travelling to and from it.”
The brain imaging data showed a strong correlation between sacred values and activation of the neural systems associated with evaluating rights and wrongs (the left temporoparietal junction) and semantic rule retrieval (the left ventrolateral prefrontal cortex), but not with systems associated with reward.
The weather today looks as miserable as I feel and have being for quite sometime.
1242 *D-IV/21(A)/1996. “Maurice F. X. Donohue (1911-1995).” Dedication, Works of the Mind Lecture, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1997(3), above.)
7. What is your favorite word in the English language?
Jashi nodded her readiness. Pevan counted, "Three... two... one..."
When I’m jamming on my iPod I feel at ease. I don’t worry about school, my friends, work, or my family; I’m at my version of this utopian awesomeness. The sucky part is that I can’t really describe the awesomeness that I feel when I’m in this bubble. I’m tranquil, happy. I can escape and daydream about whatever the hell is on my mind. I can think freely, and isn’t that what we all want deep down inside?
For the most part, though, RIN is really engaging storytelling with great animation and a serious, supernatural vibe. You always get the feeling that these are real characters with real problems and that makes me willing to watch them. If we could have gotten a full season of Rin’s detective agency, I’d have watched every episode. If we’d gotten a full season of angels violating and then eating immortals, I’d have passed.
3) Submit a project within the challenge theme (no backlinks)
Best Coast are a lo-fi, surf-pop band from LA. They were picked as “New Band of the Day” by The Guardian back in 2009, and have received various other similar titles.
The accident came just two months after a deadly crash involving two trains on China’s high-speed rail network for which officials blamed bad weather and a signal failure. The July 23 crash in the eastern city of Wenzhou killed 40 people and injured nearly 200.
For story time this week, we've been reading a fun book called Every Day on Earth; Fun factst hat Happen every 24 hours. One fact was about Koala Bears. It said:
The use of chelation therapy, a long-term injection by a physician of a cocktail of synthetic amino acid, ethylenediaminetetracetic acid, and anticoagulant drugs and nutrients, is controversial.
NAME: Jean Alesi
The way it works with me is this: I will grab everything I think I need and head to the basement. If I don’t think there’s an immediate threat, I will run back up the stairs and grab something else, anything else. I’ll stockpile as much as I can in the basement. If I have time, I’m saving everything.
But God has never promised that we would always be healed of our physical ailments. In fact, even the Apostle Paul had physical ailments and wrote to the church about ways to help when they were physically sick. Not even Lazarus, who Jesus raised from the dead, was given permanent physical healing. One of the reasons for physical ailments in believers is so that we learn to depend on God’s grace to be sufficient. That is what God told Paul about his “thorn is the side”.
Article 9 of the Japanese constitution expressly forbids the nation entering into any form of collective self-defense. A formal partnership with the world’s only military bloc is doing just that.
The way back was faster, and partly spent in the timelessness of walking in the clouds that caught up to us.
Said Plummer:
Today it was a steak knife.
“Dunno where he is,” I tell Joey. Down at the bar, I guess. Prick.
Y'all. The wedding is seriously just 4 months and some change away. I feel like every time I think about it it's a month closer and less and less has been done. (Seriously. Nothing has been finalized since my Save vs. Splurge post, except the dessert bar baker!) It's normal to second guess stuff before you book it right? Like our honeymoon for instance. We keep looking at different things/places, and it feels impossible for us to make a commitment.
Finally, the “citation needed” is not longer. So this is where he’s coming from…Trouble is, I can’t get my hands on said paper.
I also made a Backpack Mini Album. I worked on it through April and had planned on giving it to my niece to give to her preschool teacher for an end of the year gift. Then life happened well, I had one page left to do, and then my not-so-fun hospital filled May happened. School ended. I was still hospitalized, and I couldn't give it to her. I was so upset! At least they didn't ASK me to make it, and didn't even know I had made it, so they weren't dissapointed, but I was. I AM. So now i will have to think of a different use for it. Maybe I will just put pictures of my niece in it to document her preschool year! We shall see. I took pictures of it, but they don't do it justice, and there are just a TON of them. So instead, I will shoot a video of it. I LOVE the album!! I will try to do the video this week so that I can share it with you all! :) Here is a sneak peek though!!
I would have just gone up and said hello at the party, but either I couldn't catch his eye or he was ignoring me. I decided to talk to the host instead of just fiddling with my BlackBerry. Another guy was standing there, and we included him in the conversation. The host walked off, so I introduced myself to the guy and we started chatting. He was age-appropriate, ringless, tall, thin, fair-skinned, and an engineer, but it was "we" this and "we" that, so I assumed he was married. I asked a question about his wife, which he started to answer, then said he got divorced recently. Oh-kay! I flirted slightly; felt a connection. Then I see one other person I know arriving--the woman who fixed me up with Dancer. She's got a boyfriend but she's always saying it's casual and asking if I have men for her.
I don't want to have to rely on anyone to start coping with all this and changing my ways but I must have faith in people more. I ALWAYS fear the worst and worst ALWAYS does not happen. There is a lesson there.
1. “Birthday Cake” by Rihanna ft. Chris Brown
I lucked out one day when I was buying dill cukes. Upon leaving the house I swore I would not be doing any more canning as my feet were ready to fall off by the time I’d done 25 jars of tomatoes and 20 jars of pickled beets. However, when I got to the farmer’s market, one of the vendors was selling organic dill cukes. As I somewhat begrudgingly filled my bag with cukes, a gentleman asked me if I would be pickling them. I said, “Yes,” and sighed as I realized I’d be up until midnight again. He said he had a better way of doing them. Of course I asked HOW?
Difficulty 2 (out of 5)
I know it’s crazy
In 1962, he was traumatized by the death of Jane Cooney Baker, the object of his first serious romantic attachment. Bukowski turned his inner devastation into a series of poems and stories lamenting her passing. Jane is considered to be the greatest love of his life and was the most important in a long series of muses who inspired his writing.
I love my girls and their daughters and I can’t wait to see them, too.
Thank you all for the birthday wishes on Twitter and Facebook. You rock my socks!
Dad kept playing the game – oblivious – in a state of such pure geometric ecstasy that breakfast, fire, home, space and time, all receded to the realm of the inconvenient and unpalatable.
I have no idea where or if Stinky Slinky (a skunk?) was published, but it was done for a third publisher. Woolfolk coded the scripts with the buyer's initials for awhile (D for DC and R for romance for Orbit, for instance); Stinky Slinky he coded F, so just perhaps it was meant for Fawcett's Funny Animals. Fawcett, of course, dropped their comic book line at this point.
The winner of our $20.00 gift card to the 7 Kids College Fund store, chosen by random.org, is
11. March 2007 Honey Bees
· Silicone is a non-stick material. The bane of all chefs’ lives is the clean-up stage, scrubbing pots and pans, disposing of waste and sanitising work surfaces. Thankfully the cleanup-friendly properties of silicone ease this task. Perhaps the most obvious is the fact that silicone is non-stick. This means food will not get left baked on and crumbs easily brush off. Secondly, thanks to the flexible construction, any food caught in crevices can be removed by inverting the silicone. For those of us lucky (or lazy) enough to own dishwashers, silicone is perfectly safe and as an additional benefit, will not damage other cookware by clattering around thanks to its soft texture.
Funny, as awful as that place was, now that it's nigh on 20 years later, it seems only like the BEST FUN EVER. Just for one night, I'd like to be that goofy 20-21 year-old with some of my best buds in the world, knowing that I wasn't hip but having a really fun time pretending to be. I think that, honestly, is my secret self; the one inside the soccer mom who cuts coupons to stretch the paychecks. Sometimes, she burns a little on the inside.
I just want to rest in your arms
To my legions of black readers, who will scream, “What about the victim’s rights!?,” I say, under Florida’s Stand Your Ground Law, Trayvon Martin was not a crime victim. I suggest you concern yourselves with young blacks who really are crime victims.
all 22 or more of us
Until next week, stay warm!
My inspiration for this card came from Joanne Wardle's article in the August Craft Stamper magazine for using resist techniques, but I didn't keep mine to a one layer card - of course I went on to embellish it more. I used art masking fluid as the resist for the centre sentiment to be stamped onto.
And, of course, the wall really did come down at the end. With one mighty shove the stage-prop bricks came tumbling apart to reveal the band playing behind it.
I feel like the Bazooka sets are what Topps Opening Day SHOULD be. Fun sets aimed at a slightly younger audience. I wouldn't mind them altering Topps Opening Day and giving it a slightly more "fun" design, much like the old Bazooka sets. But that probably won't happen. Anyway, onto the pack.
Thinking Plague – This Weird Wind
Palmer goes onto to state several negative things about the job that he would not like such as … “I would not like having to give up my writing and my teaching…I would not like the politics of the presidency, never knowing who your real friends are…”
I think he forgot to take his pill that morning. I can't confirm this, but from the way he'd been acting all day it seems pretty evident. The kids even noticed. One of them asked me why he was picking fights. I had no answer.
If I remember right, our great country got it start, in a round about way, in the great month of November. Our founding fathers landed early because they were running out of beer. How could the Home Depot forget about a monumental occasion such as this?
Not everyone talks the same.
Tights - Target
Just before Christmas I looked after a group of young people who were keen to ‘try something different’ from the restaurants’ Beer List. The blokes were all ‘mainstream drinkers’ but had tried Little Creatures and some James Squire stuff and so were keen to extend themselves.
Finally, there were some noteworthy contrasts in terms of street-by-street cleanliness: Eastern was patchy (certain landlords clearly care more than others), Lincoln was covered in litter, and the three saints (John, Frank, and Chuck) were as clean as their names suggest. I don't know enough about the specifics of the streets to explain this. Things also got messier near the avenues, but that's to be expected: the get a lot more traffic and are a lot more anonymous than residential streets.
I find the answer in 2 Corinthians...
What benefits and/or disadvantages have arisen from this distribution method?
I knew you had inside your heart a lonely part
~ strawberries and basil
I received a copy of this novel as part of an ARC tour back in May of 2011, and I must say that this is a truly beautiful novel. The amount of depth Moskowitz pours into her characters is amazing, and I am in awe of Moskowitz’s sheer writing capabilities. I read this novel in one sitting; it was that good. Originally drawn to the novel due to its relation to the Beltway Snipers that ravaged the Maryland/D.C./Virginia areas, I was floored by the intensity of the characters, Craig and Lio, as they struggle to make sense of their tumultuous lives while also dealing with the anxiety of the sniper shootings and remnants of September 11, 2001. This was a beautiful blend of history and fiction, and Moskowitz stays true to the harrowing events of 2002, adding much strength to this powerful novel. The vivid descriptions and alternate perspectives of the characters allows the reader to become one with the story, connecting with the events and characters in a way that makes the reader feel as if they are in the story themselves.
Right?!
What to do? For a season we held meetings on the sidewalk outside our front door on Madison Street, just east of Ogden. With a little public address system we preached, prayed, sang. It’s a form of Salvation Army activity known among Army oldtimers as an open air meeting. Our location was perfect. Plenty of people to harass/bless with our open air. It got to the point where a pimp warned us to stop it or else. Made us nervous.
God leads me beside the quiet waters He restores my soul. Hold onto Jesus
Please Mr. Please...Olivia Newton John
Every family has their favorite brand of rice. Our's was Mahatma Extra Long Grain White, which would be considered frou-frou by my thrifty cousins. They preferred the short-grain, which was cheaper and just as good (they said).
**I've noticed a lot of searches for RECIPES that are pulling up this entry. The thing with the pancake puff pan is that you don't really need a separate recipe for pancakes or brownies or anything that I've tried to make so far. I just use the same simple recipe for pancakes or brownies to make them. My son really wants me to make him a pancake puff birthday cake which I will try to do with regular cake mix and frosting and just stack them all together.**
The after effects of shame last longer than
So what can it do for you that all these other networks cannot?
not that i did not know that before
Heeeellllloooooo Blog!
1 pushed
But there will be more goals, eventually. And once I do get a job and we do know where we’ll be, let the race registration begin!
Fortunately, I didn’t hit anyone, and Madonna was loud enough to (almost) cover up my misdeed.
Seagal’s intent results in an incredibly obnoxious vanity piece. The oil company is pure evil. Employees at one point torture and old man by first breaking his fingers, then chopping his arms off The graphic scene is as excessive as it is implausibly dumb. The Eskimos threatened by the oil company’s negligence are doe eyed noble savages who send Taft on a vision quest full of naked women to convince him to fight Jennings.
You’re now the proud owner of pea and ham soupy.
Paul Bonner
But, I went, and I conquered my fear by just rolling ink out on a plexiglas plate and "drawing" in the ink with a loaned paintbrush. I worked the monoprint until the model was finished with her second pose. (And, although I wish I could have captured the gesture of her hand better, I am pretty dang pleased with myself... Thanks dear, for making me go! And, thanks to the nice and welcoming people at TLP!)
Which brings me to the point – how to survive the wedding bubble? So many will give you advice on how to do things, what to do and when to do it. But honestly, I read blog after blog, post after post which by the way I LOVE doing but it brings me to the one and same conclusion. Do things your way.
The one player and two hirelings left limped back up out of the maw. Everyone was bummed. To say it cast a pall on the evening would be accurate. Part of the problem is our infrequent playing makes the events of play disjointed and it is hard for them to learn as players. I mean, I think most of them had missile weapons. Why would you not use them in this situation that seems the reason you'd carry them around for? One of the magic-users even had magic missile memorized and didn't cast it!
To enter, you will need to follow my blog and then leave a comment below letting me know what pattern you would purchase if you win the $10.00. Please leave an email address (soandso AT hotmail dot com) so that I can contact you if you win.
Lilly: Well, I guess so, you're the guy I work for.
The self of the tiger and the self of the deer are eternal and the same. They are viSNu, the bhUtAtma, the paramAtma.
Anyway, I had the most vivid dream not too long ago (though longer ago now that it’s been a WEEK since I’ve tried to tell this the first time). It’s not often I’m able to remember my dreams at all, much less remember so much of the “storyline.”
(before)
Most sad for Pat Rice whose final home match was well & truly spoilt today. Sorry Pat, you deserved better. Hell, we all deserved better.
I think I am quite tired though, maybe it is that simple, I never used to feel this way, I used to enjoy it all so much. Maybe I just need some extra ssssssssssssssssss (!) See I have definitely lost them! Maybe I am just feeling the effects of time, like a creaking old gate. Heres a little funny to show that I am not a complete misery! A few of you will have already seen it on my facebook page!
really really melodramatic and full of sound and fury.
2. What you see, is not always what you get, there is inevitably far more.
But this can't be placed entirely at the feet of faceless bureaucracy. The football program was too beloved of the general public, too protected by sentiment, for a proper sense of shame to make any sort of impression upon those with wickedness brewing rot in their hearts. Sports should not occupy such a ritualized , pseudo-religious niche in the folkways of a healthy society. Is it because there's a lack of public religion in this college environment? Honestly, I don't know - I'm such an agnostic, I'm seriously detached from the religious life of the community. The football game pilgrimage was the one thing that united the increasingly-leftwing university/student community and the middle-of-the-road nonpolitical-sort-of-conservative alumni and county communities outside of the Centre Region townships and the borough.
First, there’s the media frenzy over the “Hollow Man,” a gutless corpse found on the beach. And yet people think it’s perfectly normal to find dead sharks in the middle of downtown boulevards—or to spot black mushroom clouds behind the airport. Then there are the roving bands of carjackers who suddenly find themselves inconvenienced. Not to mention people lurking outside sex-addiction meetings.
1 large clove garlic
You see, the quantum measurement problem is supposed to be a problem which forever derails people from any professional achievement because it’s a very difficult problem. People have tried it for decades and have not been able to solve it. But I thought, “I have nothing to lose and I am going to investigate only truth, so why not see?” Quantum physics was something I knew very well. I had researched quantum physics all my life, so why not do the quantum measurement problem? So that’s how I came to ask this question, “What agency converts possibility into actuality?” And it still took me from 1975 to 1985 until, through a mystical breakthrough, I came to recognize this.
It is an understatement to say that my family loves crab (my nine year old can easily eat her weight in crab!). The whole week, I was on the hunt for THE perfect crab cake. I tasted a few delicious runners up, but determined that we could either detour to Maryland on the drive home or I’d have to cook my own crab cake at home. For this trip, the detour was not practical. So, home cooked crab cake was the next best thing! I hope that you have an opportunity to get to the beach soon to do your own crab cake research. Let me know how this one stacks up against what you find at the coast. Enjoy!
But where in the scriptures does it talk about becoming like Christ? Where did we get this idea from? The only thing I can see are the passages that deal with being conformed to His image. Perhaps we have paraphrased that to be “becoming like Christ”. If that is so, and I believe it is, then we must look at the context of each of those passages. In what context are we to be conformed to His image?
I looked up the link on KnowURL.com (cool resource, by the way), and it had a history of distributing malware from Russia!! I'm glad I didn't click on it!
So, instead of telling the girl on the bus how much I liked her hair, I went ahead and asked her what books she liked. She told me that her mom was reading The Little House in the Prairie to her at night, and that they read one chapter per night, unless it was a long chapter, in which case they read half. We talked about books for five bus stops (that's a long time in midtown traffic!) and then I asked her what she had for breakfast. "Pancakes," she said. I told her that I loved pancakes with lemon and sugar, and her mom looked up and said, "That's how I ate them growing up in Germany." And then the little girl told me how she had gone on an airplane (!) to Germany earlier that summer and how she had seen a fox during her trip and how her grandparents took to her swimming and to the movies, where you could eat pizza in your seats.
She makes my heart melt when she comes up with little gems every so often, like telling me she loves me all the way up to the sun...
Henrietta Post
Note to other booksellers: If you’re going to organise a big author event involving lots of schools – don’t organise it on a day when there is a big strike on and lots of schools are going to be closed.
You can guess what happens with the next white sheet right? I knew you could.
paper bag - see fainting mishaps
She kisses him and leaves.
With all the painting I’ve been doing lately, I’ve also had to do lots of removing. That’s my least favorite part, and also probably my husband’s least favorite. It really isn’t the nail polish that always smells so bad, it’s the polish remover! Well, one of the last times I was at CVS buying nail polish, I also happened to grab one of these nifty little polish removers. I’ve used one before and remember liking it, but wow, I REALLY like it! It makes removing polish so easy and even comes with a cool little sponge to use on your toes. If you hate using regular remover with cotton balls or tissue, get yourself one of these! You just stick your finger down into the sponge and twist a few times. It works really fast, doesn’t smell too bad, and is supposed to be good for your cuticles. Glitter polishes will always be harder to remove (I keep some pure acetone around for that), but for your regular polishes, this thing is the way to go.
CUTE!!
The title of the sequel to James Cameron’s “Avatar“ has just been announced! It’s “Bvatar”.
Then on Sunday, I crafted proposals for my gallery in OKC and a college gallery in another state that wants to see what's coming up with my photography. The OKC gallery and I still have to decide the theme and what to show in the OKC gallery at the end of the year, which will affect what images get printed first.
Each of the modules is explained in greater detail on the website. At the risk of repetition I have to say that the course curriculum for the three month program is extremely well balanced, covering the subjects of 'general IP', patent drafting, patent examination, oppositions, revocations, administrative, constitutional law, basic principles of natural justice and the Right to Information Act, 2005. The training also seems to focus on practical skills such as the use of electronic databases to conduct prior art searches, search strategies and several case-studies on each of the theoretical components. At the risk of sounding terrible geeky, the 3 month training course at NIIPM sounds extremely exciting and I hope the new appointees enjoy their training.
I’ve been telling you (telepathically) for years to just end it at the end of Aizen’s super-arc. I must’ve said it a thousand times!
Update: Thanks for the link at NRO where former Assistant United States Attorney in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing conviction has more: Triple Play! Obama Blows Off Congress, Funds Palestinians, Lies About PA Stance on Israel
Paul told his audience in verse 5, that his job was to bring the believers to Jerusalem to be punished. How would this be done? They would be scourged, beaten with rods, forcing them to deny the Lord. This would result in blasphemy, a verbal degradation of deity. This is what Paul admitted in Acts 26:11. “And I punished them oft in every synagogue, and compelled them to blaspheme.” He was trying to force his own belief upon them.
So cool in line, and we try try try, but we try too hard and it's a waste of my time
5 Four
If you haven't used these, I do recommend them It's a two ruler combo. One for the center piece and then the other for the outsides. If you have fabric that has a right and wrong side, you need to take care and cut correctly for both sides. Easy Peasy.
I grabbed a few to start with, they definitely weren't as cute as the Motherhood ones, but I liked the price much better. Well, the ones I started with, were disastrous!! So awful, ugly feeling, walrus feeling!! Basically toooooo small. So I went back for some more. I finally found a Tankini top to fit my boobs and it actually feels nice around the growing belly---not tight at all---right now!----and a little skirt bottom!! Never thought I'd be wearing a skirt swimsuit bottom, but it is really quite nice! So I had my two pieces and went back just to make sure I had the right sizes so I grabbed the same things just in different sizes. I ended up going a bit bigger with the skirt bottom and stayed with my original top. The top is black with magenta polka-dots, and the skirt is just black. So, even though, I know I don't look like a '10', I definitely felt like a '10' from what I first started with.
A guard, dressed in the scarlet colors of the king, walked in stiffly. “Five minutes until your appearance, my lady.”
But that's not the end of the story, by any means.
The police are antagonistic, hostile to family and friends or anyone else who supports a prisoner, and driven by conviction targets, not focussed on harm reduction. The courts are both overstretched and run like a boys club, trials a pantomime of the prosecution portraying a monster, the defence portraying a saint and the truth being lost at every turn, and sentencing is so inconsistent as to be a virtual lottery. Prisons are an anachronism, hopelessly out-dated and only adding harm to the sum of hurt already suffered. All of which means that if a man is afraid he might commit a crime, the very last thing he will do is tell the police.
You do not have to mark their clothes/belongings before they arrive. They will learn the system to mark their things after they report.
or sitting in a cave in the midnight in the middle of a desert
Me: "What??? A brown, green and tan Easter bunny???"
Things started to surface, things that would have been huge red flags at the time. Had I known about them. Like the fact that I didn’t know until he was already in my heart that he was living, platonically supposedly, with another woman. Or the fact that he had been homeless for about a year and living in a storage unit because his own Mother kicked him out because he “was too much”, he admitted. Or the fact that since he had been laid off from some great plant job about 6 years ago, he hasn’t really worked since- not steadily. And that changed to not at all since October of year one (we started in July). Or, the best one yet, that each and every problem he has can be laid at someone’s feet. How about the fact that he hates kissing, can only have sex if I’m on top, or is 11 years older than me? These are very good reasons that I should have ran. But I didn’t.
3. I've read many times that it's a mistake to put too much about yourself in a query letter; that agents don't care how old you are, etc. I'm 16. Does that make it different for me -- should I mention my age in the initial query? I don't want to risk an agent just hitting "delete" on my query or throwing it out when he or she sees "16," without considering me for my writing first. I also don't want an agent to feel like I was deliberately holding back information or being dishonest, if I'm lucky enough to get beyond that initial query stage and actually talk to an agent about representation (at which point I realize my age would definitely have to come up). Would the idea of working with a teenage author really cause an agent to back away?
Can't wait to see you!
The Blog of Legal Times has reported that Al Rajhi Bank (a big-time Islamic bank known for its ties to terrorism) is challenging the U.S. Patriot Act in federal court and asking for a subpoena for the bank’s records to be quashed. From BLT by Jordan Weissmann on Jan. 20:
This was a 2 layer image so I had to cut out another set for the grey color
“Remember, touch neither food nor drink upon Tormac’s table. Stay close to your father. When you return, I will undo this magic knot myself, for I have set the original tying spell. Glowgold will then lock the queen’s gift back in this cedar chest, and you will be able to wear it once more, when need arises. Now, go! Titrimia’s Eyes be upon you!”
“I’m Stick James,” the man says, as if the name might mean something, “You might have heard of me. I’m a RAP artist for Scratch Records.”
Dedicated to helping you succeed…
Highlight the bold side of nature’s palette by creating your own display with a few easy to find materials. First pick out the style & number of frames for your wall. On a piece of cold press board (a sturdy textured paper) paint the outline of the paper about an inch big using imperfect strokes using frisket ( a liquid that masks areas you don’t want painted.) Pick out different branches of foliage, the best flowers and leaves to use have defined shapes avoid slender stems or wispy leaves. Try to collect pieces that lay flat for a bolder look then paint over them using your favorite color spray paint using spring colors for a bright new edge in any room.
The overwhelming majority of objects brought together for this exhibition have been lent by other institutions; by livery companies; by private collectors; and not least by Her Majesty the Queen. Aside from those mentioned above we have original scores of Handel’s Water Music and Music for the Royal Fireworks; 18C musical instruments; landscape paintings and original architect and engineering drawings; flags, livery and uniforms; royal souvenirs and gifts. My favourite: a huge carved Stuart coat of arms from the ship Royal Charles, captured by the Dutch and still in their possession!
1 steal
To get involved (and I hope you want to!), send me a email at courageousgrace (at) gmail (dot) com with the subject "Guest Who," and we'll have loads of fun doing our posts!
How many have already failed? Or on the brink of failure? How many are still being planned?
"All the possessions were seized and burnt," Pasha said.
I've wanted to do something Dr Who'ish with the old police telephone box, so I've just inked up this tag, added the words with some mini letter stamps I have and there we have an ideal Dr Who party invite !
Tangerine tango as you may know is this year's design color a la Pantone. The now popular use of this color has made me a fan of this red and yellow love child. It is of course a signature color of my favorite brand for scarves and provides surprising sophistication in the pumpkin range of colors. On the other end of the spectrum, it can be paired with brighter colors and reminds me of the orange sherbet I had every summer during my childhood when it is done in a brighter hue.
Fairytale Town and local organizations are spending the day promoting environmental awareness. Bring your kids so the whole family can learn about global warming, conservation and pollution. Kids can participate in all sorts of recycled hands-on art activities. "The Three Little Pigs" will be performed by the Puppet Art Theater with a conservation twist. Puppet show tickets are $1 for members and $2 for nonmembers. Children aged one and younger get in free. Showings will be held at 12:30 p.m., 1:30 p.m. and 2:30 p.m.
I am suggesting we live for something more than a number.
Both of which his local police are aware of.
Lots of folks are interested in getting their hands on Abdullah Senussi. So far, France and Libya have requested that he be turned over to them. Scotland is probably working on an extradition request tonight as I write this article. Germany might contemplate it. The USA and the UK have reasons to speak to him, but might not bother getting in the extradition line. If he is brought to trial, we can expect, at best, an inadequate and incomplete justice. But more justice is better than no justice. I’ll take what I can get.
“We currently have eight Xian JH-7 fighter-bombers and two Shannxi Y-8 transports at our disposal,” Watanabe outlined his squadron’s capabilities.
Wow time flies, #85?! We're approaching our two year blog-iversary too! We have had so much fun with this blog, and hopefully you have too! Fabric Tuesday has definitely been a highlight for us, hence why we have had so many other link-ups LOL :)
…and then Connor has a minor breakdown about why the cartoon girl won’t listen to him, Nick complains about stupid girls on stupid shows, and I have visions of strangling Dora. We don’t watch Dora anymore. Ever.
Finding their way into the hearts of the mincing public last year, Wake and Dephosphorus are a natural pairing for this latest split through 7 Degrees Records.
Jesse is on a UN Youth Ambassadors camp in New York when his subway carriage is rocked by an explosion. Jesse and his three friends, Dave, Mini and Anna, crawl out from the wreckage to discover a city in chaos. Streets are deserted. Buildings are in ruins. Worse, the only other survivors seem to be infected with a virus that turns them into horrifying predators...
2 dashes angostura bitters
The candy wrappers cookies imo weren't very well piped as i was rushing through and felt that my piping wasn't as delicate as i would like..plus my arm and hand were tired after icing 120+ cookies. As you can see, i did the heart shaped cookies first and the rest later.. My friend's wedding is on Christmas Eve, so i added the snowflakes there so she can put on her dessert table.
Slowly add the cream or milk and a little bit at a time until the desired consistency is met. (I didn't add any as I used an extra light cream cheese and I wanted the frosting to hold its shape when piped onto the cupcakes). Beat until fluffy, approx 1 min.
With all this functional convergence in one product, one has to wonder how long mobile phones or smartphones will continue to be known as phones, since their capability now equals or exceeds the equivalent standalone device and approaches that of net pols and laptops. Interestingly, although it refers to the new N8 as a smartphone on the majority of it’s website, Nokia, in the sales package section of its specifications web page uses the phrase ‘Nokia N8 mobile computer’, a small but powerful phrase which surely describes the true capability of these devices.
Both have said that they won’t return for a 4th movie.
A smile that is half-heartedly returned, as we now see the teller allows her true feelings to come out now that Manny is leaving. The change in her face almost rhyming with Shot 39, except we know that the teller is putting on an act. Her eye movement at the end of the shot leads to...
Will she understand? … I can’t deal with this shit right now
Impatient people had lower credit scores. A low credit score can indicate some problems with credit in the past, like failing to pay bills or defaulting on a mortgage. “Conceptually, it does make sense that how people discount the future, i.e. how impatient they are, affects their decision to default on their loans,” Meier says. “Individuals accumulate debt and then have to decide whether to repay the money or use the money for something else?” If they don’t pay off their debt, they will have short-term benefits – any cash on hand is available for something else – but the costs/problems come much later, when a landlord, mortgage lender, or someone else sees their bad credit report.The paper, and the economist quoted in the article, make much of a "decision to default", as if "impatient" people, i.e. those with lower future time orientation, went around doing a lot of deliberating about their life choices. But some people have choices, others have choices thrust upon them. And still others make their choices without any thought for the future.
Can one thing written in print undo everything he’s talked about and believed for 40 years?
I spoke to the woman as we walked. She spoke of how she was leaving Bishop Boardman, how it had gone downhill since taken over by HUD. She felt the woman that runs it, someone named MCcuin, shows little kindness to the elderly that live there, answers them with sarcasm as if she forgets their humanity. It is so easy for humans to lose the sense of another's humanity, I've done it and it's done to me all the time. I know when I'm being inserted into protocol. I oughtta know. I also see the suffering or vacancy in the eyes of those who feel they have to emotionally abandon us and themselves.
forces in me, waiting on the wolves.
HMS Conqueror: 'Gotcha!' the sub that sank the Argentinean General Belgrano during the Falklands War
Low point: Racial discrimination
Debt consolidation could be a useful tool when rebuilding your credit record. Consolidating your debts may be the best way for you to reduce your debt and fix your credit. This lets you put all your debt under one monthly payment. Find out more about consolidation and how it could be applied to your situation.
Be Well and Enjoy!
So what is my schtick? Well, I try to combine laziness and efficiency to get as far as possible as easily as possible. And one of the themes that I actually brought up in our last class was about learning new words. Although this can be extended to learning new grammar structures as well.
Unfortunately for us, with interest rates at record lows, and the Fed printing money like it grows on trees (it is mostly cotton, which does not grow on trees) there is danger looming here. The President actually wants some prices to go up, so I would add "Needs Improvement."
These will be forwarded to our troops, because I just can't say enough about how thankful I am for all they do!
So as I sit here slowly drinking my coffee, thinking about making another cup I can hear the birds in the neighborhood and munchkin playing away in her Exersaucer knowing that next week is bringing so many changes. It is most definitely overwhelming, but my mind is much more open about than it was on Monday. I know that once I hit the ground running I will get into a new routine and look back at this time and wonder why I was so worried about everything.
We could hear our horse outside
in her teeny bikini,
As we have intimated previously, on the one hand you are such a minute part of creation yet because of Ascension are now a main point of focus and interest, and very important to the whole process. The Universe is aware of your soon to come upliftment as physical Beings. It has created such an interest that you have quite an audience looking on to witness the event. It brings souls from even other Universes who want to share the experience with you. So never feel that you are insignificant or forgotten, as you have never had such attention as you are getting now.
The British team, at Stirling University, that identified a link between pesticides and the decline in bee numbers, received no funding. Indeed, according to Prof. Goulson, who headed the research, the team affectively worked on the project in their own time. The research by Stirling showed that bees that were exposed to certain pesticides produced 85% less Queen bees. As Queen bees are the only bees that can survive through the winter such dramatic reductions are a major cause of concern not just for the survival of bees as a species but also poses a significant problem with regard to the pollination of certain crops that we are dependent on. Indeed, the loss of nature’s most effective pollinator could be a serious blow to the agricultural sector, which worth £440 million to the UK economy.
What did you do for that $45. Point people to your sites, answer their questions, get them to sign-up as your referral and send them the payment for going Green when the time comes. Now then, here’s the best part, you can continue to collect that $135 payment time and time again as long as you continue to have 3 referrals (different people each time) go Green on that site!
Release date: September 1, 2009
The gate closes. Her hair moves first, and then her head turns; she looks at me over the burgundy uniform; “See you, Dad!” she shouts. “Take care, love!” I shout back from the kitchen window but she’s already turned away, heading for school.
I cross the Corkstown footbridge each morning to work. The City built it across the Rideau Canal several years ago, to take pedestrians from Sandy Hill to Centretown. From the center of the bridge, one can look north along the canal toward Rideau Street. The scene is beautiful and ever changing.
- Hairy Apes BMX (Funk Jams)
In Europe, with a mature network of electrified regional and inter-city trains and hourly service at a minimum, a cyclist can select their distance for any day, look at the network of villages, towns, and cities served, and pick a destination to cycle there. The return can be by train using bike-friendly train cars. In fact, one can decide to take a train for an hour or two, then continue on by cycling . For us, being in Europe meant that we could cycle the 100 km from Freiburg, Germany to Basel in Switzerland and then take a train back. No doubling back on the route which we tend do back in Vancouver, when we cycle out to the Golden Ears Bridge –a 100 km. round trip cycle for us.
Still as there is very little fresh young growth to eat, the Highland cattle and Exmoor ponies are munching through the rough grass/rushes, and the scrub is also taking a bit of a battering. Hopefully this will start to open up the sward at Arcot, which hasn’t been grazed for over ten years and we will begin to notice a few more flowers later in the spring. Amazingly these fields used to support a handful of pairs of lapwings, however now with scattered scrub and tall tussocky grassland these birds are now well gone.
I decided a 'picnic' resuce was in order....the perfect 'pick-me-up' for a kindred spirit.
Not much has happened. Dani had a rock grandma come over for a photoshoot for a music festival. She came Grace Jones style real fit and in leather, but they put her in a granny frock and fluffy boots -_-" There was also another grandma, but she was too frail and couldn't lift her arm up to do the 'horn' sign, so she couldn't be used. I tried to make everyone drink this cocoa leaf liquor that makes you jump off the walls, but I ended up guzzling most of it myself. I thought the effects of the substance might be beneficial to those of age, you know. Just trying to help out a little. Bah.
Oh well that explains the enormous reach, then. But what about the lack of someone to catch a god damned football?
But a true good girl spanking? That I think I must like. I just don't know yet.
AUDIO QUALITY: A
If I had George Clooney’s phone number… Who? Now if I had Colin Firth’s phone number that would be different.
Waiters were known to slip him something when his Mama wasn't looking .
It’s this that I have to keep in perspective as my life seemingly falls into the shitter. This year I’ve lost two friends and one of the only faux fathers I’ve had (as in not a substitute father – mine’s just fine thank you – but an extra dad to keep me in line). It’s only April.
With this in mind, a majority of businesses have already made a push to incorporate a social marketing strategy. Depending on the particular organization, it could be a social strategy that yields success or failure. However, one will never know the implications unless they try. It could ultimately enhance business operations and in a sense, be a compliment to the overall business manta and economic condition.
Then things got pretty bumpy and Billy yelled “Outside!”
What is Sword and Soul?
When it came to painting out the trim, I decided to try a new approach. I didn't want to sand it all down, because let's face it, I have better things to do. And since we painted out our cabinets, Behr had come out with their new paint/primer combo paint. So I assumed that meant, no priming, one coat and done....
” It was this independent research in a very wide field of thought that led me to enlarge the pamphlet of 1874 to a book of 400 pages in 1885; and again it was revised and enlarged in 1902; and I have been greatly encouraged by the fact that this last edition is now used in some of the colleges, and in at least two universities as an educator. “
5. Hydroman vs That Sea
With its rose walk, bowling green and putting course, the Park seems an archetypal early 20th century public park. The land was purchased by Wimbledon Corporation around the time of the First World War, but its landscape history goes back much further. Back to when it was enclosed as a deer park in the 1600s; back to 1638 when Charles I bought the manor for Queen Henrietta Maria, who sold it in 1661 to George Digby, Earl of Bristol; to the early 1700s and Sir Theodore Janssen’s attempt to build a new manor house, only to lose his fortune when the South Sea Bubble burst; to Sarah, Duchess of Marlborough’s purchase of the estate in 1728, bequeathed to her son John, 1st Earl Spencer, upon her death in 1744; to the beginnings of property development on parts of the estate when it was sold by Frederick, 4th Earl Spencer to John Augustus Beaumont in the 1840s; to its passing to Beaumont’s daughter, Augusta, in 1886, whose desire for profit very nearly led to the Park’s complete loss to housing, only to be saved by its purchase by Wimbledon Corporation.
But suppose anyway. If this progression matches your language learning record, then you are likely to have created a problem for accepted accounts of language learning abilities – or ingrained beliefs about these abilities, which often amount to the same thing. You cannot have acquired proficient command of your new language because only children are able to do that, and you were no longer a child when you started your multilingual journey. But if you have indeed acquired proficient command of your new language (child-like command, perhaps?), you cannot be an adult, or at least not a typical adult. Since black-or-white persuasions like child = good language learner-or-adult = bad language learner take much toil and trouble to be thought over and revised, it’s easier to create a new label that fits them. You must then be a cross-breed of adult state and child ability, which obviously is something wondrous that we can’t really explain – and perhaps shouldn’t attempt to explain, lest we spoil the magic of it all: in a nutshell, the stars must have been partial to you.
3. Jesus is our Creator.
Barnsley as a Tuscan town: Surrounded by a wall wide enough to walk on, which lights up to form a halo. Looks unlikely at the moment.
10He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity: he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword. Here is the patience and the faith of the saints.
"I don't get them for everyone to see. I get them for me."
Next time:
—A Long Way from Chicago (Newbery Honor Book in 1999), A Year Down Yonder (Newbery Medal Winner in 2001), and A Season of Gifts by Richard Peck—it took me a while to figure out that Peck's Grandma Dowdel is a trickster, but trust me on this; or at least, read these beautifully crafted, hilarious books set in the 1930's to find out why. When her grandchildren come to visit for the summer, they are in for some crazy adventures as Grandma Dowdel takes on pretty much the entire town.
"Chewin' The Fat" - 3:11
I'm not sure what the tallish plant is. It was a volunteer in a different bed, and I didn't want it there, so here it is. It is about to bloom, so hopefully, I'll be able to tell then. The yarrow and amsonia hubrichtii are from another part of the yard.
“… The afternoon cooking schedule stays fairly full, but where you Bitesters could really help out is with their Tuesday prep work. A combination of Hands On Nashville volunteers and other good folks who just come over the transom work together in shifts to wash and chop vegetables, slice bread, make desserts, and participate in other aspects of meal preparation.
Like I said in my previous post, I would approach the Wokingham Half as a "see what happens". Well what happened turned out to be the second fastest time I've ever run.
Drewery
As American factories see a vital upsurge in business, they’re finally delivering jobs to a public parched by unemployment. But manufacturers aren’t celebrating. Plant owners keep running into the same problem: they’re not finding the skilled labor they need from the American workforce.
You see, the only monsters on these streets
I see these kids today who aren't allowed to do anything unless their parents are right over their shoulders and it makes me sad. They can't go outside and play by themselves because the boogeymen might come and snatch them up. They aren't allowed to kick the shit out of each other at school, and if they do happen to get into a fight, both children are suspended and the police get involved. No one plays sandlot football or "Smear the Queer" at the park after school. I could go on forever.
Dandelion and battalion.
There are managers that run funds to maximize alpha alone. They will move in and out of markets as conditions change in their attempt to provide alpha.
resides in Florida. When she's not out saving lives or hanging out with her handsome hubby, she immerses herself in the hot room. She likes the shooting range, dragging her hubby out of bed mercilessly on his days off for breakfast and pretty flowers. She dreams of teacher training someday. Who knows? Perhaps she and I could end up at the same training someday. Now wouldn't that be amazing! God bless the interwebs for bringing us all together. The
that can unify and pacify our undeserved torments.
TUES – corn dogs, baked fries, veggies + dip (KIDS night)
Smith-Corona SUPER. Serial 5T 118429. This machine is actually the first of the 'ringers' since we recently acquired it from Tim Champlin. Now, I've been telling everyone for many years that the first Smith-Corona machine with the key-set tabulator was the SUPER, and that these are about the hardest conventional Super 5 machines to find. Quickly, two more keys were added and the machine became the Silent-Super. However, during all this time I never actually owned one! So recently we rectified this situation with this fine example. This machine dates to 1954. For reference as we go along, let's point out one of the more obvious trim changes that occurs on these machines -- the logo. On this machine, it's green plastic and has an underline. On the very earliest Super 5 machines the logo on the front is actually burnished metal, with an underline. This logo style came next, and then after that a logo still of plastic but with no underline.
But tell of days in goodness spent,
The Septembers of Shiraz ~ by Dalia Sofer (Iran)
At the beginning of the off-season I didn’t think that anyone in their right minds should sign Shaq, but the Boston Celtics situation has convinced me and it should convince you otherwise.
Most likely the next thing a reader will do is check out the ‘look inside this book’ option Amazon offers. Make sure your book looks like it’s been put together by a professional. Include a proper title page. Check your formatting hasn’t gone screwy during the conversion process, leaving gaps and different font sizes where they shouldn’t
What about yours? Tell me in the comments!
If you have made it this far - welcome to my world!
I think it is fairly common for mothers to have worrisome dreams about their children, because they worry about them so much during their waking hours. (The night before, I dreamt that my youngest son had a streak of blood across his cheek and I was distraught about what may have happened to him.) But I wish I knew if my mind were trying to send me important, veiled messages, or if it is all nonsensical imagery.
Emme says "Whose books are these?"
“We should get some sleep,” said Paul. “We still have to work today.”
A question arose some time ago in the course of conversations during the Theology Department’s end of semester party. The question surrounds how to relate the will of God to sin, given that the Christian expectation is for God to bring man back into the fellowship of God, which man enjoyed in the garden of Eden and subsequently lost. The point was made that, as the hymn goes, “Felix culpa” – In other words, blessed be the fall, for it purchased for us so great a saviour. In a sense it purchased for us the whole Christian story.
***Everyone knew that almost everyone would die…why retreat?
We understand that some may not yet have fully mastered the trait of selflessness and may be wondering what's in it for them. There are great prizes to be won for those who join the Team Abnegation Street Team and help promote Abnegation. Books, gift cards, free advertising and other perks are up for grabs for those who seek such treasures. So stop on by and learn how you can help Abnegation in their campaign for victory! http://teamabnegation.blogspot.com/
Sept 20 – Trackside – Wilton CT (W/Valencia)
Ryan Haysom: I love horror and that’s what made me want to make films in the first place, and I have always been really interested in Italian horror, specifically the films of Dario Argento, so it has always been in the back of my mind to make a film in that style. Yellow happened quite organically. Jon, who is Yellow's cinematographer, and I shot some test video for a giallo film over a year ago, and we had so much fun that we started thinking seriously about making a neo giallo short film, and from then it’s just been gathering momentum.
12 level
I want to do it now
this is the start of my very first Jelly roll quilt...
“It’s nice to finally meet you,” said Rayanne. “Which one is which?”
- Any media (project format) accepted
There's not abundant to acquaint here, so I'll accumulate this brief. I downloaded the Blooming Day: Bedrock Bandage admirers today to authority me over until the abounding bold arrives at my aperture next week. Afterwards arena both attainable songs, Acceptable to Paradise and Boulevard of Torn Dreams (both on bass, of course), I exited the admirers and, just afore abiding to the Dashboard, I was advised to a atramentous awning with the Bedrock Bandage apparatus logos, and the bulk "3." That's all. I told you there was not abundant to report.
Guessing is confessing!!
I got back to my apartment, plugged my camera in to the computer and thought to myself, how the heck did you manage to shoot 177 pictures on a day like today? I started the day bumping the ISO on my camera up to 400, and I should have gone to 800 at the start of my walk. I took a few pictures of the wood ducks in the new swamp, not one came out worth saving, not enough light, they were too far away, and too much brush in the way. They sure are skittish birds!
Tip Five–Incorporate Some “Go-To” Flexible Recipes
The Big Enchilada is an account of Stevens’ time in the campaign to elect George W. Bush in 2000, published in 2001, after the re-count, before the September 11 attacks. This entry is brief and unfinished.
The Vacaville Reporter
Cartographic interests of a more Orwellian kind were tested on a small island off the coast of Maine a few years back. As Wired informed us in May 2004, "Ayers Island, the site of an abandoned paper and textile mill in Orono, Maine, will be spied upon by a comprehensive network of video cameras, motion detectors and sensors. Lurking behind all of those sensors will be an artificial intelligence system that will decide who can be trusted and who is deserving of greater scrutiny."
Charles Foster Kane so closely resembled the newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst that Hearst practically curtailed the film's release in his lifetime. Like Hearst, Kane inherits a fortune, not from a wealthy father but from a supposedly worthless deed left to his mother (Agnes Moorehead) by one of the tenants of her boarding house. A guardian whisks young Kane away to the city, away from his loving mother, and into a lifelong search to replace that absent love. "If I hadn't been rich, I might have been a really great man," Kane says at one of the worst moments of his life and one of the film's greatest contributions comes from its unpredictable narrative structure that explores this.
NOTE: And say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the children of Israel from among the heathen, whither they be gone, and will gather them on every side, and bring them into their own land: And I will make them one nation in the land upon the mountains of Israel; and one king shall be king to them all: and they shall be no more two nations, neither shall they be divided into two kingdoms any more at all: Neither shall they defile themselves any more with their idols, nor with their detestable things, nor with any of their transgressions: but I will save them out of all their dwellingplaces, wherein they have sinned, and will cleanse them: so shall they be my people, and I will be their God. And David my servant shall be king over them; and they all shall have one shepherd: they shall also walk in my judgments, and observe my statutes, and do them. And they shall dwell in the land that I have given unto Jacob my servant, wherein your fathers have dwelt; and they shall dwell therein, even they, and their children, and their children’s children for ever: and my servant David shall be their prince for ever. Moreover I will make a covenant of peace with them; it shall be an everlasting covenant with them: and I will place them, and multiply them, and will set my sanctuary in the midst of them for evermore. My tabernacle also shall be with them: yea, I will be their God, and they shall be my people. And the heathen shall know that I the LORD do sanctify Israel, when my sanctuary shall be in the midst of them for evermore.
If you haven’t seen it yet, please have a read of my “Here comes the Sun” post. It will definitely make you smile .
For example, you’d have two people talking, and randomly it’d be like “Said character turned to look at the couple having sex”. It had an undertone to it like I was watching a porn from a distance in a way. If that was the point, good job, if not I’m not sure why it was there.
05. 3 Play It Cool
For my readers who are gun hobbyists, I will caution you, I am DELIBERATELY simplifying this stuff.
-fragrance-free
Whatever you do, back up! Time Machine may not be infallible but it does seem to be fairly resilient. FileVault 2 may not be quite so robust.
Life is busy but good.... I am really missing my creative time. My plan had been to play on Sunday but I woke up with a migraine, complete with nausea, and ended up doing absolutely nothing all day. Big sad face.
Ya'll,
For on water he scarcely had cared for Death,
# Eat an already chewed up and spat Kabab.
Changing into his regular clothes, he asks Mi Roo to protect his secret. So Joon is not okay with being embarrassed about his crossdressing ways but it’s okay to leave Mi Roo to hang out there to dry? But Mi Roo relents and says she’ll keep his secret and simply tell people the Sofia disappeared. No, Joon thinks Mi Roo should continue the column.
As an alternative, bring flip flops or water shoes, and make the hike back to the beginning of the river and float it a second time. due to the curvature of the river, the hike back to the beginning amounts to only about 1/2 a mile. Do not attempt this walk without shoes, as the burning hot parking lots will burn your feet. Believe me, I’ve tried.
We debate this for a bit, he finally pokes at my stomach and leaves the room. Comes back in and Nick tries to tell him we can't really afford being shuttled back and forth- while he is trying to explain it- PA Dude interrupts (which is hubby's pet peeve!) and Nick says "you need to listen to what I am telling you, don't interrupt me" PA Dude opens door- "yeah, I think we're good here" and starts to walk out. Nick all, " Oh you walk out on someone who is talking to you? Fine We are Done here. We get up and as we get to the doorway that opens to the whole office- Nick says"well, I may not be a Doctor- but neither is that guy."
Channel 7 news reporting
In fact, I wonder if I might be able to find somewhere in Enchilada where we see Stevens in close, incestuous contact with someone who might render judgment, but also someone who praised the Paul Ryan austerity budget, an intertwining of the politico-media class that Stevens will describe as incestuous. Why, yes, I believe, my humble brain can find such a thing.
Was the tip-off paid-for or was it just a nudge-nudge case of You do me a favour; I’ll do you a favour?
LINKY PARTIES
(Jenny White) “After FPL installed the new meter at my dad’s house all his wires were burned as well and the house almost caught on fire. The problem is those new meter.”
Segreto is known for their gorgeous paint finishes on cabinets. Here are pictures of various cabinets they have painted over the years.
These guys really do have something special. They deserve way more recognition than what they already have and most of all, they deserve your support. After you’ve read this and then gone on to listen to their music, you should help to spread the word. I started UNSIGNED AND UNHOLY to help show you guys and girls that there are so many better artists out there than what you see plastered all over the media and they need blogs like mine and fans like you to help get their name out there. So after you’ve read this you should tweet, share or even go old school and spread the word face-to-face with someone.
HERE'S HOW TO DO IT IN DETAIL:
In honour of my birthday, i wanted to do a colour challenge - with one of my favourite colours... Brown. ;)
Seeya... Oh cool, it's Friday again, have a great weekend!
I'm happy with my card, even if it doesn't get me a spot on the design team. I'm also pretty impressed with my ability to stay within the color scheme. Color challenges can be, well, challenging! Lol! If you're interested in submitting your own project or want to see what everyone else has created you can check it out here.
Sometimes graffiti will make you stop, pay attention, and actually learn a thing or two.
I'm sitting in the lobby of a motel in Cedar City, 250 miles from home.
Learned a lot and tomorrow I'll share another project with you. I'm really excited about that one. I learned a new and very easy technique that just has stunning results.
When Cristina was talking I was holding back tears. It's so hard hearing the person you love talk about how your addiction affects them. Hearing that stuff kills me inside.
That’s a reality on this rock stemming from way back when the white minority owned the black majority. It is also the truth that the descendants of the plantation families on this island own a disproportionate amount of land – or did. Things are changing but not as some folks thought they would – in part because it is also the truth that many of our so-called “black leaders” have sold off our publicly-owned lands and personally profited from their elected and appointed government positions. They elevated themselves and their families by stealing from the rest of us. (As an aside, have a look at the new Dodds prison. Does that look like three-quarters of a billion dollars to you? Me neither. So where did the money go?)
Will Mr Regan or Mr Doncaster tell the public, or even their own members what these discussions are, and whether or not there is any consideration being given to Mr Miller’s “demands”? I suspect not. Will Mr Miller’s discussions be disclosed to the Blue Knights? One assumes that, if the SFA give reassurance and comfort to Mr Miller, this would apply to any other bidder? Has Mr Murray asked for this, in the interests of “transparency”?
A recycling logo displayed on a dark background (arrows reversed in white) is used for products that are manufactured by using recycled materials. Products made by 100% post-consumer waste would use this logo.
but my manager at work kept telling me i should get a pregnancy test, being pregnant was the last thing I though it could be, but I bought a test still. after finding out that i was indeed pregnant, I fell to my knees crying hysterically "I cant be pregnant!! I cant be pregnant"
They acknowledged her presence with a wave and started walking along the road.
Who could this cover? An American citizen living in Michigan makes a one-time donation to a non-violent humanitarian group. Years later, the group commits hostile acts against an ally of the U.S. Under the NDAA that just passed Congress, if the President determines the group was “associated” with terrorists, the President is authorized to detain the donor indefinitely, and without charge or trial.
I love inexpensive crafty tools that you can do a bunch of fun things with.
With Cool World, there is not one memorable character, no good set pieces, not even any good human performances - and we have Gabriel Byrne, Kim Basinger and Brad Pitt here! Three of the most expressive actors around!
Beat the eggs, egg yolks and sugar until light and foamy.
Naturally that didn't quite work, but the next bar did, coinciding with my alcoholic amnesia.
Are you ok with your answers? Chances are that you have found out not everyone in your inner circle of support should be in the circle. You need to ask the hard questions and be brutally honest with your answers. You may feel a bit uncomfortable and find your self making excuses for someone who needs to be pushed out of the circle. DON”T DO IT! Stick your ground.
2. copy and paste the shopping list into your message and e-mail it to:
CNN's question today was how do you feel about 2011 ending? The two answers were "I'll miss it", and "Good riddance." I chose good riddance. 2011 began with me in a great deal of distress. My digestive tract was acting up and I was encountering rectal bleeding, pain, cramps and bloating. A day did not go by without me encountering all of the above symptoms. I was depressed and at my wit's end. My thinking was, "If this is going to be my quality of life going forward, I don't want it." I finally got my family Dr. to refer me to a GI guy, Dr. Hightower. The initial diagnosis was IBS, Irritable Bowel Syndrome, and the treatment was a muscle relaxant which did nothing and an anti-depressant called Lexapro. I was trying to watch what I ate, but everything upset my system. I was taking eight fiber pills daily to try and keep my stool soft so it would pass without irritation, however while a little better I still had a lot of pain, difficulty on going to the bathroom and bleeding.
John 6:53-58 Jesus therefore said to them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink His blood, you have no life in yourselves. "He who eats My flesh and drinks My blood has eternal life, and I will raise him up on the last day. "For My flesh is true food, and My blood is true drink. "He who eats My flesh and drinks My blood abides in Me, and I in him. "As the living Father sent Me, and I live because of the Father, so he who eats Me, he also shall live because of Me. "This is the bread which came down out of heaven; not as the fathers ate, and died, he who eats this bread shall live forever."
We tried to weigh it to figure out how much meat we actually had (it came with a bone in it), but the scale refused to work.
Hours per week :Full-time
Their number keeps growing. And they destroy all the other form of intelligence.
“And he said, The God of our fathers hath chosen thee, that thou shouldest know his will, and see that just One, and shouldest hear the voice of his mouth.”
See notes below for more mastering details.
About the Book: Eric Roberts’ Guide to Local Business Marketing is a book that provides the reader with the best and most up to date strategies for marketing your local business online. It is Local Business Marketing on steroids and is sure to put your business way ahead of the pack.
ACC LTD – Bse code – 500410 – last close – 1246.6 – SELL – 1289.6 – SL – 1312.4 – for TG1 Rs. 1235.3 and for TG2 Rs. 1175.8 – stock opened at Rs. 1238 hit intraday low Rs. 1199.1 hit intraday high Rs. 1240 stock was during trading down -3.9 % from previous close and closed at Rs 1225.5
Taco Bell tacos. I love the beef and chicken. I think I ate Taco Bell a couple times a week in high school, so I still get a craving. It always happens late at night though....
releases April 1 from Point
*speechless*
Direction is what I have prayed about. Now that I have made a decision it will be interesting to see what happens next. Will something pop up otherwise and draw me in a different direction? Will plans fall into place when I begin making them? Will bla, bla, bla…?
There are many excuses I could make as to why I eat so much pasta, but let’s be honest, it’s cheap, easy, versatile and delicious. Being that I’m between homes, have an unpredictable work schedule and I’m on a budget, pasta just makes the most sense for me to make. (I’ve also been making a lot of soup too, when I’m not eating out).
The artwork, by the way, was custom created for the book by artist/illustrator Tony Sahara. He’s amazing, isn’t he? He’s also did the artwork for Alterntiy, my next young adult dystopian release, coming May 1st.
Clinton to serve as a Deputy US Trade Representative, along with
I recognise that authenticity is everyone's right - what is right for me or my child is not the same for everyone.
‘tamboran is competent’ ‘Cretin’s bottom apeman.’
The only thing that keeps me going in the midst of all this misery and disappointment is that my intentions are sincere and that it is not so much the end result, but the quality of the fight that matters. Because that is ultimately what we as individuals will be judged on. At least I can console myself with having fought a good fight for the last 6 years with Barking and Dagenham consistently returning the highest national percentages, and I have done this for what I feel are all the right reasons.
my reputable, falsifiable smile,
I thought I'd post a better picture of my cross stitch hybrid. The other pictures just didn't do it justice. So after experimenting with different locations in the house, I finally found one where the glare off the glass wasn't too bad and the colors were true. It's just a very simple frame but I didn't want anything too elaborate. The whole piece is very simple so a fancy frame just wouldn't work. Also notice that the mat is not cut even. It's wider at the top and bottom than on the sides. That was my framer's idea. She said it would keep it looking more retangular and I have to say I agree with her. It's so wonderful when you have someone who knows what they are doing and are creative as well.
I've returned from parts unknown, mes auteurs, and I trust y'all enjoyed last week's guest posts while I was gone. Many thanks to our five guest posters!
Overly-familiar lunch scene:
3. Boogie Woogie (I May be Wrong)
It was bath time because of too much sandbox fun. I cleaned the tub, from the previous sandy bath and then put them in and I got in the shower. (Our shower is all glass so I can see them the whole time) About half way through my shower Mckenzee is yelling, "Riley's going poo poo!" So I get out dripping wet and get them out and shut the doors to the bathroom so they can't leave. I then proceed to fish for poop with my flour sifter that got demoted to bath toy and get out the toys and clean the tub and in the mean time they are playing in my closet until Mckenzee comes out cracking up and says, "Riley peed in your closet on the floor! It was a water fountain!” Great, buddy.
Furthermore, each individual surface has been selected for both functional as well as textural and tonal value. Stainless steel for its hardwearing hygienic surface is the perfect material for a home chef that enjoys entertaining; Staron’s durability and stain resistance properties as well as its ability to be resurfaced makes a smart choice for an ‘everyday’ kitchen centre piece; and the undulated surface of the cantilevered bench top and it’s form within the kitchen space contrasts with the smooth surface of the Staron and stainless steel and ensures the casual dining area is defined. Even accessories such as the solid timber stools with their organic shaped seats reflect the minimalistic style encapsulated in this Japanese inspired kitchen.
I milknip your two Blue-skeined
But, I’m telling myself that it doesn’t matter that I couldn’t do everything this weekend. Maybe (probably!) on other weekends, it will matter. What makes this weekend special is the trip to the river, which is what most counted and what excuses everything else.
Unfortunately, we have to re-sand most areas where the wood filler was used. That means we may have wasted a full night’s work in the past.
By the seduction
Kai-the-guy is now my big 3 year old and is talking up a storm, hamming it up with Daddy and using the potty all by himself!! He loves spending time with Daddy playing guitars, making up poo-poo jokes and then bursting out in loud sarcastic laughter. I'm enjoying watching him learn about Jesus, His work on the cross, and His word making the training well worth it.
Richard is world renowned for his work on cultivating communities but last night he introduced us to his latest research on thinking. What do knowledge workers do with the knowledge they have? We all understand the concept of expertise but how do experts think and make decisions?
Pretty certain I need more florals like this in my life !
After I got home from work today, I had some quiet time and was thinking about all the kindness I’ve received in my life….really, it’s quite remarkable how much kindness is offered amongst people.
On Saturday night, they moved an entire restaurant 37km up the road to a golf course, and an entire farm from the bottom of a hill to the top. Can’t wait to see what’s on the schedule this week.
It’s preferring the here and now instead of being trapped by the past, obsessed with worry over the future, or determined to rush past the beauty of this moment in an effort to move on to something “better.”
Mikayla Collins – Mikey is my homage to author Rachel Caine. I adore her Morganville Vampire books. Mikey was named after the two male leads of that series: Michael Glass and Shane Collins.
Oh yes. You've went to the dinner party where you're the only dude that showed up. You cleaning up everything and vacuuming, washing dishes and whatnot. And now my reward, the wife and child are going out of town for an entire week and I have the city to myself. I was originally supposed to be offshore, but they kicked me off b/c they ran out of bunk space. Oh it's true, it's damn true.
One of our teams, headed by Connor and Tanis, were delighted to learn that their idea to tackle homophobia had received enough votes to proceed through to the next stage. The whole group (and there are loads of them!) were equally thrilled to learn of the news.
Me: Five
I know I'm a massive lobbyist of indulgent baking, and that isn't about to change. But I feel so bloated after Christmas that I need to detox a bit! My baking will remain full fat and full gorgeous..I'll just have to make more people share my treats with me so I don't eat them all myself :D
“Have faith in God” (Mark 11:22), some marginal references show us that it
You've all heard of the Proust Questionnaire, right? No? Well, if you're American, I'm sure you've heard of Will Farrell's spoof on Jame's Lipton's Inside the Actor's Studio -- Scrumtrilescent ring any bells? At the end of the show Lipton asks a series of questions based on the Proust Questionnaire. You see where I'm going with this. We done did it -- JNSQ style!
Whilst growing up I wanted to be one of those backing dancers on Top of the Pops, but my friend Mark had a more realistic ambition to be a firefighter! He thought that there could be no greater job in the world than one that let you drive fast around town in a bright red fire engine, climb the tallest buildings and use a hose to squirt as much water as you wanted without your Mum telling you off!
yes. But please read and take in the section above very carefully.
You probably won’t regret it.
Britain was one of the global leaders in going green with huge investments in alternative energy subsidies driving up energy costs. As the climate turned colder many of the UK’s elder citizens on pensions had to decide, heat or eat. Now we learn, that Britain’s economy is on the cusp of a financial crisis.
But now I feel sorry for my mother as there must have been deep feelings of inadequateness and she must have known how badly my dad missed Dottie.
Our randomly chosen winner this week is in for a real treat!
So I put together a little movie to celebrate our little ones first year of life.
I have no control over what terms people choose to use, and in the grand scheme of things it's not overly important. But in my own work and from personal experience, I find it important to make a few distinctions. And one that I see as being pretty important? That unschooling is NOT the same as relaxed homeschooling.
So the weekend arrived, and with it my little Tommy's Birthday tea. He turned eight at the end of March. Where did those years go? He really was a beautiful little baby. Having had Joe first, I thought all boy babies were going to be a bit bald and Winston Churchill esque! (Joe was a very unfortunate looking baby!)
BBQ Best Grilled Pork Belly (PhP195). Sinfully delicious (I cannot imagine the amount of oil and fat are in this dish), but it’s still well worth the bother. I especially like how the slightly spicy rice was a perfect match to the slices of meat whose sauce was the right amount of flavorful. The combination wasn’t overpowering.
to suck it clean away
There were so many of such interesting sub-plots in the book and all of these open your eyes about some aspect of social situation and industry.
Zuma described the issue of land redistribution as a serious matter that needed attention, adding that everything needed to be done according to law.
Jesus is the Word of God. He took on a physical manifestation. God spoke the truth and it dictates who we are and how we live. Unfortunately many are not led by God. And fortunately many are. God has written us in His book of life by how we are to live, to understand Him and how to experience happiness by worshipping Him. Our only happiness is allowing God to love us and creatively expressing our love by living according to Him. To be decieved allows the weather of this existence to wear down the rock, like water against mountains. But by listening to God, believing, clinging and studying we bring to our lives true life which is the happiness.
Condition some of the poppy red clay and roll in to a coil about 1/8" in diameter and then do the same thing with some of the turquoise clay.
This morning some 30 Perkasa members held a protest and conducted funeral rites for Lim before holding another noisy gathering in Komtar.
Today it is getting more and more important to know what your chain saw and trimmer are drinking. Alcohol in excess is bad news for you and your two cycle machines.
Maine often for friends and shopping, thru the year we whirled.
When you finally obtain dollars from the Signature loans then you are able to devote your money pictures discernment. This implies you might like to acquire some clothing, build your vehicle transaction, spend your electricity bill, or another quantity of payments. That may take a vacation with the dollars from the Signature loans! These are only a few things you can apply with the dollars, but others consist of healthcare problems, company bills, and a lot more.
I walked away from abusive relationships.
In one year, 44 books were submitted, so the contest holder could theoretically have made a maximum of $2420. For that, I’d shell out $500 too – I’d still make a profit.
So then it was off to Chik-Fil-A for an 85cent ice cream cone and play time in the kiddie tunnels and indoor slides. While we were there, I found a copy of today's paper that someone left behind so I have the Friday happenings mag now and I also scored 55cents... another tiny morsel of abundance left behind by someone who apparently didn't need it. So I guess you could say it was my lucky day.
"What, ALL those books?"
From the very capable folk at Outback Brewing - Outback Pilsner, Country Bitter, Black Opal and Chilli Beer;
Great idea number 7. Draw everything. I discovered a lovely blog the other day of an artist called Tracey Fletcher King. Her work is delightful. The post I discovered was all about a pesky mosquito interrupting life. Take a look - she draws everything.
It’s an easy way to find something to blog about that generates traffic to your blog. I know, it seems kind of underhanded, doesn’t it? And it smacks a bit of “keeping up with the Joneses.” Well, if you feel that way try staying within the parameters of your blog’s main topic or idea(s).
And she really did.
Naillil was a creature from another planet—but every delicious inch of her oozed sex.
Petrina.
Anyways - you are doing well Kristin. You are off direct dialysis and on hemodialysis - which is a step in the right direction. You're having 2 surgical procedures today. One for a trach - and one for a feeding tube. BOTH will help you heal! When I learned that you responded to your boys - that was all it took for the tears to fall. I finally feel at peace somewhat. It's a bit suprising to learn how entertwined my wellbeing and your wellbeing are. And I'm glad they are.
First release from KyoakuKyojindan, one of the music projects led by The Crazy SKB, japanese pro-wrestler and punk musician. Here's two tracks of weird experimental noisy punk with a sick feel, both fucked up and a bit ahead of its time...
Belinda is normally very shy, so we are grabbing this opportunity to showcase her as she has been a valuable asset to the station; whether it was taking calling and making sure we return them or making sure that all incoming mail is dealt with.
Whenever the whole family is in place,
When contacted by SunBiz yesterday, MAHB CEO and managing director Tan Sri Bashir Ahmad Abdul Majid said the airport operator will respond in due course.
Never the trust the world bank, the IMF, the military, the agencies, the feudals, the politicians, Israel, the U.S., the capitalists, or Nadeem F Paracha..
Why would he write that?!? And, more importantly, do all of the school people that read Ben's story think that we talk to like that to our kids. Hmmmm....no wonder those boys are so well behaved, their parents are evil!! I'm fairly certain that as much as my kids like to talk/shout/sing, I have never yelled at them to SHUT UP!
"Is not."
Wow, New Year's Eve of 2011. Where has the year gone too? It really doesn't seem like 12 months since I was sitting here writing about the demise of 2010 and now we have 2011 breathing it's last gasp.
That is not what you’re going for. Do: use non threatening body language. Smile! Nod, make eye contact. These things are important. Don’t use any goddamn profanity. When I meet a guy, if he’s casually touring around obscenities. I immediately lose interest. Don’t: be sexual. Women know the only reason you approach them initially is because your penis told you to. And that’s okay. Before you meet her. All you know about her is that you think she’s cute. So leave your lewd innuendo and your sexy time voice at the door. I mean if you meet her at the swingers bar then sure a little unchaste humor is apropo. But otherwise I guarantee you, It’s just gonna creep her out. Do: Compliment her.
Team wise we welcome back Jose Reina and Doni after their respective bans which begs the question what will happen to Brad Jones today after he did such a good job filling in? Elsewhere in the defence we appear to be in a state of flux. Jose Enrique, thanks to his great form, appeared an automatic choice however he has had a few bad games and add that to the return from injury of Agger and Johnson and it’s not as easy to guess what the line up will be?
Sweet Thames, run softly, till I end my song.
It’s about a 20 minute ride or so to get to work and now living in the French concession I have a ton of different bars/cafes/cool places to go within a 15/20 minute ride (many are much closer).
This time round, its a Boss BF-2 Flanger joining the family, an older model of the Boss range, first introduced in 1980. For those who give such a damn, it’s a white-knob model, with the pink back label, which places it as a late-90′s model. Listening to many, many sources and audio clips, I finally settled on this model which does the job of mushing up your tone and making you sound like an airplane perfectly well for a very reasonable price. As far as I understand the internal workings of these things, this earlier model (as a pose to the BF-3 now in production) is an analogue rather than digital effect, which is always a pleasant thing to learn, as analogue has that big, warm sound we all love. Also, it’s the model the Justin Chancellor uses. This makes it good enough for me.
On this blog you already had the chance to learn everything about the grill food issues when cooked according to the conventional known methods. You should already know how much is harmful for your health.
From 2006 to the present, the group has again been fronted by David Lee Roth.
Clearly this isn't the most gorgeous garden in all of existence, i still want to add some more Salvia and some annuals. Plus the lawn needs mowing. And then mulch...doesn't mulch make everything prettier? Then one day a real retaining wall...but still. Progress!
Looking at those pictures of a younger us, I feel like I do when watching a movie, when the audience knows that the bad guy is right around the corner, and feels anxious and worried for the hero, shouting at them not to go that way, he’s going to get you! You know something bad is going to happen to the clueless hero by the ominous music playing, by your superior position of omniscience as the viewer. I feel that same sense of foreboding towards my younger self in photos. I want to shield her from all this, warn her, make sure she enjoys how happy she is, because grief is coming. I want to hold on to that look in my eyes, that pure, untainted happiness, because I will never look that way again.
This is linked to:
Paltrow quotes Bill Buford (author of the culinary memoir Heat) as saying,”You can divide people into two categories in life: cooks and bakers.” Paltrow declares that she is the former, while I am definitely the latter. So although less than one tenth of her book is devoted to baking, a greater proportion of the recipes I’ve tried involve the oven. Paltrow claims that baking “is scientific – it allows little room for improve.” Clearly she’s never baked with me. Since I can’t eat wheat, I rarely see a recipe that I don’t modify in some way. There’s room for creativity and improv in everything, including Paltrow’s dessert recipes:
The other city site is at Station Road in Newbridge, which at one point would have been swallowed up in the controversial Bus Rapid Transit route.
Forget the Twelfth Imam.
"The Ghost Woman"
“Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day?” The response choked her throat. Saliva clicked between her tongue and palate, then dried and disappeared. For that moment, on that long ago day, Beth’s heart stopped beating after a couple deep resounding thumps. Only her eyes could respond. They moved automatically, scanning the page in the book with a voracious ferocity that needed to feel the read words, and the words didn’t stop washing over and through her senses until the three quatrains and final couplet had been completely devoured by her eternally hungry soul. Then, she read the sonnet again. And then, she read it again. And then, again. And then…
the sterile rails of lyric
Juan Carlos Sulbaran CIN U 20
love scares
Submissions may be made in any one of the UN languages: Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian or Spanish.
Pissed on my dreams of you and me
I always came back, of course. Sometimes I miss those days… it felt kinda romantic and adventurous at the time… but now… now it’s time to move on…
06. Doesn’t Mean
“I am a cripple, a Veteran of the Spanish-American war and the father of three boys in the Armed Forces. I have a feeling that the pride engendered by carrying one of your canes, a cane from your collection, preferably one you had carried and discarded, would vastly improve my stride.” – Joseph L. Delph to FDR, April 5, 1943.
So I came across a suggestion for a site the other day; Posemaniacs.com and I thought it was so very cool. It has a window that displays an anatomically correct musculature for 30 seconds and it’s great practice for figure drawing. there’s also an option to display the image for an extended period of time. it’s hard to draw from the computer, but it’s a cool exercise, and if you’re into figure drawing, I highly recommend it.
"...there's a new approach many companies are using that dramatizes the importance of the brand. I call it: Branding first, sales and profits second. If you can build a brand, then you should be able to figure out a way to turn that brand into a profitable enterprise." A new approach? I don't think so. Fifteen years ago every web start-up in the world was following this "quick branding" philosophy. Hundreds of millions of advertising dollars were flushed down the toilet as hundreds of WebVans and Pets.coms followed this thinking into oblivion.
Although they are asked, more frequently than anything else, if their books are autobiographical, all writers of fiction (and indeed all good readers) know that their work and their imagination are doubly rooted, half in life and half in literature. Over time, these two sources are intermixed so deeply that it is hard to think of one without the other: hard to experience a feeling that does not raise a phrase from a book or a line from a poem or the memory of a work as a whole, and hard to read a novel or track a poem's winding path without having a window opened onto one's own memories.
Among the ideas:
There are many varying views of the subject, and, in my opinion, there are many abuses of the idea going around in the contemporary church. Let us begin with the words most commonly used to describe how we ought to carry out discipline in the church. Those words are the words of Jesus in Matthew 18. Jesus says,
I live for Jesus Christ day by day, I live for Jesus Christ come what may. The Holy Spirit I will obey by the grace of God upon my live. I live for Jesus Christ day after day! Amen!
Or nagging posts from unwanted pests.
Deep fried Gaytime. Because surely a coating of batter could only make this sentimental childhood favourite even better than we remembered? It's not the only thing we're excited about as we head into the newly re-opened Abercrombie Hotel, resurrected after closing for more than a year.
Genre: MMORPG
After spending much of last week reading law blogs for the UK Blawg Review I am writing (Sorry it is late – but I have been rather ill of late) I was fascinated by the extraordinary “NightJack” outing in the Times dissected with precision by lawyer, blogger and journalist David Allen Green – a remarkable piece of writing.
“puny god”
This book was a good amusing story and that was about it. When Joe and Keri eventually come together it didn't have enough heat for me and didn't really feel it between the pair. It was amusing reading Keri trying to fit in with his family who are quite loud and in your face.
But we are still tied with the cord,
Have you seen this movie? If so, how did it affect you (without giving away too much of the story to those who haven't seen it yet)? What movies do you watch each year to help you focus on the meaning of Christmas?
I don't want to say that I have bad experience with this project, just I need to play more with my settings to get the small pieces to cut out correctly. That's why there is no bodies to Woody, Buzz or Bulls eye. I guess I will have to try when I am not under so much pressure to get them done while the kids are at school, to hide them so I could surprise everyone.
be animals or robots.
3/(wed) navy blazer by Blumarine, silk printed pajama top by Marni at H&M, boy jeans by Madewell, PS11 bag by Proenza Schouler and patent kitten pumps by Stella McCartney
Let me tell you, earthlings, about a few fables I’ve come up with about my friends:
The best way to avoid temptation is to prepare your meals for the week at one time, and package them individually in containers. I find that when I get hungry, if I can open my fridge and grab my meal, I will gratefully eat what I have prepared. But if I go to get my food and my pre-made food is not there, I will grab for snacks and empty calories. As you begin working out you will notice enhanced appetite, increased need for proteins and more meals/snacks per day. The best way to begin your diet is to choose a day when you prepare your food for the week (I always do my food Sunday evenings). Marinate five days worth of chicken, wash, prepare and store the weeks worth of salads (5 days). Pre-packaging snacks in reusable Tupperware or glass will help to remind you that those snack meals are important. By preparing your food in the beginning of the week you will find yourself junking out less and remove the excuses to skip your diet for convenience. Label all your foods by the date they were prepared to prevent spoilage.
NOTABLE DVD EXTRAS: There’s some audition footage, as well as a focus on Nicole Weaver, who worked at a popular theme restaurant in New Jersey at the time this was filmed and continued to work there after the movie was released.
Easton & Elliana are sick too, but thankfully not as bad as Eli. Little Princess is sleeping a ton, and her nasal congestion just continues to get worse. Easton actually seems to be getting over it. Thank God!
In South Africa 2006, there is an ominous sense of despair and angst in the air. One can sense it almost constantly – the fear, stopping at a robot, pulling into your driveway, locking and unlocking your fortress-like home. Avoiding eye contact with the black hawkers at the intersection or with the workers sitting on the bakkie in front of you, reassuringly touching the cold steel of the gun you keep in reach, and feeling their hateful stares burn into you while you wait – staring back viciously-or praying- for the light to change. Preferring to stay home instead of visiting that restaurant, lest it be robbed, or you get hijacked en route. Not playing music, lest you not hear the breaking glass, the terrified screams of your family members, or the sound of splintering wood. Letting the dogs sleep inside the house, for fear of having them poisoned…waking up with a start in the middle of the night, listening...to the sound of your heart pounding.
Our patrons enjoy "seasonal" books, so I'm sure that Beach Feet will not stay on the shelves very long this summer. This is a translation of a Japanese picture book; I love getting books from other countries, so the fact that this enthusiastically reviewed book has an international flair pleases me to no end.
How can a baby make you so angry and so agressive that you beat the living crap out of it? If it was a child of, let's say, 6 years old, I can somehow understand he made you angry because of something he did. Don't get me wrong, though. I'm against child abuse in any case!
4. A simple single coffee, just on the days that I needed a little boost roundabout 4:30pm, made with low-fat Coffee-Mate instead of milk. That was sometimes the little saving grace I needed when the reading was getting too tedious and I felt like I was going to drop off.
I had been looking for some time now for a good digi of a Teddy Bear pooch! I really thought I had searched everywhere until I found a link. Alas, I found one at Ink Lined.
I hate my eyes,
8And prevailed not; neither was their place found any more in heaven.
In other news we had an Afrikaans day at school on Saturday... *joy*. We were forced cook our own poitjie (stew basically) and nonsense like that. We also had to dance and listen to Afrikaans music and all that lovely jazz. There was one song I liked in particular however, it's called Loslappie.
The day before I flew to Israel on a month’s holiday, I had a terrible dilemma: had I packed too many books, (not a common concern for me, but my bags were already sagging a little, and Easyjet are not the over-packer’s friend), or not enough, (an ever-present fear). There appeared before me in a charity shop a slim tome which seemed to answer my concerns: only 50p, under 100 pages and weighing practically nothing, but ringing some sort of bell as being an erotic masterpiece.
Walk love, be light
Just be a witness, don’t become identified. Just be a witness, a silent watcher and that watching will help you tremendously, that is the only key which opens the doors of mysteries. Not that it solves anything, but it makes you capable to live the mysterious, and to live it totally.
Sometimes, I have time to set up the shot. And I’ll look at the different angles and plan everything out. And I’ll take a few pictures, mess with the focus, and try something a little different. I may end up with about ten shots and I’ll just keep one afterward. It’s so much easier to tell if a picture is good when I blow it up on my computer.
to bestow on them a crown of beauty
that cow dung squirted walls—
as he whistles country, refuses to notice
1. The petition for certiorari in G.R. No. 167707 is GRANTED and the Court of Appeals Decision in CA-G.R. CV No. 71118 REVERSED AND SET ASIDE.
Sometimes you just can't win.
Just like their present-day counterparts, jumping spiders that lived millions of years ago had a complete, flawless structure. And over millions of years, no change has taken place in that structure. The 25-million-year amber illustrated is proof of that.
so I will not be defeated
Format: CD, Album
Buddy made a drawing this week, but then decided he wanted to try his scissor skills out on it. I have learned to place his work in a "special area" so that he does not add to his creations. If you would like to add your child's art work to the gallery, please link up below. Have fun with your creations this week. I look forward to seeing all the amazing work.
Both groups made donations to the strikers which are gratefully accepted.
- ACCOUNTABILITY: upholding the planning law by evicting Dale Farm and giving planning permission to a Dogs Home two months later in the same area of ‘protected greenbelt’.
And I cried.
Their advice? “We don’t know”.
everyday of our lives…
At my Bailey's stop, I eschewed all the beers I would normally try--hoppy, rare, exotic, etc.--for Ninkasi Schwag, the latest experiment in a craft-brewed light lager. It follows the now roaringly-successful Full Sail Session and a spate of summertime brewpub offerings; it's not exactly Busch Lite, but at 10 IBUs, it ain't exactly Total Domination, either.
I was still thinking that because the contractions were short that it was still going to be a while before I had a baby. I sent Brenda a message, I was really grumpy that my bedding was soaked because I wanted to sleep, my message to Brenda was very sarcastic: “Looks like I won’t be getting any sleep, my waters just broke, fun times”.
I am having difficulty with hands which are not my forte and we'll see about the flowers. I'm using a printed photo to work from and it's not really good quality. i wish I had some high resolution photos of Frida. If you know where I can find some then please let me know :)
16 And the Lord God commanded the man, “You are free to eat from any tree in the garden;
Friday is always be one of the best days. It means weekend is near! Hohoho... It was yesterday that I finally made my plan through. My plan to watch the gig that I have been waiting for quite a long time. Originally, I planned to watch 2 gigs at two different places one after another. First gig was supposed to be Urban Zakapa at Mnet Pub Project in Times Square, Yeoungdeungpo and the other one is 110th The Club Day at Live Club Ssam, Hongdae.
“Leave him to me Danno, I’ll read him his rights myself.”
This was a revisit for me, just to give them all another look before they travel on to Compton Verney. The exhibition comprised half a dozen large oil paintings, from all stages of his career, and several small sketches, putting the larger works into context.The sketches were done using a variety of media and supports, including chalk, graphite, watercolour and oil, some varnished, on paper, board and canvas. Quite a varied use of media.
Something that is not me being a nitpicky prick, though, is the fact that the acting in this film is, oftentimes, atrocious. I love Brian O’Halloran and Jeff Anderson(as Dante and Randal) but even they are often guilty of the overly dramatic, community theater style delivery that plagues this entire film. The performances of Marilyn Ghigliotti(yes, I had to look that up) and Lisa Spoonauer are slightly worse, but still among the best in the movie. It is the cast of extras that really bring the acting quality down. It feels, in many cases, as if they are reading their lines, which they have never seen before, off of cue cards that are just out of sight. As a former wannabe actor, this aspect of the film makes it painful to watch at times.
Smoked Paprika, one teaspoon
The city’s health department hit the pause button after a study found that the Breakfast in the Classroom program, now used in 381 of the city’s 1,750 schools, was problematic because some children might be “inadvertently taking in excess calories by eating in multiple locations” — in other words, having a meal at home, or snacking on the way to school, then eating again in school.
This card is just for show: a black and white card with several dies. But I couldn't tell what brand they are, the swirl however is Marianne Design.
I think that speaks for itself. My fiancé, Bailey, went as Black Cat. We are awesome. Nerd Pride for the win (yes, I spelled that out). In any case, I have pictures, and I want to share them with all of my readers – especially those of you without access to my Facebook.
RULES & FORMAT:
But first, some badges...SCBWI do a great line in badges. My favourite is top left. Because children's writing IS a proper job.
Bake breads until deep golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool breads on rack at least 30 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Other reported environmental impacts from salmon aquaculture include seabirds ensnared in protective netting and sea lions shot for preying on penned fish. Penned salmon also directly threaten their wild counterparts, preying on migrating smolts (immature wild salmon) as they journey to the sea and competing for the krill and herring that nourish wild fish before their final journey home to their spawning grounds. Escapes of farm fish also create problems by competing with wild fish for habitat, spawning grounds and food sources. (About 1 million Atlantic’s have escaped through holes in nets from storm-wracked farms in the Pacific Northwest’s Puget Sound)
That’s it before the big day. Pasta done. Kit ready. Number and tag fixed. Train times sorted. Kids in bed. Bed early for us soon and then up early tomorrow for an early start.
Maybe I shouldn’t have worn the clown wig?
Pray for the big details that have to get worked out.
“This land between Loch Lyon and the Bridge of Orchy feels truly wild. Miles from anywhere the mountains, scored with tumbling burns, take complete hold over the landscape. Scramble to the summit of Beinn á Chreachin on a clear day and you can see the Ben Lawers massif, Rannoch Moor, Glen Coe and even the humped cap of Ben Nevis in the far distance.”
His face fell only to reignite when he spotted my father’s other store’s business card. “CASHTOWN?” he cried jubilantly, HAR, HAR, HAR, “is that some kind of JOKE?!?”
I guess I learned that perception is not what we should rely on at all. Sometimes reality is much better, at least today it was!
You know that I’ll do anything for you
Fishes
Subscribe to this blog to be first to hear about our upcoming deals and special offers.
Arriving at Arup, who were generously hosting the event, we were greeted by friends old and new. Many of the Henley KM Forum were present. Arup specialise in Engineering consultancy and were worryingly youthful, smart and predominantly female so perhaps David Gurteens’s initial phase of ‘speed dating’ may have more traditional consequences.
When I was girl, I had a friend who always lied. She was a lot fun, but always lying about something. Her biggest lie was when she tried to get me to cut under the heart of my Raggedy Ann doll. She told me that inside I'd find candy. And as convincing as she was, I never cut open my doll.
see the Left marshal its allies -- the media, the special-interest
Maybe I've got a thing for playing with fire and tempting fate.
Hi guys! Long time no see! Yes, I've been lazy. And, I've glorified in every indulgent moment! But, I miss blogging and sharing in the worlds of others. It's validating and reminds me that we don't have to be rich or give up on what we believe in. We just have to try.
There is fellow in California that claims his ET/ED (extraterrestrial/dimensional) buddies have informed him I am a government disinfo agent. Hmm, right there this shows me this fellow is full of it and being duped. If his alien pals are so knowledgable, why can’t they tell him my true identity and whereabouts? The same with you so-called psychics out there who think you have unmasked me: tell me my true name, my former rank, and what country I am in and let’s see how truly psychic you are. Since I have what we shall call “a cloaking device” that prevents any psychic or alien triangulation on me, I can tell you right now, anyone who says they know who I am is either lying or being duped.
Nevertheless, I want to read Dancing Very Merry Christmas, as Japlish and goofy a title as that may be. Hold it together, TokyoPop! Keep on publishing!
I find I am often crankier when Carter gets up at 7 on the dot (it's like he has an internal alarm!) when I have gone to bed at midnight.
This is a true story that just happened at a wedding at Clemson. A buddy of mine from my baseball team knows a guy that was at the wedding. This was a huge wedding with about 300 guests.
1/4 teaspoon mint extract
For many employees, a face-to-face performance review is the most stressful work conversation they’ll have all year. For managers, the discussion is just as tense. “What a performance appraisal requires is for one person to stand in judgment of another. Deep down, it’s uncomfortable,” says Dick Grote, author of How to Be Good at Performance Appraisals. Evaluating an employee’s job performance should consist of more than an annual chat, according to James Baron, the William S. Beinecke Professor of Management at Yale School of Management. Performance management is a process, he says. “Presumably you’re giving a tremendous amount of real-time feedback, and your employees are people you know well. Hopefully your relationship can survive candid feedback.” No matter what kind of appraisal system your company uses, here are several strategies to help you make performance review season less nerve-racking and more productive.
Dry Ingredients for Large Bowl:1) 1 cup cake & pastry flour (don't whine, just buy a bag. You can store it in the freezer)
As mothers, we can get so caught up in parenting that we forget that we, too, have a spiritual parent who loves us as His child. He loves you as much as He loves the children He has given you. He will never forsake you. And on those days when motherhood seems too overwhelming and too impossible I step back and take a deep breath. Then I remember that this journey I am on, right now, is the one He has designed and create uniquely for me. I simply need to live in it, learn from it, and allow His love to sweep over and through me.
A week later the entire family was wheeled down rain-slicked Woodward Avenue, parade-style, each in a coffin of appropriate size. The public funeral was an opportunity for police to look for the killer in the crowd, but to no avail.
It is a gorgeous Friday morning here and we are covered in a blanket of snow. Yes over the last week we have gotten about a foot and a half of snow. I love it, some may not agree with me. he he.
To : Eric Schmidt, Larry Page, Sergey Brin and the rest of Google management and staff
How many of you go about your life clinging to your interactions with others, living in boredom when you have no one to interact with? I see a ubiquitous plague called neediness, and it’s my observation that it comes from our process of socialisation lacking, lacking in building a stronger sense of self-awareness. Did you know that statistically those who are raised with a spiritual influence in their lives are more able to cope with life’s adversity?
Although there is little if anything in life over which we truly have control, we can determine how we plan to start to cope with our loss, and how we’ll deal with our grief. In my work as a counselor, I’ve sometimes tried to compliment others on how well they appear to cope with loss and grief. I’ve often had others give me a bewildered look and thank me, but then tell me they really had no choice but to try their best to deal with their life. I’ve met people who have seen loss quite differently and have instead chosen not to cope – chosen to give up on ever again experiencing happiness or a sense of purpose in their life. Choosing to give up is never an answer, an emotional suicide of sorts, and really only prolongs pain, making it seem impossible to survive.
- 1 big red bell pepper, chopped
*Involving audience members in the magical presentations
a bucket list is a list of things to do before you die, before you ‘kick the bucket’. maybe it is because i am young and see the world laid about before me, but i just don’t feel the need to do these things other people do. i look at other posted bucket lists, and do not get them.
Each editor has a unique perspective on how Canada’s literature of the macabre has developed. Kilpatrick, originally from the United States, began writing in the genre after moving to Canada in 1970.
But, wait, is that… no, it can’t be… holy crap. The line was probably about 30 people deep, no kidding. I can’t imagine wanting to eat falafel that badly.
Chloe has made arrangements to go to Georgia at the end of the month. She will first visit the Traaseths in Gainesville and then Steph and Rick in Athens. The rest of us are envious.
Rodenbach spokesman Peter Buelens said: "There are notes of
Stay tuned for more of the Rest of the Story, in Titanic Denial Part 3.
I grew up in a *cough wheeze* normal family; a happy kid with a sunny disposition. More Gidget than Wednesday Addams. But something happened along the way. Was it the thrill of riding Haunted Barrel Works at Centreville amusement park? Too many hours spent watching MJ's Thriller video with my girlfriends? Fooling around with Milton Bradley's Ouija Board at recess- and the ghost stories that accompanied it? Perhaps it was the rush of turning my parents' basement rec room into a 'haunted house' every summer. I'd tape paper bats on strings to the ceiling, likewise paper 'knives' to my Raggedy Anne doll (shriek!), and play (unintentionally) hilarious homemade sound effect cassetes for good measure. Slightly low tech. The neighborhood kids were largely unimpressed.
bow rather than a bottle of medicine, which to me said something excellent about her character. Lucy
So many opportunities
The electoral roll is marred with irregularities such as deceased persons and multiple persons registered under a single address or non-existent addresses. The electoral roll must be revised and updated to wipe out these ‘phantom voters’. The rakyat have a right to an electoral roll that is an accurate reflection of the voting population.
Paulaner Salvator Thomasbraeu AG Salvator Doppel Bock
She didn't NQ me, but said she'd have to "hit me" for it. I said that I understood.
stationery vehicle, the sick feeling in your guts from overdosing on chocolate ice cream, the joy of family reunions … You know these things already; you pay attention to them because you are a writer, and you store them up for future use. This is what people mean when they say write about what you know.
The same rings true today. We’re in the middle of a(nother) industrial revolution… and, just because there are different variants on advertising delivery / brand-awareness now available, it doesn’t follow that the model of twenty or thirty years ago will work.
I want to be like my husband - how he puts much thought into his words before he speaks them and gives them to others.
Lyrics by Slim Khezri (ASCAP)
Designers will be required to complete 2 layouts per month.
“Oh! That’s an interesting name! Where’s it from?”
In another incident in Acts5:29we read, “Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men.” As I have said, in these early chapters of Acts it seems to be all Peter but from Acts 7 onwards, things change and that also includes the authority of Peter. In Acts 8 it is Phillip. In Acts 9 it is Saul of Tarsus and in chapter 10 Peter goes to a Gentile named Cornelius by special dispensation. However in chapter 11 there is another unprecedented happening for the other apostles call this man, Peter, on the carpet for his contrary actions:
By contrast freezing completely, irreversibly and immediately all military nuclear research and enrichment to 20 % will be met instantly by a freeze in imposing any additional sanctions in June.
Fact; Andrew is my lil broski. :’D
Go me!
It is Mother's Week this week. (What? You only celebrate one day? I am campaigning for Mother's Month. Preferably without kids. Ha! Sorry, I am a terrible mother.)
4: Since I've Been Loving You
I’m in New Orleans sitting in a meeting listening to a man speaking to us about the city. For those who don’t know, New Orleans is far from a normal US city so it was very interesting hearing about the city, but it was one of the last things he said that caught my attention. He told us, “You’ve already done the most important thing that you will do here during your entire time in New Orleans.” Keep in mind he just said that to a bunch of people who had just arrived to New Orleans and hadn’t even done anything yet. Instantly I began to think, “What? How can that be?” He went to explain his statement and explained what was really important to New Orleans, showing them that you care. Work on someone’s house is temporary; it’ll be wiped away with the next hurricane or tropical storm, but the love the city feels from people coming to help them lasts. Throughout the whole summer I continued to learn more and more about what he really meant by that through meeting some wonderful people in New Orleans.
This is Amaali, a big kid sized full buckle Summer Beetlebum that I made for my archnemesis (:P), Laura. Her daughter does NOT sleep... So I hope that Amaali soothes her off to sleep faster than ever!
In Tochigi Prefecture, two small breweries have reported no damage, and expect to continue operations. In Gunma Prefecture, two small breweries report no damage. In Chiba Prefecture, the Harvest Moon brewery closed for a few weeks, but no damage was reported. In Nagano Prefecture, Shiga Kogen Beer reports that they haven't sustained any damage to their facilities.
Yet when she arrived at the school the children near the gate pointed at her and giggled. One even let their top lip curl into a snarl.
Another essay, a kind of companion piece to “Faith,” the one most recently published in Eclectica.org. And, like that essay, this is not about “religion” religion but an attempt to broaden the perspective to include something bigger than that word typically conveys:
If I don’t know you, or you’re not the teacher, don’t put your sweaty feet on my mat. Please.
to work the snap parts apart and toss ‘em. Even
The buildings around the World Trade Center, once glinting towers now scarred and wearing ashes have turned old and looked haunted. Delis and coffee shops serving breakfast at 8:45 that morning have grown frost where they had stood still. (In which of them had I once shared with a friend the tastiest sticky bun ever one morning we walked this far?) But I had yet to find the remains of that day.
Inbetween the lines on the tree I wrote:
The officer then continued, "So if you find anything in the yard that doesn't belong to you, you need to let us know."
Because that's what we are now: best friends. Emi is now 17, and I'll be turning 20 in March. Though we no longer share the same activities, we still share a fair amount of friends. We hang out together. We giggle and squee over sexy guys, watch shows and movies together, and endlessly discuss the plot, characters, and where it all might be heading. We also discuss a huge array of other things: like sexism and anarchy, oppression and media and racism and gender and how we want to live our lives. Problems with friends and things people said and how we can make a difference. Sometimes we curl up together and talk until 4:00 am or later.
I am sorry, curly hair, for hiding you for all of grade five and six by forcing you into lopsided buns or wrist-thick braids.
They even had a candy bar! I’d feel like a little kid again!
Community media is recognized by UNESCO and the UN as a key element in reaching their Millennium Development Goals. At this link there are a few spare paragraphs on community media that express their value and importance. The ease, clarity and thoughtfulness with which the UNESCO writer makes the critical distinctions between mainstream media and community media and notes the obvious logic of new media and community media integration is like a clear, cool drink of water.
In my journey to find the latest and greatest products I have also stumbled into a bunch that I wasn’t a fan of. Nothing annoys me more than when a company advertises a product and claims that it will do various things and it ends up not being able to live up to its hype. These following products I have had for about 2 months, plenty of time for me to fall in love (or in this case hate) with them.
...it's not that I want to be someone different from me, but I suppose it partly is that. I love creating a character in a fantastical situation, like Dr. Frankenstein, like Leo Bloom, a little caterpillar who blossoms into a butterfly. I love that. --Gene Wilder
Blake's parents are terrific; his mother is a hospital chaplain, his father a medical examiner. They are supportive but not pushovers. In addition to interesting career choices, both jobs add to the plot line. When Blake goes looking for Marissa's mother, his mother turns out to know about the homeless in town and where they may be because of her job. Likewise, his father's job also factors into the search for the missing woman.
During a recent visit with my girlfriend, our first stop was the standard tourist pilgrimage to Zanzibar. While I had no complaints about the white sand beaches, ample hammocks and tropical cocktails, I was turned off by the overdeveloped oceanfront and omnipresent beachside hawkers. I craved a more far-flung beach break before returning home, and every time I opened my guidebook my eyes kept floating back to the smaller island south of Zanzibar, about which I knew little.
Sample Size: 11.2 oz (330ml) light brown bottle
However, most of us would probably dispute the idea that gold is more likely to be found in the tropics. What about the Klondike and the great Alaskan gold rush? What about the mineral deposits of Siberia, mined by so many hundreds of thousands of hapless Gulag prisoners? The reasons for ore and precious stones being further or nearer from the surface of the earth are many and various, and understanding them would probably involve at least some knowledge of geology, plate tectonics, and a number of other sciences. It's called "evidence". Without it you don't have a case.
Maybe I'm crazy but I'm praying
This year for Easter a friend shared an idea for a centerpiece with me, that I immediately fell in love with. Those who know me, know all about my love of PEEPS(tm)! I actually have a "stuffie version" of them in my home office year 'round, they just make me smile. So, when I saw this idea for a centerpiece, I knew it would be the most fitting arrangement for our table this Easter.
groaned that I might have endless song,
I read how after winning the Academy Award for “Hamlet”, Sir Lawrence Olivier had the good judgement to turn down the title role in “The Incredible Mr. Limpet” – leaving the door open for Don Knotts to star as the man-turned-fish. That’s the kind of foresight I’ll be needing from here on out. I don’t want to be the Don Knotts of blogging – there are too many of those already.
Every day in the news, there is another article about some kind of animal mother someone is claiming to be: a dolphin, a sloth, a panda... all thanks to the original self-titled "tiger mother" Amy Chua, who got all this craziness started a few months ago.
On to the next adventure. I drop the kids off at home with the sitter, and took Blazer to the meeting. I am glad that we found a preschool for him...he will need it with the kids being gone so much!! When we were done, we had to find Carter a backpack. I had been to four stores already, and didn't have much luck. Another 3 stores later, and we FINALLY found something that wasn't super spendy, or super dorky...
Whitney was the package! Stunning looks, height, weight, and that VOICE! She didn't just display vocal acrobatics but she knew how to caress a lyric. One singer may have a wonderful voice but can't make the song live. And some have a marginal voice but interpret a lyric to no end. Baby Face falls in the category.
Christ on the cross is the image
Most of their meetings looked like this. This is German/English sign language.
And that of course led to the next question: who could fill Charlie Harper's shoes? I suggested Bob Saget.
Roman numeral I refers to the chord built on the first note of the C major scale. Roman numeral II refers to the chord built on the second note of the C major scale, and so on. If you notice, some of the Roman numerals are capitalized while others are not. Uppercase Roman numerals pertain to a major chord, while lowercase Roman numerals pertain to a minor chord. Uppercase Roman numerals with a (+) symbol refer to an augmented chord. Lowercase Roman numerals with a (o) symbol refer to a diminished chord.
Yesterday after school I picked up The Littles and we went to the nail salon. I hadn't had a fill in three weeks and my nails were driving me crazy. While we were there and they were soaking off my old color, Middle Child (my dyslexic Aspergirl) was watching something on the TV there and says to me, "No mom you have to go like this..." and demonstrates an OH NO YOU DI'NT move. I nearly fell off the chair laughing.
We have a family story about John Dillinger...sort of a case of six degrees of separation. I was reminded of it when the trailers started hitting the tv screen. It's nothing involved but still I giggle when I remember it.
Red chilli powder 2 teaspoons
When to go?
Another great art idea – maps!
Milton Terry
Under a calamity of wet,
It’s also a chapter where I make up some more mage-based technobabble on how they cast spells.
So, it's no wonder that Bart gets it wrong when he thinks that on the opposite side of the globe to his feet are the Ethiopian's. Bartolomeus was english, though he wrote his book at Magdeburg, in Saxony.
