There were people barefoot dancing. There were old ladies with hands uplifted. People in wheelchairs. Old men. Young men. There were young people laying on their faces. There were open eyes, open mouths, open hands and open hearts. There were babies. There were people who desperately wanted to wave their banners and flags and bang on their tambourines (space considerations had driven the leadership to put a ban on such things that evening.) People had a joy in their eyes that I knew could only come from their hearts and from the Holy Spirit. I took in as much as I could. I was amazed.
I know... where's the link? There is none because I'm assuming someone somewhere cares about the copyright to this album. Apparently there was a CD released last year, but is now unavailable and at least one track is available for digital purchase download.
Is clear
*Come to think of it, that's just about where this sort of thing's to be expected.
I am really delighted that UK prisoners are to be given the vote. In reality, I think, not all that many prisoners will want to exercise that right, and, even if they did, they aren't such a huge percentage of the population that the outcome of any election would be really affected.
Once again I’ve turned to Steve McCurry for my reference. I cannot say enough about his books as a learning tool for students of portrait art. Of course you can’t sell derivative works, but if you’re doing studies, these photos are just great for reference – interesting characters, good lighting, and so on.
Here we have the ruin of Kilmacduagh Cathedral with the round tower beside it. Notice where the doorway of the tower is, it stands 26 feet above ground level. In times of trouble the monks scrambled up a wooden ladder and then drew it up after them leaving the would be raiders with something of a problem:)
In answer to your question – I guess I spent quite a bit of time creating and tweaking the rules of the world. Because I had previously been writing books about faeries and had so much folklore to draw on, this was an opportunity to make up something very different. I wanted the magic to feel thematically tied to the crime element. And also, because the world is an “open fantasy” where everyone knows about magic, I wanted magic to impact the world. I think my favorite thing was figuring out that people wore gloves all the time – and then imagining the way that bare hands would become taboo.
* Spellbinders Silicone matt for embossing theimageand outside sentiment
Side note: It is yet to be seen if Logan sat still long enough in front of this tree to capture a cute pic, but 'tis the life of a 2 year old, always on the move!
Attendees are eligible for five hours of Continuing Education Credits applicable to re-registration as a professional engineer or registered architect. To register, please visit
Artists confirmed for the multi-day country fest include Dierks Bentley, Kix Brooks, Sara Evans, Brantley Gilbert, Miranda Lambert, Blake Shelton, Thompson Square, Uncle Kracker, Dwight Yoakam, Tracy Lawrence, Reckless Kelly, The Lost Trailers, Steve Holy, Johnny Reid, Jon Pardi, Thomas Rhett, Morgan Frazier, DeeJay Silver and a local stage will feature regional acts each night. More artists are set to be announced in the coming weeks.
Kwashiorkor, naked but outward contentment/
I've seen more strength and damage and power in a CARE BEAR STARE!
Events and Outreach Director
Child of David, on his throne!
I’ll leave the rest of the story to some pictures below, (with more at my Facebook author page), but one thing I’ll add is a summary of events from three a.m. onwards. It involves meeting slightly creepy guys in the street who say “Hey girl, how was your night?” followed by me opening my purse, and giving them a “Year of the Chick” button. This is followed by a series of questions and overall interest, which completely de-rails their original creepy pick-up lines. It’s a creep-combating win and it involves good business sense. So the moral of the story is: always get buttons printed and carry them around in your purse.
I know that was pretty short, but that's all I can think to say about it at this point.
The prime directive was set aside.
The Weird!
Approximately one year ago, the largest Zulu outbreak in the developed world claimed the lives of almost 16,000 people with another 3,000 missing.
For the puppy – they can get up on the couch by invite only. For the gayby – they can play with as many toys as they like, but they must clean them up afterwards. For the drag queen – they are allowed only 4 drink tickets per night. This will help the drag queen to pace herself and it will stop the bar from going broke.
- plain backing card from SU's Subtles Collection
And although the other gains mentioned above are real, the authors acknowledged that the actual changes for subordinate groups from the 1968 uprisings are meager:
Great stuff for listening while going to sleep.
Back at the shop Vyme’s assistant Sandy witnesses a fight between a Golden and someone who challenges him to give him a birth on his ship. He attacks the Golden and ends up falling a couple hundred feet to his death.
I think to be a social worker, you have to know all this, accept all this, and witness all this every day, and still not give up.
I was a Chaplain’s Assistant at the hospital for two years, and I worked on theOBfloor, offering prayer and spiritual encouragement to those who accepted it. One day I encountered a mother whose baby had a physical deformity, and as I looked at him, I felt the Spirit of God burden my heart to pray for the baby’s healing. But as I began to pray, the Holy Spirit stopped me and told me to ask the mother if she knew Jesus. She broke down and sobbed. She told me that she did know Jesus; that she had given her life to Him a few years back, but that she had not been faithful to walk with Him. I asked her if she would like to confess her sin, and she immediately said yes.
At these events, however, she never forgot her duty as wife and hostess, and she was still the one to “find arrangements to entertain” all the visitors.
When I finally decided to end things for good, he slyly said You know Ella, in all the time we’ve been dating I’ve not once mentioned age. You always bring it up. My question is who needs to grow up here? Ziiing. He had a point, I was so wrapped up in my long list of expectations & standards, I punished Toby for not being the fantasy silver fox I created in my koo-koo-for-Kettle-One head. Moreover, I punished myself. [Wow, this blog took an unexpected sentimental turn].
The Snow Child by Eowyn Ivey
In reality, we need not think of education as a one-stop, full-serve experience. The mantra that I have been hearing for my entire teaching career is that we are to be instilling a passion for life long learning. In other words, we need to be helping students realize that they can go to a self-serve gas station, choose the grade, and control the flow of fuel. Bot more importantly, because they are aware of what type of fuel and how much fuel they have put into their tank, they know when to come back to get a top up. Because unlike automobiles, we do not have a fuel gauge for the knowledge that we accumulate. There is no set distance or time that we can go with the current knowledge we have.
Would you draw me from my home?
nobody's going out of doors
Why is he not here yet? Feeling worried, I tried to call him, but his phone was busy.
This is my commandment, that you love one another as I have loved you. John 15:12
though there were practically as many countries as there
We have been spending a lot of time outside enjoying the Spring weather. Aubrey loves to dig in the dirt, water the flowers, and anything else that involves being outdoors. He has become quite the helper and loves to "fix-it" or "work" with Daddy. He recently started to pretend he was making cookies. He loves it when I bake and is always very interested in the process, especially watching things cook in the oven. We took his paci away recently and he did well. I think he had a strong bond with it and misses it. Next, we are moving him to a big boy bed and I'm not at all ready for that! I know he loves his crib and I'm scared to give him the freedom to get up out of bed! He is all boy and is growing up so much and so fast!
The smell of jet exhaust, the sound of turbine engines, and the faint whiff of insecticide. Yep, the family business is going to pick up here in the next couple weeks, and I will be back at work. My sister will be watching Brayden, as well as my mom, so that all 3 of us can work! It will be interesting, but I seriously LOVE that I get to take Brayden to work with me. (And yes, that is my dad in the picture. He is one of those crazy aerial applicators!)
When Yvon enters the old woman's bedroom in his climactic crawl through the house, he asks her, "Where's the money?" The question speaks not only to his literal greed but his violent disconnect with what he thinks money is and what he (like everyone else) knows deep down what it truly is. He never receives an answer, and L'Argent ends on one of the most nihilistic notes of any film ever made. Money continues to rule all, and no one can see through its aura. But what makes the ending truly insidious, truly hopeless, is the inevitability of it. Pickpocket and Au hasard Balthazar are no less carefully controlled, but their downbeat endings are regretful, giving off the sense that it might all have been different if even one thing didn't happen as it did. There's no sense of regret or sadness in L'Argent because there's no sense that anything could possibly have turned out another way. That makes the conclusion all the more terrifying: this is the endpoint of capitalism, and Bresson won't lie to the audience by suggesting there's an alternative way of life that might win out.
At 5:30 pm, I still haven't heard from my friend. Which isn't like her and I'm beyond worried that something bad has happened.
When I am with him I see the way that things are supposed to be. He shows concern for me, worries about me driving long distances, cares when I am sick, asks about my day, and never makes me feel less than I am. When I am with him I feel like I can do anything. I feel calm and care free…. I long for the days that I can see him and when we part I feel such sadness. Although we email every day…I maybe see him only 2 – 3 times a month.
Artist Date:
Now, I’m coming across these Spam Reviews everywhere - it seems something you just have to expect when you put your work out there into the internet jungle. It’s one of the hazards of the freedom that the internet offers us. There’s a dark-side as well as an up-side. And lurking in the dark are what the legitimate book review sites call ‘Internet Trolls’.
Iván Meade – In addition to your design firm, you also run an online store with many unique lines. Any plans to sell your own line of home or fashion accessories?
I share all of this because I believe all too often it is easy for casual observers of life to see only the polished, perfected version. I am passionate about being real and hope that I share my life in an unfiltered version so that we all know that we are not alone in this journey. Unless of course your life is perfect and then all I've provided today is comedic relief through my series of pictures with my boys. :)
Commander, U.S. Naval Forces Europe/ Commander,
I remember some of the first “big” checks I wrote to support the work of God in the lives of missionary friends I knew (at least they were big to me, as I had never done this before). I was thrilled to be able to help my friends in a significant way each month. I didn’t feel obligated or guilted into it in any way. I just knew the blessing of hearing about Christ in my own life, and I was glad to help my friends share about Christ with others. It’s all part of this idea of giving and receiving–sharing with others the blessings that God has given to us.
#19 - Dollar Box Gem
That said, when the products get released, you’ll be the first to know!
The love was coming out in screams, helplessness, and pleading..........
p.s. Time for our Would You Rather o’ the Week! Would you rather…eat bacon with everything you eat ever, ever, ever, ever again, or would you eat pizza with everything you eat ever, ever, ever, ever again?
Below, Mike can be seen sitting near the second APC, which carried his two squads, plus the Platoon Sergeant; its turret swivelled toward the Predator in the far corner. Brian moved his APC toward the cannon-armed Predator, disembarking the squad.
“I am afraid that Chairman Ryan’s budget reflects the values of his favorite philosopher Ayn Rand rather than the gospel of Jesus Christ,” said Father Reese. “Survival of the fittest may be okay for Social Darwinists but not for followers of the gospel of compassion and love.”
But certainly in the Socorro neighborhood. And the sunset took second fiddle to the roiling clouds overhead, remnants of late afternoon thunderheads rolling in from the west.
¼ cup balsamic vinegar*
It’s their body. It’s their choice.
She lives all alone, nursing a pain.
My WHY is very strong and because of that, I have full confidence I will succeed. I have a long road ahead of me and while the odds seemed stacked against me, I will not quit.
I haven't often been bombarded with unexpected emotion through this whole thing... I mean, I've been bombarded with emotion, but not with something that I hadn't either been told to expect or had thought of before hand. Wednesday night at church was my first experience with said bombardment.
No—not combatants—only
For the longest time I knew nothing about prayer, or thought that I didn’t. Prayer was something pious people did, those kids who went to Eucharistic adoration and smugly genuflected deeper than everyone else. Me, I just wrote to God sometimes at night, and I listened.
Genius. Not a word was wasted and we’ve even got a little image work going on. Can’t you just picture scientists using some sort of reverse osmosis mineral machine to create the best tasting water on the market? I am so blown away by the use of active, visual verbs and adjectives that I’m not even disturbed that so much work needs to go into a bottle of water. And look! They even got a little playful with the vocabulary. “Ozonated”? It takes a true poetic mind to come up with that word.
DP: Recollections Brown Plaid
The Perfect Gift ... TBN ... 12 AM
2. Red or green bell peppers, .49/ea. at Sprouts (through 1/19/11)
I now this is a pretty simple card, if you think that I usually use a lot of lace and other embellishments, but I purposely focused on this amazing Grunge Cross and the scripture.
Dylan, 30, said: 'Ollie is tall for his age but, because he is asthmatic, he has had to take steroids from a young age which has probably made him grow a bit quicker. 'To me it just seems like complete discrimination against my son for being tall.
"On his way back from the Boat Race in Chiswick, the Head of London Tideway Tunnels spotted the original feature (pictured), now shrouded by a tree, close to the Hounslow/Hammersmith border.
This first chapter is titled MEET THE CAFETERIA FRINGE. And you may have just asked yourself the first question that I asked myself when I read this. What the heck is Cafeteria Fringe?? And suddenly I pictured my school cafeteria with a lacy fringe along the walls. Little did I know, I wasn’t too far off. Robbins’ definition of Cafeteria Fringe is “People who are not part of or who are excluded from a school’s or society’s in crowd”. Sound like you? Because that hits the nail on the head for me.
In order for whites to survive, they will have to become aware of the tactics and methods of the enemy. Is it not time that whites start adopting these Diocletian methods themselves? How can Whites use Diocletian’s “Problem-Reaction-Solution” to their own advantage? What does blacks consider as “problems” and can we create some for them to the point where there is an outcry “that something must be done”? Can we then supply them with the “Solution” in order to achieve our own goals?
* According to a video posted by the HUB Blog, Rechnitz had dreamed of building a Velodrome for bike racing in Harlem back in 2009. That dream apparently fell through. Watch the video to hear Rechnitz describe his goals.
He fell down and was found dead, with his arms around the flowers with a note in his hand saying, “I am ugly. And ugly shouldn‘t be here anymore.”
_____I have perfected the line "I've done all I can. He's in God's hands now...", just in case I one day have to perform emergency open heart surgery on someone in public, miles from the nearest hospital, with a butter knife and sticky tape. Because you never know..."
27. Thee Mighty Caesars - Cowboys Are Square
Let the worlds riches, which dispersed lie,
Nor JOVES sharpe-lightening ever could devoure:
Reformation 1685.’
Public board chair Judith Bishop said talks haven't gone anywhere on combining Catholic and public bus routes, a plan she says would save taxpayers money.
3) Introduce dosing orally with tasty things (working on deworming phobia)
Who is speaking? Isaiah. (Actually, the Holy Sprit through Isaiah).
So, yes, she was watching the Orange County version and they were having a GNO at a painting studio. Alli-baby thought, "kachinga! Let's do this thing!"
“It is not the role of either Hamas or the Palestinian factions to expose the hypocrites in the Palestinian and Arab arena. Today, in the age of the internet, satellite TV, and the media, your third role is to expose the facts. Anyone who knows something should make it public. If you think there are hypocrites and collaborators in our region – a fifth column that cooperates with the Zionists and Americans – We want to expose them.”
Customer: Hi, I’ve been having trouble with my coffee maker. I’ve powered it down, unplugged it, changed the filter and plugged it back in. It still won’t work.
*** Dutch Genever/Jenever/Geniévre, Slovakian Slovenská borovička, German Korngenever, Steinhäger and French Genièvre Flandres Artois are also geographically protected.
Oh, and by the way, everything's fine. All they found was some of the little bleedy lovelies that we all seem to get after having babies. Love that aging process; I do, I do.
I’ve even heard of a procedure called a toe-tuck (I’m serious – go ahead and Google it) that claims to improve the appearance of your baby toe. Just in case, you know, it isn’t looking as young and firm as it used to.
The sound system has to be multiple for ATC and ambient sounds.
When the sun begins to set the first attendees begin to emerge, out for a quiet drink after dinner, watching the day dawn and drinking to yet another day in the beautiful city of Dubai.
Once the Malays willingly cede their political power to Pakatan, the process of change will begin in earnest and the Malays will enter the 21st century secure in the knowledge that what was promised but never delivered to them by Umno for 53 years will now be done by Pakatan.
children's medicine
I no longer recall if the first appeals of projects approved by the regional commissions set up by the initiative were heard at the initial State Commission meeting or at a later one. I will assume that it was later because I cannot see how it could have been the first meeting since we had not adopted the interim regulations containing appeal procedures yet. Also, although I drafted the appeal form, I do not recall involvement in development of the coastal development permit application forms and so will assume they had been developed by the regional commission staff.
In Radical Honesty sense it is the principle of interrupting our minds, by our senses. Using our senses as our primary guidance, not our minds illusions.
I didn't pursue the comment as I suspect a cash flow problem and didn't really know how to say it, but I would have planted the field for them and they could have paid me when ever they had the money. It is not the people who tell you up front that they are low on money that rip you off! Plus, I'm sure they had a tank full of diesel that they could have filled me up with, so it would not have actually cost me money.
Besides the number of languages that they use, there is one major difference between monolinguals and multilinguals: we talk about multilinguals as such, whereas we don’t talk about monolinguals as monolinguals. I don’t think anyone ever wondered whether monolingualism can affect a child’s linguistic development, or worried that school monolingualism might impair reasoning abilities, for example.
By a Global Good News staff writer
Yesterday I preached my first sermon of the year 2012. New years often open new doors to new paradigms, so this year I really wanted to rethink how I approach my sermons. How does one go about preaching the gospel?
11. A bran muffin recipe
Plowing through most of my emails from vacation.
Beauty and the Beast (Carol Woolverton)
When Applicants are dissatisfied by a USPTO action, there are 2 avenues for potential relief: (1) appeal to the Federal Circuit, and (2) file a §145 civil action in district court. While an appeal limits review of an application to the evidence of record, §145 actions afford an applicant the opportunity to introduce new evidence after the close of administrative proceedings.
for a guy who presumably was as scared as a mouse in room full of elephants.
Now that the weather is turning from warmish to cool, I'm taking the time to knit. It's always a wonderful time of year, my favourite. Thank you for your visits during the week. I hope you enjoy the weekend.
Personally even if these were the most amazing lipsticks i'd ever tried i wouldn't buy them because of my experiences with the company and the fact that they have been proved to threaten bloggers for giving them a bad review, encorouging their fans to spam other reviews, insulted people left and right and tried to sabotage another company. But the fact is these lipsticks aren't amazing, they're less than mediocre in my opinion (and that's being quite kind) and terribly overpriced, even though we didn't pay the full price for these i can't see i'll ever wear them again so i would be very very angry if i had paid full price. And when the mediocre formula is combined with colours that, while Lime Crime want to convince you otherwise, you can get from other sellers who do not come with shady pasts i would recommend shopping elsewhere. I don't think they'd be quite so much to be negative about if Lime Crime just hadn't made so many claims about their lipsticks (opaque in one stroke, shades you can find nowhere else etc). Apparently the more 'normal' the colour of the lipstick is the better the formula (so the pinks and reds are less drying and chalky than the blues or purples) but as i haven't tried any i can't say myself. However i don't see any point buying an 'ordinary' colour like red from Lime Crime when you can get good quality versions of these colours anywhere for a lot cheaper when the whole point of the Candyfuture collection is meant to be that the colours are unusual and hard to find. The only colour in the collection i can't find a near dupe for is No She Didn't, which is also my favourite of the colours. I like the idea of a bubblegum powder-blue lip. However lip swatches i have seen online make the formula look absolutely awful, thick and chalky, still i would have liked to try it myself. Having said that you can get other shades of blue from many many sources.
A trip to the cellular jail in the andamans and to the Veer Savarkar park in front of it., is a heart wrenching experience. To see the statues of strong, proud and brave men in chains, men who were prevented from using the toilets at night, who were fed dilute kanji after hard labour and brutally force-fed when they went on hunger strike and thus killed, men who were ill-treated in unimaginable ways till they said whatever their jailors wanted them to say… this will draw tears from hearts of stone. All this because they loved their country, their identity and their freedom.
2. Giselle
You know that feeling of inspiration, when ordering and arranging things becomes like making art - add some texture here, add some color there, edit..... take something away, add that little something for balance, find all things in one color range, find colors that compliment, tall and short, pairs versus three, what works together, what relates, what doesn't......and on and on.
During the health fair Thursday, we had a 3rd grade girl with elevated blood sugar. Her mom was called and then we called her family physician. She was taken to Children's Hospital ER and admitted...she is Type 1
Uncle Andy has fled with his nephew Shane, to Nancy's sisters house in Oakland. You see, Nancy figured "Oakland" would be a safer place for her son, Shane. Oakland people. How safe is Oakland? I've watched that video of the 67 year old Vietnam Vet Tom Slick beat the hell out of a guy on the bus to the point of "leaking."
2. James Blood Ulmer - Revelation March
The Prius c, which starts at $20,950, is graced with an updated version of Toyota’s venerable 1.5 liter inline four cylinder engine. The enhancements help improve fuel efficiency with lighter weight valve springs, lighter tension weight piston rings, along with a few other items like the elimination of an accessory belt. In doing so, the power steering, air conditioning and water pump are all driven via electric motors to reduce drag and friction and improve fuel economy. This is paired with a Ni-MH battery pack that is about 2/3rds the size of the one found in the larger Prius, and provides an additional 25.9 horsepower to the c’s 73 horsepower engine. The transaxle in the Prius c is an all electric unit that has no belts.
JJ: They were a perfect example of “death by technical proficiency.” Once they learned how to make a pop song that would go over huge on the radio, once they figured out that there was a formula for that and started doing it on a level that was high enough to keep them from wanting to shoot themselves, they just started doing it, and did it well (often wonderfully)…but man, the thing that existed before that, the feral thing…I mean, the other day I was listening to 7 Chinese Brothers on headphones, y’know, off of this remastering, and it was like…Jesus, this is the real deal. This came out of Georgia in 1980-whatever. It seemed unthinkable. And I’d like to write about what happened to that, over the course of the next thirty years. Not in a clichéd sense of “selling out.” Just: what happened to it?
7:30 – The Cleveland Show (Fox): Cleveland suffers a concussion after falling off a toilet, losing not only his dignity but Cleveland Jr.’s admiration as well. Meanwhile, an excited Rallo realizes that he’s tall enough to ride on his favorite roller coaster. That’s all well and good, but I’m afraid I’ve become accustomed to these things having Darren Criss and three original songs and I’ll never be able to go back.
I'm posting a few of my latest projects. I have more but not enough time to take pix and format to upload...
Now that that's out of the way... I have a handle update.
This spring break my man led a family mission trip stateside. We were in an area that was somewhat "unreached" (according to Bible belt standards). Our goal? To hang packets of information on as many doorsteps as possible. The packets included a tract in English and Spanish, local church information, and a free ticket to an event where the Gospel will be presented.
Robyn was so convincing. Her argument made some sense, or at least that what my brain was agreeing with as it forced me to nod my head, however jerkily it may have seemed.
In giving dietary advice, the Chinese physician takes into account the weather, the season, the geography of the area, and the patient’s specific imbalances (including emotional upsets) in order to select foods that will counteract excesses or supply deficient elements. Basic preventive dietary care, for example, would recommend eating yin foods in the summer, which is a yang season.
‘Dunno. Just faded off and went.’
A few of Aunt Ann's paintings:
35. What political issue stirred you the most?
London Citizens
This basil was put in a jar 2 weeks ago and the roots are already starting to form.
Amber hurried through the dark side streets of central London, heading for the nearest Underground station. She glanced back over her shoulder. The man from the courtyard of the redbrick factory building stood on the other side of a busy road. The hood of his black coat obscured his face but Amber could feel his eyes on her—intent and cold.
To the plains of the poems of heroes, to the prairies spreading wide,
I love rules, couldn't you tell? I am not one to go up a down staircase even if it means walking around, I am horrified anyone would even consider parking in a handicapped space and oh my gosh I am shocked that there are people out there that don't pay their bills for so long their creditors are calling their family. So I am very hard on myself when it comes to rules.
I am convalesced
What are your must-haves for the hospital?
As a work of historical fiction, how much research was involved in writing the story? How concerned are you with balancing fact and fiction?
for hours through the last of day and the night,
In June-July – the kids have swim team. Every weekday morning (every single one) the kids have to be in the water for practice at various times between 6:30 am and 8:30 am. Swim team is fabulous, it makes them get up in the morning, gets them exercise. Roughly 2 times a week there are swim meets where they get to hang out with friends and eat all the grapes and granola bars they want.
Both fast and slow.
First you are going to decide on what image you want, and using your favorite imaging software I's say reduce it to at least 50px X 50px then you will get an idea of how it is going to look small. Take that image and go over here to Dynamic Drive-Favicon Generator and input the image. It will create a favicon for you.
Womens Fashion Tips For Spring Fashion
An interesting article by Claire Perrette in this issue is about the ornaments made from marine shells that were found at a neolithic site in the Fijian Archipelago. A nice photograph shows the different types of ornaments.
Little Miss is officially without her two front teeth. She lost the first one on Thursday at school, and the second one came out last night. She's quite proud, and I have to admit that she's pretty cute without them. The morning after her first front tooth, she proudly announced that the Tooth Fairy had given her a quarter from Arizona, and she was thrilled.
Each project has a detailed how-to video highlighted on the Doing Nation Facebook application and you can download shopping lists for each project directly to your mobile phones.
Ffff......
Yellow lines were painted around Paul McCarthy's car while he was away.
Row 15: Cast on 1 stitch, knit to the end of the row. (22 stitches)
Spring
Trivial, maybe, but enough of an oddity if you keep up with Texas plants that I thought I should keep track of it.
A fresh face for a new season.
And then (okay, procrastination is good for the soul), I ran into a blog post that, in a small way, reminded me that the thing that we daydream about when we wish we were doing something else, that thing that from the outside looks like heaven here on earth — usually isn’t.
As the father sends me… sends me, takes me, blesses me, breaks me, gives me… as the Father sends me, so I send you.
It better be good after all this time. On a side note, the Sloe vodka made last autumn is fantastic, best batch yet, good job I had enough sloes for 2 bottles, mmm guess what my tipple will be tonight.
gets into the tea to the guardhouse,
As the Confucians have taught us, the family is a school of compassion because it is here that we learn to live with other people. Family life involves self-sacrifice, because daily we have to put ourselves to one side in order to accommodate the needs of other family members; nearly every day there is something to forgive (p. 68-69).” -Karen Armstrong
Varnish is basically paint without pigment. It is a high-resin-content finish, traditionally based on oil (turpentine) or spirit and using natural gums like copal and benzoin; there is no real advantage in these old-fashioned materials, which are slower drying and less durable than the wide range of synthetic resin varnishes on the market.
I recently completed a case mod for a friend of a friend, and it took much longer than expected. Unfortunately, I didn’t document the whole thing from start to finish, and my buddy assembled the hardware and gave it to his friend before I got pictures of the completed project. But, I did take a picture of the side panel (The coolest part of the mod in my opinion…) before I relinquished it:
Lunch Queen
Apart from my incapability of playing this well, the other problem would be to get hold of a decent clavecimbel/harpsichord. Having heard the gavotte being played on a piano many times, it always stays a bit of disappointment. I can’t help myself: I prefer the sound of the clavecimbel over that of a piano. Although many will disagree, like the conductor Sir Thomas Beecham (1879-1961) who’s alleged opinion was that the sound of a harpsichord is something in the lines of two skeletons copulating on a tin roof in a thunderstorm. Quite amusing but no less was to be expected of a man like Beecham known for his sharp tongue and one-liners.
On my knees I beseech such longing to let go
If there were a definitive answer as to what causes autism and a clear logical pathway to understanding both the effects and the experience of Autism….
58 your
If you click on her link you can
I have used Graphic 45 papers from the Once Upon a Springtime line, along with a variety of cardstock.
Date: Saturday, March 20, 2010
The "look" of the Royal Trifle is very much up to the artistic licence of the chef!
At this point, Suta Goswāmī is overjoyed but shocked to have found such deep spiritual passion in an unexpected place – a ritualistic ceremony.
They aren't brainwashed by school or me or the media. They take in info and they form their own ideas, and conclusions.
She then did a horrible little test in which she shot cold and then warm water into my ears, altertating left and right. During this odd and uncomfortable little bit of weirdness, she asked me to name things...e.g. names of women, in alphabetical order, names of men, names of geographic locations, and names of animals. And - people, this is so freaky - when she filled up my left ear with water, so I only had my right ear to work with, I COULD NOT name animals. AT ALL. And that room was spinning like I was on a centrifuge.
What happened in those camps is a history lesson lost. Most people have only a vague idea as did I until about 4 years ago. I stumbled upon a remarkable story of resilience to come out of one of the camps in Manzanar, California . It has stayed with me and I continued to follow it.
As a result, Mr Turton argues, South Africa is faced with increasing problems of water quality.
I have no idea where I am at, but best to update. I have been still knitting and crocheting but not as much as usual. I had my birthday last week...I think. My 8yo told me I was 24 so I will take that. Been reading much into politics so that is heavy stuff. I have given up milk this year and also Hungry Jacks. I am not much into those foods anyway so it wasn not that hard. I watched earthlings recently so that has me thinking. I am vegetarian and since my husband has been watching vegan and juicing videos he has been eating better, though he still eats meat just less so. Anyway, been into watching political documentaries and thinking about the very important things in my life. I am not a religous person - in fact I don't feel comfortable with organised religion - though I have been thinking about my belief in God. I have never been an atheist though agnostic in some ways, I rather believe there is a God and Savior of this world. I try nt to think too much about how evil the world is because its true that those with power often abuse it, take advantage of it and corrupt the people. That said, would I? If I could make a world I wanted, would I? If it would benefit my family and I and maybe in my own mind, the community at large. I am probably one of the very few people who does not want for riches or power and maybe this is the reason why. I could say more but suffice to say I have been thinking about the value of duality and that we are all capable of good and evil and its up to the individual to make their own choices as best they can. To feel only happiness is against nature.
Maybe running without all the pressure and the time constraints and the sheer panic will be quite pleasant.
The next day, The Straits Times carried a report stating “Scots Guards and Police were today reported to have shot dead 25 out of 26 bandits during a wide-scale operation in North Selangor.” It called the killings the “biggest success as yet achieved in one operation in Malaya since the Emergency began.”
Of course, that's the bridge that can "curl itself into a ball" – not the canal. Or the Thames. Though I would like to see that.
I am currently at the library but my laptop is strangely not picking up the wifi which is probably a sign to start on this blog post instead so I’ll just post it up later. Well, it all started when I tried a slice of this heavenly bundt cake that someone gave us in return for giving them a bag of lemons from our lemon tree. The cool part was that they used our lemons in the lemon bundt cake! The cake not surprisingly disappeared in one day. Anyways, I never thought I would get to taste it again and I wondered what the secret recipe was. One random day though, bored out of my mind, I decided to bake something. I get most of my inspirations and ideas from foodgawker which is the most addicting website ever because the format is amazing not to mention all the beautifully photographed food. For me, it’s key to see a good picture of what I am about to cook because I then know what to expect or not expect when baking. Well, I saw a recipe for a lemon bundt cake, which reminded me of that delicious slice I had a while back so I decided I was going to make just that. A benefit of this recipe is that you most likely already have if not all but most of the ingredients. We had tons and tons of lemons so I picked a couple from outside, cleaned them, and put them aside all my other ingredients. I have to admit, one of my favorite parts of this cake aside from how moist and delicious it is, is the lemon icing on top. It took me a couple times to get it right, but after making this cake four times, I think I have the hang of it.
One of the most asked questions on TTCAL is "How do I know if my OPK is positive or negative?". It can be hard to tell sometimes. Hopefully this blog post can help clear up any confusion and make your TTCAL journey a little easier.
Prelude
Beat the creamed cheese, orange juice and orange peel. Fold
Then again, we have the other side of the coin that, although I try, I can’t ignore. In truth if it wasn’t for the numerous posters and advertisements that always precede a new movie then perhaps I might not ever have stumbled upon many of these beautiful novels, so lovingly crafted and so engrossing in their scope. After all, no matter how popular a novel is you will rarely see it’s cover on the side of a bus or at the bus stop. Many movie I have seen have spurred me on to buy the original novel and I can’t overlook this debt I owe to Hollywood for this enlightenment.
I ended up triple bogeying this hole because I lost my tee shot to the cattails. My third shot was middle of the fairway but it was too long to go for the green. I laid up then hit onto the green with a PW and 2-putted. This is one hole that I will play again this summer.
8. Please do not bring anything to sell. Vending will not be permitted.
It would be good to know as I've been delving into Nash's life and work this year in preparation for a new book, 'Paul Nash in Pictures: Landscape and Dream', which will be published by the Mainstone Press in the autumn. As with the 'Ravilious in Pictures' series, the new book focuses on a selection of twenty-two paintings, each accompanied by a concise essay; we've decided to dedicate the first volume to Nash's oil paintings, which he used to express the ideas that pre-occupied him most. A second volume will focus on his gorgeous watercolours, which were admired greatly during his lifetime but which are now rarely seen in public.
In a study of employees in a large Swedish company, Granath et al. (2006) compared the stress-relieving effects of yoga with those of Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT). Half of the group received CBT and the other half attended a yoga course. Using psychological and physiological measurements, the researchers found that the two approaches were equally beneficial with the important difference being that yoga is an inexpensive approach that people can easily continue with themselves.
Well, our Scout leader wasn't impressed. First of all, he had no idea what a fucking Spad was or why it was appropriate for us to have a combat biplane on our patrol flag. We were told to find another name and come up with a new design, pronto. We balked. The Spad Patrol was here to stay, Commandante, so get over it. He called our parents and threatened to dismiss us from the troop if we didn't show more respect for his authority, and of course, our parents were in complete agreement with him, because he was an adult and we were smartass little shits who needed discipline.
“Guys, do me a favor?” Regent asked, not taking his eyes off Shadow Stalker. He smacked his scepter into the palm of one hand, “Gag her, then give us some privacy?”
Phew. Her definition of fat and my definition of fat are definitely different. Happy to say, I was not too “fat” to skydive.
This could be fun!
now I come to hear
Attorneys will be able to obtain up to 10 credits of Continuing Legal Education at the conference, said Mayes, noting it’s a good opportunity for anyone interested in practicing in renewable energy law. “When solar energy takes off, this will become a significant practice area for a lot of attorneys in Arizona and other states in the Southwest,” she said.
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me….Psalm 23:4-6
The NFL couldn’t then, and can’t now, invite anything that would upset the competitive balance of the league. The other issue that is in play here is that there is a seedy underbelly that comes with the illegal gambling that Karras and Hornung were involved in. Along with the usual work-pools, barroom pick-em’s, and friendly wagers is the desperate gambler trying to get an edge. Allowing star players to continue their involvement with desperate people with nothing to lose is a quick way to sink people’s faith that the league is fair competition.
And, before I end this series, I’d like to use that last point as a focus for my final thoughts.
There is left no place,
Luke 22:31-32
When you knew the truth?
It’s black, save the glow of the gibbous moon. Fingerling fronds from the branches beyond the casement window tap against the glass in Jasmine’s room, reflecting ghastly shadows on the unadorned walls. She whimpers. She mustn’t move. She wants to be brave against the choir of the night. She wants to blow away the singing shadows and rolls sideways to face the photograph of a handsome young
slump-shouldered nephew, Duke Flymalter. Or as Owe-Me
WEEK 10: Create A Home Mail Organizing Center
– U.S. Provides Pot to 4 Patients “For Compassionate Reasons”
Love has come in and out of my life the past few years. For whatever was gained and lost, I’ve always told myself that the last thing that I should ever feel is regret. There’s no point in that. There will be times when you smack yourself on the head and you think “Why did I not see that coming?” and “Why didn’t I know any better?” but when these questions replay in my mind, I just stop and think about things eternally happening for a reason. Whatever mistake you make, whatever pain you feel, they all happen for a reason and will lead you to become who you need to be and all you can really hope for is to find yourself in a better place. And it’s all a matter of how you push yourself to accept things, let go, and start anew.
No panties
“Poot.”
Harry Haynes, the son of former leading jump jockey and BHA starter Peter Haynes, was born on March 23, 1989 and took out an amateurs’ licence in 2005. He had his first winner at Goodwood on the Flat in August of that year aboard Mythical Charm. He rode his first jump winner aboard Solway Sunset at Aintree on May 18, 2007, in a mares’ handicap hurdle. That marked the beginning of a good season for Haynes, as he partnered a further 10 winners at a strike rate of 15 per cent before making the decision to take out a conditionals’ licence in 2008. Haynes learnt his trade riding out for trainer John Bridger in Hampshire at weekends and during school holidays, whilst also riding in Arab races for Tony and Sue Brunton and Georgina Ward. He also had 30 rides in point-to-points when he was 17. This is where his relationship with Scottish handler James Ewart started, picking up a spare ride after Ewart’s jockey broke a collarbone. After four years attached to Nicky Richards’ stable in Cumbria, he was appointed stable jockey to Ewart before the 2009/10 season after riding six winners from 12 rides for the yard the season before. After a successful three-season spell with Ewart, Haynes began this campaign with Yorkshire- based trainer Malcolm Jefferson which has yielded some big races successes already. The 23-year-old steered stable stalwart According To Pete to big races successes in Wetherby’s Rowland Meyrick Chase and Haydock Park’s Peter Marsh Chase. Haynes realised a lifelong dream this season when riding Attaglance to victory in this year’s Martin Pipe Conditional Jockey’s Handicap Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival – his first at The Festival. John Smith’s Grand National record: No previous rides
And yet, even as I write this, Pip has started carving out little bits of personal space around the apartment. Now whenever it is time to clean up and put things away, it is common for Pip to identify some creation or arrangement of things he would like for us to leave in place for the next day. Yesterday it was a fire truck by the bathroom door. Today it was a pile of LEGO pieces he had collected in a little cup and left by his seat at the dinner table. More often than not he never returns to these items. They get forgotten over the night and reintegrated into the play of the next morning. The regularity of this pattern makes me see these acts as a way of staking a more permanent claim to our shared spaces, as a way of exercising some control over them even when he is not present in them. It is his way of asserting his own individual place amidst the communal swirl of our family. I imagine there will be many more instances of this kind of activity headed our way in the future.
Today's guest post is from Reeni of Cinnamon Girl Recipes. She is not only a great food blogger, but also a wonderful friend of mine . It is difficult to find true friend nowadays. She is one of them. Her recipes have always mesmerized me a lot, not only do they look great but also delicious. I have tried a few of them, but they turned out to be delicious as she mentioned in the recipe. I need to find some more time to try her recipes. Her pictures are also very nice. When I asked her to do guest post for me, she immediately agreed and sent me this wonderful recipe. Try some time, if you like blondies, then this is the cookies for you.
Oil on Mat Board
"I worry about our leprechaun. His first patrol has started with a bang," Daghdha frowned.
What is it like being adopted? Being adopted means being different. Different is not bad, it is just different. To deny my difference would be to deny who I am. I started out in this world differently. My conception, prenatal experience, and birth were different. My birthmother was not joyfully pregnant. No one gave her a baby shower. She never saw the infant she gave birth to. Or at least that’s was what I thought.
I spied another neighborhood dog taking its late morning constitutional, stopping for the pause that refreshes by unleashing a coil of what looked like flexible telephone poles out of its ass.
So let me now respond with 5 reasons why libertarians should back Romney.
Accessories: iridescent ribbon, rhinestones
It has been a tumultuous month for the judges of the Constitutional Court, the country’s highest legal authority, after:
What purpose do Awards serve? President Obama in receiving the Peace Prize was controversial because he did not fit the profile of what we think of when we think of Awards – past achievements, a proven role model for success in the field and beacon to others to highlight past unsung work. For their abilities. Obama fits none of these in the field of peace – yet. He has not proven any abilities yet.
I am SO hoping my Nooks project gets funded this week too! If anyone has gift cards laying around and are looking for a project to put them on... I'm your girl! :) If you are donating to anyone this week, be sure to do it via their "Giving Page" and enter the code BLOOM when you check out.
‘Oragh comes from Meath and his real name is Liam O’Reilly. A singer-songwriter and storyteller, his debut album Only 2 Late If Ur Dead reflects a very personal journey tinged by the death of his older brother. The opening track ‘Missing (But Not Forgotten)’ lyrically deals with the series of missing women in Leinster, but musically has the gauche charm of The Only Ones. There’s a Lou Reed bleakness in the soundscape that underpins ‘Don’t Talk Before You Think About The Consequences’, but its vulnerable innocence harks back to early U2. ‘Hey Nelson’ deftly connects Ugg boots with Nelson Mandela’s shirt collection. There’s an attractively personal openness about Oragh’s work that sets him apart.’
From mid-2009 to early 2011, I was still 5’0” feet tall but I was 100 lbs heavy--just the right weight according to the standard of most nutritionists.
The aquarium serves a challenge to Steinkamp’s videos of flowers and clouds. Being in an art gallery and coming from a blue chip artist, the imagery must go somewhere beyond that aquarium. I don’t think that Steinkamp is an artist focused on critiquing originality or imitation or nature (we don’t need any more of those artists) so instead, I agree with Christopher Knight that the flowers and clouds attempt elegy, that they become metaphors for loss. The videos are quite beautiful and you feel sort of wispy in the gallery, intoxicated by the complexity of the tones and flavors of the flowers, but something eventually bothered me.
I gave all I could, but it left me so sore.
You haven’t run in fifteen years. You gave it up when an arrogant track and field coach laughed at you. You were, after all, a cross-country guy who ran with heart and had served another coach with heart. But he retired.
According to Wikipedia:
1. Click on the link by the title and a message will pop up asking if you want to navigate away from this site. Click YES.
The approach should be to first really know the character before writing down a word. If you try to flesh out a character by pushing around the words in your manuscript, or merely inserting “character” lines or paragraphs, the result will likely come out less than desired. You can dress a scarecrow all you want, add all the accessories, but it’s still a scarecrow. It’s not living, dynamic, breathing. The character has to start in your head; and only after you’ve mentally walked in his/her skin, when they are so real and alive you instinctively know how they like their eggs cooked, are you ready to write. And when you tell that person’s story – as honestly as you can – the character will naturally flow out of you and onto the pages. He’ll walk and breathe and laugh and cry in 3D.
He did say that he would delete the emails and blah blah blah…Thank God Alejandro seemed like a nice gay guy.
The Rebel
(Meredith's and my Swag at 9:30 am on Wednesday, after the Swag Sweep)
Spouted out that liberty
Since she came to visit in March
Ebook: January 2012
If you missed the original post regarding this training, please click on the link to read all about it.
the shapes the kite makes that the strings bring back.
Another way to pop popcorn is in a paper bag - in the microwave. Use about 1/4 cup of popcorn kernels in a paper lunch bag. Fold over the top of the bag a couple of times. Leave plenty of room for popping. Allow about 3 minutes for popping depending upon the wattage of your microwave oven. Stop when the popping sounds slow way down - otherwise the popcorn may start to burn. That’s it. Pour your popcorn into a bowl - add toppings and you can re-use the bag. You can learn to pop popcorn the old-fashioned way. Heat a skillet or pan on top of the stove dry or (with a little oil works better) - add popcorn - place a lid on it - and shake the pan back and forth (with one hand on the pan and one hand on the lid to keep them together). Keep the lid a little to the side to let steam escape but not the popcorn. Pop over medium-high heat until it has finished popping. Immediately pour into a bowl. This is not only makes a healthier popcorn but you can actually burn some calories in the process - especially if you are making several batches for everybody.
The One who loved me regardless of the mistakes I had made.
Alice in Paris Loves Art and Tea - A blog for those who enjoy the finer things in life. You'll find lots about Paris and art and tea, and so many other wonderful things (including some beautiful photos). Don't let the title fool you; although it is as classy as the French capital, this blog oozes Atlantic Canadian charm.
I read your post with interest as it addresses what are currently two of my most pressing (and parallel) personal and professional concerns, viz
CONTROL
Roderick Cameron's ashes were scattered in the garden he created around Truex's obelisk. Where Gilbert Ocelli's ashes lie I have no idea.
That way, websites would need to encourage people to keep coming back and stay online for longer. Meanwhile, a website which has 120,000 monthly unique users who only stick around for 1 minute would not necessarily be seen as superior to one with 100,000 unique users spending 7 minutes on the site.
Now, the mad monk who was pontificating about the end of the world was actually an insurance salesman from Bulgaria. He had allowed his hair to grow unkempt to give himself a prophet-like appearance, and had financed his vacation in the Congo with the maturity value of one of his own policies. I later asked him what he knew about the Mayan doomsday prediction:
In One Hundred Years of Solitude, TOM SYKES sees the genius in the chaotic (ir)realism of Gabriel García Márquez’s Third World literature of protest
The gate, you are, you see
A new regional situation is emerging in South Asia. It is in the interest of Pakistan and China to push the Kashmir issue to the back burner to divert attention from the construction of a huge dam in Gilgit by the Chinese P.L.A.
(Letter to Rupanuga — Tirupati, 28 April, 1974)
12-04 Toronto, Ontario - Air Canada Centre
Source: Ina Garten
Within minutes I felt powerless. What had I done? I just gave all my power away.
~ Audrey Hepburn
Christianity demands as a first step a total faith in God as the Holy Trinity: Father, Son and Holy Spirit.
If I was honest, I would tell you that I’m afraid of love. I’m scared to do it again –I’m scared of what I will wake back up. But most of all, I’m scared of what I will remember. There is so much that I have let slip away; so much that I have purposely forgotten. The memories come and go in bright glimpses; the warmth of touch; the serenity in closeness. It’s always worse when the song comes on. I want to listen to Dani California and feel nothing.
Wolf: ooohhhh
From the car park, round the dam and back takes about an hour. At the moment the car park is free however there is talk of charging to park here.
Similarly, the Nigerian Music Industry Coalition have requested that all broadcasting stations dedicate time on the same day to granting and airing interviews, debates or any other program related to artistes rights as a way of supporting the cause.
Whenever you switched on your radio this spring, you couldn’t help hearing The Shins and their single ‘Simple Song’. That is why we decided to invite them to Pukkelpop again. With their infectious indie pop James Mercer & co will succeed in creating that delightful summer feeling at the Pukkelpop site on Saturday 18th August.
Somewhere long the way, I lost that, getting caught up in what others might think, competing with other authors, and trying to outdo my own work. Where is the fun in that? As reclusive and antisocial as I was, a whole lot of people where in my ear, influencing how I put down words. In short, I was letting in the wrong people, and shutting out the right.
He said Robinson’s previous good character and early plea of guilty to a non-dwelling burglary, as well as the low value of goods stolen, the fact he was in education, and his remorse, were in his favour.
Modeling School
and she will sing “Danny Boy”
“Oooh, you need to get married/buy a house/start a family/make x amount of money by 30.”
The books were supposed to be sexy, but they can't have any sex in them. The characters in these books are 17 and 18. They are over the age of consent. They don't have any full sex, but even references to sexual desire, or to consenting over-30s having sex, have to be very tame and ambiguous. I think I can trust the more knowing reader to fill in the gaps, so I'll let that go, too. And the unknowing younger teen will read on, oblivious to what might be happening.
If this is the first place you see moral failings among the twelve, I suggest you go back to the primary sources and look at the story of the Transfiguration where the apostles are jostling for first place, or the feeding of the crowds with a few loaves bread and some fish — which the apostles claim can’t be done — or the Garden of Gethsemane, where everyone fell asleep. Judas wasn’t the only slacker in those stories. Even Jesus’ mother tried to have him put away. But I suppose pointing these things out makes me anti-Apostle, doesn’t it?
Handbags!
In making connections to spirituality as most people think of it, Lurrie Bell’s rendition of Peace in the Valley would appear to be the easiest fit. The song is, after all, a gospel standard, so what more is there to say? Quite a bit, it turns out. Bell grew up in the American south at a time when musicians had a stark choice to make between playing the blues or gospel. Blues was viewed as the Devil’s music, and this was taken quite seriously. Bell, of course, moved to Chicago, and made a name for himself as one of the best blues artists in a blues town. His blues often features his electric guitar and a good-sized band. But, before Bell left the south, he played gospel. The Devil Ain’t Got No Music is a statement by a man who is beginning to feel his own mortality, an affirmation of faith and a testimony. Stylistically, Bell can not keep the blues out of his gospel music, but the arrangements are stripped down, and the playing is mostly acoustic, although with a sharp edge. This is the sound of a man baring his soul, and Peace in the Valley is a fine example of the music’s power.
It is in fact all the more venerated in that it is the less hackneyed through frequent use. People respond deeply to the sublime poetry of the words – especially the first verse, which is usually the only one sung – and the solemn and moving music finds its way right to the hearts of Icelanders.
Coconut – 2 tablespoon, fresh scrapings
Secondly, I originally planned on having a cooler layout: more of a gritty, zine-y feel to the whole thing. However, life and procrastination got in the way, so it's not quite as nice as it could have been. Sorry about that!
For me, Preminger's disquieting detachment is what makes this visually sumptuous adaptation of Françoise Sagan's melodramatic novella as powerful as it is—to the point that Jean Seberg's obvious limitations as an actress, to my mind, ultimately don't hinder my appreciation too much (though there's no escaping some of the awkwardness of some of her line readings, especially when she's called on to suggest more complex emotions). Its final shot—of Seberg's Cecile, fully realizing the dead end of the lifestyle she so ruthlessly fought to maintain the summer before, smearing cream while she begins to cry—is devastating in its impact.
As our search for land becomes more pressing in the coming decades, we must be prepared to work with communities to explore the potential of these sites.
Keep your battery connections clean.
Rams is a keen tweeter, and his tweets are often indiscreet, and unintentionally amusing. They provide Barnet bloggers with plenty of entertainment.
"Oh" he said. Subtext "What is she going to suggest now"?
Happy Friday! Welcome to the HoneyBee hive... and the kickoff to a great weekend! This is the post where we share the BUZZ in the BIZZ, BRAG about what's been happening, and share what is making us HAPPY... and we invite all of you to do join right in with us!
Favorite fictional character: Anakin Skywalker.
That is why a State of the Union speech promising to “freeze” spending or “cut back” on government waste, is laughable.
There wasn't an interview that went by the last week where I wasn't asked a question about Rush Limbaugh, and yet repeatedly, these folks on the left – whether it's Maher or Letterman or you name it – they're out there trashing everybody who stands up for Christian conservative values, anybody who dares to actually teach their children faith in their home."
“With the launch of the Dreamliner, India will become the second country in JAL’s operations to get this special high-end aircraft. This reiterates our commitment to the Indian market. The first Dreamliner service will be launched in India from tomorrow,” said country manager Yasushi Isomura.
meeting
I ordered the Hazelnut Latte, which surprisingly did not burn my mouth (I love taking sips from my drinks immediately). It’s no Starbucks but it’s equally satisfying. The taste of hazelnut was evident with a perfect blend of coffee. It was sweet enough for my liking as I don’t really like the bitterness of lattes (high five for anyone who’s with me!). I was extremely tempted to try their cakes but since I’m cutting out chocolate for a good month.. you know what this means. I will definitely come back to try out their cakes as well as their Caramel Latte (again, a sucker for both cakes and caramel lattes).
Michael stepped towards me and i sat up in my bed. He moved towards the side of the bed, so he was facing me.. and then he sat next to me. The air moved with him and i could smell a wonderful scent of Black Orchid perfume.
Some field notes on the charms of a dress (with lots of stereotyping):
When I was a young fella my dad was a concreter but as he got a bit older his body packed up a bit and dad had to find a different path. He tried a few things and ended up a few years later buying 3 old Bedford Trucks, cannibalising them into two working trucks and set up his transport company out of the back of my Grandparents house in Auburn.
Caos Calmo, instead, nearly bored us to tears. After Pietro's (Nanni Moretti) wife dies unexpectedly, Pietro - a top man in some sort of fancy film distribution company - spends his days sitting on the bench outside of his young daughter's school. There, he makes flimsy connections with the local characters. Let the healing begin?
one of the limited slots in a
IHOP has partnered with the new movie Dr. Seuss' The Lorax to give a way three million seeds for Blue Spruce and Canadian White Pine seeds mixed and embedded on a bookmark. Children three to 12 can get the free bookmark at IHOP restaurants while they last.
Several of them and especially Indigofera tinctoria and Indigofera suffruticosa are used to produce the dye indigo.
Just like the one I faced
I could never have imagined falling victim of love at first sight, especially given the fact that I was already in love, or what I thought love to be. As fate would allow, on a beautiful, warm summer evening that is exactly what happened.
"I wish my cat were alive again!" writes in little Anna Keutenstuph in red crayon
I got to change the scene.
Rules of Attraction is a hell of a lot funnier than Perfect Chemisty. While Alex was resigned to his fate, Carlos is cynical about his life in general. His outlook in life is comparably worse, and this cynicism he easily translates into humour - this, combined with Kiara's boldness and the flair of interesting, hugely entertainting secondary characters, produces humour that had me giggling and laughing while reading. Despite his best efforts, Carlos is immature, wanting to dive head first into a life his brother once left behind. Watching him develop, learn and ultimately mature is perhaps one of the strengths of this book. Like Alex, Carlos has a strong heart, but mind you, is the truer bad boy of the two. And while I could quite easily list Carlos' endless loveable traits, I'll let you know that ultimately he's as hot as older brother Alex.
We need to Love one another: Again, we need to treat others as more important than ourselves. We need to take an active interest in their needs. It should matter to us what happens to them. We must take care of them an pray for them.
Blur Beetlebum UK
The release concerts of Skakkamanage will be anounced later on but untill then we encourage everyone to invest in All Over the Face which can be bought in every good record store.
We don’t think we’re deserving of your love, and we don’t want to bring you down to our level. Because you know, despite not feeling like it, we’re still good people.
By the time you read this we will be well on our way to see Michael, Jessica and Kara.
Another welcome rest day before the final leg of the tour.
The Sumo jokingly refers to himself as a coconut in his profile. I think his definition is far from Memela’s, and is more a spoof on being “black” in so-called, previously “white” schools and probably also refers to his body shape, which he loves referring to in a hilarious manner.
There is another physical action that generates a positive emotional reaction. Slouch your shoulders, lower your head and look down. You will feel ugly. On the other hand, if you stand up straight and raise your head, your brain will interpret your posture as a good feeling. Use your body to affect your heart.
So Jolie and her family came home with the BLACK AND WHITE cat, a.k.a.: "Tuxedo Cat", so you see, I've known "Kitty" most all of her life. Kitty would visit me on a regular basis--and one day, when she was about 2, came to stay permanently when her family moved on and couldn't take her along.
Flies hover as lazily as the patrons,
Mum and Dad married just after the end of World War 2, when Dad was on a short leave before being posted off again. I think they only had a weekend, if that, before he boarded a troup ship bound for India. Mum was to leave the UK to join him just a few weeks afterwards and she spent her time gathering together a little 'trousseau' of nice undies, lingerie and even some silk stockings. Then her six week voyage to India began - on 'HMS Andes' I seem to recall.
Last week I registered the minis for soccer. Barf. I'm notsomuch a fan of "the sports". Or the outdoors. Or the elements. Or the schlepping of equipment and gear to and from the field. I don't enjoy the parents yelling and getting all worked up. I hate the hot, depise the cold and God help me if it's raining.
Sometimes I wonder about this very question! It’s tricky as every mum reading this could attest. My mothering comes first of course. The days I am home (I work part time), I use the time that my daughter sleeps to clean & tidy the house and to make preparations for dinner. Sometimes, I would love to sit down and sew/ blog/ read during the day, I find our afternoons are a muddle if I do. Sewing and blogging are all done after my little girl is in bed in any spare moments.
Gianni Basso (tenor sax) on track A2,
My sister spent some time in Afghanistan on a government forensics contract. Knowing she was there in turbulent times, I merely suggested she keep an eye out for some genuine Lapis Lazuli. Although I’ve been known to put her in harms way when we were children, luckily she returned home safe and gifted me a small
"You're just like your mother."
The prevalence of the internet is only going to continue to increase, and no doubt, as a consequence, these attitudes will begin more and more to become part of our everyday experiences. We don’t have to look far to see discourteous and socially unaware people, we don’t have to speak out loud for long to discover a society-wide distrust of authority, and Gnosticism is as old as Christianity. What that means, then, is that the responses I advocate here must be an essential part, not only of our online lives, but of our everyday Christian walk. In all things, then, we must be authentic, faithful, knowledgeable, and lastly, with our Lord Christ as the primary example, personal.
It was early in 2008 that the financial system began to get more widespread attention. The sub-prime mortgage market was collapsing, and with it the value of the securities the banks had sold to the pension funds. The collateral that investment banks used to float their transactions had lost value, and this created a solvency problem for the banks. Banks reacted by tightening lending standards, belatedly, and this served to further exacerbate the collapse of the housing market.
album. “Ekki múkk” effortlessly segues into “Varúð”, which with its undertones of
Now imagine this happy scene flooded with bellowing men in piss-stained brown flares, waving pickled gherkins about their bandaged heads, and draw your own conclusions about Mr Putin's chances of completing his third presidential term.
So, the big story was around his resignation and his unfortunate use of the term “crucify.” Opponents of the EPA cited this as over-zealous and how dare he discuss crucifying these legitimate business interests. The context is the real story. Dish, Texas is the community near a hydraulic fracturing site where bedrock is blasted by chemically loaded water to release natural gas. For more on “fracking” please refer to an earlier post on “The Perils of Fracking.” Mr. Armendariz’ was making a speech in Dish as there is evidence of contaminated water and air pollution which are two of the major drawbacks of fracking. The real story is the extreme measure of harvesting natural gas is poisoning the water supply of a nearby town and arsenic, mercury, methane and others gases are being released into the air. Although not stated in the article fracking takes a significant amount of water that should not be reused and Texas is having severe drought problems.
Gauchat attributes the changes to two forces: Both science and conservatives have changed a lot in 40 years. In the post-WWII period, research was largely wedded to the Defense Department and NASA—think the space race and the development of the atomic bomb. Now the scientific institution “has come out from behind those institutions and been its own cultural force.” That has meant it is increasingly viewed as a catalyst of government regulation, as in the failed Democratic proposal to institute cap-and-trade as a way to reduce carbon emissions and stave off climate change.
Average bosses want employees to do exactly what they’re told. They’re hyper-aware of anything that smacks of insubordination and create environments where individual initiative is squelched by the “wait and see what the boss says” mentality.
Vancouver, British Columbia
And if that is true, then I am also reminded that even when life can present all of its challenges — from the mundane ones to the incredibly agonizing ones — I’m still growing and building up my mental strength & flexibility anyway. Move in a new career direction? Sure. Move to AK and start a new life with Husband? Sounds do-able. Live out of boxes and in temporary spaces for a year-plus? No problem. For me that has been the greatest gift of Crossfit, far beyond the physical benefits (which are awesome, most definitely) — I have had so much more clarity in my thinking and self-confidence in my abilities during these past two years than I ever have before, even while facing some of the harder transitions of my life and relationships.
To tell you the truth I will be glad when this week is over , Mr Sweetpea has been on a late shift, we have had college and the usual clubs plus little Sweetpea has been a bit full on and not wanting to go to bed until 9pm - I am shattered!
In many ways it has been a difficult time to be a club that has Premier League ambitions but is not a member of the clique. The gap between the top flight and the rest has been growing and the collapse of the ITV digital deal blew an unexpected hole in all Football League clubs’ budgets. Throughout this period though there has never seemed to be any overriding vision and the club has jumped from one manager to another, one style to another, one transfer strategy to another, creating instability and costly shifts in personality.
Week 16: Sunday, Dec. 23, San Francisco, 1:15 PM
Izzy choose all the fabrics, ribbons and buttons. She sewed the hearts on her sewing machine (with a bit of assistance!) and then helped me stuff them. I finished them off as she got a bit bored half way through and ditched me to go and make bracelets! She lasted a good couple of hours though and we had lots of fun.
Gladys Knight & Tristan MacManus – Tango
and pinned to his chest is an old little stocking.
Writing for a long time always makes me feel like a toadstool, cemented in place, ironically wishing that I could look as good as all the characters I write about.
“We are excited about this new adventure for the Doctor and the fact that he will be traveling with Captain Jean-Luc Picard and his iconic crew. This is a perfect partnership for not only Doctor Who’s incredible fans, but also for the brand. We have just celebrated our most successful year yet. Doctor Who’s latest season delivered record ratings for BBC AMERICA and it was most downloaded full TV seasons of 2011 in the U.S. on the iTunes Store,” says Soumya Sriraman, executive vice president Home Entertainment and Licensing.
Only a few weeks ago I didn’t even know whether I’d attend, having booked the weekend on a whim during one of my fight back moments. For aspiring author's to attend, one of the conditions was entering the New Talent Award. Back in August when I (somehow) managed to complete my first novel, 'Mother's Love' for the RNA New Writer’s Scheme, I received some excellent and encouraging feedback, but with everything else that has gone on over recent weeks, I haven’t got round to starting the suggested revisions. And so I duly emailed the required first chapter and synopsis of ‘Mother’s Love’ to Kate Allan, delightful author and organiser of the Festival without another thought.
Think about it. How do you spend your time on the average day? What do you eat regularly? How do you use your money? Which people do you choose to spend time with most weeks? Spend a couple of minutes and do a survey of your main habits. The more attention you devote the better, but you can also do this in stages. One week look at habits of time usage, then look at eating or spending habits next week perhaps. Staggering changes more gradually will increase the likelihood that they stick.
Now I know I shall not drown
Russell apologized to the bouncer, saying they were about to leave. The bouncer escorted them out. The fresh air felt wonderful. Russell realized he had been sweating. He looked at Carlos. He was soaked in sweat as well. ‘What just happened?’ Russell wondered. ‘What the hell am I getting myself into?’ Carlos hadn’t spoken as they were escorted out, and stood with his head down, leaning against the wall of the Lusty Lady peep show next door. Russell couldn’t help but feel some compassion for this man. In spite of all of the horrible things he had heard, he could see that Carlos was in agony, over what he had been through, and over his daughter. Russell began to doubt what he thought he knew. He began to doubt all of it, every bit of it. Project Bluebird. He felt his nausea return. He would do as Carlos suggested and read ‘Sinister Forces’ again, searching for clues to this fucking nightmare.
By going further down the path of the reprehensible offense, the Dardennes open up the way to the extraordinary forgiveness. However, what makes The Kid with a Bike even more complete in their works is that the Dardennes recognize that this isn’t the end of the cycle, that there’s more that needs to be observed in order for this transformation to truly have weight. It’s the last act that brings the film full circle.
I assume once the new riders are settled we start rolling again. Our speed remains right around 15 – 20 mph actually hitting 30 mph in some stretches depending on the number of abandoned cars and how much weaving we have to do avoiding larger vehicles.
The best thing you can do is write. The more, the better.
4. Cool cartoons from the 90′s.
Whammm!!! The bathbrush meets my bruised flesh again. "No..no.." I whimper. "I don't want any more... Please, please, can't we stop at 10?" Normally I'm not so wimpy, but this spanking is hard. And I'm still recovering from my vanilla-ish feelings of the night before.
and a rather exciting character to a kid.
“Our van-load of laughing, colorful beaded hippies was an unlikely sight to be seen driving through the gates of the Forest Hills Country Club, but, then, we were arriving for a rather extraordinary happening — an event billed as “The First International Psychedelic Exposition.”
And not only does the elite Mainstream Media ignore the story, thereby shielding the Obama administration from answering for Operation Fast and Furious or many other administration scandals, they actually take an active role in promulgating the latest messages put out by the Obama Whitehouse. One recent blatant example will suffice. Most viewers were bewildered at the Republican primary debate on January 20, when moderator George Stephanopoulos of ABC News asked, and continued to ask, seemingly off-topic questions about the candidates' views on, of all possible subjects, birth control.
The telescope was set up to observe the moon. However, I was informed that in approximately an hour and a half, Jupiter would be visible above the roofline of the neighboring buildings. Jeffrey encouraged me to "come back for Jupiter." I intended to wander, stroll, and return, but instead found myself drawn into the social scene that grew around the telescope set up for observing the moon. The time passed quickly.
"Presently, what Israeli forces are doing to Palestinians is worse than the Holocaust of World War II."
So, here's what this training looks like:
A guest appearance?
Formulas:
Liquid Starch - This is what makes the magic happen
Clean mind, clean body, clean slate. New cycle, think good thoughts, have good intentions, put something good out into the world, be open, do good deeds. This has been my mantra since my last tantrum/meltdown.
1/4cup Flax seeds
Ok, I changed my mind. I am sorry for ruining your lunch experience. I don’t know what the hell was wrong with me. Please find enclosed $3.00 for 2 Super Lunches. I should add interest from 1974, but that is not the point, is it? Take care and hope to see you at our 40th reunion. Just don’t sit by me.
A couple of nights before I was due to drop, my boyfriend and I watched a documentary called World's Fattest Man, about a British man called Paul Mason who weighed 56 stone (784lbs).
However the red arils of the seed is said to be poisonous to children and I was told that it is not a suitable food for pregnant women.
I don’t have many things to say about the last two members: Yuri and Seohyun.
Michael Horn, 27, Lynbrook, N.Y.
The haunting theme song and the uncharacteristic use of voice-over convey Hyo-soon’s longing and contribute to the air of melancholy that permeates this, the most subjective and intensely personal film in the collection. Long stretches of time pass on the train without any dialogue, punctuated only by the sound of the train rolling along the tracks. The little details of ordinary life: a coke bottle rolling along the floor, the parole officer feeding pink candies to her prisoner, the young man blowing cigarette smoke rings to amuse the women—acquire an added gravity as they are recalled in flashbacks. The frantic attempts by the couple to embrace one another through a prison wall, efforts thwarted by the parole officer and several policemen, make a vivid impression, and Park Jin-pyo made use of this scene in You Are My Sunshine (너는 내 운명, 2005). The print shows the effects of age and is covered with dust specks. The English subtitles are awkward, with many grammatical errors.
twelve of the most mirth filled, wild, gleeful, squealing, magical, exhausting, wonderful, hours that is Christmas with small children.
These are a must in this climate! I feel the price tag is very reasonable at $29.99....especially since I feel this is a winter essential. You can purchase Yaktrax online or at select retailers (I found some at REI and my local running shops).
When the day for PT came I was SO excited. I couldn't wait to show off Roman and his new skills. I couldn't wait to beam with pride as if I had believed it the entire time.
-I own: yes, TV recording
This space is great because our patio set is this length, plus if you notice the built in BBQ to the left, that's in my plans as well. Plus, in the paver patio, they've done another built in plant area. Oh, and grass of course!
Another favorite fairy tale of mine is THE LITTLE MERMAID. I know where this one comes from. 1) Disney's THE LITTLE MERMAID was my favorite movie when it first came out. I would sing the songs upstairs until my mom would yell up that I was being too loud. 2) It's about a mermaid! You all know how I feel about mermaids. I really do think that Disney and Ariel are partially to blame for this obsession.
Sallmén M, Lindbohm ML, Kyyrönen P, Anttila A, Taskinen H, Nykyri E, Hemminki K. Fertility and parental occupational exposure to organic solvents. In: Proceedings of 1° Congresso Nacional de Saúde Ocupacional; 1996 Oct 6-9; Póvoa de Varzim. Porto: Departamento de Clínica General da Faculdade de Medicina da Universidade do Porto, 1996: 15-17.
2 medium bananas, peeled and mashed
You are still haunted by it, even when you think you're not,
Ted Leo & The Pharmacists - Brutalist Bricks (matador)
3.elle decor
Opening Friday March 2, 2012 from 6-9pm
First, let me say that professors at colleges (unless they are TEACHING politics) are ethically not allowed to stand in front of your class and tell you how you should vote, or question WHY you voted (or will vote) the way you do/have. Second, it is the most annoying thing in the world to listen to people bitch about every single thing going on in the world - their local government, the state, national. Yes, you don't like it - I can't fix it - move on. TEACH THE CLASS!!! WELL - On August 2nd, we were in Branson for our normal summer, week-long, vacation. It was Tristan's birthday. It was also the last night of class before our final in algebra, and we were going to review for the final. SO - in the middle of vacation, and my son's birthday, I made the 2 1/2 hour trip home JUST for class. THEN - our professor - idiot that she is - stood in front of the class and told us that OUR President is going to have us thrown in jail if we don't have insurance. Now, you can argue all you want - but that is NOT what the outcome is going to be - and I think having health insurance is WAY more important than CAR insurance (and that is mandatory to have a car!) ANYWHO - this young, impressionable, 18 year old girl says, "OMG - I don't want to go to jail, what will I do!!??" I had already listened to about 15 minutes of political trash talk already and was a tad annoyed. HA! I said, "Oh, for the love of GOD - you will NOT get arrested! That is ridiculous scare tactics! I paid $700 for this class to learn ALGEBRA, I left my family on my son's birthday, and our vacation in Branson to come and review for this final! PLEASE, for the love of everything holy, shut up about your politics and TEACH ALGEBRA!!"
3. Why isn't anyone asking me to dance?
assistance in persuading President Jonathan to appoint
Whether it's convincing you to spend your money on useless junk, or building and promoting a progressive campaign of fear designed cause you to ask for "help" from the government, clearly,….If the sales pitch is tight, and the “experts” say it is so, the American people will buy into anything.
The weather here today is shocking with near blizzard conditions but thankfully this has brought with it a slight rise in temperature.
wood floor
Monetary nature, difficult positive aspects your own are among the strongest the flag.
Of laughter. So much laughter.
Maybe he’s tired.
So, that ended my lovely caravan, World Cup, sudoku, freezing cold beach, two ends of a rainbow, early to bed, early to rise, sausage, egg, and toast with marmite, loads of tea, one cup of hot chocolate, good book, and GREAT company weekend = )
In fact, it was just as lively and vibrant downstairs as it was upstairs. I mean, just because all the brewers and the ‘cool kids’ just happened to be upstairs and we did get Ange as Blinky Bill and then later after a few (!) quiet ales brewer Sam Fuss donned the skinned koala head.
Hot tears slid down my cheeks and painful sobs racked my chest. I missed him. I didnt want him to die. Life was so unfair. Why did this have to happen to someone like him?? What was the lesson we were to learn??
After the Hunger Games, her life is changed forever by what seems to be PTSD (post traumatic stress disorder). Even the slightest sight, sound, smell, or touch sends her back into the midst of the uncomprehendable pain of the Games, and she needs to be reconstructed again and again into something that resembles a functioning human being.
During the discussion session after the screening, chaired by psychiatrist and historian Allan Beveridge, and involving Laing’s eldest son Adrian and Fowler himself, the questions that Laing and his work raises were clearly on display. For Adrian, this film was an emotional journey through a part of his father’s life, where he encountered a number of intimate family friends such as David Cooper and Aaron Esterson, and watched never before seen footage of his father and his world. Beyond the flickering footage Adrian was aware of the stories that exist outside of the films boundaries, and throughout the discussion gave insight into the narratives that feed into the images that were shown.
I still don’t, and will not, smack my children. My views on this will most likely never change, moreso after finding alarming information about the links of smacking children and brain damage. I want to raise gentle, loving humans.
I think I am in major need of a spiritual fill-up and that’s where the majority of my feelings are coming from. So tonight I’m going to look at the books/Bible studies I have at home and try to start reading one of them to rejuvenate and revitalize my spiritual life.
“You clean yourself from subconscious garbage – programs that run your life without your participation”- Read more here.
Friday... We took a 13+ mile ride from The Lot to the ice cream parlor in downtown Ojai. It was a GREAT pre-race ride and a wonderful morning! That afternoon, we went to Dave and Mari's house for a yummy carbo loading dinner (thanks, guys!). I did a quick photo shoot with Anna and Shane (goofballs!) and then Anna stayed the night so that Jeff and I could get an early start on the ride. (Thanks, Mari!)
I sat in on the keynote speakers and the entertainment following the banquet. As well, I made certain to attend all session where one of @yourgeeksquad was sharing their work.
I felt incredibly proud when David Cameron declared his support for gay marriage last year; I like very much that some Tories are calling it a truly Conservative argument instead of harrumphing about tradition. There is some backwoods backlash, but I really hope the Prime Minister sticks to his guns. They are great guns.
A random winner will be chosen from all eligible purchases of 3 Girl JAM Hand Dyed Crinkle Ribbon and/or Vintage Estate Buttons between today (10/12/11) and 10/31/11.
However. I found it too salty
"Yes, Brooklyn. Shhhh, I know you like pancakes. Clay, those are cherries and shhhh, the whole restaurant doesn't need to know how much you love cherries."
Brake Ducts
Open Activity Monitor to see the before and after results yourself, you’ll find dramatic changes at the “Free”, “Used”, and “Inactive” meters under System Memory.
There is no doubt that the wide spread tradition of first cousin marriages among Muslims has harmed the gene pool among Muslims. Because Muslims' religious beliefs prohibit marrying non-Muslims and thus prevents them from adding fresh genetic material to their population, the genetic damage done to their gene pool since their prophet allowed first cousin marriages 1,400 years ago are most likely massive. (This has produced) overwhelming direct and indirect human and societal consequences.
I know it's beyond cliche' to say that you have taught me so much, but it's the truth. I am so proud of who you are, so proud of how you live your life on a daily basis, so proud that you're my husband.
And, most amazingly, she was the first woman to become Chief Justice of any State Supreme Court in the U.S., in 1965. (However, according to Wikipedia, we must give credit to Ohio for being the first to elect a woman to serve as Associate Justice on its Supreme Court - a position held by the Honorable Florence Ellinwood Allen from 1922 until her appointment to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit in 1934.)
Make social everyone’s job: As powerful as we’ve heard social media is, it doesn’t work when you lock it in a closet and make it Marketing’s job. Or IT’s. Or the job of that new intern you just hired. Social media is everyone’s job because everyone in your organization is touching your customers in one way or another. Maybe they’re answering the service line when they call. Or they’re writing content to engage them on your Web site. Or they’re meeting them face-to-face to perform a service. By integrating social media tasks into your employees’ day you make your company more accountable to what they’re providing to your customers and more aware. A company that’s constantly engaging is a company today’s consumer wants to be associated with.
Nian will also give a free workshop, teaching you how to make the flowers of your choice from nylon fabrics. She has all the materials available. A great idea to make your own flowers to decorate your house during the festive season, or to give them as gifts.
This is adapted from Nigella's recipe in her book Nigella Express - it has the usual chickpeas pureed into a slightly grainy hummus, but with a twist in the form of roasted red peppers being added to the mix. Garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, salt and a dash of paprika powder make up the rest.
Their current challenge was to make a card with an animal on it and this is what I came up with, as for the colors I chose to use...well the color wheel made me do it...LOL!
About the company: UPPERCASES was inspired by a nine-year-old girl who came home after a tough day at school and asked her mom to take her to a fabric store. They bought some cotton material, along with a sheet of blue felt. When the girl got home, she began sewing. Our original pillowcase "I'm Awesome"A few hours later, she emerged from her room with a pillowcase she had created. It had cut-out letters glued on it that said "I'M AWESOME." She slept with it that night and for years after that. UPPERCASES is dedicated to providing attractive and comfortable pillowcases that soothe and inspire. We are literally "making the case" for positive living and sincerely hope that our pillowcases help you rest peacefully and wake joyfully.
1/2 tablespoon onion powder
While on Kokusai Street, they bought souvenirs to give to the listeners, ate lunch in a public dining hall, and took a bit of a break from the crazy pace of the on-location recording. The two of them were extremely interested in the large number of Okinawan specialty goods that were on display in the marketplace!
There is no date of birth for Friedrich von Zwillingen, a son of Frickland, though the place of birth is recordedly Strates-Zygnyack and it is presumed that he was born in the Tidguri year of 10543 (he himself stated he was 48 when first coming to Jackewline). The Heer’s records indicate that he joined the army as a corporal in one of the volunteer border guard troops and fought against the Republic of Londion for at least four years, becoming a Sergeant. Then, already married to Annelise Helstedt, he –presumably as a punishment for some sort of crime he committed – has been sent to the colonies in Malacha and later inwards to the frontier of the jungle and desert near the Hvaningenstelni-Malachian borders. He spent the majority of his years in service there. His first child was born in Neu-Klermant.
Yes the alarm went off again this morning and I was in a state of shock! I could not believe how I got out of shape in that short period of time. I have not been working for several months and after yesterday I am really slow to pull out of bed.
Page 3:' When I wake up, the other side of the bed is cold. My fingers stretch out, seeking Prim's warmth but finding only the rough canvas cover of the mattress.She must have had bad dreams and climbed in with our mother. Of course she did. This is the day of the reaping.'
unless you believed in vain.
Rémy: In the near future I will paint 40 or 50 boardgame minis to play. I don't want to do competition anymore, It's really a painful process to have deadline and motivation all along the way. There are so many ace painters and sculptors, they do very good stuff, I think I don't have anything to bring to mini's world for now. My ideas are for too complex or time consuming to even think to begin one. Maybe a big project will be born, only time will tell.
Our crew in Castle Square with eager signatories.
I like this. A lot. Such balance is hard.
Opening night in Louisville for Blue Like Jazz (7:10 show) was sparse with spectators. I would estimate about 30 people in the theater. For prime time opening night I was expecting a few more patrons than that. However, I live in an area where it is hard to find people who challenge the “church” system and the status quo, so any “churchgoer” living around the Metro area would likely walk out after the first 10 minutes of the film (if they even knew it existed), so having only 30 people does not surprise me.
I gave you the password for those two files already during class, so please refrain from asking for it in the comments below.
What are other folks doing? Check out the happening in Phoenix, AZ. Way cool!
In a major decision affecting the very basis of the three-tier system, Judge Sidney Fitzwater of the U.S. District Court of Northern Texas ruled yesterday that allows out-of-state retailers to ship beer and wine directly to consumers. The catch is, out-of-state retailers must purchase only from Texas-licensed wholesalers, making the decision a major victory for wholesalers and three-tier advocates.
p.s. Now we also know how often those detention cells get cleaned. Not to mention the waste of electricity (an apparently empty room and no one shuts the lights off? tsk tsk).
Yes, Cardiff City.
“Nobody knows who it is,” the woman said. “It’s been going on for two years.”
– I’ll put in a call to the caterers first thing in the morning.
I shit you not, people. I'm so flabbergasted by this, and could write for literally hours on a) the hypocrisy of the whole gunning while Christian thing, b) the hysterical notion of little Billy idly discovering the dark side one day while playing with the Options button on his Playstation, or c) how Matt Groenig needs to sue them so badly. He's the one that came up with Rod Flanders' Billy Graham's Bible Bashers game. (You can even play it! Find Rod under the F-H file cabinet. I tried, but only converted one heathen.)
But, even with the limited time, I pause to enter this post to say one thing: what a relief it is, and a joy, to know the writing I am doing has this powerful a pull on me. To know that, even when it has to wait its turn, it is strong enough to leave me pacing and craving the work. Relentless: that’s the nickname of the motorcycle race coming up in Northern Ireland this month. I like that, as it fits the relentlessness of this urge I have to get this story down.
Spam hit the Wordpress site almost as soon as I put it up. The first-comment-approval system catches all of it, other than the bits the spam-filter takes away. Spam is platform-independent unfortunately, no matter where you go, the spammers follow. I'll keep an eye on the Wordpress spam filter in case it gets over-zealous!
This is a frightening prospect for a woman of 45. Yet, when I look back on it - I've not contributed so much to my family financially. And at the end of the day, I don't contribute much to the household because I'm exhausted and my husband is exhausted. I haven't been a "keeper at home". I haven't fulfilled my role. Am I surprised at this turn of events?
Shots were fired at Sergeant Mkangeli Mbashe and Sgt Mzwanele Shosha, both 32, who returned fire. Sgt Shosha was hit in the neck and one of the attackers was wounded. The other two gunmen fled empty-handed in a bakkie. The injured attacker later died in Cala Hospital.
What was even more impressive, though, was the variety and sheer quantity of typewriter-related materials: boxes and boxes of spare parts - segments, type slugs, type bars, platens, platen knobs, carriage return levers... everything you could think of, and I didn't even dig all that thoroughly (trust me, I wanted to spend all day with those boxes!). Then there was a good bit of literature, and some tools - it soon became apparent that we had stumbled upon the remnants of a typewriter dealer's store. First, the typewriters:
The service came to an end and I really needed to go to the washroom (had too much coffee). After Church we have coffee at the back in the foyer and you’re supposed to chat to each other. I don’t mind chatting but lately people have been coming straight up to me asking how I was and when our nuptials will be and so on. I thought that it would be a great idea to take my phone and pretend that I was texting on it whilst trying to make it to the toilet without having any accidents. I even made it half way till my friend Debora came straight for me pointing. I had to look up at her when she said, “Miriam!!! Do you see the camera there?” I then turned around and this guy tapped me on my shoulder. And a camera was stuck in my face “Are you Miriam?” I instantly recognized him from TV and new straight away that they were hear for my story. I threw a “help me” look to my fiancé but he was too far and everyone was just staring at me. I couldn’t think straight at that point, they then asked me to have a chat and we went to find a quiet spot in Church. That was a challenge seeing all the kids running around, but we finally did sit down.
Here is some interesting sightseeing offers:
- Last week my husband accidently hit a deer on his way to work. After 9 years of living in the country, he had never hit one...and there are a lot out here! This one was actually close to the city, and when it darted out in front of his car he slammed the brakes, and narrowly missed it. However, right behind the first deer was a second deer, and sadly that one did not make it. The police officer had to put the deer down. My husband was very emotional about seeing that.
It's not hard to imagine the Dukes of Stratosphear as a genuine 1960s psychedelic supergroup -- they could have been the band that inspired the Beatles, Hollies, Yardbirds, Pink Floyd, and many others.
Greenfingers in sex expose shocker! He gave birth to an alien word!
Now we are playing Math Rider, the computer math facts game where you and your horse, Shadow, must ride through the magical Mathlands and complete the quests. The faster you can answer the addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division facts, the faster Shadow can run the course and jump the hurdles. There are four different quests, and in each you may choose an easy, medium, or hard level. You may also do Practice Runs in which you may concentrate on one particular number or group of numbers in your equations. The Practice Runs are coming in very handy for my 1st grader, as I can have him run a race in which he just adds "1" to each number, then a race where he adds "2" to each number, and so on, before mixing up all the numbers. The program "learns" what your child can do well and what he still needs to master, and it adapts. You may also choose a timed game.
14 Kelly Nish W Santa Clarita, CA 11:36.9 36:05.07
On Good Friday I was out again in brilliant sunshine, and had the foresight to get the scope out. I had heard a very brief snatch of Willow Warbler song from the direction of the marsh, and at about 08:30 I checked the oak where I had first seen Willow Warbler last spring, and again there was a bright Phyllosc feeding actively. Through the scope I could see a decent supercilium and the more robust, upright shape of a Willow Warbler, and I was pretty confident it wasn’t a Chiffchaff. The bird soon slipped away but I got a second chance at 10:30, and despite the distance of 80m and the heat haze from the roof between me and the oak, I was able to confirm the red-brown colour of the spindly legs, actually a close match for the oak buds – definitely a Willow Warbler. This bird didn’t sing, so there was probably another in trees closer to the marsh.
*Plan your budget for a long term journey, not a one year sprint.
A lot of bloggers will meet at this Christmas party! There will be live music, carolers, a lavish buffet and champagne passed around by waiters in tuxedos!!!
body and beats, i stain my sheets
Oh well, I bought it now and I aint returning it, I'd look like a proper muppet. The brewers from this 'O' brewery must be cool anyway, cos their label is covered in proper Egyptian graffiti innit. It had a real cool name. I poured it out and it was proper dark innit, it was like a Guinness me dad drinks.
Round 5: 1 HDC in each ST around. (40 HDC)
Movement – Looking at some of my old match video from last year, my movement has been improving a great deal. I still have a lot of work to do on this part of my game, but my progress has been pretty significant.
Yvonne L. Bonomo, 30, New York, N.Y.
She was trying to read along on the closed captioning that was available on the big screens, English is not, after all, the man's first language. She put her glasses on but the glare made it hard for her to see. Someone in our row leaned forward, hen she couldn't really see the screen. I saw her push back in her seat and take off her specs, a frown threatening and a furrowed brow. I gave her a hug and reminded her not to worry about trying to understand. Just look around, just be open to whatever, just have some jelly beans. It's all good.
While Libya is dominating the news headlines, I would like to make use of this opportunity to remind readers that Gadhafi is one of Nelson Mandela’s big buddies! Mandela described him as "my brother leader". Gadaffi and former President Mandela developed a close relationship after Mandela's release from jail in 1990.
Back to design tomorrow.
Step #1: Apply interfacing and then stitch the rick rack trim to the top edge of one of the pocket pieces (the 22" X 3 1/2" piece).
Ticket price: $20
12. No. 12 In A Flat 2:21
UK Publisher: Universal Music Publishing
Hello my blogging friends! Yup, just like the title says, I have a sad story to tell and it just happens to be my very own.
suggests the topic 'Castles'
Happy Birthday, Ellen! Thanks for our present!
GoogaMooga: Taking place in Prospect Park Brooklyn is a music and food festival created by the creators of Bonnaroo (one of the best if not the best summer music festival). Details are still in development, but it does include over 75 food vendors, 35 brewers, 30 winemakers and takes place during the days of May 19th and May 20th.
Managed to finally do a bit of crafting today! Has been nice, determined not to spend all weekend working this weekend!
There's something a bit curious about these numbers. Reported title output for Bowker's top ten actually adds up to more than 764,448. And what about the many other publishing service companies (including three more Author Solutions brands, Trafford, iUniverse, and WordClay), and all the POD-produced small press and micropress titles? Where are they in these figures?
But at the very least, I'd expect that the proponents of the VPO's policies should be compelled to defend them - frequently, vigorously and consistently. Surely the default position in America should be an opposition to blatant discrimination, and the burden of proof should be on those who favor it.
I seem to say this quite a lot in relation to scrapbooking, but yet again ... this page started with a photo I'd printed off simply because I liked it. Nothing more. No idea what the page would be about. No grand occasion to document. No great artistic photo skills to show off.
So now it's your turn to go and create and come back and share with us.
Solution: 7.2 megapixels
Romantic novel? No. Romance novel is a category. Romantic novel is a novel blowing kisses off the shelf.
Starring: Lana Turner and John Garfield
After graduating high school, her exotic good looks brought her to New York to become a model. As her career took off, she took back part of her original name and, with the aid of helpful New York columnists, fabricated a South-of-the-Border background. In 1942 she landed a contract at Universal Pictures, where she played a succession of jungle girls and exotic beauties.
By Eugene Delacroix, the leader of the Romantic school of French painting in 1830, the bare-breasted (and nipple-less) Liberty leads the people in their toppling of Charles X. She seems to be standing on a pile of corpses. The living people are of all social classes. I figured the kids would find this to be an exciting painting that would lend itself to a nice discussion about war or violence in general.
Also, my weekend saw me dealing with some medical troubles – messed up eyeballs, what the WIN? Yeah, apparently God decided that being unable to see anything without corrective lenses unless it’s less than 0.0001832 seconds (approximately) from hitting me in the face wasn’t bad enough. (And for all of you who are gonna ask, “Hey, your vision can’t be that bad. I have the worst vision of anyone I know! What’s your prescription?” trust me – mine’s still worse.) No, instead, in a manner befitting spring semester of my freshman year, God decided, “Today, you shall have significant eye irritation, and fears about having scratched your corneas…again.” So I’ve been kinda caught up in trying not to rub my eyes furiously, getting an appointment at the Health Centre (hehehe I love spelling “Centre” like that), and (as of Monday) using antibiotic eye drops every 2 hours as a precaution while my peepers try to fix themselves up. Seriously, though, I miss my contacts and the convenience they offer. I have to say, you never really do appreciate all of your senses until they’re gone (or, as in my case, severely diminished).
He’ll comfort you and give you love,
Cravings? Subway (right now I have to stick to chicken or veggie...can't wait for turkey!), fruit, yogurt
Over a running career that has spanned 44 years, one would believe that a runner has experienced many things.
I was first attracted to the teaser, "confessions of a left brain knitter". Then I saw the colors and by the time I saw the shapes and creativity of the beads, I had my credit card out. The book came and lived up to my expectations. It's very enjoyable, motivating and unique. I highly recommend this for anyone who thinks outside the box.
The girls standing on street corners don’t even scratch the surface of the problem. Most girls are trafficked online, using any number of classified websites.
It looks great with the 2 McCoy turquoise pots that belonged to Grandma Ruby.
“I’ve always been by your side and I thought I would always be number 1 but since you want to be next to someone else instead of me, someone else has become your number 1. It hurts a lot, it’s so hurtful I can’t even breathe.”
And something leaves me dying,
Whether it’s a motor-free ride to newborn dreamland, a wiggle party once they’re walking, or a crash pad after a hard day on the preschool playground, LEAF is both revolutionary and evolutionary—and endurance-tested up to a whopping 80 kg. That should keep them rocking out for years.
I wanted to strangle the man though I know it will be useless as he was a self defense instructor. So I just told him how hateful he was which he knew was not true . In which he replied with a smile and added, “You cannot be with him all the time . He needs to grow up even if he is a special child. You just have to learn to let go.”
As I sat reading the comments, I had one very simple reaction:
@TVHilton: It ends just like the X-Files: with a mythology so confused and contradictory that nobody cares anymore.
1 presented
No arrests were made. Mdunge said about 2 000 protesters had gathered in Durban. On Tuesday, police reportedly arrested 17 protesters after truck drivers were pelted with stones and intimidated at Pinetown.
Each place we visit, the men and women are so incredibly, draw-dropping good looking, it's hard not to stare. I don't know the secret, but perhaps it's all the good wine and delicious empanadas? Espero que si!
____ Can turn circumstance into witty statement
QOTD: "He's targeted insurers, oil firms and Wall Street—letting it be known that those who oppose his policies might face political or legislative retribution. He lectured the Supreme Court for giving companies more free speech and (falsely) accused the Chamber of Commerce of using foreign money to bankroll U.S. elections. The White House even ginned up an executive order (yet to be released) to require companies to list political donations as a condition of bidding for government contracts. Companies could bid but lose out for donating to Republicans. Or they could quit donating to the GOP—Mr. Obama's real aim.
-YES CHANTS!
Ads are an amazing way to increase engagement, they can be incredibly targeted and useful.
I CAN’T TRUST MR. OBAMA HE IS OPENING THE DOOR FOR SOCIALISM,TAX THE WEALTHY AND GIVE TO THE POOR BY CHOICE.MR .OBAMA WANTS TO CREATE MORE WAYS FOR PUBLIC AIDS ,HE CREATED THOUSANDS OF JOBS TO SERVE HIS ADMINISTRATION. SINCE HE BEEN IN OFFICE THE WELFARE RECIPIENTS NUMBER HAS ALMOST DOUBLED.THE UNEMPLOYMENT IS AT IT’S HIGHEST LEVEL ,IT IS DEVASTATING OUR ECONOMY.
Keeping it simple, there are two fillings on offer – venison or beef. Both were cooked to perfection and I felt the inexplicable urge to eat even more pie than my belly could handle, which can only be a good sign. The meat was tender and pastry crumbly – a pie well done.
Did this little carve out go towards JD Alexander’s little project? Evers doesn’t say where this phantom money is coming from. The mixed signals on what effect Scott’s veto will have on funding leaves this fall’s opening up in the air. Lets take a look at who will be affected.
But, some folks didn’t (and still don’t) see it that way.
A is for Australia, the land in which we are;
Rule No. 1 of impersonating a police officer: Don’t pull over your neighbor.
Sorry about the last bit rhyming. My brain does that when it’s tired.
In 1936, in the wake of winning a clutch of gold medals at the Berlin Olympics, the great athlete Jesse Owens was snubbed by an imperious leader, on racial grounds. Popular belief would have it that the leader was Hitler, who is said to have stormed off, furious to see a black man beating European athletes. In fact the man in question was President Roosevelt, who worried that paying attention to Owens' triumphs might be a vote loser. Although Owens and the German Chancellor never talked, Owens claimed that Hitler greeted him with an enthusiastic wave. Such near-misses, shakings of hands and ships-in-the-night meetings are the subject of Brief Encounters – Meetings between mostly remarkable people, a likeable new book by Edwin Moore (Chambers £7.99). Flicking through the index, you will find some expected encounters (Dante stares at Beatrice, Corday stabs Marat, The Beatles strum along to a Charlie Rich record round at Elvis's house), and the book's intriguing and memorable cover shows a baby-faced Bill Clinton manfully gripping the hand of JFK. But Moore has navigated past some of the more obvious collisions, collusions and confrontations of history (there is no Dr Livingstone, I presume) and much of the book's pleasure derives from lesser known incidents.
Passing through a narrow opening into woodland, my route drops steeply downslope to meet a sunken lane, a sign that people have passed this way for millennia. This ancient track meets the modern tarmaced road adjacent to a pub. A beer would be nice but a ‘wild west’ themed pub is not really my cup of tea, so I cross the road and head on. Initially level, the path passes some fine specimens of Yew, Beech (another common chalkland tree specie) and Hazel coppice, then, after a quick check with map and compass, I head downhill into Juniper Bottom – I’m unable to see any Juniper though (which is a shame as spotting wild native Juniper could get me a free bottle of gin). Immediately the air feels cold and damp; the dampness is hinted at by the feathery green moss that covers the woodland floor and trees. It feels a magical and slightly mysterious place; the roe deer that runs across my path and disappears into the undergrowth adds to that feeling.
This ad for the Tamarind Westside condos in Abbotsford has it all. It really does. Bad fonts and bad copy. Mention of an investment opportunity. Priority pre-registration. Flowers. A woman having an orgasm in an open field.
I am worried about one of my students and his lack of homework participation. I've made phone calls home, sat him out of recess, and assigned him Academic Completion Time after school. I've also offered rewards and lots of praise when he does do his homework. But he just doesn't keep up. It's very frustrating because, when he studies and does his work, it is really good. However, no homework results in 0's and 16's on his Friday assessments. We have a parent conference set up (it's been phone calls lately) but I don't know if it will make a difference. If anyone has any ideas, please share!!! He NEEDS to be successful for his own self-esteem.
The cousins had such a blast visiting. After a late lunch and lots of play, everyone was ready for naps. Everyone that is except the little girls! The adults visited and watched tv, then the ladies went on a nice brisk walk through the base to burn off some turkey.
I'm frustrated with myself. First, I feel guilty. Trooper never let on there was an issue, and as a result, I was oblivious and thought everything was OK, when it wasn't. I feel guilty that I was so happy, while he was struggling, and feel as though I forced the relationship on him, to an extent. "You made my life miserable," are words someone (not Trooper) once said to me in a breakup. He didn't mean them, but they've stuck with me anyway.
And to prove it, here is a fresh out-of-the-oven 8-song mixture for your curious ears to digest.
OK, that's enough of being sober and responsible. All through Monday's forum, the sight of the RHS judges huddled together at the front of the hall nagged at me. It reminded me of something - and it was only hours later, after I'd got home, that I remembered what it was. The painting by Rembrandt of The Anatomy Lesson of Dr Nicolaes Tulp.
So that’s twice a week, never fail. There is no surety that it will be a post post or a pic post or a random thingamajig, but it will be something.
If anyone else creates anything using old stock feel free to email me pics and details to add to the inspiration gallery.
Corazon: For what?
Because he hath appointed a day, in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by that man whom he hath ordained; whereof he hath given assurance unto all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead. Acts 17:31 (KJV)
MEASUREMENT: Length 3 ½ ins (9 cm).
Goo: (Having a complete meltdown) No I don’t lie! I tell them the truth that they came from nothing to go to nothing for no reason. God claims to rule from heaven but where is heaven? Why can’t I see him there? It is outrageous! His crazy Fundy Bible-thumping followers just believe with no evidence. But I am the evidence for the big bang! I am Goo! I am God! Believing in God is to believe in the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
You see, we ad hacks are no longer responsible for selling stuff, instead we are social workers whose job is to "engage in a community" and "co-create with people."
Consider having an evaluation by a doctor, physical therapist, or podiatrist to learn your foot type.
His love,
“You working tonight?” he asks, edge creeping into his voice. He hates that I work at the pub. But someone has to earn some money, and it won’t ever be my father. I nod and offer a little smile, hoping to appease him. “Briar,” Henry looks painfully uncomfortable. “About that kiss-“
I can only presume the establishment isn’t a knocking shop containing trafficked East European slaves forced to work as hookers, as I doubt they would be so open about it. As you expect from this blog I researched this interesting development fully, but not by actually going there. I doubt I could have got away with “I’m off to a fetish club dear, to research material for my blog. It’s about the exciting new uses of closed pubs” I am lucky in so far as my lovely squeeze can be an open minded sort of girl, but I would not have got away with that one. I googled it and discovered the establishment has a website, here. I would caution you against clicking on it at work. I cannot say it really does look like my cup of tea any more than going for a pint in the Rifle Volunteer would have been, but Mistress Sascha looks like a game girl. It is stories like this that show the decline of the pub industry has many positive benefits and offers an arguably cheerful story of a pub being put to better use. Glass half full !
Income Access
piece yet. lol. We got this piece from his parents many years ago. They had it in a shop that
To Love a Beast is a Regency romance novel about a young debutant named Madison Fitzwalter who is kidnapped by mistake. Judged to be a fitting substitute for his intended victim, Madison is blindfolded and seduced by man who awakens a passion inside of her the likes of which the sheltered innocent has never felt. At the end of her illicit night with a man only known to her as Teddy, Madison is returned to London manor from which she’d been plucked and left alone to face the scorn and rejection of the ton leaving her heartbroken and inexplicably pining for the mysterious lover who abandoned her.
pop or what?!?
in atzilut….the world of nearness to G’d/intuition soul and body are interincluded and utterly real. each matters, each supports the efforts of the other in growing near to G’d. but spirit abides in “l’olam” (‘forever’), whereas body abides in “ba’olam” (‘the world’), and G’d is G’dself abiding in olam as “helem” (‘hidden’). meditate on how your walk with G’d partakes now of l’olam, now of ba’olam, and even now and then of olam/helem.
And if this morning is anything to go by, I hate to think what it’s going to be like tomorrow, when I actually have to do the one thing I thought I would never have to, & that’s say goodbye to him.
Note: recently reissued (more appropriately) as The Journey of the Magi.
NEW IMAGES SHOULD BE UP FOR SALE WAHOO!!
What Makes Designer Watches Different From Other Watch Brands
Paying attention to your surroundings and the things that happen through the course of your day are just as important to your communication efforts as everything we have discussed up to this point if not more. By being alert to your surroundings you can pick up on distractions, body language, areas of common interest and many other things that will help you spark up a conversation with anyone anywhere. I think it is vitally important to be observant in order to be an effective communicator.
Amy Winehouse - Live at Arena Anhembi, São Paulo SP ,Brasil, 2011-01-15
The user interface will also be key and that’s going to look a lot less like the PlayBook and a lot more like the Cascades demos RIM has been showing off. Put it together and it could make an impressive package – as long as RIM doesn’t wait too long.
I had the good fortune of being an 8 year old baseball nut when Hank passed Babe Ruth on April 8th, 1974. I had the advantage of growing up in an era where power-hitters were heroes that could be trusted and liked.
"Hey cutie!"
May the joy of Christmas morning hold new meaning tomorrow. May tomorrow's sunrise represent more than just another Christmas Day to you, and may you drink it in day after day after day into the New Year.
60g toffee
Well it was quite a while ago
It’s where you can walk outside on any given summer day and hear the faint screams of park goers who’ve left their stomachs at the top of the Titan rollercoaster at Six Flags. It’s where the lights at Cowboys Stadium ignite the skyline and can be seen for miles around. It’s where Rangers Ballpark in Arlington cradles spectators against the summer sky, fresh with smoke from home run fireworks.
As you all will know, introducing our Belgian interior design and craftsmanship to the world, is also one of the reasons I started my blog a few years ago.
I Hunt Killers is available from 12th April 2012.
The chips are distributed evenly amongst players. Any chips that are left over should be placed in the volcano. You place the volcano in the center of the table or playing area. Each player takes a turn and bounces the ball, ultimately hoping to get it into the volcano. If you miss your shot, you need to place once of your chips inside the volcano. If the ball lands in the volcano, you can take out the chips that are inside the volcano and hold on to them. The game ends when someone has obtained all the chips.
But the closure of Manfredi's gallery is not just bad news for artists: Cam is located in a socially deprived part of Naples, and museums are not only dedicated to educated people and tourists. If Cam is forced to close its doors, it would be bad news for the local people of Naples too. If enough of them flocked to the museum or sponsored a painting or two, it wouldn’t be in the financial mess, would it?
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, plus more to lube the
West Coast quintet Mother Tucker's Yellow Duck was formed in 1967 -- not as a group of musicians but as a collective consisting of Kathy Kay from Boston who was the original Mother Tucker, John Patrick Caldwell as The Yellow Duck (aka Raphael Red The Village Idiot), Bob O'Connor (aka Dogan Pink Foot/Sheldon O'Dogan), and Michael Goldman (aka Garnet Crystalman).
This stout burger comes with fresh fixings and a whole wheat bun. I didn't realize until after my order arrived.. but you can substitute your bottomless steak fries for sweet potato fries for a little extra.
The worst part is that some of the infestations are in apartments where there are not even any pets! That just does not seem fair... it's one thing to have to deal with them when you do choose to have critters - but when you don't, you should not have to!
San Francisco Fine Art Fair, Fort Mason - Photo: MPA website
Yeah that can be crude.
Because I am a lightworker, and desire only the edification of my fellow man, let me explain why “’till death do us part” is indeed a necessary part of the marriage bond.
A rolling stone gathers no moss. Does that mean a stone heart has no troubles?
4) Continue for walks around property
Old Lady: “You could’ve asked a little nicer.”
“I’m not being a…lay down larry??”
10. In 1898, which French novelist aroused interest in the Dreyfus Case by writing a letter beginning “J’accuse”?
So tell me. If you had the power would you do the above to a guy who deserved it?
Here I have done this with eggs I painted a duck egg blue.
I mean this place is, as Jorunn said, one of the best in Norway, and I don't think that there is anyone who wouldn't find something they like in there.
I spent the weekend busy bee'ing in my studio, finally getting a few things organized and ready to go. I spent the first half of the weekend cleaning the entire house, and the 2nd half was spent in my little nook, making a new nest for myself. All enjoyed with the windows open, appreciating our cool Fall breezes.
You are our heart. You are such an amazing little girl and we love to watch you grow. Your independent and a girl who knows what she wants. That makes it hard on your parents sometimes - that strong will of yours. Your sweet and tender heart shows love. Your laugh fills our home with happiness. Everyday we are thankful.
Could twist the sinews of thy heart?
Magic is what happens when you go ‘into the zone’, whether writing, painting, running, sculpting, singing or speaking. In these magical moments, all that’s required of you is that you turn up and apply yourself – or, the case of writing, you apply the seat of your pants to the seat of the chair and begin. It’s like turning on a tap. Gradually, as you move more and more into your ‘flow’, words come to you. Ideas appear. Where did that felicitous phrase come from? How did that simile work so well? They certainly didn’t come through your thinking them up. They just arrived, seemingly fully formed, on the page. It’s the same with painting. I look back at paintings I’ve made and have no idea how I did them, or indeed how I could replicate them now. They ‘just came’.
Matt: “Why are the lights dimming?”
Sadly, as loyal readers know, Nanny has long since banned commonsense and is remarkably inflexible.
"Wow!" he said.
With a screech Sharia descended upon the shades, and they had no chance. Her fury was matched only by the impossibly sharp edge of her blade, and soon two more corpses littered the sandy floor of the chamber. She looked up to see the terrified expressions of the two warriors, and noticed again how young they were. She smiled, not without warmth, through broken, bloody lips, blackened eyes, and with a purple bruise on her sun-pinkened alabaster forehead that would fade over time but never fully vanish. She called it her first kiss.
I still love the song, but whatinhell were we thinking with the hair and the clothes and the makeup?
1/2 cup of celery
Tilda with wrapped heart
the rest is Magical and Divine.
Oh, and Browning's writing seriously pulls you in. For example,
italics or underline). We acknowledge receipt and
Two pretty fantastic options, as we are all very fortunate to be Australian, and to live in this lucky country.
Our great weariness comes from work not done.
(7)For cream puffs, Squeeze out balls about the size of ping pong or golf balls.
So we woke up this morning (day five) to a door slamming. Yep, thats right. Starting his day right by getting himself out of his crib again, I assume just to prove to me that he could do it again. what else, let’s see. I gave in at nap-time and put S to sleep in our room AND I nursed him TILL HE FELL ASLEEP. He took a nap, yes he did and guess what that did? Apparently nothing good since he woke up in a terrible mood and it lasted till bed-time. Which by the way went well. I have that little victory at least. Five days with no nursing at night. Funny that I had hoped to get the nap down without nursing. But today was very, very, very hard….and yes, I am very, very, very tired and I know that I am going to get very little, little, little sleep tonight as I will be worrying about a certain little monkey doing monkey-like things, liking escaping.
Media Alert
70. Wonderland (Winterbottom film, not the John Holmes one)
In year 5 of my 5-year project I find that shoes have emerged as priority items. Currently I am keeping my eyes open for brogues in Navy or Grey with Olive a distinct possibility. A great way to round out my 5-year project.
The answer is that it is a 2 way street. The student has 2 responsibilities, and over time the teacher also learns from his/her students. Sensei encourages students to give feedback to teachers.
Those of you who are interested in more technical topics need not worry as Webisode 4 (coming later this month) will be back to business as usual.
The other day i sat here and i read through some of my old posts in the blog, i realised i used to be a lot more open and even write somethings i now consider private , i wonder how that happened. I have a lot going on lately and i dont get as much time as id like to sit down and write about my feelings in something as long as detailed as a blog post.. I see something i want to write about happen but at a time where its impossible for me to write, ill tell you something about what i do usually.
Carolina Man and I still have so much to learn about each other. But with each hurdle we encounter, we do so with honesty, respect, and love for one another.
17 Slow Boggie 2:58 August 12, 1974
When freed by the clouds
but remain stuck, photo-like.
There is a state of mind I’d like to acquaint you with known as the comfort zone.
Quelling your urge to rush will enable you to witness yourself learning, changing, and becoming stronger. There is so much to see and do in between the events and processes that we deem definitive.
Cheese and vodka
But equally important is the fact that long-time viewers are rewarded. This comes in two real forms. The first is relatively familiar to a sci-fi fan, and that’s the continuity reference. Old characters make returns, for instance, or a long-ago plotline comes to the fore. For instance, in one of the episodes I watched Elsie Tanner, a character who had been absent for a month or so’s episodes, returns and has a fight with another character with whom she clearly shared a long-running plotline. The major purpose of this scene is obviously to tie up those long-running plotlines. But what’s interesting is that the scene pulls double duty. The nature of their relationship is reiterated in their dialogue, and the scene equally serves as a good introduction to Elsie’s character.
"There's a Small Hotel" is a 1936 popular song composed by Richard Rodgers, with lyrics by Lorenz Hart originally written for but dropped from the musical Billy Rose's Jumbo (1935), then used in On Your Toes (1936), where it was introduced by Ray Bolger and Doris Carson and also interpolated in the film version of Pal Joey (1957) with a fine Frank Sinatra-Nelson Riddle collaboration.
RCA R223651
The apartment sparkles with cleanliness. Elaborate doilies edged with scalloped lace, curtains and tablecloth, all snowy white, contrast with the dark, gleaming wood. Numerous thriving house plants in blue and red china pots vie for space with even more numerous knicks-knacks. Ariana is particularly enamoured of a china figurine of a lady in a pink china evening gown with roses in her china golden hair.
For women who like triangle bikini tops, then they can also decide to go for the halter tops. These are bikinis for women with fixed triangle tops and have adjustable strings at the back. These offer a little more support than the triangle bikinis since the neck strand strongly supports the bust. There are different designs of halter bikini tops. For example, there are padded bikini tops, under wire tops, those that expose a lot of cleavage and those that cover up.
Ed. Do yourself a favour. Start banging on about vested interests all week. Speak of nothing else. For god's sake, give us an enemy that the public can identify with. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests. Vested interests.
So how do I toughen up my little girl? How do I teach her to ignore those mean girls and understand that everything they say is only to make themselves feel better because they have their own problems with self-esteem? Bullies just really, really suck.
Looking back, I'm not sure why I initially picked the violin. It could have been because I didn't want to carry the bass or cello around, and I think I liked how the violin played higher notes than the viola.
Dear Heavenly Father, I thank You for setting me on the path that I should follow in life; the path of success, increase, progress and prosperity! You’ve brought me into the glorious life of Christ where there are no hindrances or limitations, but victories all the way, in Jesus Christ Name Amen!
The name of the stamp is "Special Delivery".
The fifth pillar is known as Hajj, and is obligatory on all Muslims at least once in their life – provided they have the financial means to go, and the physical capability. The term Hajj means to travel towards God. The trip itself is both a physical journey – to the first house of worship of God, and a spiritual one – where the pilgrims exert themselves to get rid of all their bad qualities and habits, and draw closer to their Creator; in the hopes of returning to the spiritual purity they had at birth.
Spice Box Kiosk
fillets (Halibut, stripped bass, or MahiMahi)
The Rathgar
They needed somebody to don the right-wing crown
What we have come up with is that the boys have to sit "knee to knee" while working it out...they have to calm themselves down before sitting knee to knee, as otherwise, with being that physically close to one another could potentially make it too convenient to just take it out on one another physically.
Me: "You can have fruit or you can have fruit. There is no choice here Elijah."
1 large eggplant cut into bite-sized chunks
Put first six ingredients for hummus in a food processor and pulse until smooth, Drizzle olive oil while machine is running. Add a little water, if it is too grainy. Adjust salt and lemon to taste. Set aside. This recipe is more than you will use for two sandwiches.
In a bowl cream together the margarine, shortening and vanilla. Add in the confectioners sugar and meringue powder and continue to mix until all ingredients are incorporated. Add in as much milk/water to the mix until the desired consistency is achieved. This recipe works better for decorating, because unlike a full butter recipe, it holds it's shape at room temperature.
There, he met up with his ex-girlfriend, whom he had left behind when he moved to Europe 4 years earlier, and they ‘rekindled the flame’. By the time he got back he was all confused – who to choose? He liked both and wanted both but needed time to think. Ok… I could get past the cheating part (why? I dunno – I just felt I could), so I would wait. In the end, after weeks of thinking and waiting I decided I couldn’t do this anymore though - I had to move on, but we still kept in touch (I’m a sucker for hope, you will see).
"What are you doing?" He asks me sleepily.
To think.
Who both did take my fancy.
So, when Arthur was recruited into the Templars, he contacted Percy, explaining this was the battle they had to fight, against the true monsters.
“Holy sh-.” Tears clouded my vision.
Howdy – ok, so my daughter Eden was 100% uninterested in taking three adorable photos holding the names of the book winners, so I went for the next best thing…post it notes on a wall.
If Halycon Green isn't blue enough for you then Cloudburst is a good substitute.
My breathing became more defined. I was most definitely aware of each inhale and exhale. The exhales were where I emitted my harmonic in the form of a humming, long, drawn out note. My throat vibrated. The vibration continued affecting the rest of my body. First my throat, then my chest, the vibration spread to every part of my body. My head was vibrating and my vision blurred in response to the sensation I had of a body that was slowly losing definition as the vibrations increased.
I'm bruised and I'm broken, but I'm here.
Keep an eye on looking room and direction. When gathering and editing lots of different shots you must be constantly ensuring that everyone is facing the right way. For example, if you shoot your back-cut questions the wrong way the interviewer and guest will appear to be facing opposite directions.
Haven't posted any pictures lately, so here's something for your amusement.
For this much money the public expects lower recidivism rates and safer communities. Yet crime rates are still too high. Recidivism rates are still too high. And corrections spending is crowding out dollars for other pressing priorities such as health care and education.
It was pretty packed, so David and I had to work our buns off to keep Avery and Charlie occupied while we waited for our breakfast.
And when he returned to France, The Slog alone averred that Strauss-Kahn’s entourage would be painstakingly putting together a case to demonstrate Sarkozy/Intelligence forces complicity in the orchestration.
chilled raspberry soup with whipped cream and mint
I had a Phonecall on Friday 6th January, the conversation went something like.
My lunch bunch friend, Shawna, looked at me and calmly asked, “What is wrong with you?”
1) Foreign editors rarely get to meet the authors for whom they are translating. It may or may not translate into more sales but I know from experience that a foreign publisher who has met an author in person is more likely to do a promotional push for that title in translation.
On a lighter note Here's a funny article about women and aging. I'm in the age group mentioned and it's good to know others are going through the same crazy stuff..
‘Getting the Environment into Business!’
Cairo — More than a year since president Hosni Mubarak was removed from power, the money he allegedly syphoned from Egypt during his 29-year rule remains beyond the reach of authorities attempting to recover it: here.
What does Le Mamirolle taste like?
So as you already know, I’m in my second year of my Psychology degree, and well I’ve decided to start keeping journal entries about all the obstacles I face and my experiences in the field and so on and I want to continue doing this for many more years to come. And then one day publish it as a book.
I was able to try out some of these products and I was not disappointed!
Let’s get this over with…GO!!!!
Four will continue to make readers melt, even when he and Tris have their battles. While his relationship with Tris tested in some pretty big ways in this installment, painful but realistic at times, readers will still smile at the gentle touches, stolen kisses, and softness that radiates between the pair. A rougher side of Four is seen at times, yet he is such a strongly written character that it’s easy enough to look past the exterior and see what’s underneath. His motivations and reasons come through as strongly as Tris’s, and he plays his own important role in the events of this installment.
It’s not Save the Children, and it’s not CARE — both terrific secular organizations. Rather, it’s World Vision, a Seattle-based Christian organization (with strong evangelical roots) whose budget has roughly tripled over the last decade.
Imagining my darling bi-racial children in matching garb eagerly holding their baskets, lovingly helping one another find Easter Eggs, giggling and in innocent childhood fun, collecting their bounty to come show their adoring mother…
of love
Blowhard. Newt Gingrich is a bloviating, pedantic, annoying asshole that just won't seem to leave the national political stage. The guy has been around in politics for the last 30 years, flirting with presidential runs several times - and actually succumbing in a couple of instances - and basically just disrupting the political process wherever he can.
We’d all respond positively when encouraged to get out there and honor others. Honoring our own success, however, feels foreign, awkward, even wrong.
Will this laptop be your only computer?
8. BBC-certified time check Ceefax provided an immediate and BBC-certified time check on every page. The time was accurate to the second.
Can surely join in the fun
With a mind as sharp as a blade and an old but powerful friend in the city, he's the only man with a hope of finding the killer.
3/4 palm sugar (you can use brown sugar)
One hundred years ago a group of mysterious scientists took charge of the Earth's weather in order to control climate change. They burned the planet and in the ensuing chaos they disappeared.
In the end, Wei’s “reasons” had been seen as excuses by the Central Command and he had been re-deployed to the deep south of the United States. His command had shrunk by nearly seventy-five percent and his autonomy had been severely restrained. Virtually every movement, every decision, required approval from Central Command. Anything outside of Wei’s direct orders had to be submitted in a written request. With the lack of communications infrastructure, written requests could take several days, or even weeks, to receive approval.
I love the idea of this flannel and cotton print "memory game". This is from my all time favorite sewing/knitting/crochet blog called Purl Bee. If you have never visited Purl Bee, it is worth a visit just to see the colorful blog header - it is eye candy of the best sort. And prepare to find at least ten projects that you will want to do, because this site is a treasure chest.
Korres Wild Rose 24-hour Moisturiser SPF6 10ml
Chocolate chips, usually the backbone of our breakfast scones, was the other thing I had run out of. Desperate, I rummaged through the fridge and found a wedge of cheddar that had gone dry and crumbly around the edges. It would have made dismal sandwiches, but for scones, it grated beautifully. The scones were coming along, the coffee dripping dutifully and slowly wafting wakefulness into my foggy brain.
But there are plenty of other Almondine treats beckoning for a return visit: chocolate chip cookies, financiers, chocolate fondant, madeleines and a killer looking cupcake to name a few. It will be a happy autumn day when I go back under the bridge, settle into the wee bakery on the cobblestone street, and break out the chocolate barometer once again.
Cast: Daniel Craig, Eva Green, Madds Mikkelsen, Judi Dench
IGMA Fellow - Kyoko Kimura, from JAPAN - Plants
3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
All the recommendations for people with insomnia are based on classical conditioning:
I'm not a good patient.
*What the predator is looking to determine is do the clothes you have on give him easy access to your sexual parts *(adult talk here)*
I will have more thoughts on this tomorrow. I must nap now. Change is great, but a mite exhausting.
But since naps make boring blogs, here instead are some things that caught my eye this week.
I viewed the demographics of two neighborhoods in the gateway city the Ofallon and Clifton-Heights respectively.
If you are a gun owner but not a member of a pro-gun organization, you need to join one. Today.
Galileo was a short, red haired, attractive man and although remained a bachelor, was never short of lady friends. He was forty-five when he first heard the news of the Flemish invention of the telescope. He immediately designed and built one himself in one night, which had a magnification of three, about as good as an opera-glass. His next attempts were better with magnifications between eight and ten. With these telescopes he was able to see ships two hours of more away from the coast. He made quite a large reputation as well as a fortune by selling them to the government.
We were coming back from an early dinner last night and as is the case in Bangalore, traffic was horrible…..but people were trying to get around this and reach home safe. We were almost near our place when all of a sudden we saw an irate driver (lets call him A) get out from his car. He then pulled the driver(B) another car and started thrashing him. Driver A’s wife was holding her kid and was pleading with him to stop. Passerby and other fellow pedestrians also tried to stop this guy but he did not want to and kept going after driver B. From what I observed, I guess driver B was trying to get driver A to pull out faster from his makeshift parking spot( or whatever you could call it). Mind you these guys were not uneducated guys or cab drivers, they both(and the wives/kids) were well dressed and can be any of us.
Final score: 23 out of 30 (the fifth-best Bone score), 3 1/2 stars out of 5, 80% out of 100%
The love triangle really got me thinking about Juliette/Adam/Warner from Shatter Me. It's the same concept really. Cole (Warner) continuously tempts Nikki (Juliette) to join him for the better life. The eternal life as the queen. Jack (Adam) is her salvation. He's the one she keeps in mind, the one she always thinks about, and the one she wants to be with. Admittedly, I really liked Warner's character in Shatter Me, and I do like Cole, but he's the serpent in the Garden of Eden. Mostly, I want to jab him with fire and yell for him to 'LEAVE THEM ALONE.' Yet, at the same time, I looked forward to the scenes he'd randomly pop in and attempt to convince Nikki to be his soul-sucking queen.
But whose I cannot tell.
“We knew they had been building up a case against him using Twitter because the last two times he has been arrested what they would do is bring out a file of hundreds of pages of copies of his tweets. That’s their evidence,” she added.
Yes, we have the big names. Sean Penn appears only sporadically. Brad Pitt nails his role as the stern and difficult father. The relatively new film actor Jessica Chastain is grace embodied. In an interview she recalls that director Terrence Malick had asked her to watch a lot of Lauren Bacall movies to prepare for her role. But the most impressive of all is Hunter McCracken playing young Jack. The casting is brilliant here. His mesmerizing portrayal of a conflicting boy incubating the later character of a tormented adult Penn is deeply moving, a reflection too of Malick’s sensitive direction. As with his other films, cinematography is superb. You’ll have plenty of time to savour the long sections of cosmic and natural wonders.
I am quite pleased with this LO, I loved putting all of the layers and elements together, and I liked the colour scheme. :) I hope you like it too.
Quite how Mrs Steerforth failed to follow her own advice is a mystery, but she was one of many people who have fallen victim to our neighbours' generosity with alcohol. She has no memory of jumping up and down to 'Born Slippy' or trying to read a bedtime story to our sons at 12.30am before sliding down the stairs.
“The necessaries of life occasion the great expense of the poor. They find it difficult to get food, and the greater part of their little revenue is spent in getting it. The luxuries and vanities of life occasion the principal expense of the rich, and a magnificent house embellishes and sets off to the best advantage all the other luxuries and vanities which they possess. A tax upon house-rents, therefore, would in general fall heaviest upon the rich; and in this sort of inequality there would not, perhaps, be anything unreasonable. It is not very unreasonable that the rich should contribute to the public expense, not only in proportion to their revenue, but something more than in that proportion.”
that you too have ruthless desires to achieve,
Just like in this photo, there is always bright light ahead of you.
I don't think the county could possibly have reached this point if they'd expanded jail capacity; there'd have simply been no incentive for change.
The interval, after breakfast, we devoted to riding through the town, which is regular and cheerful: the streets being laid out at right angles, and planted with young trees. The buildings are smoky and blackened, from the use of bituminous coal, but an Englishman is well used to that appearance, and indisposed to quarrel with it. There did not appear to be much business stirring; and some unfinished buildings and improvements seemed to intimate that the city had been overbuilt in the ardour of 'going-a-head,' and was suffering under the re-action consequent upon such feverish forcing of its powers.
For those of you who saw it, what did you think??
That’s all for me today..I’m off and running…Alexa has an orthodontist appt at 12 (yes I know but it was the only appt I could get before he left on vacay) and then I drop her back off at school. Then I have to run to mall to pick up a present, pick up an ice-cream cake and head back home to wrap and get ready to leave for dinner at 4:30…oyyyy! Crazy day…what else is new huh? LOL! Have a great day!
7 Mint reporting on an across-the-board pay raise at Hero MotoCorp. In the middle of an economic slowdown, an across-the-board pay increase qualifies as a counter-intuitive response. But that’s what Hero MotoCorp Ltd, the world’s biggest two-wheeler maker, has done. For white-collar employees, the pay has been raised as much as 30%, while workers at the Dharuhera plant have got a monthly increase of Rs 6,500 each. The move isn’t so much counter-intuitive as reflective of the new ground reality that prevails across Haryana’s industrial estates in the Gurgaon-Manesar-Dharuhera belt. No company wants to go through what Maruti Suzuki India Ltd, the country’s biggest car maker, had to endure in the past few months.
Wisdom is humble that it knows so little.
Cardstock/paper: Pearl cream card, green stripe digital paper from the Digichick
The Standard Kit includes: (You can customize your kit with the stamp sets and colors you want!)
Intestinal fortitude — This term ties my guts in knots. Use plain old “fortitude” or have the guts to say “guts”. Even better, use the word “courage”.
Here is my stir fry Chinese Chives Flowers recipe.
Liberals have leapt on the shooting death of Trayvon Martin in Florida to push for the repeal of “stand your ground” laws and to demand tighter gun control. (MSNBC’S Karen Finney blamed “the same people who stymied gun regulation at every point.”) This would be like demanding more funding for the General Services Administration after seeing how its employees blew taxpayer money on a party weekend in Las Vegas.We don’t know the facts yet, but let’s assume the conclusion MSNBC is leaping to is accurate: George Zimmerman stalked a small black child and murdered him in cold blood, just because he was black.If that were true, every black person in America should get a gun and join the National Rifle Association, America’s oldest and most august civil rights organization.
One TEM equals to one euro. The barter system operates on an online network where they can post things they want or offer. The online network also saves your TEM credit which you accumulate from the things you had offered. The network is free to join and anyone can sign up for it on its website.
For centuries it has been locked away
Me: Umm, yes baby, I'm driving...I have to be awake.
Talking to K about his accident, I finally got the whole story, and I can understand why PO never gave me all the details- I'd be embarassed too. Apparently, no one checked if the trailer was locked, and the trailer didn't have a butt bar. HOW do you NOT check if your trailer door is locked?! There are accidents, and then there are preventable mistakes. Going down the road at 45mph he finally came unbalanced and fell out. A lady had to chase them down to stop them and tell them they had lost a horse. HOW do you not notice your horse fell out of the trailer? He is so incredibly lucky he didn't get hit by a car. His knees (where he still has scars) were skinned down to the bone and the rest of him was covered in raw spots and road rash. *sigh* The life this horse has had... Another fun story from the life of Pie- I finally discovered why he has always been so good when he steps on his lead (he lifts his head, feels he's stuck, and just steps off and moves on). Apparently when he was younger, being a high strung thoroughbred, he used to tear around the paddock like a madman. What did they do to slow him down? Turned him out with a halter and 8 foot lead attached. Turned him out like that with the express intent of having him step on it and trip himself to a stop. I understand some...methods...horse people use aren't always widely accepted, but is this kind of thing accepted ANYWHERE? Who does this? He could have broken his neck! It worked though- I've never seen him run around his pasture.
“Which is?”
He held Keshnu's stare while Dora turned away, trembling, into Taslin's embrace.
and loathing
I'm tempted to reflect on our time here, but I know I should wait till we are gone so the fullness of it all can settle in my mind. Right now, I would bitch about the crime and the lack of recycling and the remoteness and loneliness, or things like that. I want to get home and let the negative stuff fade away, as it does, and then I can focus on all the good. There has actually been a lot of good to come out of this crazy year. I would not be who I am today without having spent a year in the Alice, and I know I will always be grateful for this experience.
The idea is that we are to photograh one object on a unified background, we have been encouraged to use an object that is so common within a household it’s considered ‘boring’ to look at, this is so that the assignment is more of a challenge, as it is easy to photograph something ‘unusual’ and make it look good. Photographing something boring forces us to try to view the object differently in order to make it interesting to the viewer as well as to us.
b. Comely
and she think my freckles is nice
Funny thing is – the girl who served me didn’t even raise an eyebrow which has got me thinking I must look like Brad. Obviously the wife is Angie’s doppleganger. Goes without saying.
That is exactly what a very dedicated reader, Marian, did!
I knew I shouldn’t push
ehat was started by Guru Nanak Sahib when he started to spread the divine revealed message. Any person who became a follower of Guru Sahib was given Amrit (charan Amrit) as a way of initiation and given three basic principles to follow: Kirat Karni (living honest way of life), Vand Chakna (sharing with poor and needy) and Naam Japna (meditating upon God’s name). Further, it was instructed to wake up early in the morning, to bathe, meditate upon Naam, recite daily prayers such as JapJi Sahib, Sodar and Sohila which are part of Sikh’s daily prayers even today and to join the congregation. Guru Nanak Sahib also instructed Sikhs to keep unshorn hair and wear a turban. Idol worship, caste system, circumcision, eating meat, hajj, fasting and blind rituals were prohibited. All of this can easily be found in Gurbani and Vaars and quotes can be provided if Muslims wish to clear their doubts.
We cannot keep you in a church
Unless you have been living under a large rock for the past few years, you are likely familiar with the health food turned hipster snack craze of kale chips. And, let me just go ahead and tell you- they are worth the hype. I, for one, am borderline obsessed with the crunchy green delights despite the fact that my kitchen stinks for days after a batch.
KOTBR Score: 4.38 Mugs
This recipe does not belong to me, it's is literally a Weight Watchers recipe. I did a few modifications though, I used 8 oz of my fresh pasta instead of the 5 oz of dried pasta they called for and used a bit more bacon only to round it up to 3 slices. I also cooked the bacon before adding it to the pasta and used chicken instead of vegetable broth. I guess this is then, technically, a new recipe LOL.
Chain Multiples: For instance, chain multiples of 10 plus 8. The item can be as wide as you prefer...lets say 30 stitches plus 8, for a total of 38 (3 X 10, plus 8). Chain 10, then 10 more, then 10 more, ending with 8 more chains. This preset number of stitch segments accommodates the sequencing of stitches to be repeated over and over, plus 8 more to accommodate the right and left margins. Generally border stitches would be worked a tad differently than the over all pattern.
what i didn't tell you about our first massage is that we also did a couple's rasul, which is basically a salt scrub and body mask thing you do for each other and then a steam room.
Reg Brooks: trombone
I've been a terrible blogger! My new schedule is pretty busy and I haven't found time to sit down and really write anything. I decided that since I don't really have time to post a lot of written things, I'm gonna try and post more often even if it's just pictures. So, I made the layout bigger so that I could post bigger pictures too!! What do you guys think of the new header??
We had big plans to celebrate Wyatt's big day. The plan was to pick two of his buddies up and head out for a day of pizza eating, pop guzzling, laser tagging, go cart racing and video game playing good time. That wasn't going to happen. Not with one of his buddies falling ill too and the rest of us sick bugs moping around. We were dropping like flies and there was only one thing left to do.
Yet, knowing this proverb has also made me realise that I have no business worrying about the opportunity once it is lost. I know it will never return. So I start looking for the next opportunity, this time knowing what I should not repeat my mistakes if I want the benefit. I have also learn’t to be careful with my resources. Many of us make the mistake of spreading ourselves too thin, we run after every dream and every opportunity that comes our way and end up with no progress made. We will have to be realistic about what we can do. Whether we have time, financial or even material resource constraints – we must remember that we will need to prioritise. I always say to myself that I will start with achieving the goal that would give me the most benefit, in that order, until I achieve all of them.
- Sweeten with sugar and serve.
After doing a bit of research I found that major players in the spice mix seemed to be nutmeg, mace, Cayenne pepper and black pepper – all classically Victorian, the amounts used vary from pinches to teaspoons, with the spices sometimes mixed equally, other times, one spice dominated.
For those of you who didn’t experience yourself ‘flushing’ the past recently, the flushing experience may now be intense for you, and come in pulses. From April 29th onwards, a pulsing energy has been present universally, preparing us for the birth of June’s greater heart energy. This energy ushers in a deeply creative and innovative time of renewal for the individual and the planet. This period will see a new and rapid phase of our society freeing itself from so many existent shackles. So there is a lot on the way, and we can all feel it.
So I before I realised that twitter was the land of milk and honey (you guys are so lovely!) I sort of forgot to tell Bean that my intention was to ask you all such a cheeky request. (Well I'm not sure it's cheeky per say but rather a desperate plea?)
I have two teenage sons who will no doubt walk around the area of Florida we will be in, but I feel confident of their safety. For one, no hoodies — in fact, one of my sons dresses in suits and ties most of the time, so I’d say he has an advantage over many other teenagers on the Florida sidewalks. The other advantage, of course, is that my sons are white.
As a certified crazy person, sometimes I say the first thing that comes to my mind and then I realize that it’s not okay and I have to apologize thoroughly, run away, or sometimes fake a seizure. I’m not sure why, but the thought just now came to me to make a post about things that you cannot do if you want to stay out of prison and/or the Loony Bin. Now, I haven’t done these things, but I think that this is a guide that will be helpful to you socially awkward people who need a list of things you cannot do.
7. Somethin’ Else 2'49
At stake is the fundamental issue of whether US courts have the right to overturn a law, despite it having been approved by Congress. Obama apparently believes not, but a federal appeals court seems to be calling the president's bluff. It is ordering the Justice Department to answer by Thursday whether the Obama Administration believes that the courts have the right to strike down a federal law,
My brother's favourite movie is 28 Days Later. It follows the story of Jim, a bicycle courier who wakes from a coma twenty-eight days after a terrible plague sweeps Britain. He ventures into a seemingly deserted London -- where the streets are littered with signs of violence and devastation -- hoping to find ... something. The aptly named Rage virus has turned all but a few Briton's into rabid ADHD zombies. Jim is soon fleeing for his life and is later rescued by other survivors. Meanwhile, my brother's excitement was contained little better than the zombies' appetite for human flesh.
“I grew up sooner than I should have; I was an old man before my time, I think,” said the former Replacements lead singer. “Grandpaboy is the best explanation. I felt old and crotchety even when I was 19.”
as the father sent me, so i send you.
I have been waiting my entire life. It may have been for Godot.
Bidelman said the family who lives at the home told him about a rumor that coins might be hidden in the walls.
and I know you can make better (guaca)mole.
Now all she does is pray
1/4 extra virgin olive oil
09. April Fool - 0:10
Right now, content for this blog is coming from what I would have liked to know about/read about when first trying to come to terms with Chris’ death- so if there’s anything you would like to read about or contribute to the blog, please comment or email me and let me know.
In other words, the filmmakers are being sneaky here in getting the audience to be explicitly behind Harry not just because we think that what he does is acceptable but because we think it to be desirable. It’s that deep-down, pit-of-your-stomach desire to see Scorpio killed that the filmmakers seem interested in exploring (kind of like how people were celebrating the death of Osama Bin Laden; I’m not saying it’s wrong…just interesting). Whether it’s with a Right-wing slant or not matters not; the film still elicits a multitude of emotions.
11 Then Jehu came forth to the servants of his lord: and one said unto him, Is all well? wherefore came this mad fellow to thee? And he said unto them, Ye know the man, and his communication.
½ medium yellow onion, roughly chopped
So, please, let us have a day of sleep, Houston. Remember, only YOU can prevent us from having a Sleep Day.
Yoochun smelling Junsu’s scent. “Nothing, just miss you so much…” Hug him tighter.
So God doesn’t have a beginning and an end.
I'm forced further north, right into the path of the fucking wyvern. AAARHRAGHGHGHGHHH! But I have a brass flute, which somehow I know puts wyverns to sleep! "You have a strange feeling that you must play it now." Ah, the famed Flutus Ex Machina! I wish every gamebook had one of these. (I just googled 'flutus' and realise that's not actually Latin for 'flute', it's, err, the term for a musical fart. Again, I wish every gamebook had one of these.)
In Thailand, Human Rights NGO, who are doing little about Thailand’s human rights condition because it means going against the Thai establishment, are known as “Human Rights Mandarins.” I have long suspected, here in Thailand, there is also the “Economic Mandarins.”
Angel lullabies no more teary eyes
I love any bible. I am a huge "buy any bible I find" kinda girl. With that being said, this is a great bible if you need just a bible. I found it to have little insight into motherhood. It did have some very basic aspects, but I would have liked to see more. I would have liked it to me more of a study bible for mom's. I would have loved for it to go into more depth regarding references and historical fact. To me it was just a plain old bible that you can get at Wal`mart for $1.
He never seemed to have any doubts that unification could be achieved, whereas I was full of them. I think that was where his calling as an artist stood to him - when things were at their worst he could lose himself in the fine strokes of some painting and emerge renewed and even more ready for combat.
The result is I feel this place makes me feel so much better. I think it makes me a better person and for that I thank my little birdies and nature buddies.
This process is further complicated by the fact that all this data has to be cross-referenced, so that I can access it from other, related thoughts. For example, when I think about the play, Hamlet, I also think, Romeo and Juliet (because it's also by Shakespeare), The Turn of the Screw (because it's also a ghost story, Oedipus Rex (because he also had mother issues) and Green Eggs and Ham.
As technology and the demand for new electronics continues the regions rich with coltan will continue to experience the curse of resource wealth. Oftentimes this wealth is taken advantage of, and the people that actually live on the resource rich land are taken advantage of and exploited. This could be seen clearly in 2001 when there was a quick increase in the demand for coltan, as a result of the release of various new electronic devices. This created a situation in which farmers and their families were violently taken over by rebels, who occupied their land and often forced them into slave labor (Ekmen).
The media stood firm that there was virtually no connection between Obama and Ayers, who also penned his memoir, “Fugitive Days” which was published in 2001. They also glossed over Ayers’ comments published in the September 11, 2001 edition of The New York Times when he said: “I don’t regret setting bombs. I feel we didn’t do enough.”
What was your favorite chapter (or part) to write in Dawn of Angels and why?
So I hope you will pop over to the Dream Valley and look at all the wonderful projects that have been created - get inspired - then have a go!!
I will be glad to see the back of October, but it hasn't been completely dreadful. I've been enjoying Vasily Grossman's epic masterpiece 'Life and Fate', watching some long-forgotten British films of the 1960s and trying to become a domestic god, with mixed results. I also had a very pleasant evening out at the Lewes Arms with two fellow bloggers.
Also, Norma doesn't have any toes on her right foot, which really pissed off that totally pretend foot fetish I made up yesterday. She's not alone though, Frank Langella is missing half of his face. The inevitable moral wonderings soon give way to cosmic nonsense of the highest order. A later scene sees James Marsden step into a liquid box reminiscent of something out of 2001: A Space Odyssey. This isn't 2001: A Space Odyssey though, so its trying just seems daft. Admittedly, the psychedelic music and wallpaper and James Marsden's sideburns are fun.
Something else that drew much attention was a wedding cake decorating contest in which four people had two hours to make their best creation. Two of the contestants were trying their hand at a wedding cake for the first time, while the other two had several under their belts. It shouldn’t be tough to guess who did better than the others. Regardless, I have to give credit to anyone who can make a decent-looking cake in such a short span of time, especially since one of the contestants didn’t wind up faring so well (but the judges at least liked the way it tasted).
I am writing this blog in longhand on a British Airways 747 flight from Beijing to London. I will re-type it all out onto a computer when I return to the UK and will post it on my blog later tonight. I took no computer, no iPad and no mobile phone on my trip to North Korea. I am not that mad.
Strangely enough I was just on Bible Gateway.com to find the references and the Verse of the Day is quite appropriate:
For this card here I sprayed the background with homemade shimmer inks and finished it off with distress inks around the outside. I used the same inks to slightly colour the flower. The stamped image in this card is more of a background feature. To make my shimmer ink sprays I used Stampin’UP!’s peach parfait and pear pizzazz ink refils and frost white shimmer paint and added some of those to Isoprophyl alcohol. the image itself was stamped with peach parfait ink for a tonal effect.
ingredients: 1 cake mix, 1 can of pumpkin, and in my case, some spices to taste. the recipe called for pumpkin pie spice, which i did not have, so i just threw in some cinnamon etc. bake for 30 minutes on 350. i decided to try erica's method and use a spice cake mix instead of the plain yellow one the recipe called for and have now had two weekends full of house guests asking for the recipe.
“Does this guy really even exist?” asked Steve.
By 1938 this City Hall had also grown too small and outdated, so the existing building was renovated and new extensions were built that surrounded and engulfed the old one. The 1938 Municipal Building cost $230,000, and was built of limestone, granite, brick, tile, and shellstone, the latter brought from Corpus Christi. It was designed by the architectural firm of Page and Southerland in the Art Moderne style.
3 cups 1/2 inch cubed sourdough bread, crusts removed and dried overnight
Basically add your yeast to the starter wort and then cap it with a piece of sanitised tin foil. Put this somewhere around the same temperature as you are going to brew your beer, shake the vessel every few hours when you think of it, ideally a stir-plate would keep it sufficiently aerated and wouldn't need to be shaken by hand.
Jesus says “I am THE way, THE truth, THE life.” Jesus is not simply lord (my master) but he is Lord (YHWH). Believe in Him and you too can be saved!
Continents
Emilie:
“Dead Flesh” is Book One in The Kiera Hudson Series Two.
I have found that the silicon moulds don't need greasing. If you do need to grease your moulds, use a cooking oil spray.
I have been called a Luddite
The world’s oldest teenager has died. Dick Clark passed away today at 82. For years, as the rest of us grew older, Dick Clark seemed to stay the same – not only in youthful appearance but being contemporary as well. I remember him once on AMERICAN BANDSTAND interviewing Alice Cooper and thinking: “why does this not look weird?” I’m sure his Roledex went from Lady Godiva to Lady Gaga. And the secret? He genuinely did love all the performers and the evolution of popular music.
I’ve been told that should you believe something to be right, then there is a moral obligation to tell others, let them know the errors of their ways… steer them towards what is correct. I don’t subscribe to this train of thought. Does that make me lazy? Uncaring? Unfeeling? Not invested in my fellow human beings or in mankind generally? Who knows? There is a general tendency for people to mistake quietness for acquiescence and agreement. I do have my own thoughts, beliefs and viewpoints about the way life should be. But just because I’m not trying to convince you of that does not mean that I do not have conviction regarding my beliefs.
On top of this not-so-pretty forecast, my MIL just emailed me to say we're supposed to get hail and tornadoes all weekend.
Lim also said that the government’s stand raises doubt that an impartial “public inquiry into the Bersih 3.0 violence and brutality regardless of the victims – whether the police, journalists or peaceful protestors” — can be carried out.
Blowfish rejects this too.
Grøn Tuborg was a pale lager with little carbonation and a little head. In the nose I felt a grainy and malty touch. Grøn Tuborg had not that much taste. I felt it was somewhat watery with a touch of butter before a malty finish with a hint of apricot. The beer is OK, but there are loads of pale lagers I prefer to it.
For now, he said, the best way to protect resorts like Ocean City is to nourish the beaches with sand. But as sea levels rise, such programs get more expensive. ”We may have to abandon more of the beach and wall up the rest” of the island, he said.
Aside from that, everything is great. Look, a new layout!
Football, on the other hand, seems to have more problems with the situation. College football has begun to see itself as a year round endeavor. While football is a 10/11 week sport in the fall - plus a month break and additional game if you qualify for a bowl game - it makes the attempt to keep its athletes engaged throughout the year. This starts right at the beginning of the outdoor track season with "Spring" practice during the months of March and April.
This is sort of a random post... not feeling too inspired for a theme. I haven't been taking many pictures lately. I think I'm tired of the same winter clothes worn over and over and over, the same cold outside, blah, blah, blah. Spring will be here soon.
What a racket.
5. Family bringing someone in in "withdrawals" with a breathalyzer of 0.48 or so. Nope, not withdrawals, that's agitation from being really fucking drunk. Disposition: Detox.
Today marks the first anniversary of Syria’s uprising. This should have been a joyous occasion commemorating a successful revolution, the collapse of a vile dictatorship and the birth of a free and democratic Syria. Instead, it is a painful reminder that tens of thousands have died for a dream that is yet to materialize. This has been a year of immense sacrifices and intolerable suffering for the sake of freedom and dignity. Murderous repression, vicious violence and horrific human rights violations were inflicted upon the civilian population while the world watched from the sidelines.
Well, it seems I don’t even have to look forward. It is here.
Boredom and Social Problems
Entree/Snacks:
cannot make it clearer that you are anti-Life. Through trickery and
Now, the whole point of the challenge and of writing on command and so forth is to be able to avoid being susceptible to such periods, to maintain consistency and movement regardless of internal weather patterns. Insofar as showing up, working on songs, writing, toying with the word/chord/melody is concerned, I have put the time in. I have shown up, written some songs, finished some, failed to finish others.
Fast forward to the next morning and Chris leaving before us (never happens) and automatically setting the alarm out of habit. Nick bounding down the stairs because he's getting to watch his show before Peri. Nick scurrying back up the stairs as the alarm goes off, caused by motion detector at bottom of stairs. Nick and Peri wide-eyed and running around upstairs while I yell down "Chris? You got it?" Me finally getting that he's not down there and getting the alarm off. Alarm company calling to see if there are any problems and asking for our "codeword". Sigh. It's 7am, I got two scared kids, can't figure out where my husband is and you want a code word? I give her two options. She says she can only take one. Thank god I picked the right one, or we could have had some extra drama before work!
Posing, post concert
Smart, Safe and Happy training everyone!
3 bay leaves
07 The heathen (con Negro García Lopez)
B.A. (Honours) Political Science
And I would strongly recommend that you start hanging out at publishersmarketplace.com and reading the deals on a regular basis. The site doesn’t post actual advance totals but will give you a general idea of the advance range.
I just need to find a daily lotion that has gradual tanner in it, to just keep my tan looking fresh!
OK, so it isn’t really a ghost, it was an escaped shopping bag, it sure looked like our ghost.
before the conjunction?
For those who lost a father, brother, or son, or acquaintances much less friends, it remains a grief-stricken day and era.
But Doherty, a lawyer, is now in the fight of his life. As Conor nears adulthood, Doherty’s greatest worry is that the province doesn’t have the proper services for someone like Conor to maintain a high quality of life when they leave the public school system. He’s afraid Conor will fall through the cracks.
As much as I love the text--and I do LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the text--I must say that I really, really LOVE the illustrations. I do. From cover to cover. Even the end papers. I just LOVE Taro Yashima's artwork. His style made a definite impression on me--and it's one that has stuck with me through the years. There's just something unforgettable about each page--almost each page.
Here are a few of his Maddox'isms from the last few weeks or so:
"I'll do the damned commentary."
whirl of London and finally back to Ireland again, this is a story of the thorns of love and the harsh reality of life in the eighteenth century, where nothing is simple and complications of all kinds surround James Quinn, man midwife.
In May 2010, the Environmental Working Group found that 17 popular fragrances, including Fierce, contained a variety of synthetic chemicals. The non-profit public health and environmental organization says that the fragrances included petrochemicals derived from petroleum and chemicals that can alter human hormones.
Sc in each of the 8 Sc. Ch 1, Do not turn.
In its decade-long war on Afghanistan and now Pakistan, the U.S. has amassed the largest and most technologically advanced war machine in history against an entirely defenceless population. More than forty countries are participating in the bloodbath, although many of them are there just by name.
It’s not as crazy a world as Pratchett’s but I think it can hold an enormous amount of cookies!
With passions of demons, slaughter, premature death?
Imagine if you will a young adult playing Xbox 360. After playing the same game for awhile, he becomes good at the game, he adapts to the surroundings, anticipates the computers next move, and easily defeats the game. However, when he reloads the game and dials the skill level up a notch, the game becomes much harder, with more surprises. The castaways have been in this continuous loop for a long time. They know how to play the game. Case in point. Jack with Richard while the fuse is burning toward the dynamite. He tells Richard he will not die. He knows the game. He sees the end game. He knows this is not how it ends.
Evening everybody!! I've eventually made a birthday card for Peter's cousin's son, Nathan. His birthday really is on Christmas Day though I forget how old he'll be - three or four I'm sure! So for him, I didn't want a card that was too babyish! I know he loves his cars, planes and trains etc!! My original attempt at this card involved a rocket, a pop up card and a different image - until Peter's remarks put me right off the idea!! Won't go into the details now but it sure did amuse my forum buddies!! Anyway, I copped out and went for the "safe" option of a more traditionally shaped card LOL!
So, fresh from my second CBT session so thought I'd get some things down before other things (like the end of Sunday's Sherlock - wha' happen?) get in the way
And for some reason when I add in those short walking inclines, it makes me sweat like no other. After I was finished this workout Alyssa asked why I was so sweaty. I told her its because its fun and healthy to exercise and get sweaty. It makes you have a healthy body and live a really long time. She ran up to me and rubbed her head all over me.
From talking severed heads to a bizarre ambush at the end watching this was a very weird experience.
On Friday, 8 April 2011, the former Ekurhuleni metro police chief was finally convicted of drunken driving – i.e. after the case dragged on for more than 4 years! The Pretoria Magistrate's Court also found him guilty on a charge of defeating the ends of justice, after it came to light, among other things, that the medical certificate, which McBride produced in his defence, and which stated that he was suffering from hypoglycaemia (low blood sugar), was all a fraudulent scam. McBride's bail was extended, pending his sentencing on 15 July 2011.
Farmworkers carry so many burdens, including increased risk of cancer. The good news is that the risk of many of the types of cancers can be mitigated. Pesticide safety, regular screening procedures, healthy diets, and regular doctor’s visits could potentially prevent many of these cancers. General education about these cancers and their symptoms is crucial to prevent unnecessary deaths in the farmworker community. Please visit our page on the AFOP website for more information on farmworker health and safety.
These are the "real" version of the shorts I showed you in my last post. The fabric is a drill cotton with lemons on it from (where else?) the kids section at Spotlight. I wanted the lemons to run across the shorts sideways so I cut the fabric on the crosswise grain rather than parallel to the selvedge.
He's my favorite Project Runway designer, so I'm pretty excited except that I can't decide what to wear. I don't know what the dress code/attire is going to be, but I'm assuming somewhat casual. I can't buy anything new because I'm still in the midst of my shopping ban, so I have to work with what I've got.
The first test didn't go so well. The doctors were rounding and raving about how wonderful he was doing, and Sam, being his own man, decided to stop breathing once again. The doctors rushed in and bagged him until the ventilator started up again. I could have used some oxygen myself.
So here is the first recipe -
… who’s joining me?
Synopsis (from Amazon.com): When Jessica's teacher tells everyone in class to find 100 things to bring to school for their 100th day, Jessica starts to worry. She wants to bring something really good, but what? 100 marshmallows? No, too sticky. 100 yo-yos? Nah, that's silly. When Jessica reaches the 99th day, she really starts to worry. She still doesn't know what to bring! Could the best collection of 100 things be right under her eyes?
"Overdrive" - 3:22
Marvin Gaye What’s going on US
At 1115 BST, the Prime Minister, Neville Chamberlain, announced the British deadline for the withdrawal of German troops from Poland had expired.
Cop: Well you can talk to me. what seems to be the problem?
Many of America's well-to-do, not just Wall Streeters, say they don't feel particularly advantaged. A recent survey by marketing firm HNW Inc. found that half of the nation's richest 1 percent "don't see themselves as being part of that elite group." Also, 44 percent of those surveyed told HNW's pollsters they already pay too much in taxes.
And here comes the fun...installing a light without assistance.
2. Current location
Finding foods that cover gluten and allergy free is difficult. More and more caregivers are opting to make meals from scratch to avoid the worry and concern of reaction. If you are a regular visitor, then you know how I enjoy experimenting with recipes...a little bit of this and a dash of that.
LILLIES - I love lillies, there is something so evocative and mysterious about them. They can be pure simplicity, they can be magnificent, flamboyant beauty. My favourite flowers are St Joseph's and Stargazer Lillies.
This weekend, we were all scattered throughout different middle-class homes in Bangalore for our first (maybe only?) homestay.
DIANE LEWIS - I THANK YOU KINDLY
an angel from above
The UK Independence Report by NEF claims that the world as a whole is already in ecological debt. It takes a little longer but by October the resources that the earth had available for the year are used up and we start eating into its stock of natural resources. Nature cannot regenerate these ecological stocks at the rate they are being used. We are eroding the future supply of the resources on which we depend. Not very clever.
“Wait!” Seth begged. “I don’t understand.”
To get those one by one
OK, with that bit done, the next step is to create some scenery, to sit the blimp in. The Floating City game is set almost directly after a world-changing event. A cataclysm called the Penumbra has devastated the lands. Poisonous clouds and boiling heat have forced survivors to take to the oceans, in the rusting wrecks of ships and other vessels, and head north to cooler zones.
The slightly darker layer below it is the same paper but I added a
2010.09.03 Pakistan Quetta 73 149 Over sixty innocents are slaughtered when a suicide bomber targets a Shia procession.
So a few years ago I went down to the Fafard plant and had them load my cargo bay with bags of mulch. Then I drove around the property with Blowfish throwing out bags where they were needed. A quick X with a blade followed by flipping the bag put most of the mulch where needed and the only thing left to haul was empty wrappers. It took multiple trips to Fafard but overall this was a more manageable approach.
Jay Austin HOU T 20
Butternut squash puree
Originally, today was just going to be all research, work, and stuff like that. This morning started with two hours of Vietnamese class. We keep on going over a ton of new stuff in class and then I forget it by the next day. I can’t really remember what we went over this morning except we went over it a lot.
Why 2001 and 2003?
:: On a Black Result: You are prevented from any action, but your sequence isn't yet complete.
who found fun instead of me.
Our intermittent kisses were urgent; I felt as though my entire body wanted to merge into his, and I hungered to explore every inch of him with long, flat strokes of my tongue. As my need to feel him inside me became increasingly overwhelming, I pulled away to saunter slowly across the room, loving his eyes on my every move, wondering what I had in mind. I pulled the black satin sash of a polka-dotted dress out of the cupboard, then returned to straddle him as I tied his hands together above his head. I loved his hands on my body, but I was in the mood to take control, and he was clearly more than happy to obey my wishes. Once the task was complete, I shimmied up over his chest and chin until my pussy was within reach of his eager tongue, and bent forward so his hands could cup my breasts, fingers tweaking the nipples in the way that sends shivers of pleasure directly to my clit.
slowly I must push the sides of myself outward,
For imposing Taxes on us without our Consent:
Ok, so don't get me wrong, as she continues, I can see her point. I totally feel her when she says that for once, she wants to sleep in (hallelujah!), not do laundry, wipe noses or behinds, etc. I have my days when I literally pull my hair and scream, "I need a break!" You all read my last post - things aren't always rosy in my world. Motherhood is not always simple, glamorous or magical.
In Jesus mighty name we have prayed.
Hope every one is well
Row 2-9- ch1, turn, sc in ea sc.(15)
Today's sporting stars seem to lack the elan, the bravado, the derring-do of those of your day.
holy calamity - i told you yesterday i had a wake to go to and it was for a girlfriend i knew since i was 5 years old (we're not close, our circle of friends were friends, but we never clicked, but never any issue with us, we just never hung one on one) her Mom, who passed away suddenly in her sleep - i had my sh*t together walking in and waiting on the line (her hubby is the top county cop guy - so let's just say if you wanted to rob a house in the county there would of been no issue, b/c every cop was there) and THEN i finally hit the room and i saw the pictures of her, happy with her family - oh yes i started to choke up - i remember her like that, always happy, loven' the sun like me, ect) - THEN i saw Mrs. V laying there - i LOST IT - i mean literally people must of been like 'who is this girl, she's crying like it's her own Mom' - but THERE ya go - that's exactly what i thought - HOLY sh*t that will be my Mom next - and then all the questions of - OMG HOW, WHAT, WHO, WHERE, WHAT come rushing in - how do you go on?! - i mean really???
(3)Place 1 tablespoon of pork filling onto each dumpling skin.
ASA held their annual meeting in Chicago last week, and invited Lifebox along to meet some of their members and introduce the project. They were expecting around 15,000 members and exhibitors – that’s called a party to dress up for.
Then, Patrick said irritably, "No, it was ME."
Knee high to a tv tray.
The greatest factor in helping us understand time is understanding it’s form. However we can deduct information through indirect evidence for the meantime.
The Ink Spots... even the name is iffy. But I guess the 1930's were pretty unenlightened times, leading to four black guys from Indianapolis (Orville "Hoppy" Jones, Ivory "Deek" Watson, Jerry Daniels and Charlie Fuqua) being given the name 'The Four Ink Spots'. Formed in the early 30's, they were one of the pioneers of a new style of music called 'Jump'. In time, Jump would lead into Rhythm and Blues, and ultimately, Rock n Roll.
The real highlight of this post though... I actually had the opportunity to have breakfast with Martha Stewart yesterday--yes, the Martha Stewart. I don't like to talk in too much detail about my full-time gig, but this breakfast was a spectacular moment made possible through my job as a magazine advertising buyer. And given the subject matter I cover here in my blog, I had to share this experience with you all!
I realize that Dog is a lot like my children, somewhat helpless, dependent on my kindness for even the most basic of needs like food and…well, food is Dog’s basic need. I feel responsible.
Tsugumi has more fanservice-meets- ‘kawaii’ moments that completely hack the entire enemy network, and it completely goes against the tone of an epic final battle to save humanity but WHATEVER.
Parma Ham
I get that not everyone is as skinny but then not everyone has curves to flaunt either."
It's finally here, the BLACK MIRROR hardcover collecting all the 11 Detective Comics issues of the year long run by Scott Snyder, Jock, David Baron, and me, including the 2 inital Gordon co-feature stories and a big 20-pages long section with extra material like concepts, design, layouts, and sample of the original script.
From what I’ve heard, most of the Joint Chiefs are now with this group.
I’m in a strange place artistically. I feel as if I’m simultaneously drowning and soaring. When I say drowning, I mean it, I physically feel under water and like I’ve completely lost the surface. Fight or flight has kicked into overdrive and I’ve only got the option to fight, because if I don’t do my art, I’m not alive.
Scarf: Secret Santa gift (handmade :D)
So really, it is a win-win situation for everyone but the neighbors.
subway it will be... i'm pretty sure... especially after i happened upon the below photo example of said backsplash accompanying cabinet/hardware style almost identical to our selections.
All I saw was a dark shadow. No, I saw many, many dark shadows. I turned in a circle, surrounded by dark beings on all sides of me. I wanted to scream for help but my throat had closed up. I couldn’t move, I couldn’t think, I couldn’t even breathe. Evil emanated from the dark shadows, the blackest kind of evil. Evil that settles in murderous hearts and vicious men who prey upon the innocent and helpless. Evil resonated around me and I felt as though there was no escape.
This past week Fred Eckhardt turned 85, and the annual traditional of helping him celebrate with a very special beer festival at Hair of the Dog took place once again at the brewery. Fred Fest is one of my favorite festivals of the year for so many reasons. The rarity of some of the beers, the intimate feel, the food, the raffle, the great crowd, and above all - the wonderful hospitality that Alan and the rest of the Hair of the Dog crew show make it a can't miss event on my calender.
Since this is my art, I’m going to sing for you.
A moment suspended in time
The Mustard Seeds - Red
"come over and play" here at Trendy Twine!!
And now, finally, the tears are falling, fast and hard....I miss you, George, and you will always be in my heart!!!
Sweeney RF
If you are a mom with a daughter...I need to hear from you ....Seriously! Would you let your daughter do the following: Do you have a policy.....or is it just me being too strict!
“Ulyssess” by Tennyson is one of my favorite poems. I get a little ticked here because they truncate it needlessly. Also, weird content synchronicity: this poem is Ulysses speaking to his men after the long journey back from Troy, exhorting them to turn back to continue their adventures just on the brink of arriving at Ithaca. However, according to Homer, all of his men died on his return journey, casualties of his curiosity and naiveté. Hmmm, deaths caused by disregarding the real needs of those in his charge. Sounds vaguely familiar here...
The plate was already there, the ceramic pumpkin came from Target last year and the wire pumpkin from Michael's last week.
“For goodness sake. Do you want a knife to open it with?”
(Do you feel an immediate affinity with those people who love the same books that you do?)
Today....I can find the TV's....but not the remotes.....the DVD players....but not the cables.
Using a #2 tip, pipe the outline of the rose in yellow.
Before we get into the individual items of clothing, it’s important to realize some phrases we use today didn’t mean quite the same thing 200 years ago. For example, when we say “She was in a state of undress.” or “She was caught en dishabille.” The folks of the regency wouldn’t have batted an eye. It was quite common for ladies to entertain guests in their boudoirs while dressed in comfortable, but concealing gowns and robes. The terms “undress”, “half-dress” and “full-dress” were degrees of formality, not coverage.
Stamps: Unity Stamp Company
Another fun activity to do would be to throw a pretend birthday party for Little Gorilla. Have all the guest bring letter Gg gifts.
I have lived for seventy-six years now and rarely have been given a single positive word for anything I have ever done. I remember my father once saying, “Charles, you do good work; we don’t see much of it, but you do do good work.” Although my father was never mean to me he wasn’t supportive either. And, because I was a smart-ass kid, I developed the habit of sarcasm and making verbal fun of everyone and everything, including my teachers and friends. I probably learned that sarcasm from my father as is perceived in that backhanded compliment I remember him giving me.
Hurley thinks Richard is right and feels it's the only choice they've got, "Trust me, Jack."
Later we see him "run off," as the English note while eating a meal Leslie cooks before being taken to jail. "Out here one gets so lazy," she says, apologizing for her inexperience at cooking, "the boys take such good care of us." As the audience later infers, the "boy" was off informing Hammond's Eurasian widow of his death--an action that in the end will "take care" of Leslie for good. And when Leslie meets her fate, one of the last things she will see is Komai's face in the shadows, wearing an expression almost identical to the one he used when confronting her in the beginning. So on one level, The Letter gives us a stereotypical Asian, but he is also an instrument of justice, taking Leslie's casual sense of superiority and turning it into the last mistake she will ever make.
Mother's name:
shades of ruby, rose or russet.
Whisk eggs with half n half, sugar and almond extract until blended; pour over bread, using 3/4 of the mixture in the bigger pan and the rest in the smaller pan. Arrange peaches on top and sprinkle with brown sugar and cinnamon. Cover tightly and refrigerate for at least 8 hours. I always do it the night before.
1 talk
I can’t wait to read the third installment, which is Passion. I’m itching to know what will happen to Luce’s life and with Daniel finding her (read it for you to know), I think this book will lay out the truth. A stream of realizations will doubtlessly hit me.
I think this might be the most fucked up episode yet, full of torture, amputation and scary shadow demons, and I loved it. We’re introduced to a bunch of new characters, along with two new key locations, and we’re treated to plenty of great dialogue as the plot advances.
Ah want mih rum in de morning.
These giveaways are part of the Makobi Scribe Mother's Day Gifts Event! Be sure to enter to win the grand prize and check out the other blogs participating! There are hundreds of amazing prizes to be won!
Blesstheirhearts.
Photography and Guest Blog by David Dennis.
Rinse and place in blender with barely enough water to cover. Blend until smooth (I use the whole juice button on my blendtec).
into awakeness when the bull ran off,
Emerald is the first writer I’ve featured on Seven Questions to have published an e-book, and today she offers her perspective on the Kindle experience, marketing strategies and getting a creative writing degree. She has a really thoughtful, upbeat perspective on being a writer, and I’m delighted to feature her.
The band never actually “broke up” as it were. It sort of stalled. I left the band before 'Might-ay White-ay' came out, so I can’t say specifically what ended it, but ya know, it’s the oldest story in rock and roll, isn’t it?
Firstly, we want to upgrade. And, we want to let the Japanese fans know more about 2NE1. We want everyone in Japan to know of 2NE1’s songs!
JAS: In an op-ed you wrote for the Boston Globe back in 2009, you argue that all good parents are "de facto socialists," because they are constantly trying teach kids to share their stuff. What kind of response did you get to that column?
"We have enslaved the rest of animal creation and have treated our distant cousins in fur and feathers so badly that beyond doubt, if they were to formulate a religion, they would depict the Devil in human form."
What beer will I be bringing? Stay tuned…
The graph above appeared in the UK’s Nationwide Building Society house price report for February 2012, and is sourced from the European Mortgage Federation – the data are in their Hypostat publication – you can see the data for a wide range of countries on p72 (which is table 4 in the statistical tables). I think you can get the report for free if you register. It shows that we Irish are indeed fond of owning our own homes. As are the Portugese, Italians, Greeks and Spanish – hang on a second, see a porcine pattern there? Whilst the Merkozy countries shy away from home ownership in favour of renting. Food for thought.
No humanoid will approach the pools, day or night. Not since Ray Portland and his new wife decided a moonlight dip might cool their skin and ignite their passion. He thought she was playing the fool when she submerged and he felt her hand against his thigh. Archorid appeased his appetite as stealthily as he’d slid beneath the surface, punishing young lovers for their invasion. Only Arilla had seen the heavens reflected in the water dance, as they had the night the two suns fought. Only Arilla saw the surface punctuated by scales and spikes of a creature beyond description as two
So Saturday morning, the day after my biopsy, I got out of bed, put on my running clothes, and headed out for a run.
What author Michelle Minton suggested is that Texas beer and spirit producers join with the Texas wine lobby to create a stronger organization to effect change in Texas' antiquated, Byzantine liquor laws.
I have been trying for days to write something here, but I feel there is a big huge brick wall before me.
For the flowers in this card I used Tequila Sunrise (EP239), Verdigris (EP318) and Fall Fiesta (EP148).
Then there’s the lack of services and infrastructure. Soon enough you realize that everything is several dollars worth of gas away, and it gets old fast.
How do you explain the difference between Zen and Buddhism to an ant?
China Glaze Harvest Moon is a metallic burnt copper with a hint of gold shimmer. Application is easy and opaque in two coats. This lacquer really grabs the light and brings attention to the nail!
Stardust!
Et par-dessous tous les hommes, son compagnon Roland.
At the risk of repeating myself, here’s what rich folks do when they get richer:they invest. A lot of those investments are overseas, thanks to the anti-American business policies of the last four administrations. Don’t think so? Check the tag on that T-shirt or gimme cap you’re wearing. If it says MADE IN AMERICA, I’ll … well, I won’t say I’ll eat your shorts, because some of that stuff ismade here, but not much of it. And what does get made here doesn’t get made by America’s small cadre of pluted bloatocrats; it’s made, for the most part, in barely-gittin’-by factories in the Deep South, where the only unions people believe in are those solemnized at the altar of the local church (as long as they’re from different sexes, that is).
The Santa Barbara game had an even bigger meaning to Assistant Coach Ryan Hopkins, who was going through a very difficult time in his life. He had multiple deaths in his family in the fall, so he said the Santa Barba game was a special moment at a time when he needed one.
-sensei
I still need to write that piece on arrivals and departures with some accompanying photographs, I’m sure I could pick up some really nice stories but it’s about whether I could sum up the guts to ask people when they just want to get home.
By Jeanne Bonner, April 16, 2012, 6:00am (EDT)
The media loves Obama for a good reason. The reason is that Obama loves the media. It’s a very neat symbiotic relationship. Obama has charm and it’s hard to deny him his eloquent oratory skills. Michelle and family are glowing. He is not stiff and robotic. The people take notice of this. Many people enjoy the down-to-earthness that the Obama family brings to the White House. It’s easy to trust a man who conveys confidence at the podium. He is presidential in the eyes of the American public. This package is an easy sell, even though what he sells are more big government plans, the antithesis to liberty. But the American public is frustratingly unaware of this fact so they just carry on with their lives, business as usual.
First I want to thank Lady Fiora for her great work as the former guild head of Aarnimetsä - Fiora, thank you very much for your great work over so many years - you inspired so many people! :)
So imagine the cartwheels I would doing when I received the following email....
Caffè dei Cioppi
When finished, I asked the students to trade with other pairs and read what they wrote. Then I had students share some of their sentences with the class and I asked a few questions. The students handed the papers in so I could look through them, then I posted them on a bulletin board.
The Crown Heights Community Mediation Center works as hard as anyone to bring the area's diverse communities together, and this summer, they're launching an initiative to support and expand all of the exciting block parties, festivals, and celebrations that proliferate in the neighborhood. The Summer of Celebration starts this Sunday at Hamilton-Metz Park. From the CHCMC:
Talk about an upset, this one had all the markings of a classic slugfest. For the first two rounds, Smutty and Thunder went at it toe-to-toe, punch-for-punch on appearance and aroma. Both had the goods up front, but the delivery and stamina of the Smuttynose Baltic Porter was too much for the quick and whispy Baltic Thunder from Victory. Both gave the fight of a lifetime, but the challenger was able to get an edge and exploit it.
Glove leather dress, Derek Lam, $3,850, at Derek Lam, NYC. Cotton shirt, Tommy Hilfiger, $68. Pearl earrings, Vicki Turbeville, $400. Crystal-and-resin bracelet, Prada, $595. Silver bull-head ring, John Hardy, $495. Embossed leather cowboy boots, Marc Jacobs, $945.
“Asean has always been at the forefront of efforts to maintain regional peace and security as well as to promote regional integration and community-building.
COME ON IN!! HEY EVERYBODY…COME HERE!!
My mother-in-law is a great cook: she makes the absolute best potato salad I have ever eaten. She also rocks out some awesome sugar cookies. And she makes incredible lemonade.
She loves my son.
Then depending on what time your appointment is you gotta wake up and drink the last liter of POOP JUICE! I wanted an early morning appointment so I was up & drinking at 3:30 am! FUN!
Here, I will be guiding you on how to setup your GMail account on your Android phone for POP3 and IMAP access. I have to say, this process can be a lot more complex if you are setting up POP3 on other device, but Android has made it very easy for GMail.
What is the envelope system? It’s a way to make your money work for you. Today it’s all too easy to never touch money physically, being that most people have a credit and/or debit card. Using the envelope system, you break your budget categories down into envelopes. That way when you go to purchase your groceries for the week, you take the budgeted cash out of the envelope marked “groceries” and use that to pay. This system has made a really big difference for us in a short amount of time.
Court records do not reveal how much contact the teen had with his mother before they began their affair.
･IS01
10. Heart-Shaped Box
It’s a crazy world out there. Help make some sense somewhere, will you?
Mr Pug's aunt P also stopped by my new work to pick up the cookie cutters for our decorating party on Saturday, and we talked details. I felt good at the end of the day.
He told officers he had no idea the laser affected pilots and placed passengers at risk and that it did not know that it was wrong to point the laser at the planes.
2) Take a paring knife, and poke a million holes in the exterior of the squash.
God said "Say no more." Instantly the cat had a huge fluffy pillow.
So, anyway, Anne says, “You’re in such a rush to get down there and help her, but you won’t help me!”
Well. When I’m not sitting around, playing computer games for ‘inspiration’.
22b.Die In
Pennie B.
“Your debt must be repaid!” Insisted the dragon.
Thursday: 4 mile easy run in 41:34. Wind was killer. Then drove right to the gym for an hour long circuit class. Eating a 6" subway sandwich on the way was a huge mistake, even though I was starving. Came dangerously close to puking during class, in a room with no trash can!
(your very basic summer house attire, leather shorts and shit and yes, every once in a while i actually do brush my hair)
There is no shame in having an STI. None whatsoever. Far too many people who have any STI, especially an incurable one like Herpes (HSV), HPV, or HIV, feel a lot of shame around the infection. They feel like a leper, like their sex life is over.
Don't be a hater. Your baby ain't sweet like mine.
And of course there is my shop, Candela Design Store located in the historical area of La Candelaria. We stock many different designer labels so you can find anything from jewellery and hand crafted belts, to bikinis, colourful clothes, and beautifully hand made leather shoes…the list is endless! www.catanavia.net Also in the new area around Chapinero, you can also find a few new designer stores such as Juan, Cyclus, La Ropería and Kaftan.
That means I get a day of working on Hannah's quilt, tomorrow.......Leigh-Anne and I have started to spend a few hours working on our quilts, the first Saturday in each month, and I am determined to get Hannah's done before I start another project.....and with all the gorgeous fabric I brought back from New York, I'm chompin' at the bit.....haaaaa!
Think of the consequences of the Keith Moon Bar going.
228 ***2. “Citizenship, Prudence and the Classics.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, February 1, 1990, p. 5, February 8, 1990, p. 5. (Sources: Item B-3, above, pp. 279-83 (1983), and Item D-VI/19/1974, below.)
Apparently he wants everyone to know what a superior car I have,
You know what's also fun? Discovering that your apron is buried in a box in storage. Ooops.
Mulan is set in China during the Han Dynasty. The film’s protagonist, Fa Mulan, is the only daughter of aged warrior Fa Zhou. She impersonates a man and takes her father’s place during a general conscription to counter a fictitious Hun invasion led by Shan Yu. Along with her guardian dragon Mushu, her captain, Li Shang, a lucky cricket, “Cri-kee,” and her companions, Yao, Ling, and Chien-Po, she battles the invading Hun army.
I had high hopes for this bread. Very limited success with baking gluten-free, yeast-risen bread has made me a little resistant to subsequent attempts, perhaps made worse by my being so accustomed to and enamored of wheat bread (both in terms of the overall product and ease of making it). Unfortunately, this Millet Bread didn't do anything to soften my resistance. The dough was difficult to manage and the loaf ended up dense, with a tight crumb and coarse texture. O'Brien suggests broiling the loaf to brown the exterior; doing so ended up making a very hard crust, even without much browning. The flavor was fine, but not enough for me to want to make another attempt on this bread anytime soon.
There was a Boer Rolong alliance during the era of the Great Trek.
Now, here’s a MAN. The King 2 Hearts’ Eun Shi Kyung (Jo Jung Seok) is loyal to King Jae Ha (Lee Seung Gi) and he’s not willing to back down on finding out how Jae Ha’s brother and sister-in-law perished. It doesn’t matter if there’s an order coming down from his father. He’ll find out the truth no matter what. But I can’t help to feel sorry that if he finally finds the key that opens that door, he’ll only find pain on the other side.
As the youngest of 7, I was still at home and got to help Mom in the kitchen over a 5 year span, as she re-created every recipe she knew and had collected, for her cookbook. She needed to write the measurements (she never measured when she cooked). Most of my siblings were married and away, except for my sister #4 and me. So we were her tag team.
STEPHENSON I, ROPER JP, NICHOLSON KG. Healthcare workers and their attitudes to influenza vaccination. Communicable disease and public health 2002; 5: 247-252.
I return to a question that had been posed many times in the run-up to this renaming debate. Where is East Bengal? Among other places, it is also in what is implied by ‘West’ in ‘West Bengal’- that there is that other half. Till global warming induced rising sea levels actually finish of this West/East debate for good, ‘East’ Bengal also lives in the matrimonial advertisements of the scions of East Bengal, 3 generations removed from partition, which lists never-visited-again ancestral abodes – Barisal, Faridpur, Mymansingh, Khulna, Noakhali, Srihatta, Rajshahi, Tangail, Bogura, Sherpur, Narayanganj, Brahmhonbaria. All this is in the ‘East’. It is that east, to whose west my land lies. West Bengal. Poshchim Bawngo. At least, for now.
As you can see, while her influence is beginning to hold sway over the system, it is not an all-encompassing, order inducing influence. Unfortunately, mom’s influence only spreads so far as she specifies with letter-perfect exactness, detailing each and every item in need of attention.
It's a balmy 90 outside. A bit too hot for March for me, but I do prefer warm temperatures and love seeing all the cherry trees in bloom. Lovely!
Elegant across infinite space,
So I tell her that I can’t believe it unless I feel it, too, and she says that belief and feeling don’t always intersect. I don’t have to feel something to believe it. I don’t know about other people, but I do have to feel something to believe it. I will not believe something unless my feeling corresponds with that belief. It might not always be feeling per se, more like instinct, but the point is there’s an intangible quality besides the rational that plays into it for me.
"Mr Lance observes, that sulphur is made use of in Kent and Sussex with a view to give a light colour to the hops. The truth is, that this sulphuring is a process of bleaching, an abstraction, and not addition of colour. The slow combustion of sulphur produces sulphurous acid, and that acid (which does not contain a full does of oxygen), acts upon the hops as it does straw in the manufacture of bonnets. It removes the brown tint, and gives brightness in lieu of it. On this subject Mr Lance says, that at Farnham they avoid sulphur "and yet obtain a delicate colour, because they sort out the bruised hops, and pick early before they are injured by the wind. These Farnham hops are found to keep their strength longer than the Kent, because they have not any brimstone in them. In Kent, the most delicate coloured hops are likely to be the most inferior in strength. The oil and flavour of the hops are exceedingly volatile; the atmospheric air will take them away in a short time, and more particularly when sulphur is incorporated with them. In drying them with sulphur much of the aromatic bitter passes off with the fumes of the sulphur" (11)
Obama seems mystified that, with the greatest majority in Congress in decades, he is unable to get Democrats to coalesce behind his major initiatives such as healthcare “reform.” Republicans wisely decided to avoid being a part of this debacle and have since been labeled “the Party of no.” Sometimes, the right answer is no.
fresh tattoo’s visible
14. Cut The Cake - Average White Band / 4:05
The Internet is a richer storytelling medium than any other channel. I love TV’s ability to tell a story—it’s the reason we still remember classic ads and taglines, and the reason I’ve dedicated much of my career to developing online video ad formats. But online goes a step further than TV, adding interactivity to the picture and offering marketers their single most compelling creative channel. What you get with digital is the ability to meld different media types into one larger story. It's one of the things that I personally really like about it. But rarely is it used in that format (whether it's due to budget, agency fragmentation, or whatever). Digital now has the chops to take the lead and be the cornerstone of campaigns, instead of the ugly stepchild sitting in the corner with the dunce cap on.
I know unconditional love.
Drawn out, very long and bordering on boring, The Lantern fails to grab me as the previously mentioned books did. The switching between past and present makes a person feel like they’ve spent an hour on the “tilt-a-whirl” – for those of you too young to know what that is, believe me, it is not fun.
School Pinkettes. We've got previews right through to the 4th then the whole release will be available over at the Tickled Pink Stamps Store from the 5th.
As you may have noticed, I had to take a little break from cardmaking. I have changed Home, and started a new work, which is quite demanding, is lovely and I have to give it most of my time. But I am happy the Lord is giving me this occasion of serving Him, so even though I don't find the time to create often, but I'm happy I am doing something for Him to loves me! :) But I have truly missed cardmaking,Blogging and hearing from each of you!!
All I would say, is remember what used to happen to the Eloi when darkness fell.
I don’t know when I’ll stop wanting, and I don’t know when you’ll stop creating.
Feeling rather confident after the initial screenplay results, I dusted off the first novel I ever wrote, the one that had been rejected by all the major publishers. To me it was a blessing in disguise to wait a year and a half before reviewing this novel once again. A blessing because…anyone who studies the craft of writing understands that you only get better with time and practice, so to revise that novel with fresh eyes after all the things I’d learned was the right approach. This book, “Year of the Chick” has been out now for over five months, and as it slowly finds its audience, the response has been incredible. It never gets old to read a new person’s reaction on my Facebook author page, and every time that happens, I think about how that NEVER would’ve happened, if I’d kept on waiting and hoping for a traditional publisher to pick me. And THAT…is glorious feeling number two .
or they are down
When all is said and Done
It launched with a TV ad -- I'm sure it was an anticipatory purchase rather than an impulse buy.
Hollywood Palladium
Release date: 2004
With her most recent series of photographs, Proud Flesh, a powerful nude study of her husband, Larry Mann, with whom she has spent the last forty years, Sally Mann marks and instructs us once again with her formidable talent. As literate as she is visual, her essay about this work is a testament to the power of deep trust honed over time. I was especially moved by this paragraph:
Anyway, I graduated from high school and began the summer without having ever really talked to Eddie. Before church service started, all the singers would sit in a certain section so that we could walk on stage unobtrusively when it was time. One particular Sunday Eddie and his cool band mates were all sitting in the row behind that section and I plucked up the nerve to talk to one of the band mates. While I was busy trying to weasel my way in, my mother was also busy.
Both Luck and Griffin could be future Pro-Bowlers. Both could be busts. One could succeed and one could fail. It could be anywhere in between. No matter which option it is, it’s not going to be because of anything that any pundit says (including me), and no one knows for sure how or why either will succeed or fail until it actually happens. Until we reach that point, both are excellent choices and you could flip a coin to pick either and be confident that a good pick was made.
If I was stranded on a desert island for a year, I would listen to:
and he was so right.
November 22 Las Vegas, NV House of Blues
I'm excited about this season - my fourth summer of being open. Lubec has become quite the tourist destination (seemingly overnight!) and new small businesses are opening, the restaurants are packed, and I love seeing the energy all around. It's been super rainy this spring; perhaps that means that this summer will be just as sunny, warm, and gorgeous as last summer. Though, warm is all relative I guess. I grew up in central Maine and we would migrate to the coast for respite on those scorching days. The summer months here feel....perfect. Just the right amount of heat with the added benefit of the beautiful ocean.
Admiring the gift for her cousin
In case you didn’t notice, I had previously tried uploading a post about my recent beach adventures. But it didn’t work and I lost all my work. So sorry if this post is shorter than most, I’m not up for writing the same (intelligent, awesome, genius, witty–hah-aha) twice.
Awards are given in 91 different style categories of beer, with the top three beers recognized with gold, silver and bronze medals.
"Maybe they should form a power circle." Fishy suggest an evil glint in his eye, "Ted was saying in the past he has used holding hands in a circle to motivate."
Finally the Dr. came in and introduced himself, and asked me what my usual Dr. had told me about what's going on with my cervix.
I'd imagine that this is a pretty adequate summation of his directorial style too; skulking around the background like Sasquatch, eating a sandwich and barking orders. He's a good actor too, really selling the character of a bored Nazi who just wants to eat his sandwich and lean against doors. The gas is pumped into the showers and the unfortunates' death is depicted in very sensitive detail. I'm sure nobody could ever be offended by Boll's depiction of the slow, humiliating, agonizing death of all those people - very old and very young alike - especially the lingering closeups of their naked flesh or pained death throes. Once they're dead, Boll has the bodies gathered up and fed into an incinerator.
So in my chest of drawers: peaceful coexistence between winter and spring, old and new.
My favourite post:
6. Drink warm milk. This is mother’s recipe for a great night sleep! For best results, mix the warm milk with several sleeping pills or muscle relaxers.
By the time your service tech shows up the clothes will have sat inside the machine for four days. Those clothes will have to be disposed of.
We blasted through some new tunes, found a raga to add to Spiritual, and skelped merrily through the tunes for Tut's on Friday. One of them is Blues At My Door, which I wrote the music for before the Primevals existed - early 1982 I think. There will be people at the gig who are younger than that song - which is entirely how it should be. We've got a pile of songs ready, we'll have a blast on Friday.
greed/work
It’s medically ignorant. Genetics play a part in a person’s lifetime health. It’s not bliss to be ignorant about what you may face as you age. You yourself want to know what family genes you carry that predispose you to heart conditions, immune system compromises, cancer, or even just where you will tend to gain weight as you age, don’t you?
Stamps & dies from Hero Arts
In the mid-1760's teenager John Stafford Smith wrote a little diddy called "The Anacreontic Song" for one of London's many men's social clubs - The Anacreontic Society. The four stanza song was first published in The Vocal Magazine in 1778. Interestingly, the fourth stanza includes the line "And this be our motto: In God is our Trust," which we Yanks ultimately adopted as our national motto, "In God We Trust."
Neither hears the horses moving round the tent in the night.
Smile, for you are solid and intact.
This has to be one of the best books I’ve ever read since My Sister Lives on the Mantelpiece by Annabel Pitcher. I literally devoured it in less than two hours.
3/4 cup milk (any variety thereof, cow's/rice/soy)
I realize that that is a sweeping and melodramatic statement to make about a sandwich, but I’m standing by it. Here is how it happened:
‘I have a foolish heart?’
The other policeman arrived shortly afterwards in the Toyota with Olivier’s wife in the passenger’s seat. When Olivier climbed into their car, she told him she had been raped.
We do use cloth wipes. I decided to use them because it just seemed so convenient to wash reusable wipes since I wash cloth diapers anyways and I don't have to worry about remembering to buy disposable wipes. I also think they work a lot better. They clean up more with less wipes. I use baby wash cloths and have recently sewn some of my own flannel wipes. They are very soft and they don't contain alcohol or other irritating ingredients. We use a homemade wipe solution, which we store in a spray bottle. I fill the spray bottle most of the way with water, then add about a tablespoon or so (I just guesstimate) of all natural soap. I like to use LuSa Organics soap or Dr. Bronner's organic soap. Sometimes I add just a little bit of olive oil to hydrate my baby's skin, and about half a teaspoon of vinegar.
I do not hate you, don’t hate me, time always heals
Praise be to you, Lord God, for email and internet, CD, FAX, cell-phone, social media and all the powerful means for the service of communication in the world and your Kingdom. May they sing your praise and glory. Amen. R.
well we were very sad as the Sponsor let not just us down but her also.
So if you are in need of a quick protein snack before or water your work outs. Or even cuz you hungry and it’s a bit of time before supper I’d say give these a try.
The pictures aren't great (with the restaurant's dim lighting), but he also designed a menu that we displayed with the alcoholic drinks available. Since we weren't including any of that for the rehearsal, we wanted something displayed to allow guests to order it for themselves. Something small, but we were really happy we had a few little touches to the rehearsal dinner.
7. I’ve had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So…
How do you beat variations? I’m not really sure, but so far since I switched to playing heads up I have been up. It is slowly going and I seem to be floating between $120 and $130 right now. I got up to $138 but then went on a slight losing streak yesterday. Ultimately I still had a winning percentage over .500, 26 – 22. 46 games I made $1.90. Today, well, not profitable. I mean, I still a winning record but not after the fees. 43 games, my record is 23 – 20. 43 games, after fees I was down $0.45. Got some advice today from someone that I actually used. Today I lost alot of Coin Flips preflop, when I went all in. After losing 3 to this one person, in the same game. One was really bad. He said to me that it used to happen to him too, and he stopped pushing all in and started winning more. I took that advice and started winning more. At one point today I had lost 5 games more than I had won, so I turned it around. Ended the day on a 5 game winning streak. I would like to start making money again though. I guess it’s not that bad. I’ve been at this for about 2 weeks now and I’m doing alright, it’s just slow going. I wonder what it will be like at $5. Will I make more money or not? Who really knows, but I can tell you this, I can’t wait to get my bankroll up to that level and actually begin playing in those games. Then I can’t wait to start playing in $10 and $20 games. That is when you can really start to sustain some sort of maintainable income from this game. At least that is what I think. I know that the opposition is better at the higher levels, but if I can maintain the 60% winning percentage on a day in and day out basis and play in 40 or so games per day. That would be 24 games won, and 16 games lost. That is a winning amount of $160 and fees that put you at $40. So about $120 per day. Multiply that out by 5-7 days per week.. That’s about 600-840 per week. Not too bad. Of course I am about 900+ dollars away from even considering that, so It’s just a pipe dream right now, plus I’m sure at first I will have to adjust my game to become better and win.
Ok, an example from pop culture: Men in Black. While K (Tommy Lee Jones) is trying to convince J (Will Smith) that there are aliens on this planet and others, he argues that once upon a time, everyone “knew” the world was flat, the sun revolved around the earth, etc. What happened to those who disagreed with these “absolute truths?” They were executed, after being persecuted by none other than the Catholic Church, most likely to the point where they felt it better to be dead than continue life under such persecution. Then once these highly analytical critical thinkers were killed, the world eventually came around and accepted these heretics’ teachings as truth.
Third Course: Sous Vide Lamb Leg, Mascarpone Polenta, Ratatouille, Shoulder Ragout and Jus paired with Fire Chief Ale
As always, this article is intended for experimental purposes only — if it works for you, great, but I make no guarantees. Don’t use this in a production environment until you have satisfied yourself that it works the way you need it to. If you use my instructions and have lost income due to missed calls, or if someone manages to hack into your device and runs up your phone bill, you agree that by using these instructions all the liability for that rests on you and nobody else! If you’re the type of person who wants to sue someone else when things go wrong, then you absolutely may not use these instructions. We’re all experimenters here, and nobody’s offering insurance that nothing will go wrong.
(like "Took 3 steps on May the 1st"
is. I've seen many people try to make a room like this but
We read the faces of babies to know what they want or need, and we write about it when we give them their over-due bottle. We read the bodies of our lovers in the stillness of the night, expamining their shapes and twists and turns in the shadows of the blue streetlight. We write about it when we turn over and call it a night or we grip the sheets and give them a kiss or twelve.
You caress her: most women like to be touched, gently. Gently glide your fingers over her forearm where there are plenty of pleasure nerves just waiting to be touched. Play with our hair. I for one love the feeling of having my hair played with. Caressing us sends signals of affection and trust to the brain.
