Out of about 720 students at my school, I have maybe 50 who are AVID fantasy readers, and maybe another 50 who will read fantasy if it's new and interesting. About eighty percent of the ARCs I get seem to be fantasy. It seems off balance.
03 Somebody Lied
If you really are set on using this publishing service - stick to the lower priced packages
Other animals are poisoned with strychnine, which suffocates them by paralyzing their muscles with painful, rigid cramps. Neck-breaking is another common slaughter method on fur factory farms. The fur industry refuses to condemn even blatantly cruel killing methods.
Below you can see some screenshots of the mobile version.
The pain in my back makes my mouth dry. Cold drink quenched thirst but not the pain. Do wish Gabapentin would work again. Seems like the titration will keep happening.
after i made them - i brought some over to my parents house - and they actually made a comment about them that jogged my memory - down in south NJ there is a restaurant called The Smithville Inn - when we first got our house down the shore (almost 20 years ago now) we would eat at this place frequently - and turns out as an appetizer they would serve popovers with different kinds of jams and relishes to put on top - unfortunately they do no serve them any longer ..
The emergency unfolding in and around Somalia is being portrayed by many aid organisations and the media in one-dimensional terms, such as “famine in the Horn of Africa” or “worst drought in 60 years”. But only blaming natural causes ignores the complex geopolitical realities exacerbating the situation and suggests that the solution lies in merely finding funds and shipping enough food. Glossing over the man-made causes of hunger and starvation in the region and the difficulties in addressing them will not help resolve the crisis.
1/2 -1 c. refried beans
Send your money-saving tips and ideas to Wendy Thomas at wendy@simplethrift.com. She also writes at www.simplethrift.wordpress.com.
Things are definitely in the home stretch with this pregnancy. Today I hit the 34 week mark. Yeap, horrifyingly close.
It’s not my first time in Palestine, but aside from a one day venture to Jerusalem when I was 11, it is my first time beyond the borders and beaches of Gaza, and the camps of Rafah and Deir el Balah. It’s the first time I’ve seen its hills and trees aside from in pictures. It’s the first time I’ve looked with my own eyes upon this image of Palestine that so many others have. The change in terrain is jarring and yet isn’t in the same moment. It isn’t the village my father spent years describing to me in detail and it isn’t the coast I’ve spent summer afternoons on, but I know the scenes, the hills, the rooftops, the streets and alleyways, and the olive trees in the same sort of comfortable manner.
-Giveaway ends on 5/11/2010 at 11:59 PM and winners will be chosen by random.org.
Which is? Something to with knot theory, with shapes. (The word topology does not come into E@L's head, though it should, he's searching for it, he in fact sees a torus with lines on it. Nothing can get in to his brain now, or out. He blows his nose to make space, nothing happens.)
His Big is a positive male role model in his life on a daily basis - as his real
To everyone who loves this idea: I pity you.
For the first time in Germany, I felt something like hope.
9. Share your poetry.
Honestly? It did kind of feel a bit repetitive. I mean, the amount of time they just stood around in their house was a bit more than I would have liked – but even saying that, the comedy never got old and there were a lot of different locations used etcetera. I mean, there was an episode about skiing, and episode about bathing, and even a prison setting. So, apart from the times were they were in their apartments, it was varied.
Asked whether he was afraid to play a team of underprivileged blacks in an "African area" Huntley had answered : "It depends where."
In Wellington archdiocese, all of the parishes are looking at the earthquake worthiness of their buildings. Our parish has been told that both churches are suspect; we’re going for a fuller assessment, but it seems at least possible that we won’t be able to afford to bring them up to code. I’ve heard that 80% of parishes are in the same boat – probably New Zealand-wide, not just in Wellington.
2. This morning he's been able to keep some fluids down, so I gave him a bottle of smart water (just a fancy brand name for bottle water you find a Target) with the squirty top (for some reason he drinks more out of those). He drank about half of it and told me "Mama I really smart, I drink lots of smart water!"
I'm not convinced Pakistan has the economic or technical wherewithal to develop a strategic nuclear weapon, missile or otherwise (in some respects, it already has access to strategic nuclear weapons--suitcase bombs aren't that hard, and their reach is global).
Heading back to the ship we were aglow at our very unique experience. South Africa is my favorite stop so far and I know I want to return to Africa as soon as I can. I think the continent really gets a bad rap, but it is so vibrant and beautiful. My experiences from Namibia and now South Africa will stay with me always as I continue to travel the world.
Through his investigation, Joseph befriends a 16 year old who calls herself Dizzy Lizzy, a young runaway who sells herself in order to provide for the social misfits that inhabit her world. Amid accusations that he is losing his objectivity, he becomes a pariah amongst his fellow officers.
Far Guy and I had a date night..it was fun to just do something different. We went to a local business that was having an open house, they gave tours of their facility and served beer, pulled pork sandwiches, cole slaw, chips and cake. We passed on the beer and the cake.
For too long the government has been protective of one sector or segment of the population and has deliberately criminalized another sector that it perceives and conceives is against them. Guyana does not have a prefix in front of it. Guyana is for all Guyanese and there must be a genuine display of sincerity, development and growth of all the people and not a selected few. Pretending there is not a problem is worse than confronting the situation head on. There is both hypocrisy and inequality in the society and the time is now to resolve these issues.
6. A pair of woolly Athletic Socks - the left to stuff into the mouth of George Osbourne (if there's room with his foot); the right one reserved for Glenn Beck or Sean Hannity.
I mean, you always see just that one 'must have' colour, and new ones keep on coming!
The internet is such a wacky thing. It allows us to literally edit our lives. Sites like Facebook let you decide what to make public or private, what photos to share (the most flattering, of course!), and in the midst of all that sharing we can also leave out the hard times, the times we struggle, the bad days, the I’m-calling-in-sick-and-staying-on-the-couch-all-afternoon moments.
Then for some reason I decided that I needed to make cake pops? I don’t know why. But at least I made them red(ish) and blue in honor of KU. They are similar to Starbucks Birthday Cake Pops, vanilla cake with cream cheese frosting and vanilla candy wafers on the outside. Yuuummmmmm.
1 night a week $90.00 (for 2 months)
He told his daughter an offer of help “was all that was often needed to turn people around, and he would say not to underestimate the power of a kind word and a smile,” she told The Sydney Morning Herald.
“What the….?” He said as turning around brought him nose to t-bone with Angelo.
01) Where Boys Fear To Tread
JNG: Oh, that's easy. My big mouth. I tend to speak before I think sometimes and I can curse like a sailor. It's gotten me in my fair share of trouble, but at least trouble isn't boring.
4) The Soundtrack That Brought Sexy Back - Just how Scorsese's pop and rock infused Goodfellas soundtrack (see - another connection!) led us through the rise and fall of Henry Hill, Anderson's Boogie Nights soundtrack takes us from the beginnings of Dirk Diggler's meteoric rise during the golden age of porn to his darkest days in the 1980's age of excess. From Jethro Tull and Three Dog Night to Hot Chocolate and K.C. and the Sunshine Band this is a soundtrack for the ages. Well at least for the ages of my lifetime. From God Only Knows by The Beach Boys to Rick Springfield's Jessie's Girl, from Best of My Love by the Emotions to Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now by McFadden & Whitehead to Andrew Gold's Lonely Boy (left off the official soundtrack), we grow with the characters from one decade to the next. Of course the two best and most important numbers from the film, not only in the songs themselves but their connection with other parts of the film, are Melanie's Brand New Key (incidentally my current ringtone) and Sister Christian by Night Ranger. But these will be addressed later on down the list.
Calories Burned in Yoga: Class by Class
They’d make a course correction and keep their focus on building up, up, up, and up.
I must be one more of the many Marlins’s fans that are full of enthusiasm and somehow in disbelief that we have won the last six games played away from the Miami Marlins Park—our new home.
Look at this, from the opening of Chapter 3:
It’s put stuff that needs washing up in the bucket.- Kitchen sink has been blocked for around 2yr now. Need to investigate with camera when I get around to it.-
From time to time, we have concerns about channeled messages and it becomes necessary to have another discussion about the subject. The latest is over the allegation that Ashtar does not speak through channelers at this moment. Archangel Michael told me in a personal reading on April 25, that Ashtar does indeed speak through channels. Let’s see if I can find his exact words:
What is the fascination with the super-hero team-up? Why is it that fans get such a charge out of seeing a group of superheroes working together? Why would Marvel invest in this huge cinematic endeavor, one that many people thought of as risky to begin with? Why would DC Comics want to try and emulate that same success?
1 mugs
HENDERSON, Nev. – Arlene Caruso, assistant branch manager at Paseo Verde Library, was recently selected to attend the Mountain Plains Library Association (MPLA) 2012 Leadership Institute. Only 30 were chosen to attend from over 60 applicants in 12 states.
I’ll add my usual warning: this is not a fast-paced novel. Yes, it has an interesting plot, but no, it is not a fast plot because The Tale of the Body Thief is a character-driven novel. Anne Rice has wonderfully sensual descriptions and a compelling writing style, but as with all of the books in the Vampire Chronicles, The Tale of the Body Thief contains explicit sex scenes and other mature content. I would recommend it for ages 14 and up.
The photograph must have been taken from a newspaper or magazine and at some stage my father has conveniently pinpointed himself (just as well as many of the young lads look just the same to me). My father (AB = Albert Burnett) would have been 13 at the time and if I look very carefully I suspect I can recognise him.
19 Yet the LORD would not destroy Judah for David his servant’s sake, as he promised him to give him alway a light, and to his children.
I look over the information and try to implement the ideas that are put forth from someone else who is doing it.
The hens would still be housed in a barn, but they have room to move and perches and nesting boxes. Sows are also held indoors, but they would not be confined in the cramped crates while they are pregnant.
"Grief fills the room up of my absent chld,
I’ll close this one before my wedding, so I’ll go with May 18th!
Genevieve Taggart – Calling Western Union
When contacted, Nazri said that the Government had thought over the out-of-the-court settlement between the parties for the past six months.
I watched until some of the little guys (girls) had found the sugar solution and started drinking. They were immediately less 'drunk' looking than the one's the day before so I think it might work the intended way this time.
I think I'd like to work on goal one and ignore goal two for a while. So here's something short and sweet for today.
Today there was a thing at school, it was like saying goodbye to it, because some people talk how was high school, and we hug teachers, all that stuff and my parents weren't there. I felt awful, I cried because of it. It means so much to me that they're there. I cried, no one (of them) told me "Cogratulations" or "Good Luck" and I only hugged my friends. They said that they were my family, and cried more because it was cute. Love you guys.
Snakecharmer – Strength 6
2) Can be played on almost any type of surface (wood, plastic, turf, etc.).
Luckily after yesterdays partying (although it was actually quite lame place) my head isn't spinning around and I'm not laying in bed, I feel great. The whole day was actually so weird, but fun, random. Yesterday was sunny and quite warm, and today I woke up in the real Finland, it's raining and cold again. Shall we just stay home today and enjoy the pleasures of tv and hot tea ? I think it's satc time.
Here is a great article from ACE on this very subject:
5. People In This Computer Lab Should Shut The Hell Up
I'm off to bed... I am really going to miss having a long weekend. But on the bright side this is only a 4-day school week and I have my art class to look forward to. :) Have a great week!
I have been through all the cupboards and freezer and have done an audit on everything we have in there. We have a lot more fish than I thought so this will be on the menu for this week. Again the only thing I should need to buy is milk and salad bits.
You were the air I breathed, the sunshine in my sky.
10:00 p.m. Turn out light. Don’t sleep, don’t sleep, don’t sleep.
Asian Court on War Crimes against Women
Well, I have 3 beers on tap, right now: Ersatz Schneider Weisse, Summer IPA, and my Belgian Uber Saison. Everybody seems to love the Weisse...(but I'm really not a huge fan of the style). I at least know that I did a decent job on it. The IPA and Saison round-things out nicely, but it would be nice to have my Brown on tap, as well (sigh).
Also on my reading radar is Fifty Shades of Grey – the surprise e-book that made it to the top of the New York Times bestseller list. I really want to know why everyone is getting hot and bothered about this book. I don’t read erotica (or don’t admit to reading it), but when an obscure e-book makes it to the top of the New York Times bestseller list, it’s enough to make you stand up and take notice. The internet is abuzz with articles calling this a ‘word-of-mouth phenomenon’ and ‘mommy porn.’ Even my 65 year-old father asked if I had heard about this ‘Fifty Shades’ book and what was it about? (Cue awkward conversation.)
All taken place in a theatre of war games,
Acts 17:10-11
Village Hause Restaurant
2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
K: Since they are arming themselves relentlessly, via weapons-laden ships, via the tunnels, my self-defense requires those controls. I don’t want to have to depend on Iron Dome to shoot down the missile. I want the missile not to reach Gaza from Iran in the first place. So I maintain the sea blockade, which is unquestionably legitimate according to all the laws of war at sea, to prevent them from bringing in the weaponry. And the same goes for the land crossings. We don’t allow free access, because it is likely to endanger us.
So what is a Snippet Roll you say.
“It is a fundamental story,” he said. “And it seems to me that if we are to make this highly diverse society work, and I desperately hope that we do, what we should be focusing on is the astonishing record of change without revolution in English history in which the political system of king, lords and commoners, has proved flexible enough to spread from a tiny deeply selective electorate to a wider and wider group who have been incorporated, have been brought in and made to feel welcome.”
Success is fulfilling and living your heart’s desire. Being and expressing Who You Are!
-- Paul Hornung
Well, I guess I can’t talk about that because it’s a secret from even me. I am quite angry over the whole mess and am in that mode where I am swearing off all relatiohsips except those that I can buy with tummy rubs and treats.
Nostalgia eating in Ann Arbor is when L, I, & others order Happy’s Pizza (fast food) in an attempt to relive and indulge in the memories of being in our mid-twenties (and having more efficient digestive systems) and having fun in Ann Arbor when there often seemed to be no joy to be had. For a very short time in Ann Arbor, D, M and I hosted and dj’ed our weekly dance party and, before any of us really bothered venturing out of AA and learning about new places to hang and communities to hang with, it was a place for some of us POC grad students to hang out in what was otherwise a not very POC-friendly town. It might have just been right place, right time, too, when, at that moment, there was a brief swell of POC grad students in our department (and a few others) who generally shared similar politics and approaches to our own work (and maybe life in general). Dancing, drinking, and getting drunk together were cathartic moments when our academic spaces, like the city’s public spaces, weren’t necessarily safe for us.
Hearing your voice is like my breaths stopped
"I hope my children are not prepared for college at all. I hope they're
All the above emphases are gross sins against the cult of secular permissiveness that has held the English-speaking world in a grip of self-obsessed superstition since the 1960s. The devil will no doubt be actively scheming to ensure that the Christian emphases at the Royal Wedding are downplayed.
I can be anything!
It is open to both US & Canada
And ever thing was perfect
Cakes: “From the Sun to the land / From the land to the grain / From the grain to the flour / From the flour to this bread / I consecrate this bread in the name of the Horned God / May his blessings shower upon us throughout eternity / So Mote it Be.”
Anyway, it’s an enjoyable hobby, and it keeps me out of serious trouble. It gives my mind a place to go to rather that the awful realities of life, and it gives me hope for a bright future… or a very foggy end! (That’s a joke and if you’re not laughing you should be ashamed!)
over and over and over and over again.
We hope you’ll enjoy this vintage illustration by George W. Hood about The Dragon Princess, which was published in “The Chinese Fairy Book” in 1921.
"I was thinking."
–WHITE-FACED IBIS, between Decker and Rosemary, near Brooks, Dottie Torkelson.
Appearance: A slight chill haze and a vigorous carbonation gives this copper penny colored brew a well knit head of sparkling tiny bubbles. The linen white, with a light orange tinge, head falls quietly leaving a beautiful Belgian lace gracing the sides of the glass.
Messages are not new in the Kornkreise. One of the first to be deciphered was the Chilbolton radio telescope formation which appeared in the summer of 2001. Its message was clearly an answer to the radio telescope transmission sent in 1974 by Dr. Carl Sagan and his team of astronomers based at Cornell, New York, Cambridge, Mass, but transmitted from Puerto Rico’s telescope at Arecibo. The ‘reply’ caused a stir. Carl Sagan was sadly no longer around to appreciate it. His team were interested in the similarities expressed in the crop message and their original transmission. It was the differences, however, which fascinated: it was a clear attempt to express a communication from an entity which does not have human proportions. Messages then followed thick and fast. In the next year, only eight miles south of Chilbolton at Crabwood Farm near Winchester, the ‘Alien face’ appeared accompanied by its ASCII (binary) message: interpreters used a similar method to the Chilbolton design: seeing the crop folds and standing tufts as ‘pixels’. Substitute a 1 for standing crop, 0 for flattened sections; dividers between words were smaller tufts. An anonymous crop circle computer wiz volunteered a binary translation shortly after its appearance. His work was doublechecked by Paul Vigay – then still alive and at the time working on cymatics – sonic and musical form expressed as a visual. He agreed with the decoding: The message said:
Army Headquarters
Beep-beep.
This post is part of the Wednesday Hero Blogroll. For more information about Wednesday Hero, or if you would like to post it on your site, you can go here.
Do I want tonal and moody, or light and airy? Can't have it both ways. The tonal approach will give me a grittier, more somber, and perhaps a more timeless feel. On the other hand, the lighter, bluer shadows imply that I have a blue sky above the buildings, contrasting with the orange afternoon light. It implies a particular time of day, a particular kind of light, and that my intent would have to be to suggest that that's important. Is it about the color temperature shifts, or the patterns and shapes of the shadows?
7. I hope to make a change in the world. I want to always be inspired and always be working toward something. God gives each of us at least one gift and it is up to us to grow and use it as much as we can. I hope my writings inspire others.
It's getting frustrating and I'm running out of excuses.
The second is of Griff at 5:30 this am and his cowlicks! Ha!
About two days ago I sent C a link to the blog “Stuff White People Do.” When I returned from Xingnan, he told me to come on so he could talk about his ex-girlfriend issues. When he paused for breath, I asked him if he had seen the link I sent him.
It’s My Life was released in January of 1984 from their second studio album of the same name. It went to #31 on Billboard’s Hot 100 and to #1 on Hot Dance Club Play. After not charting well in the UK, it was re-released on their greatest hits album in 1990 and finally went to #13.
8. Otarie
Sometimes vehicle accidents happen so fast that one cannot anticipate it, other times again one can see it coming and the driver then tries to avoid it by breaking, swerving, etc. If he is lucky he avoids the accident. It requires skill and experience to avoid most accidents. Some accidents are anticipated well in advance, but still cannot be avoided, like when the breaks fail, while the fuel pedal is stuck at the same time.
Pinning a non-watermarked image CAN be a violation of that Stamp Company's TOU.
3 cups rolled oats
A: Other blogs like Patheos actually scrub out XHTML/HTML5 syntax, so simply use the snippets below (you’ll notice that only a single “/” is omitted for each):
Wait, what? Yule - you know...Yule? The holiday that some people celebrated waaayyy before that poor wee baby was born in a pile of hay? Evergreens ring a bell? Holly? Ivy? Mistletoe??
So we meet for lunch every now and then when I can lure her out into the real world. She looks seventy and she's just turned fifty.
A famous experiment involved randomly giving students a gift consisting of either a coffee mug or a candy bar. When offered the chance to trade, few wanted to exchange for the alternative gift. Of course, none of the participants had been told that the coffee mug had had a tiny hole drilled into its base, or that the candy bar had been sitting in direct sunlight for 45 continuous days.
This Charles Platt piece about Philip K Dick's posthumously published notes reminded me of this fantastic, fascinating Philip K Dick speech which I've probably linked to before, perhaps several times, but that's ok, because I like to reread it every now and then. It is a look at genius touched by madness.
Don't let her opinion sway you though. This risotto is silky smooth, a bit sweet and pairs nicely with a grilled steak or chop. I tend to get risotto fatigue and just make mushroom risotto, so I'm happy to have found another variety we like. And I'll get little one to try it again... I may have lost the battle but...
It was inevitable, I suppose, that after two of my daughters spent time on the couch this week with fever and vomiting that the third would get sick, as well. I sent her to bed Friday night with the beginnings of a fever.
Slowly forgetting, slowly healing.
So I have to rethink my plans – either to find events without a strict time limit (some let walkers start out sooner), or just stick with 5K’s and maybe 10K’s, or maybe be serious about running practice with the idea that I’ll get better. But I truly can’t imagine going from an 18 minute mile to a 13 minute mile. I was jogging almost the whole way yesterday!
According to the media reports, some 400 people, including opposition leaders, were arrested during the Sunday protest.
if I could come back new
During the day I made a quinoa salad, but it was a bit of a flop. Oh well. With some serious tweaking it could still be good... Speaking of food, I'm seriously considering becoming vegan. It would be a big change though, so that's why I'm thinking a lot before making the decision! Also, my mom's friend knows of a vegetarian cooking course nearby. I think it's probably a very basic one, though, but I'm going to look into it anyway.
An old friend I haven’t seen in 8 years was in town recently, so we did a lot of chatting and catching up. We were talking about this writer in the local newspaper who is a complete ditz who likes to fill her word count quota with incoherent babbling and opinions she stole from Reddit… and I caught myself referring to her as “ugly”.
There are some interesting facts about dreaming that you may not be aware of. These facts include:
What's ironic is that we are from the Philippines and we know everyone, unlike my other cousins and uncles and aunt who just met each other for the first time. (even though as I said, they all live here in SoCal.)
Being outdoors more and running around with James in the backyard has helped me get a little tan, but when I really want to get nice color fast, I turn to my favorite spray tan from Victoria's Secret- Instant Bronze Body Spray. I couldn't find it on Victoria's Secret website anymore (where it sold for about $10) but found a link to it on Ebay (2 for $44). If you find it somewhere else cheaper let me know:)
Katie Pavlich has written an extraordinary expose, “Fast and Furious: Barack Obama’s Bloodiest Scandal and its Shameless Cover-Up” (Regnery Publishing). Pavlich, a reporter with extensive contacts within the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF) she has meticulously documented a story that should result in contempt of Congress action against Attorney General Eric Holder and possibly Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, Janet Napolitano as well.....
This is one of my favorite Bible verses, and this drawing seems somewhat light-hearted to me even though the colors are rather dark. (It does look a little like two guys who are getting an electric shock!)
a bet . He then pulled her up and bent her over holding her hair and
So why am I now having a problem with her flowery cataracts?
You can virtually put money on the likelihood that riots will occur no matter what the outcome of the indictment of Martin Zimmerman. They will not advance the cause of justice.
Patricia painted the farmhouse!
2½ cups/300 g all-purpose/plain flour
Obama lauded you; that urged you on,
Here are a few others I sampled:
When I was about 13, I was invited by a friend of mine to attend church with her. She went to a big, impressive Southern Baptist church that had just opened a cool new family activity center that had a gym, an indoor running track, classrooms, etc. Other friends of ours attended this church, and so I thought nothing of it when I agreed to accompany her family to a few worship services. Since my family didn't "do" church, the only way I was going to go to church at all was going to be by tagging along with another family who did.
And then the print book. I won't go over the Createspace v Lulu debacle. Suffice it to say that the process for a POD book is similar, though the formatting is different (of course). And you get a proof of your lovely book to hold, and smell, and wave at people, and remind you how clever you are writing all this ... and then you have to read it, looking for mistakes. Yes - you really do. I know, you've read it so often your eyes bleed at the first sentence, but this is the last chance to find typos. (Someone suggested reading it backwards - which worked for me. I meant I didn't skip bits because I knew them too well.)
Suddenly I can’t breathe, I’m falling to my knees
But, at the end of the day, the issue that kept nagging at me, was simply that it’s not the way I intended to travel Africa. I wanted to be out, hating life while cramped on local transport, getting stranded on the outskirts of random villages when the minibus breaks down, meeting locals in countries like D.R.C. and Burundi, and basically having adventures and stories I find to be worth retelling. I wanted to be out, riding the 3-4 day train from Dar Es Salaam to Zambia, volunteering with the IAPF (International Anti-Poaching Foundation) in Zimbabwe, and basically, having the freedom to make my own choices. I have never been a fan of the Contiki/Busabout type tours, where a bunch of travellers pile onto a bus and rush through an area, spending 1 night here, 1 there, drunk a lot of the time, and shopping the rest. As someone who has only observed, it appears that, on those tours, you see a place but don’t “see” it, and the overland trucks remind me of that, just with a grittier marketing angle. After all, it’s a truck, not a bus.
Using cliché/vague phrases: ‘Then a manipulated act sets a chain reaction of grim events into motion,’ could be said about anything; The Wizard of Oz, Titanic, Harry Potter, Winnie the Pooh, Prada & Prejudice, Northanger Abbey, etc. What sets YOUR book apart?
A self-indulgent post this morning, one of my favourite all-time Arsenal players with an enduring and enjoyable Highbury memory, a moment that can be conjured from the mists of time without any trouble whatsoever.
Usually this goes away, but there’s got to be a way of helping them through this rough time.
But this one kind of takes the cake in my opinion. My friend Tara saw this yesterday while driving home from work. Actually saw this happen and luckily enough for all of us, took a photo. I'm not sure I would have believed her it if she didn't have photo evidence. And now I'm pretty jealous that she actually got to see it happen in real life.
Under New Labour, as General Secretaries basked in the warm glow of "access" to Government Ministers - and happily imagined influence they did not have - the TUC tried and tried to get back to the position of power it had previously enjoyed - often by acting as a cut price ACAS to try to broker deals rather than support affiliates.
While I have attempted to respond in a manner befitting the feedback we received, I do not wish to give you the impression that your observations and concerns have been disregarded or taken lightly.
5) The sound of a radio playing in the middle of an empty field. It seems to be coming from under the ground.
-Bedtime
appreciation luncheon
"Let's hope," she said.
Yet Europe as a whole is a game nearing mate, much of the population turned or innocent and those suffering from awareness harried or thwarted at every turn, so it is perhaps time for those with a global ambition to turn to other lands, to other cultures and endeavour to conquer, using the self-same methods of yesteryear. So they look east, they look to that vast, vast area of resource and they find an easy target, poverty wracks most and indeed so inhospitable are areas to some that resource gathering is seen as a blessing by local people and indeed much of the ruling class of the east has achieved its position due to the riches earned by selling such resources, yet living under the harsh sun must undoubtedly lead one to become resolute, stubborn and there are those over there who refuse at point of death to submit to an alien kind. Over here in Europe much of the conquering was done by those like ourselves, kings, queens and governments were bought and sold and all upper levels of social groups infiltrated in order to triumph, yet over there in the east it is not so easy and those who desire their lands look alien, which indeed they are and so nationalism ,which is not solely the preserve of the white man raises its head.
Through behoving and unbehoving;
Lover Revealed by J.R. Ward
No one around me was as obsessed about trash as I was (or knew anything about waste reduction) at the time, so I had to find info, 'allies' and support online... in books and from my Granny too, and some other older ladies... (they had great tips and info on living almost-zero-waste before this crazy era of throwaway consumption!!)
I'm keen to try other brands of nail transfers now so you might see some more of these reviewed in the future - anyone have a favourite brand or recommendations for me to try?
I guess this is something of an achievement, something to be proud of. Me, a stalwart. Two people. Two distinct and separate occasions. In fact it's possibly even a little bit cool because both people were talking about me being a stalwart of the doof scene. When they had first started going to outdoor parties, I was there, an entrenched part of the scene, and here I was all this time later still going strong when many other former stalwarts had lost some of their stalwartiness. I was a rock. You could count on me. Definitely, this was something to feel good about.
But before I get into that, I would like to share a few more of our video contest entries with you! Time is running out, so get them in by Feb. 29th! Competition is really good this year, and you can see even more videos at our YouTube channel here. Remember, it can simply be a still picture of children using our products. You can send your videos to contest@heidisongs.com or upload them via MailBigFile (http://free.mailbigfile.com/) to easily send larger files up to 200mb. For the complete rules, click here.
Slice onions and place on top.
An editor by profession but an historian by inclination, Juliana Ross lives in Toronto, Canada, with her husband and young children. In her spare time she cooks for family and friends, makes slow inroads into her weed patch of a garden, and reads romance novels (the steamier the better) on her eReader.
Patrick Bateman: Yes it is! In '87, Huey released this, Fore, their most accomplished album. I think their undisputed masterpiece is "Hip to be Square", a song so catchy, most people probably don't listen to the lyrics. But they should, because it's not just about the pleasures of conformity, and the importance of trends, it's also a personal statement about the band itself.
Happy Leap Year from Susan Marlowe CPA! I always get a little bit of a jolt from seeing 2/29 on my calendar. Anyway, here is some news from the world of Susan Marlowe:
OS X Lion Ultimatum – Simply the best theme ever.
In my musings over this I’ve decided that at least from my own perspective power is not how much money you have or how famous you are or even how worthy your projects are; power is your moral and spiritual strength. Its how you view and operate in the world 24/7/365 and beyond. True power is to use said power for the good of yourself, your loved ones and others, even those who are completely different from us. Sometimes power is in what we don’t do, or how we stay in control even if we don’t feel like it. And finally, sometimes, power is in how we love ourselves, others, and the world itself. At the end of the day, authentic power is our ability to love.
I was having a really bad day. I had barely slept the night before because being scheduled for an early shift hadn't made me any less nocturnal. I hadn't gotten anything to eat either. I forgot to pack a lunch and I was stalwartly holding out on buying something because working for $3.25 an hour plus a paltry amount of tips kind of makes you reluctant to purchase a $10 hamburger if you don't absolutely have to.
How Heath used Hughie Green’s TV show as propaganda to bolster support for British membership (of Europe).
Wow, if that is not divisive, I do not know what is.
"You have no idea how fired you are, you little prick dickler. If I could legally deliver your pink slip in the form of a jigsaw puzzle composed of pieces made from the skin of your children, I would."
I am tired and I must rest
The precum was streaming from my cock and my cock was in the rigor mortis of extreme arousal. I held the back of her head to my nipple as I moaned quietly and let the thick erotic euphoria wash over me. As the divine rapture took control of me I lost control of my limbs. I was immobilized on the bed. I couldn’t have walked or moved if I wanted to; all I could do was create and sense pleasure. That pleasure was so pure and clear that it rushed through me like a cascade of clean clear water rushing down a stream from a mountain top relentless to the sea. I was nothing more than a pebble in that torrent; my asshole was puckering and pulsing and my prostate throbbing each time I hit the bottom of the riverbed.
We had to move it from where it was, to high up on our flat roof (where we have seen the squirrels sitting on it, eating), because Lincoln was not happy about it being in the garden.
For most people, love is something fragrant, sweet, and pleasant; a source of strength that provides the will to live on. But for others, the love that comes into their lives is just a shiny shadow which appears beautiful and alluring. However, trying to capture it could be a mistake that will draw one into a whirlpool of darkness. An inescapable mistake in which innocent bystanders would end up getting dragged down as well.
To arrive
The shooting suspect is "talking a lot, claiming his jihadist convictions" and calling himself a "mujahedeen," Gueant said.
That nice bloke went in the back of the shop, and brought out a used Canon lens.
Factor A white ?
for many generations and in diverse places.
Other booths will feature local vendors specializing in dog products and organizations that provide special training for animals including the Dock Dogs, search and rescue, and stock and hunting dogs.
She began to step around him in the air, spinning occasionally, dancing to some unheard beat.
*love to stick your tongue out
Elizabethtown Kentucky
On came striker Danny Welbeck for the ineffective Park Ji-Sung to provide support for the frustrated Wayne Rooney and United were transformed for a short period as the edginess returned to the hosts.
She shifted on her seat, well aware that nothing would banish the ache short of standing up, and there was a knot in her spine that warned her how bad an idea that would be. One thing she did envy her prisoner was the mattress on his cot in the cell. Hard by mattress standards, certainly, but he showed no signs of discomfort despite having sat there since not long after Pevan's shift started.
“I need to itemize for mana!” protested Jagred.
I wish that sparkles would show better in photographs for this is a very sparkly mermaid. I used Kindy Glitz glitter glue on her tail and her starfish hair piece and the DP has beautiful sparkly swirls.
"Joy!"
I'm so excited to have him grow up with all this stuff that I've picked out just for him.
Each family member has their signature food that they bring.
If a guy is coming at you with a gun in his hand shoot him. Shoot him right then. If you don't shoot first you may not shoot at all. I have known more than one person who was shot and received life changing injuries and also shot their attacker. Their only regret was not shooting sooner. Like Bill Jordan said "Nothing disturbs your enemy's aim like a slug delivered to the belt buckle area".
so it will be at the coming of the Son of Man.
Americans, who take for granted their domestic tranquillity, can’t afford to finesse the fate of the dying Christian civilization at the tip of Africa. Into The Cannibal’s Pot compels them to stare into “The Heart of Darkness” that is the New South Africa, and by so doing, offers a cautionary tale: in their unqualified paeans to the will of the majority everywhere, Americans must understand that traditionally Western legal institutions, however flawed, are preferable to institutions riven by tribal feuds, fetishes, and factional loyalties.
01.Gump (Original Mix) 07:24
You couldn’t make it up. But we’ve had enough. To quote from another of my songs: “It’s time to grab the Goldmen by their Sachs!”
The characters are what makes this such an exceptional book because they are just so real. Cousins uses so many tiny details to bring the boys to life and they're definitely two of my favourite characters of this year. I was absolutely rooting for them from the outset, which make the book so much more enjoyable than if I'd only had lukewarm feelings for them. Caring about the characters raises the stakes and makes the outcome of the novel so much more important and I was really hoping things worked out as well as possible for Jay and Laurence.
Remember how you laughed at those folks loading up at the supermarket yesterday?
Little did they know their quest to throw me an injured curve would boomerang.
Bottled soft drinks (like Coca-Cola from India, with the label in Hindi script) are available, but I recommend washing down Wo with Chang, or homemade rice beer. It's mild, smooth, never gives me a headache, and is very cheap.
I had to ask Farmers to send me another check, which I deposited in my own bank account, and then sent another check to the lender.
Delia knows firsthand that sticking her nose in a criminal investigation can lead to trouble. After all, it’s what landed her in juvie in the first place. This time she’s an adult and the consequences could be much worse. Even if she doesn’t end up in prison, the FBI certainly doesn’t look kindly on applicants who’ve been charged with obstruction of justice. The smart thing to do would be to just walk away. Then again, Delia’s never been known as someone who can just let things go.
I am really fond of these bottom lashes!! They're so natural and I love the accent towards the outer portion of the lash band :D I think they look better on my eyes than the 13 Baby Girl ones. I was a fan of the Diamon Lash Lovely Eye bottom lash, but these ones are a lot nicer because the quality is better and I think I prefer the lashes to be more straight, rather than curled. They go well with both the Diamond Lash and Dolly Wink upper lashes, so I would be happy to wear them with either.
Grandma lay down and I sat beside her. Debbie told me Grandma would probably try to get up, but not to let her because she might fall. A woman from hospice was there. Linda and Debbie sat with the woman at the dining room table, talking quietly and crying as I sat with Grandma.
And so we’re now in pursuit of Ebsco, although we have no desire for conquest. We don’t want their heads. We just want a fair acknowledgement of the value of our years of work at H. W. Wilson, the fruits of which will continue to benefit Ebsco for many years to come.
“Judaism had already produced a long line of pseudonymous apocalyptic writings, and, while Christian works of the first century were, at any rate in general, not pseudonymous, it was not unnatural that in the second century, when the Church had begun to look back to its early leaders in something like the way in which the Jews looked back to the patriarchs and prophets, and to regard their writing as Scripture, someone believing firmly that he had a message of burning relevance to the Church and such as the Apostles, had they still been alive, would have wholeheartedly approved…”[48]
The problem with holding a LMSW and having mental health issues is this:
Jack the Ripper ends up killing some patients of the hospital soon after they are released. Abbie begins having visions of these murders as they occur. It takes Abbie a while to realize this, then when she gets a vision, she immediately tries to intervene, with little success. There's more than visions in Ripper, but I'll let you discover the other paranormal aspects for yourself.
There's no way an outsider can tell how much the reporting side of the paper has been affected by the influence of the Murdoch dynasty. But any reader can twig that orders have gone out from Supreme Headquarters, Murdoch Expeditionary Force to Barron's copyeditors who write the headlines: "You shall invariably find a metaphor related to the business of the company, even if you must scrape the bottom of the barrel deeper than mankind has yet ventured."
of all unused flash Accounts, flash .net would be
UPDATE #1:
I am bummed I can't attend the two Zumba classes they added to the schedule. Work interferes with one... and the other interferes with my training schedule. I train with Adam at 9am on Saturdays... Zumba is at 815... don't think I can do 2 hours on Saturdays. Not yet anyway. Boo hiss.
the wintry
Douglas Birkinshaw (Lab) 1,262
Okay I will do that to,
When Jesus warns “do not judge,” He doesn’t mean we should never assess moral behavior. Rather, he warns against self-righteous and hypocritical judgments. When you judge, take the log out of your own eye first. This is something we Christians need to work on. But notice that Jesus is not saying it is never right to judge, He is explaining how we are to judge rightly.
Because He gave us a free will, He does not impose these latter gifts upon us, but instead, they are offered to us free of any obligation or condemnation. Our salvation is not contingent on our acceptance of the Promise of the Father – it must be by our own choice – our choice of becoming His partners in the work He continues to do in this world to bring more of humankind to Himself. There is only one pre-condition, you must be a child of God through repentance and baptism (cf., Acts 2:38) in order to be considered an inheritor of the Kingdom and the empowerment that comes with it (cf., “The Kingdom of God Our Spiritual Inheritance”).
Producer : Mutyala Anjaneyulu
08. You Gotta Move
As you know, Gentle Reader, I have just started writing stories again. I am working on one now, that features a ghost that haunts a china cabinet. My heroine, the owner of the antique store where the cabinet is currently on sale, has just found a packet of letters stuck at the back of the bottom of the lowest drawer. The letters date from the 1800's, and she is just starting to look for any family members.
Elina
6. Have an eye to the future and remember that you must live together until death, and must be the companions of each other’s lives, and the comforts of each other’s lives, and then you will see how absurd it is for you to disagree and upset each other.(21)
Last night I set out all my running stuff and remembered to plug in my iPod and everything and went to bed early. And then of course I slept until 7. And rocketed out of bed yelling "OHMYGODeveryoneupwe'rerunninglategahhhhhhhh!!" and hustled through the morning.
For the croutons, in a small bowl mix together the olive oil and garlic powder.
Gonna have to talk to hubby about this.... hehe
Upping Your Level of Professionalism by Jennifer Shaw Wolf from Adventures in YA and Children's Publishing. Peek: "...when I write it’s not just about me...anymore. I have an agent who’s waiting to sell my next book. I have an editor who has to answer to a marketing department and a slew of other people about how my book is going to make the company money."
As the child was trying to leave on his crutches, a drunk man stumbled into him and grabbed the little boy's hair and pulled him to the ground. Boy was that funny! It was lucky the drunk man was not hurt, but the child broke his fall.
2 speechless
Make sure to download That Guy King’s mix tape, entitled ‘#2012′. It was released 12/02 and has already had more than 200 downloads!
I hadn’t found a publisher when I stumbled upon Sinclair Sexsmith’s call for submissions. Faced with the shorter length requirement, I initially resisted being unable to share the whole story. I considered writing something else, but the personal connections were too important to me. I moved the session to a more intimate venue and did some other tweaking for the anthology. Now, I’m looking forward to polishing the rest.
It's burger week here at Penny Pinching Provisions...well, at least it might seem that way. I have a backup of recipes to post, so I thought since I have a couple of burgers I would post them all this week. Everyone loves burgers for their summer cookouts, right?
Two subtle but significant tweaks have been made to design since my unfortunate encounter in Bath. First, the mainframe hinge was redesigned in the 2003 increasing the wheelbase a little.
And humankind, he can but shun
First of all, would like to post this super late post which is happening on month of December, 2011 (if no mistaken). I was kind of lazy, so . . . please forgive me okays! What so special about this food session is that 2 bowl of sauce!
PAXMAN: 5 YEARS AGO?!? Pasty pasty. SHUT 5 YEARS AGO!
Essentially, Ball acknowledges that it does indeed use epoxy linings that may contain BPA in its cans, and says there is no good alternative at the moment.
I have more than just one friend, therefore, she is one of many. This makes the name in the original sentence vital because without it, you wouldn’t know which friend I am talking about. What do we do with sentences like this? We don’t use commas.
But Mrs Harrington adopted a much more demure look for the preliminary hearing in Edinburgh, dressing in smart and sombre black clothing.
May 6 Kiwanis Club (101 Spruce) 8 p.m.
(Philip always pretended that he was not lame.)
“She’s been approved by a certain church to attend Sunday services, and I anticipate that that recommendation will be forthcoming from her doctors,” Yates’ attorney George Parnham told ABCNews.com. He would not name the church.
Square periods and blue drab at least as opposed to white in appearance.
CFR Director Peter Ackerman is Chairman of the Board of Trustees at
The truth is though, not all of us will find 1,000 followers—at least not for a long time. It takes a lot of work and stick-to-itiveness, very much akin to building a writing career. It will also depend HUGELY on your genre and who your ultimate audience is. Genres that are able to interact directly with their audience online (YA, romance, fantasy) will be able to build a following faster than those who rely on gatekeepers (PB, MG).
- My Wife says: WHY ISN’T HOARDERS ON????
9. Take what's offered.
Bobbing Plums in Wet Rice.
they were a decorous race on both sides,
I'm going to make my own.
Invisible Children was founded in 2004, with the film crew filming in Uganda in 2003. Watching Invisible Children is watching old news. Will watching it alert you to what has occurred in Uganda? Yes, but it will not let you know what is happening there today.
More importantly I gained a new insight: If you persevere you can aquire the knowledge to gain any new skill. If you are ahead of the game you can then teach it and learn even more along the way.
7/10- Very good, would defiantly recommend
I bake the bread, you gimme the crust
In Frisyr i London, All the songs are in Swedish, but my female singer cannot read Swedish. So you can not hear Swedish but English words in the demos of F.I.L..
We love you Gracie girl!
To tell you the truth, I was going to buy a new pair of shoes to start my daily walking, but I couldn't guarantee this whole exercise and eating healthy thing would last more than a few days so I didn't! Most of the time, our good intentions are thwarted by opportunity. The snacks in the cupboard, the ice-cream in the freezer, the morning tea at church. The trashy novel that we haven't finished, our favourite TV shows, magazines, music or the internet.
Secret Avengers #26
Therefore, the argument runs, as newco ended the season as “Rangers” it is entitled to start the new season as “Rangers” too! As newco is not in administration, and indeed as newco might not have existed when oldco committed the offences for which the SFA, so far, has levied punishment, how can newco be penalised with, for example, a transfer embargo?
I close my eyes and concentrate. Not here. Please, God, not here. I have flown halfway across the world to escape this. It isn't real. It's just a figment of my imagination. I can get past this.
now it’s an enemy disguised. His show,
Home Planet:
For those of you who have never seen Emperor’s New Groove, Kronk (the big guy) has been ordered by the evil Empress to get rid of the current Emperor, Kuzco (guy in bag down stream), so that she may take over the throne. That’s where we find our troubled friend. After he carries out what was ordered he begins to have second thoughts and discusses with his good side and bad side about his decision.
weeks ago when I lost the most. I mean to the tenth!
This is now a highly-prized possession. It’s an original 1970s pre-recorded audio cassette, featuring the 1974 live album Ella in London, by the great jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald. It was bought by my Mother either at or shortly after an Ella Fitzgerald performance she went to see. I don’t know what year the performance my Mom went to see took place, but it would have been mid ’70s – no later than 1977 I’m sure. That period is all very hazy for me because I was so young and I wasn’t really taking in detailed information, but I do remember my Mom raving on about Ella Fitzgerald for literally months. The event clearly had a big impact on her.
Just a quick post.
As Mother Earth gently reawakens and new life springs forth all around us, let us remember who we truly are and allow that Divine spark that flows within all life to lift us up from our long sleep and into the world we have all been wishing and dreaming of!
1088 ***D-X/20/1990. “Predecessors to the American Bill of Rights of 1791.” Chicago Metro History Fair, The Newberry Library, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-6, above, pp. 22-32, 395-97 (1995).)
It's no secret that I love Anthropologie. Just walking through one of their stores can put me in a good mood. I love all of their home decor stuff but I'm also a big fan of their clothing. I always find such great, unique pieces there.
Visa payWave uses EMV chip technology, which provides enhanced security and protection from fraud. Visa payWave transactions are processed through the same secure and reliable network used for all Visa transactions.
Jacobs picked up the phone and dialed the morgue.
The first tab, however, only contains the Maple Equipment for this year, which are all for level 79 and have different stats (list of stats will be given, read on). Equipment in addition to weapon scrolls, again, that give 7~9 ATT.
Again there are some flowers are not as long lasting as others . We will talk about flowers that last longer next time.
The commission will have the power to intervene in any proceedings involving alleged violations of human rights, to visit jails nationwide and to appoint special investigation teams of officers from police and other law enforcement agencies.
You're ugly. There's something wrong with you. Perhaps your thighs, perhaps your nose. Maybe it is your crooked teeth or your bow legs.
That was not much of a defense, the deputies decided, and they got permission to search the couple’s residence. They found a bong with marijuana residue, according to the report, and they then asked Smith and Moore if they would agree to a drug test.
Design is challenged with new business models, long tail markets, new networked organisations, diffused distribution, non-technological innovation, that are underpinned by new ways to manufacture and design products and services. Creative practitioners are increasingly working both through direct creative input and through facilitating new processes. Design and creativity can in fact rethink and give meaning to tools and technologies that help people connect, understand, share and create. Design is also taking the position of facilitator and enabler where in the past it was a technological gatekeeper.
Meanwhile, Deputy Minister in the Prime Minister’s Department Datuk T. Murugiah said the public complaints bureau under his supervision had received 27 complaints against the novel.
Oh for fuck’s sake.
In the shared insight fostering attainment
Some friends introduced to me the company Whole Woman about the time Rixa posted about reviewing the Laselle exercisers. For Christmas, I purchased the First Aid for Prolapse DVD. It’s a good thing I did; I started using the Laselle exerciser before I purchased the DVD, and it became much more effective after learning the principles taught in the DVD.
you want me to touch your ripples
The shell was a thing of beauty, held in the hand of my beautiful daughter. She found it at the base of a tree, after stopping next to this big sycamore and insisting I take her picture in the silver-white light of a mild winter Saturday afternoon. The shell surprised and delighted us, as it made up for the lack of river glass and freshwater clam shells we had set out to collect.
WARNING WILL NOT EXPAND TO OTHER AREAS OF THE PACIFIC UNLESS
The serious ones showed up early, and worked alone,
and mop clean from the floors human dust and spit,
Sunny hello, it's shining after yesterday's rain. Penny Black's girl in yellow and grey, coloured with ProMarkers. Background is embossed in Cuttlebug's folder. Homemade flower and organza ribbon.
Here we need to use the Ext.form.Panel, and import the Ext.form.FieldSet and Ext.form.Select. Then the usual stuff, create a toolbar, docked it on the top, give it a title “Add Note”, and add a back button and a save button on it, and assign handler to both buttons.
Risen points out that "most of them lived in the United States before going to Afghanistan, leveraging the president's position to put them at the center of a new oligarchy of powerful Afghan families." For example:
The process of creating the trellis is so simple. In fact, my almost 4 year old did it with very little help from me and she had so much fun. Here is what you do. Take two wooden stakes (about 5+ feet tall and drive them into the ground far enough apart that you can plant all your peas in between them. Then take a piece of thin rope and tie it around one post. Next wrap the rope around the other post being sure to pull it pretty tight so it stays in place. Then weave the rope back and forth between the two posts making sure to wrap it around a different part of the post each time. You will create a spider web like trellis for your peas to grow up. Once you have finished weaving the rope back and forth, tie it off and get ready to plant you peas.
Betsy is a Hereford cross and Buzz is a good guess, but looks like he could be a Jersey. He is still a bull for now and needs to have his horns dealt with, but he is friendly and loves being scratched and schmoozed... His eye was all watery for the second picture, but had cleared up by that afternoon.
We've been sent purple lights highlighting the dome on at least two occasions, we've shown how the Basilica gives tacit approval of homosexuals by participating in a booth of area churches that are ,promoting, not so much as admonishing sinners who have fallen to the sin of Sodomy as is the duty of the pastor and his staff.
In case where there are no existing patents, but only patent applications, it is common to provide that the licence terminate after an agreed-on period, such as three to five years, unless a patent or patents issue during that period. The licensee should negotiate for this provision in such cases.
2010.09.16 Pakistan Khar 2 0 Islamic militants attack a home, killing two people inside, including a teen.
Less coverage has been given to the statements of the Foreign Ministers of Italy and Germany who emphasize that further efforts are underway to ameliorate and expiate the brutal acts giving rise to the legal actions.
When God promises to respond to the believing prayers of His people, that’s what He means. No family problem lies beyond the reach of prayer. “Thus says the Lord … ‘Call to Me, and I will answer you, and show you great and mighty things, which you do not know’” (Jer. 33:2-3).
HSV Managing Director Phil Harding believes that the new E3 region has reached a new level of sophistication and continues the company's long history of innovation.
Well, many kinds of genres like folk, twee pop, chamber pop, hard rock and even noise music are mixed up in the music of Pigibit5. Kitsch might be the best short description. We also would like to put our music as crazy and stupid parody or pastiche of the music that passed through the youth.
Info on the Halloween Parade on Albemarle to come.
Sneakers ears tips are usually cold, which surprises me, and for a while there they were not. So I was monitoring him carefully and could tell he was very warm all over. He seems better now. So I think the worst is over.
inevitably alone.
At some point or another, we all find ourselves as writers clinging to the inspiration bestowed upon us by the over-glamorized and dramatized magazine industry as it is seen in movies, such as The Devil Wears Prada and Confessions of a Shopaholic. During these movies, editors like Miranda Priestly (with Meryl Streep paralleling Vogue‘s fierce editrix Anna Wintour) reap havoc on their assistants with their ferocious, insatiable demands and expectations. I’m sorry — or pleased, maybe — to say this is not the case.
These are the conditions that led to the mother of all budgets.
Plesner’s art has continued to focus on Darfur and she has more recently created a larger painting after Picasso’s Guernica entitled Darfurnica. The African boy with Louis Vuitton “Audra” handbag is again visible but this time the bag is a small part of a much larger artistic work which contains a variety of famous figures, trade marks and other fashion accessories. Louis Vuitton was not amused and it once again made an ex parte application, this time to a court in The Hague.
"In my judgment," Shinseki wrote to the leaders of the Senate Armed Services Committee, "such a comparison will provide marginal insights, while placing a significant drain on very limited resources, including money, time, readiness and soldiers."
I LOVE ME! I LOVE YOU! And, just to prove the power of positive vibrations does exist, I will gain 15 pounds this year (which would be an all-time high), I will finish a 5K race in less than an hour this year (I am a smoker and a junkie, keep in mind), and I will help Michael Janflone sell 32000 copies of Long Sleeved Summers this year (and I have no idea what I’m doing as far as book promotions). Just because! I’m not really a New Year’s Resolution type of guy, but I’m going to do it just to show that WE determine what is, and what isn’t possible, and it is only up to US! And, because I know it, I will do all of the above, barely breaking a sweat in the process. And, I wish all of you the best in achieving whatever it is you would like to achieve this year! Actually, not that I am officially out of hiding, and interacting with the real world, keep me posted on your progress. You know I’ll be keeping you posted!
A NOTE ON HIJIKI Hijiki seaweed is quite miraculous stuff with the highest known concentration of calcium of anything on the planet! Dairy is NOT at particularly good source of calcium, despite what the animal consuming world wants you to believe. On a list of about 40 sources of calcium (pg 223 of Pitchford’s Healing with Whole Foods), Milk is 26th on the list. Per 100 g or 3.5 oz edible portion Milk has 119 mg of calcium to Hijiki’s 1,400 mg! That’s nearly 12x difference! On that list, the first 4 calcium sources are common seaweeds and the 5th is brick cheese. Just what the dairy lobby doesn’t want you to know… a cheap weed growing in the ocean steals the show. Imagine if people ate more seaweed to get their calcium instead of drinking milk? No more lactaid to produce! Seaweeds pull CO2 out of the atmosphere and ocean and produce O2 (b/c they are plants after all), so it’s totally GREEN. Eating seaweeds encourages people to harvest it and grow it on nets floating in the ocean, a decent source of income for small coastal communities. Seaweeds are also good sources of iodine, which we need for our endocrine function, specifically the thyroid. All you folks with slow metabolism, start eating seaweed! It also supports your kidney and adrenal function! Just keeps getting better and better.
Art tells gorgeous lies that come true.
Let them dry and voila! Now, we're not quite done yet. Sometimes when the package of tiles says 1" and what your computer & printer prints as 1" can vary slightly. Be prepared to trim away any excess using scissors or a craft knife. Also, you will want to glue a bale to the back of your creation to turn it into a pendant. Other options could be turning these little gems into magnets or pins/brooches. Even a fancy shmancy tic-tac-toe game if that's what you want to do.
The candidates must meet the following conditions:
Today, I thought about some of the things I’m thankful for:
The police are entrusted with protecting the inhabitants of South Africa and with upholding and enforcing the law. Whilst the majority of police officers are law abiding and are at the forefront of the fight against crime, we simply cannot tolerate a scenario in which certain South African Police Service (SAPS) officers are perpetrators of grievous crimes themselves.
Also: calm down, seriously.
The pathetic thing is that I won’t get really serious about sorting out Babby’s sleep associations til I have figured out this important issue.
I am happy to say that I did not cut into a single piece of new paper to make this card. My scrap files are beginning to overflow so I really need to do this more often!
“It is, isn’t it? Oh, thank you, Fairy Godmother!” Cinderella smiled and bolted into the coach. “I shall remember this night for always.”
She is conscious of my unwaking world. And yet, respectful of my privacy in that special place. She allows my mistakes and seems to anticipate their design as they form on my lips.
"That's a lie, Vus. You're not a woman, how do you know what I need?"
And the books go to:
If you are in the mood to explore some of the city’s Irish heritage, you can head over to the Historic District, and enjoy some Irish food and Celtic music.
One of Many Anxious Working Mothers
2) The DREAM Act provides safe harbor for any alien, including criminals, from being removed or deported if they simply submit an application.
I’m glad Cascade makes this First Harvest Ale. I like that a brewery that is seen as more ‘mainstream’ than ‘craft’ can produce good quality inexpensive beer for the average punter but can also honour its own heritage with a beer that is well crafted, full of interest and flavour – and is limited in its release so that its arrival is anticipated and welcomed, without causing too much fuss.
This turning of five for my last-born is like a mark on the door of my motherhood. One day he was four, and now he is five. Though it didn't happen suddenly, it seems that one minute ago I had babies and now I don't.
“A record with whom?” asked Cardone, a frequent flier who is worried that he’s on some no-fly list. He said the letter “has a lot of Big Brother in it.”
I’m proud of myself that I didn’t loose it, that I was calm the entire time. The only time I yelled was when she ran into the road. Oh, and when she tried to put the straw she found in the dirt into her mouth. And when she was horsing around at the top of the slide and almost fell off. Gah. I guess I yelled a lot. I need to figure out how to get her to listen better, so we can go and do things, like go to the park alone, without difficulties. Without meltdowns.
“Nice haircut, Madison!”
Because it’s all about one objective: ASSIMILATION. The sooner we get off the reserve, the sooner they push the Land Management Agreement on us, & the sooner we accept these and start living in the cities or start selling our land then the agreements that were signed over a hundred years ago will be null and void. We as a people, with our Aboriginal rights and Treaty rights will cease to exist, and this would make the government really happy. So take these cuts for what they are an attack on us as a people. So pick up your pen or whatever and write a letter to the Minister of Health, write to your local MP’s these are just the cuts we can see, what about the ones that we won’t see until we have to see a doctor and need medication or worse a medical procedure and we have to shell out. Enough is enough! Let’s not sit back and be passive about these things anymore. If we let them get away with this we open the door for more, cuz if you give the government an inch they are gonna take a mile. Otherwise if we do nothing then the governments position holds true, the only good ndn is a dead ndn….
What is it like to be a bit deaf? Firstly, it is normal – for me. We all take our sensory perception – good or bad – for granted. Compared with a dog, even the most sharp-eared of us have hearing loss. Compared with the 80-mile stare of a vulture, the best of us are partially sighted. (OK, human beings are not like animals, not least because of our extraordinary capacity for imaginative identification. You are perhaps doing it right now: what is it like to hear through someone else’s ears?) And mystics through the ages have tried to point out that sense data is not the same as what we have come to think of, purely out of habit, as reality. In The God Delusion (London: Bantam Press, 2006, pp. 405–6) Richard Dawkins goes for a strikingly odd metaphor that defines the limits of human perception as what we can see through the opening of a burqa. Science, he says, opens up the window so wide ‘the imprisoning black garment drops away almost completely, exposing our senses to airy and exhilarating freedom.’ In Cambridge we have the excellent and PR-savvy ‘edutainers’ the Naked Scientists, but they wisely conduct their exciting and explosive experiments wearing fully protective if admittedly non-Islamic clothing.
7) Altstadt in Dusseldorf during Brazil/Croatia Game. First off the Altstadt is called the longest bar in the world because of the number of pubs. Secondly, the Alt beer of Dusseldorf was my favorite. Thirdly, the Croats and Brazillians marching around was quite entertaining.
It certainly helps that Tangled features some of the most wondrous imagery seen in an animated Disney film in a long time; one sequence, in which Rapunzel and Flynn declare their love for each other on a river as a mass of lanterns float around them in the air, may be the most sheerly beautiful sequence I've seen in a theater all year (so much so that the forgettable blandness of the Alan Menken/Glenn Slater love ballad featured in the scene doesn't matter). Disney's latest film may not feel like an instant modern animated classic on the order of, say, most Pixar features, The Lion King or Beauty and the Beast, but it still resonates with the same emotional purity as some of the best children's animation in recent years.
I walk into my exam and this is who greets me:
When asked if he would ever blog about different restaurants, he is indignant.
Peter Slatin, John’s brother from New York City
I hit the gym for my normal 8 a.m. class.
series 6 (644-752)
Lost her car at the mall, got locked in a bathroom stall,
05. The End Inc
My artwork will consist of some of these supplies:
The research, published in the Journal of Applied Physiology, challenges the widely accepted dogma that training with heavy weights — which can be lifted only six to 12 times before fatigue — is the best avenue to muscle growth.
I think this book is awesomesauce. I've been reading a lot of books that are similar to it but this one was right on the money! No pun intended.
Can you see her adorable little face? She's the one directly in front of the boy with the dark green shirt with the blue stripe across his chest. This is the portion where the group was singing as a whole. I didn't capture her speaking part.
Striving to be more organized can form habits that are productive in day-to-day activities outside of your craft.
I watched it fall, safely, warmly from behind the window. And then 6 hours later, I stepped out.
My husband tried to scoop G up, but now G was running down the hall yelled “I’m getting my shoes, I want to come too.”
Tofu (fermented)
Some adds tomato sauce, some pours fancy red wine or beer, some throws herbs and even orange zest...
“So, that was quick. She have binoculars and spot you coming?”
And then, when you start to see things shift and flow, begin to claim what is yours, not just in your own sphere, in your own — what we would call your own neighborhood, although your neighborhood is your best and strongest mirror for the changes that are occurring upon your planet. But look beyond. Look to your state, your nation, your continent, and then your world, and then claim, throughout the universe.
Any by "gross", I don't mean any disrespect to the people involved. What I mean is people will die because of the errors.
Shortridge LA. Assessment of menstrual variability in working populations. Reprod Toxicol 1988; 2: 171-176.
Level 29: Weapon ATT: +29, Accuracy: +10%, Proc Rate: 60%, Deals 247% damage 2 times.
I'm a bit pressed for time -- we're very soon leaving on vacation where we will have fun but will also probably grumble a lot because that's just our way. My apologies, but this post is going to be a quick, half-assed list of random happenings culminating in an x-rated drawing. You're welcome.
I clam this crown, not for me, nor my tribe and cora but for mother goddess Gaia and sister Selene.
Combine first 5 ingredients in an ice-filled cocktail shaker. Shake vigorously, and strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish, if desired.
We would love for you to play along with our challenge; after all you're going to need something to do while you wait on your Papertrey Ink order to arrive, right? Perhaps this will inspire you in some way.
'Nooooo,' the green clad figure pleaded, 'pleeeeeeze, nooooooo,' it said over and over.
The U.S. House of Representatives today approved a controversial Internet surveillance bill, rejecting increasingly vocal arguments from critics that it would do more to endanger Americans’ privacy than aid cybersecurity.
“Marriage is long” said the Dowager Countess, “make sure you spend it with the right person.” I thought of this at 3am when I heard our new puppy howling, yelping, crying and I rolled over and nudged my husband awake. After a quick squeeze he got up and made it downstairs to calm the little girl. I fell back to sleep and was jarred awake four hours later with the alarm. I found him downstairs asleep near the crated puppy, also snoring sweetly. My hero.
the chisel is sharp against my fragile flesh
The first time it happened, we were at Qutb Minar in New Delhi.
Old Market Pub & Brewery Portland A Midsummers White Belgian Wit "Belgian Wit called A Midsummer’s White that looks to be a lacy lovely" Or this one. I actually poured it out. Citrus and light. but not in the good way.
as of today, i don't think i'm doing enough. as many couples in todays economic world we have tons to worry about and lots on our minds. i want to get back to where i am fully aware of how lucky i am, in spite of our worries, to be married to my best friend.
On the other hand, he’s a raving nutbar, given to misogynistic rants and fulminations against liberal attitudes. He’s kind of like a more independent and more gender-oriented Frank Miller, in that he has earned both acclaim and scorn from the comics-reading community at large.
Knoll is recognized internationally for creating resident and workplace furnishings that inspire, evolve and endure. Our commitment to innovation and modern design has yielded a comprehensive portfolio of furniture for the home, office systems, seating, files and storage, tables and desks, wood casegoods, textiles and accessories. At Knoll, we watch how the modern office is evolving, and we make furniture that responds and adapts to changing needs. We’re thinking about the emergence of a new workplace climate, the meaning of new workplace planning models and how ecological principles inform our product designs.
Image Ownership
It's impossible to say anything bad about my experience with Topbox.
If you want to start running and you don't have some sort of MP3 Player, go buy one now. Music can be extremely motivating on a run. I change up my play list reguraly and always have a variety of songs on hand to keep me moving. It can also help to clear your head of anything that's distracting.
First Law: Time Lords are creatures of time
There were two types of off-roaders in our camp: jeepers and quad riders. Though we did some riding together, the different equipment and preferred types of riding caused us to go on several different rides. We jeepers preferred longer rides in a more trail-oriented environment. A/C made the long trips that much more enjoyable.
For more information on the Quaker Chewy Superstar Search, Official Rules, and a list of cities where you can find Quaker's Mobile Recording Studio, visit http://www.chewysuperstar.com/.
My daughter and I have recently both run into more than our fair share of mean people. This morning she asked me what the point really is in being mean. My personal opinion is the reasons are as unique as the people. However, I also realize the “law of attraction” issue at play. Karma is also an issue. We all have a dark side. We are all capable of being mean. And, what constitutes ‘mean’ is different for each of us.
"She showed it to me..I was kind of disgusted..I reported it to the Sheriff's department yesterday..they said they were going to direct the threat squad on it."
Today, I finally opened up “shop” again and started replying to my unanswered emails and read through various posts that I haven’t read when I saw Polys most recent post and started reading through it when I had the sudden urge to check my early warning system aka water (or a glass of water to be precise).
And I passed a child, clinging to a dead man, pretending to sleep too.
And what reward is the strongest? The article says that “What teenagers want most of all are social rewards, especially the respect of their peers. In a recent study by the developmental psychologist Laurence Steinberg at Temple University, teenagers did a simulated high-risk driving task while they were lying in an MRI brain-imaging machine. The reward system of their brains lighted up much more when they thought another teenager was watching what they did—and they took more risks.”
Dots et fleurs
1) There's nothing like opening a new can of tennis balls. The fuzz is just heavenly.
They have been nominated for 6 Grammy Awards.
I’m going to take a break from posting about Wellman after this one and turn to other directors for a while… but first just wanted to say something about his movie focusing on aviation pioneers, Men with Wings, which stars Fred MacMurray, Ray Milland and Louise Campbell. Sadly this is another one of his that hardly anybody gets the chance to see, though it is hard to know quite why it has fallen into such obscurity. Made the year after A Star Is Born and Nothing Sacred, it was another lavish early Technicolor production – but, where both of those famous films are available on a host of public domain DVDs and now also in properly restored prints on Blu-ray and DVD, Men with Wings has almost disappeared. I know it was recently shown during the Wellman festival at the Film Forum in New York, but I believe it is rarely if ever shown on TV, and it is only available to buy on bootleg DVDs, possibly of varying quality – the one I bought is fairly ropey, with badly washed out colour and a lot of noise on the soundtrack, but someone has posted the first 20 minutes or so on Youtube in a much more watchable print, where you can get a sense of what the colour should be like. Maybe the problem with its availability is that it was made by Paramount rather than Selznick’s company.
Tommy Ryman
On the market - Speaking as a resident on the English side of the Scottish border, beers wearing the Belhaven name can prove shockingly hard to locate. Options are far greater on home turf. But fear not, for the brewery's online store is more than able to supply your needs.
Used to look in on the children at night
I am not for sure about having another ATC Tuesday next week, because I will be getting ready for Gina K Design March Release, on the 8th. It will depend on how quick I get those samples done, lol! But if not next Tuesday, for SURE the one after that!
assist
Spanish police detained 28 people when a riot started between youth members of the rival ultra-right Patriotic Socialist Movement after they were denied access to the event.
Okay, on to the photos.
Techniques implored within a film can make or break it. For me one of these films was ‘Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow’ (2004 Dir: Kerry Conran) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0346156/ the use of blue screen throughout the whole film was amazing. Everything you see, bar the furniture and certain props is all computer generated. That and the way they processed the film to give it a more comic book feel made me so giddy. Alas though if you do want to watch this film I will warn you, the story is appalling and the acting is not always up to scratch. Speaking of stories…
I concur. Well, I think the not wanting to live on the planet thing is a bit much, but other than that. No matter how attractive those guys might have been, I would have had no interest in going to dinner or even for a drink with them. Knowledge is sexy.
Perhaps you’re wondering why I’m all nostalgic tonight. It’s not my love of all things 80s that is taking me back. It’s the memory of how Andie and Duckie Dale fought so damn hard for everyone to be o.k. with their other-ness. And the realization that was hammered home over and over today: we’re pretty much all Andies and Duckies, quirky as hell in our own little ways, struggling mightily with our “other-ness” and realizing it’s dirt-under-the-nails work just to rest in the way God made us. I spent my morning walking and talking with some dear friends. These women are in their 40s and they are GOOD people. Strong. Grounded. Heads on straight. Kind. Loving. Thoughtful. Fun. This morning, we somehow got on the topic of our misspent youth. In and around the uproarious laughter that comes from finding out your friend may have spent a teensy bit of time in the back of a squad car, there was a common thread: other. Struggling with disordered eating and wondering why it’s so easy for everyone else: other. Struggling with years of feeling like the goody two shoes while everyone else has their fun: other. Struggling to fit in somewhere, anywhere, because the party days are over but the Christians sometimes feel like a big ol’ judge-y straightjacket: other. And then later, after school, hearing about an utterly delightful little girl who is on medication and in therapy because, already, before she’s even out of elementary school, she so sharply feels the pain of her other-ness.
"YOU.
“No… I said that the UN should intervene there.”
BOGO = Buy one Get one free
Why do we do what we do? What is our real motive?
This event will include exclusive collections that were directly inspired by the film.
8. Samo Son
I’d also like to blame Norwich who played park-the-bus-hoof-and-run as well as anyone but who were also close to being the dirtiest team I’ve seen getting unpunished for a long chain of successive fouls, including one which saw Sagna getting his leg broken. I now officially hate Norwich & hope they get relegated again at the earliest opportunity.
- handing us things
I used a big platter to serve it on. You know the kind you only use for parties?? Something about food that looks good always seems to taste better. LOL!
The same year we launched the Planeta Wiki which now hosts an informative page about Aboriginal Australia. Meanwhile, much of my interactions with Australians is developing via interactions on Twitter and Facebook. Since the dissolution of Aboriginal Tourism Australia, I have had no official contact with any official organizations. Not for lack of trying or interest, mind you, but rather because these conversations are difficult to maintain let alone nourish over time.
Out upon the wharfs they came,
* Social and cultural aspects of Spirituality
10. Centsational Girl
So for this collaboration, there were lots of pretty blues, pinks and purples – mineralise eyeshadows, pigments, lipsticks, lipglass, nailpolishes – lots of stuff but I was particularly keen on the beauty powder.
The one thing I don't get is this: I do know a lot of bosses. Instead of living the life and delegating work, they still insist on working. I know an old geezer that still hands out layouts, only to have his clients say Ugh and Yuck. Yeah, just like us handing them over, but his are special. His designs are soooo old and done. Not current. Not anything. Does he realize that he should just quit the day to day and just hang around for more important stuff? Even go and play Golf, dammit. That would help so much more than insisting still have talent???
It is by Jesus Christ’s wounds that I have been healed. I was like a sheep that had lost his way, but now I have been brought back to follow The Shepherd and the Keeper of my soul! Amen!
Here are our picks for Top 3 this week:
we could recommend to anyone, it was a nice new
Since a lot of you seemed to find my complications worksheet useful, I'm going to also share the character worksheet I use. Fair warning though, it's long and complicated. I'll add some discussion and break it down into several different posts. You can download the whole thing as a pdf document here:
We get a bit of a late start but we go directly to Cafe Ziyara, a shisha bar in Medinat Sultan Qaboos with open-air seats outside, as well as an indoor cafe, for lunch and shisha. We order lots of hummus and bread and I order grilled halloum, a white, semi-hard sheep’s (or goat’s) milk cheese, similar to mozzarella, but not bland. Since it’s a beautiful day, we linger after lunch and smoke shisha.
BF and I went there last weekend to take advantage of 20% off the entire store, and I gave in and bought a hardback that I’ve been wanting to read for some time now (since I read this): Portia de Rossi’s memoir Unbearable Lightness. I don’t like hardbacks, for a slew of reasons, and I didn’t really want to buy this one, but I badly wanted to read it instead of waiting a year for it to come out in paperback. Now that I’m a third of the way through, I am so glad that I caved.
They tell you to be careful on the internet. Careful about who you talk to. What you say. And be extra careful if you go to meet them.
Willow was complying with nappy changing etiquette, seemingly distracted with a Duplo brick, while I unveiled the destruction presented to me. It was a plentiful nappy, full of wonderous delights, I took a split second to formulate a plan of attack and then it happened.
The second gift is the Sam Adams Utopias. This high ABV beer is not readily available in all markets, but it is well worth the effort if you can get a bottle. The 2009 batch was 27%. I got a bottle a few years ago from Denver, and though it set me back a pretty penny, it was enjoyed by many at a private party. The beer does not taste like a traditional beer. Rather, it tastes like a fine aged bourbon, scotch or port. The flavor profiles in each batch may vary. It is only made every other year, and you'll have to pre-plan how you'll be getting your bottle. Denver or on the East Coast are good options. Asking friends in those areas to pick up a bottle for you is probably your best bet. If you receive one of these for the holidays, someone really, really loves you.
I made a visual for her with a sticker reward system. We practiced at home standing still, with me on one side and Renee on the other. We talked about it in the evening before bed and right before we went to school. She can tell you the rules but following them when the time comes is the problem.
One of the biggest challenges during the aftermath of memory loss has been the loss of skills. I have spent such a significant amount of time relearning that nothing has felt familiar or comfortable.
sure, if you want immense blogging guilt every time you realize you've forgotten a week. ;)
I read this as part of a group study my husband and I go to with some other young married couples. I normally an not a huge fan of self-help type books, but I was surprised to actually learn quite a bit by reading this one.
Overall, this book was an okay read but I have to confess that it did leave me disappointed as I turned the final page. There wasn't as much about Austen as I had expected given the title, just a few references by Kate here and there and of course the story that Kate is writing an article based on what the women in Austen's books used to do, but that was it really. I just didn't like the way Kate went about it, and I think that is what left a sour taste in my mouth because the writing was really good, the book was very readable but just something about it just didn't jump out at me as I had hoped. Perhaps it's just me taking it too seriously, I don't know but The Jane Austen Marriage Manual wasn't the read I was expecting it to be.
Striking for the gentle, striking for the kind
Kryolan Aqua Color liner - black (applied wet with water, using MAC 210 on upper lash line winging outward)
Joining together would give us sufficient power and resources to make the new united party of nationalism a real force to be reckoned with in the 21st century. Some may call it a ‘new model army’, working together to overthrow the tyranny of the British liberal elite.
“Huh. Weird.”
We pedalled onwards through Walthamstow Marsh Nature Reserve, one of the last remaining marshes along the River Lea and home to a wide species of plants. The path was lined with shades of greenery and the perfume of sweet flowers. The warm breeze from pedalling brought with it an invitation for flying bugs to brush past my skin or land in my hair.
On a very serious note, I just found out that the husband of one lady passed away in January. I was totally shocked and saddened to hear this. I am so sorry, Maureen. I know how terribly you must be hurting, even though everyone says that you are doing really well. Compared to what, exactly? I am also sorry that we communicate so infrequently that I didn't know until now. But I am glad that I get to see you on Thursday so that I can tell you this. And to give you the card I made for you.
I’m told they group together at night in the winter in locations that are slightly warmer and where there is light, and of course trees in which to roost. This makes campus an ideal location and this winter we saw streams of crows congregating at dusk, a la Hitchcock’s “The Birds,” flying to the front of Old Main to spend the night in the trees.
The circles and oval are Spellbinders Nestabilities, the stamp is Inkadinkado, and lastly, that little bit of embellishment is from Recollections.
“Any problem on earth can be solved with the careful application of high explosives.” It’s from the movie “Valkyrie”. I don’t completely agree with the statement, but they were trying to assassinate Hitler, so I think they had a good point.
Also, one final note, if I can, I would like to post a spreadsheet for my proposed breeding schedule in the future and get information on what everyone thinks.
“Although we won’t be able to have a clambake on the shore, we look forward to your visit to the city so we can return your gracious hospitality.”
And whisper
Ready to be eaten?
MR LIN HOWARD
Tucked away in a busy little strip mall, Ching’s was the place to be when we stopped by early yesterday afternoon. Walking in the door, my first thought was that we weren’t going to be able to get a table. After settling into a spot in line for the ordering window, I took a look around at the tiny dining area and noticed that the walls were covered in framed photographs of former Memphis high school stars, along with jerseys of prominent Memphis Tigers basketball players and other Memphis-related sports memorabilia. Upon closer inspection, I even found a photo of Marlon Brown sporting his letterman jacket from Harding Academy.
Connie Willis – Jack
Of course, I'm still keeping my eyes open for photos or scans of Drac stuff that hasn't been seen here before, and that stuff will no doubt show up in future posts on my main blog, Random Acts of Geekery.
One of my BEST friends, E, recently got engaged (MAZAL TOV, E!!!!!) and when she asked me to go wedding dress shopping with her, I was beyond excited! Once she told me that it was a small wedding boutique in Chelsea, I knew that I had to dress up a bit. The only problem was that it was raining cats and dogs that day! My solution...wear a hat! Y'all know me by now...I love hats! Not only because Jewish law dictates that married women should cover their hair/head in some way, shape, or form (a subject of much Jewish debate), but also because I just love hats and I think that they have the innate ability to transform any outfit by adding a bit of pizazz. I like hats in the winter; cute berets and sophisticated wool cloches, but summer hats are by far my fav! Right now if you are in the market for some summer straw hats, be sure to check out J.CREW, F21, H&M or Banana Republic. They all have great hats at different price points for any budget:) I currently have summer hats from all of those places (and a few more!).
SITR is one of those movies you assume everyone has seen. I think it’s more accurate to say most people have seen part of Singin’ in the Rain. I just saw it on the big screen at the TCM Classic Film Festival last week. As I stood in line and chatted with other festival goers (these being classic movie fans in general), it seemed that several had only seen certain parts and many hadn’t seen it at all. The scene with Gene Kelly swinging on the lamp post, splashing in puddles – that’s what most people have seen. That’s a cool number but that scene alone is not representative of what the film’s about. There is a lot more to this movie than Gene Kelly swirling whimsically about with an umbrella!
And the night of the day of The Call, when my husband and I found ourselves in a remote corner of North Dakota with every hotel for 50 miles unexpectedly filled up with oil workers, we did sleep in the car.
Pat-a-cake, darling, and peek - peekaboo.
coming, so it's definitely March!
Glossary of Bengali terms in post:
My heart grows sad as I write those words because the storm is coming.
"Oh when shall I see the dusky Lake,
II. Crafting Skills
I ran the truck into a concrete pillar. The truck I haven't even owned for two whole months. Caved in the passenger door, left big scrapes all down the side. That's what exhaustion AND pain will do to a normally strong and capable harpist...
At this point, I had pretty much given up on the novel. I couldn’t see how to make it better, or how to interest an agent, either in Ireland, the UK, or the US. I hadn’t given up on writing, I had achieved limited success with short stories, just enough to convince myself I could write to some extent, but thought this MS was a dead duck. Then an agent emailed, hoping I hadn’t signed with anyone yet. We spoke on the phone, and he was very, very keen on my book and said all sorts of lovely things about my writing.
I just hope I can make the river.
The month is almost over and it’s been an incredible year so far. This struggle will have to sit in the back burner because the joys so far outweigh anything. I think I’m not going to fight this battle because these three young women have shown me a shade of what it’s like to be a dad to a little girl.
Enfield has some attractive cycle paths hereabouts – set behind hedges to share with pedestrians and well away from the busy traffic – a change from many we have seen on our travels where the paths are taken up with parked cars and heavy traffic…
To see what this many people running looking like, either come along and have a great day out as a supporter – it’s London at its best (there’s nothing like it), watch out for it all on the TV (BBC1 I think) or check the photos in the papers on Monday. But it looks something like this…
Ghostbusters: The Video Bold (Wii) — Aboriginal Impressions
“…creating beauty is one of the highest and most healing purposes we can pursue.” Pg 69
“Certainly the mild winter has helped, it’s a seasonal business and the winter allowed them to get ahead with their building plans,” said Robert Denk, a senior economist for the National Association of Home Builders.
Another thing you notice about the place is its more or less a work in progress. Most of the work had just been done and all the draught beer is served by gravity from the large back bar area with the handpull situation not quite in place. Yet overall it has its own unique personality, worlds apart from anything else in this little old town of Alnwick.
I made the runner for myself this summer, and it turned out quite well even using the cartoon-themed hankies and the brighter colors. It was a fun summer project.
At one time in American history, diamonds were just another precious jewel. But it was a much different scene than we see today. Today, diamonds are synonymous with romance and love. How did that happen?
A target audience is important with social media. I agree with Bruning’s accusation. I find it creepy that he requested to follow a 14-year-old girl because what are his intentions? His target audience should be voters, and she’s not even old enough to drive a car.
Meh. Not terrible but it’s too much episode to remember to pick this up from Horrible each week. Also it’s not really entertaining. Dropped I guess.
Greedy, naive fuckwits!
Dabber : Sunshine Yellow, Espresso - All by Ranger
So, instead of going to medical school like she planned, she gave up that idea. She and her husband, Joel, quit their jobs and moved from New York City to Orlando, where they rented a home and are currently passing out tracts. Joel says they are spending the last of their savings because they don’t see a need for one more dollar.
Assemble:
Here is my logo which I adore
White Riot
The prospect of drones flying around my neighborhood is something out of an Orwellian nightmare. The last thing we need are a bunch of Nintendo pilots running roughshod on American cities.
It’s not enough, for instance, to stop wearing makeup if everyone around you still expects you to do so. If you’re going to have a hard time getting a job or a mate if you’re not toeing the eyeshadow line, you don’t really have much choice after all. Only women who live in very progressive places or whose social circle is primarily progressive people can get away with avoiding that particular edict.
#3 vanity-driven thought was:
10-11 Lights out
At last, after fighting him tooth and nail, the Insidious raid team have defeated Ragnaros - giving them 7 of 7 and completing the normal mode fights in Firelands. Well done guys, you earnt that victory.
Totally wild. She says there's something really wrong with the balance system in my right ear. Could be a virus that's trapped in there, or it could very well be this Meneire's Disease, or it could be something totally different.
As beer fans, we tend to want to push the envelope on flavor sensations. We like to be surprised. But there's great virtue in the elegance of simplicity. To get a beer to harmonize so graciously, to be able to lure the drinker back to the glass quickly for another sample, to be such a perfect companion for food--this is a rare thing. The next time you're down at the Pilsner Room, check to see if they have Amber on cask. Vanquish all expectations and come to the beer again, as if you didn't know anything about it. Order a bit of food. It may knock your socks off, too.
“Why don’t you go get it?” He knew exactly where it was in his room: the shelf with the books he never touched.
By the way, doesn’t Shibutani look a bit like Johnny Depp in that screenshot? It’s a good look for him. Crystal Kay might have been even more enthusiastic, doing the rhythm to the Neon Genesis Evangelion opening song:
PT Fajar Surya Wisesa, Tbk is one of the largest packaging paper producers in Indonesia with an installed capacity of 1.000.000 metric tons annually across a broad range to suit the needs of packaging fabricators and end users in a multitude of consumer and industrial sectors. We are committed to sustainable manufacturing and take pride in our high quality products, sourced from 100% recyclable fibre. Our products range with includes linerboard and corrugated medium paper for carton box packaging and coated duplex board for display packaging.
But wait... I know what you are all thinking... "Lady Lancelot, silly one, you have a husband that while he may not be French, he speaks French! Why don't you two speak French to each other"?
I really like "The Wikipedia Game." It is my attempt to show kids the element of chance in how credible a Wikipedia article is. For each roll of the dice, there is a different outcome to the article, including a "hacker" adding a one-word tribute to themselves. I already played it with two of my ten fifth grades and I think that it was a highlight of the day. Here's a screen shot of the actual game.
If we had paid for this, along with the drinks we would be looking at a bill somewhere in the region of £70 which is quite a lot more than I would usually pay for anything but a special occasion, but I don't think this price is unreasonable for the meal that we had. Conclusion: it was really nice, but it should be for that price.
Just a moment while I look up your account.
You see,he had the annoying habit of being an early riser,and then ensuring his neighbours followed suit.How?
The New Advisor of Today
I did lots of distressing on all edges and on the small tag too....which was inspired by the challenge over @ Lawnscaping Challenge #28 : Distress Mania
The desire of the left to be the right and vice-versa
He smiled and said, "In my left ear was German, in my right ear was Arabic, my father's voice and I followed in my Hebrew version of the book from right to left."
Today is the next step in the new YouTube look and feel we launched in December, where all channels will be updated to the new layout. What does this mean for you? Well, for starters, you’ll now see every channel organized into one of four channel templates customized to suit different types of creators:
So, since the event has been a month ago I will conduct my post-event interviews soon. Here are the questions and the potential insights I hope to gain from them:
I have used stamps by Flourishes "From the Garden" set. I love this set! I've colored it with Copics and added some Stickles for shine. The DP (which I've distressed) is cardstock by Heidi Grace: Only Time. I used Spellbinders to cut out the panels. A jumbo flower brad by Spare Parts in the upper right was covered with Stickles and then I added tiny gems and a pearl to it.
So yes… This got a reaction out of us, provided some social commentary, and was in general an intense movie with a good gimmick that pushed many boundaries.
Now I’m very sleepy, listening to music, soon about get some more tea.
How cool a cake was this? Erin found an artist on Etsy to recreate the two of them as South Park characters. Check out the beer in Matt’s hand – the detailing is awesome!!!!!!! And the volcano behind the cake? Priceless.
A half day today,
It is then a plain proof of an unbridled tendency to evil, and unrestrained pleasure in what is worse, not to wish to learn that whereby one may avail to attain unto what is better: again of desire for the best, to thirst for illumination, and to make His Law a rule so to say and index unto a conversation pleasing to God. And the Divine Psalmist knowing that this was so, sings, The Law of the Lord is perfect converting the soul: the testimony of the Lord is sure, making wise the simple. The statutes of the Lord are right, rejoicing the heart: the commandment of the Lord is pure, enlightening the eyes.
Ambrose Bierce – The Damned Thing
Her response, “You flatter me sir, but I fear this to be their last fan they create for me, as they lost everything in their overseas investments when the bubble burst, and are about to go bust. It grieves me so, for they are the finest purveyor of fans in London and without them I will be at a loss. The money they need to survive is so great that, like their beautiful fans, they are destined to fold.” Expressed my deep regret at hearing this news, and consoled her in my belief that perhaps all is not yet lost for them. NOTE: This a.m. I anonymously sent the monies required to Messrs Fraigneau & Foulkes, thus saving the shop for her.
Written long before me
I am a super American Idol fan, and I’m loving season 11. For me, the standouts so far are Heejun Han and Phillip PhillipsPhilip Phillips.
Making a sour face, Addison tried not to let the small grunt building in her throat be released. Addison put on a fake smile, trying to speak as if she had a small accent different from her noticeable Caron one, “Is the master of the house in?”
UPDATE: After a couple of weeks, I decided the stationary envelopes were just TOO SMALL! So, I switched to creating larger envelopes! Much better!!
Roll the dough into balls about 1" in diameter. I used a 1/2 teaspoon measuring spoon to scoop the dough as I was rolling my cookies, and that seemed to work pretty well.
women as a sexual class, around the world, are defined by our ability to become impregnated by men. our biological reality, and mens exploitation of it, is our shared reality, and no amount of bullshit PIV-pozzie rhetoric will ever cure it. it may attempt to erase that shared reality, and it may well succeed. but it will not cure it, and it cannot change it. so why are they trying? this is not a rhetorical question.
“When ‘stranger danger’ came up at school and my oldest daughter came home terrified and crying, I reassured her that MOST strangers are safe. After all every friend you have was once a stranger! I reminded her to trust her instincts and that if someone ever asked her to do something she was uncomfortable with, that she should say no and to never let anyone force her into anything she didn’t like.
Since we were heading to Mexico the end of March, we knew we wanted to take the punks on a little getaway during their spring break. Honestly, one night away with them is fine with me. However, Chef Daddy thought they needed two nights so he lovingly booked us an Emb@ssy Suites in Kansas City for two nights.
Monday 21st - 7pm
* I remember your name from the Youwriteon website. For anyone who’s thinking of trying an online crit group such as Youwriteon, how helpful do you think they are for feedback and honing your work? Would you recommend their use?
1- 16: Quinton Coples, DE
Whereas I used to not mind it if I had to do a bit of work during off-work hours (at night, on the weekends, etc.), now it really, really pisses me off.
But the big ones do. The characters need to be in a stable condition (even if something else might be looming in the amorphous future). The crisis(es) that formed the focus(ii) of this story need to be resolved, even if it's not the ending the reader was hoping for. Ideally, relationships should be at an equilibrium (though, if that's just a sidelight instead of the focus of the story, that's less important). Key people need to have learned something, grown in some way.
I said, “I live here.” Being polite I also added “Where are you from?” dumb mistake. I’ve been through customs a hundred times and I know better. Only answer the question and don’t add anything more.
In a thinly populated country, the plantation owners believed they had no choice if they wanted labor to work in their fields. White indentured servants wouldn't do it. You couldn't hire freeborn people for that kind of work. All that. Jut the same, they were spiking the country that had yet to be born.
I actually spent a portion of a paycheck on multiple clear food storage bins, quite awhile back now. That being said, I can say with certainty that the investment was worth the payoff since we acquired the food fresh savers!
4. Jump and slalom
We've flown through another 2 weeks so that means it's time for the next challenge over at Frilly and Funkie. It's my turn to host the challenge and I chose 'Alter it! ' I have really fallen in love with altering different, ordinary items. I just love how they can look so totally different from their original state.
Syrian Ambassador to the UN Bashar Jaafari prior to the vote warned the resolution would send a wrong message to those “behind terrorism and sabotage” in Syria and undermine the authority of the United Nations. He called the document “biased” and “sponsored by the countries involved in a hostile campaign against Damascus and interested in fuelling the conflict”.
I hopped in the shower, and got ready for counseling. CPT was coming home to pick me up. And, we were late, of course. Bless his heart. hehe :) We were not on the best speaking terms, too.
On the left side of the picture is the ArtScience Museum – the “The Welcoming Hand of Singapore”. The ArtScience Museum will open on Feb 17 at 1:18 p.m., “as advised by our feng shui master,” a Marina Bay Sands spokeswoman said. Source : The Edge Singapore. At the end of this post is a link to the news article.
So, I put the boot back on, and it feels heavy on the hardware in my leg, like there is no flesh between it and the titanium plate.
When I was picking out clothes for Sunday, Shane wanted to wear this dark green shirt. I explained to him that we needed to wear pretty springy colors on Easter and that was just a dark, fall/winter shirt. His response of, "But baby, its the Masters!!" was priceless. As you can see below, I had nothing to say back to that!
-Heat the oil over medium heat to 350° F.
Any credibilty Stormfront may have had has now gone. They are biased in the extreme, in favour of 'Agent Griffin'.
Her child should have been able to bring the bible home and flip through it, read some of it, ask questions, etc. That is part of the learning process. Her child may agree with that viewpoint and belief, more than his mothers (oh heaven forbid!)....or maybe not.
Another, the witch. I know Mary-Kate Olsen looks like a witch err… that didn’t come out right. I know Mary-Kate can act, but why cast her? Or why make her look the way she is? She’s a boho fashion goddess, is that what an outcast looks like?! (No offense)
The more I though about slippery slopes, the more I thought that the rationale was suspect because ideas that start small and then grow big are just as likely to grow because they are good ideas as they are because they are on a slippery slope.
~6~
Wait. Make that not only the money to meet needs, but her wants as well. In typical Tristi Pinkston fashion, she does it with humor. And Tristi is so confident that these methods work that she's charting her progress out at the Million Dollar Diva Blog.
I really love the two zip pockets at the top of the bag, these are perfect to hold my normal handbag stuff and hide the snacks. These pockets are not the full depth of the bag which means you don't lose your stuff in the bottom of an endless pocket - this is what usually happens to me. This also gives more room in the large centre section.
We're being sponsored this fortnight by the fabulous KennyK who are offering our lucky winner 5 images of their choice, so definitely worth joining in with us.
Seabear: It was when I was asked to open for a band called The Books in Germany. I’d never played live before that, so I asked two of my friends to come along. That’s how it started. Then it grew. Now we are about six people, who all play on the album.
Icy cold spread up under his eyelids and round into his eye sockets. Suppressing the urge to blink was second-nature, but he could do nothing about the shiver. There was a slight sensation of tension inside his face as if his eyes were sticking out on stalks, and then he Saw Clearly. The canal looked much as it had, except that he could vaguely make out the shape of its muddy bottom. Sparks glittered from the grass and bushes.
In a detailed explanation posted on his Facebook, Mr Nair rubbished the TOC’s article:
I struck gold this time .. Mr. D liked my idea! He even offered to help me with the prep work! In fact, while I was at work (camp) on Saturday painting two offices, Mr. D started the prep work. Now THAT is NICE!
With a husband who doesn’t seem to notice her, a teenage daughter who is becoming unruly, a demanding mother and problems at work, Kate makes a snap decision to escape it all. She gets into a taxi in her lunch hour, goes to the airport and the next thing she knows she’s knocking on the door of an old friend in Italy.
Eminent participants unanimously termed the holding of the conference as timely and important. “This conference is a very timely one and a very important one. The Muslim World is facing many crises. At this point of time Saudi Arabia is organizing this conference, and I appreciate Rabita Alam Al-Islami for leading the way and which will definitely contribute to the unity of Ummah,” said Hamid Azad, Assistant Chief Executive Officer, Muslim Aid, London.
The Rising Generation
Garland Jeffreys Hail, Hail, Rock & Roll US
One thing becomes the complete vision of all you have missed,
18. Memories
have read them already, I’ll try to give a description and/or enough
I WAS going to do one on “ROMANCE HEROES – ALPHAS VS BETAS” based on a conversation we had at the last Fantasy Friday chat over at Samhain Cafe.
Every cruiser has their own list of "Must-Have" items that they are happy to share with all the people out there who are researching and planning their own adventures. Generally, I think people's lists should stop with the word "Boat". After that, it is just too dependent on where they are cruising, what they like to do, how long they will stay off a dock and how much money they have.
I have jars and jars of Flower Soft that I haven't used in quite a few years. No surprise there! I needed to make a quick Mother's Day card for my MIL and decided to finally use some of the Flower Soft. The small paper cone is also a Flower Soft product. The pretty flower ring and border are Marianne's Designs die. I inked them up before removing the card stock from the die. The tag is Spellbinders and the sentiment is a rub-on. I scattered some self-adhesive pearls and added a couple of pearl stickpins to the floral arrangement, a few dots of Pearl Pens here and there and called it done!
I'm not a bloke to take the piss,
- Convenient outside pocket
Burrows was breathing. She was unconscious, but she was alive.
I had a call from a girl, Marilyn, who we had billeted for a while. My memory is a bit rusty, but I think it was for a sporting event. However, her parents wanted to repay us by asking me to go to their place for a weekend.
I had told Jake my idea for this page and he said it should be easy to get the info together, but for me the hardest part was getting all the stats. ;) Luckily, Brady has a wrestling profile (when you register for tournaments it logs/records all of that) so I was able to figure it out fairly quickly, yay!
Total costs for a Salesperson
"Based on the writings of Kate Chopin, Margaret Atwood, Doris Lessing, Adrienne Rich, and Ntozake Shange, Diving Deep and Surfacing reveals how the classic works of these five writers can take the place of traditional religious texts in women's search for spiritual renewal." (This shows the cover of the third edition, because I couldn't find an image of the second edition.)What books have "walked into your house" this week?
1 cup unsalted butter (2 sticks), at room temperature
# 7 : Shadow Puppets (2002) by Orson Scott Card
Your brother in Christ Jesus … Bartimaeus
Replica Breitling Watches – Keeping Fashion Around the World
Last night we decided to stay in and recover from all the go-go-go we'd been doing, and it looks like tonight is going to be more of the same. I stopped on my way home and got some Festive Ale and Everything Must Go, which is a Will Ferrell movie I had never heard of but which looks pretty good (and more like Stranger Than Fiction than Talledega Nights, which is a huge bonus in my book).
So I said aloud to Vicki, " If indeed that is you sweetheart, I would like to thank you for your beautiful friendship, and for getting me to Tony Stockwell. We are going to have SO much fun there, you can tell me all the answers! Let me know in some way if it is really you I am speaking to."
Geej: (After a long pause, and with MUCH sincerity) Why does life have to be so horrible?
Well how many posts have i written about the sheffield tap, soo many i dont care to write about the place its self as it constantly gives good knwledgable service and provides tasty beer. What this is about pure and simple is the taste of 1 beer from the bar now, and another recomended bottle from the fridges later.
We shared the holiday with family so dear,
8 oz. cream cheese
Forgive one person today.
“It nearly killed me watching the report.”
ME: What??? For like, modesty purposes? I'm GIVING BIRTH! Do I need a sheet with a hole in it too? OK, they can't POSSIBLY mean that....forget it....ok, moving on. Last item for the delivery room...what's a brumisateur d'eau?
You guys are the best.
Get this Free Daily Bible Devotion App:
"No Shit", I say.
Bet she got one anyway.
Boundaries, I haz them.
leap straight. Over
Folded triangles are called prairie points. These are used as edgings for the neck and sleeves of garments. It is also used in patch work and quilts. These triangles can be made singly, but it is laborious.This problem can be solved by doing continuous band of triangles. It is also called Continuous prairie point or picket fence.
July 29 – St. Petersburg, FL @ Vinoy Park
Arsenal started their Carling Spoon campaign with a convincing 4-1 win against Twitchy’s Twitch FC. Our last Carling Spoon encounter with Twitch FC didn’t bring fond memories. We were whooped by 5 goals to 1 thereby ending their barren spell against us. A 4th round encounter against Newcastle saw us emerge as 4-nil winners. A hilarious own goal, 2 well taken goals from Walcott and a wonder strike from Wald Bezt Bendtner did the magic. The 1/4 draw saw us play with Wigan. We were suffering from a patchy home form but an own goal from Alcatraz and a slide in from Wald Bezt Bendtner took us to the semis.
This little girl did a bit of watching at first.
Is it better to meter on the dog, which can produce blown highlights in the background or is it better to meter to the background, which can leave the dog too dark? In both cases, the risk is not having enough information in the shadows or highlights to recover during post-processing. What about the metering modes that come with digital SLRs?
In 1986 Obari was called in to work on the 2nd and 3rd episodes of AIC’s OVA, “Fight! Iczer 1″ as an Animation Director. Ben from Anipages has quite a nice post on the OVA here. During Iczer 1′s production Obari poured his unique style over the mecha design of the show, despite the mecha designs being established in episode 1, he went and redesigned the mecha for episode 2 and 3 as seen below.
I switch on the machine and do all the procrastinating things. First I check emails. Sometimes there are knotty questions in overnight from translators asking me to define various phrases.
Well, I didn't -I told myself.
Print the graphic on to the envelope. *The envelope should fit the width of the paper slot. Do not put it to the side - I learned the hard way - paper jam.*
Take them out, keep aside to cool for a while and either dig in, or once they are completely cool, refrigerate for further use.
Karman is the first Arab woman to win the prize and at 32 the youngest peace laureate ever. A journalist and founder of the human rights group Women Journalists without Chains, she also is a member of the Islamic party Islah.
Poetic speaking opens up our spheres of existence so that we may reflect on and engage with them in the course of our lives. It gives us our sense of ‘being in the world’.
It’s for scalp massage, which is either a disappointment or a relief depending on how weird you are.
The propensity is, of course, to view Shows painting as foreboding or apocalyptic in some way, though the adjective apocalyptic is over used and stretched too far in the world of contemporary painting. In fact you could call a large portion of contemporary art “apoctopainting” -- Franz Ackermann’s large frenzied planes crashing into a soup of color and razor blades, Angela Gualdoni’s lonely, crumbling modern buildings, Kristin Baker’s melodramatic traffic explosions, ending not with a tow truck but with the destruction of the universe. The apocalypse, if we can call it that, is all around or it is coming. We aren’t quite sure.
I had my 6 month prenatal appointment last Thursday. Boh was so quiet that day. She didn't move around when I got up to pee and I felt some squirming in the morning, but no big movements. It didn't leave me in a panic, but I was worried. We had enough time to go home from work before my appointment, so I used the doppler and sure enough her heart rate was just fine. I even ate a bunch of chocolate that day, just trying to make her move but she didn't respond to it (she also didn't respond much to the 50g of sugar I had today when I went for the diabetes test. If 50g of sugar consumed in less than 5 minutes isn't going to get her moving, a few pieces of chocolate isn't going to).
If then for instance, a Target get’s assigned a specific ‘Line of Business’, the Target will be assigned automatically to the appropriate Group in the Hierarchy. By this you will be sure each Target is assigned to the right Group.
Do you know Katie Renz? Would you like to send a card to her family? Please join me in sending sympathy cards to:
The year has ended with a confessional of denouncers of video-art; Charles Saatchi dismissed it in his attack on the art world, and Waldemar Januszczak added 'please no more video art' to his Christmas wishlist, using Dean's giant film as the most irksome example of all.
The indigenous people have not lost such awareness. In fact, it is this consciousness that drives them to continue to pay reverence to all life forces and see the sacredness of every thing and being. They have long believed that all life is interrelated, interconnected, and interdependent. Every person, place, condition, and thing affects every other person, place, condition and thing.
Data Modeling 6:00 – 7:15 pm
Maybe you have these papers in file folders or a box.? I would like to show you how I have our family's documents stored.
Didn't Planet's sound here is somewhere between Fountains of Wayne and Weezer, with the just the right amount of smartass those bands are known for. This becomes readily apparent as the album opens with the band's reworking of the Fat Albert theme as a way of introduction. For those of a certain age, hearing "na na na, gonna have a good time" brings back the memories. The driving "Maryann(e)" recalls the poppier side of Green Day; the title track rocks while detailing their plight, and it's almost obligatory that a power pop album of this kind have a track called "California".
Test on Sundays:
When we arrived we saw my nephew and his mom at the Wee Kirk O’ the Heather chapel, where mom and dad were married in 1935. Then we followed them to the grave site, where Cely, the woman from the cemetery I had dealt with for the past year, found us.
2. It will never be a relationship. Point blank period. Not for everyone, but for me! If a man cheats with you he will cheat on you … almost 100%. Ok so in some cases that’s not how it goes. But most cases it does.
1) Geographical Consolidation
swiftsure and buried in the browns of soil,
Liya
Saturday it was a case of dodge the showers, but undaunted we planted all the potatoes out on the allotment and then in the afternoon walked to the bird hide on a local gravel pit lake. That's Tim's rather good photo above. Lapwings darted, swooped and sang along with the shufflings of quieter tufted ducks, crested grebes, coots, moorhens and cormorants. Just as we packed up ready to walk back to the car a kingfisher darted across the hide window! What a lucky flash of blue and orange as he disappeared in to the reeds.:-) It was rare honour to see him. We finished the day with homemade pizza by the wood-burner with champagne to drink - a proper sense of style!
I am adding more blue to the sun room now that the green walls are gone. There is just something so appealing and fresh about blue and white. I had lots of blue and white when we first moved in our house sixteen years ago and then I started switching to reds, greens and yellows. Well, now I am adding more blue back in. What goes around comes around.
Both, but I do love second-hand books, simply for the bookshops which house them. And occasionally you get notes in them, or inscriptions.
And they began to grow from little fuzz balls to baby eaglets. I remember thinking, wow, they actually look like birds now......but we still wondered if Spunky would make it.......always that question in the back of our head. Rarely does #3 survive, they said....The odds are against him, they said. We watched, and they grew, and they snuggled together, and they grew. It was remarkable to watch the sibling behavior, rivalry, and bonding....
Huh? I’m sorry, but even as cynical about government as I am, I just don’t see anybody getting sued for antitrust violations for simply playing by the rules. Collusion and price fixing are illegal actions that artificially hike prices and stop or slow down competition. If that’s considered playing by the rules, I’d hate to see what a publisher who was openly cheating looks like. Maybe Petrocelli needs to brush up a bit on what constitutes playing by the rules. Pretty sure breaking them doesn’t count.
as certainly as he should be sent to the dentist’s.
Battered Halloumi with Minty Mashy Peas, Tartare Sauce & Yemeni Lemony Pickle Recipe
“in our immediate context, and increasingly in other contexts too, newly qualified teachers may well be asked about their views on the use of technology in job interviews, or be expected to use integrated whiteboards (IWBs) and data projectors in their classrooms”
Scandinavia is an extreme case. Its gratuitous self-destruction will be of great interest to paleontologists of the distant future. But the rest of the West is not far behind. Consider this recent French video entitled “All France”:
A few more notes before I end. Based on the amount of pro endurance athletes that use periodization, it obviously works for a lot of people. I’m not trying to say it’s wrong, I’m simply pointing out that it,s not the only way to train! I also don’t think reverse periodization is for everyone! It’s obviously a bit more aggressive than regular periodization, and requires the athlete to be very aware of their body and when to take an easy day and not push for pace in every training session. I also think it works well for people who have a background in power/strength/ and speed related sports like myself; I played 4 years of rugby in college. Using reverse periodization for these athletes works well because you are building on a strength they already have.
33.Hand over mouth. If someone is covering their mouth, they are either feeling insecure or may be lying.
At the end they have the intervention and she agrees to go to treatment. She gets ‘better’. They said that she hadn’t purged since some random date. It pissed me off. You don’t just ‘get fixed’. You don’t just go to treatment and magically stop everything. She was binging/purging sometimes 25 times a day. That isn’t fixable in the time she said she was changed. She went to treatment for 6 weeks and for the first 4 she didn’t cooperate. So that leaves 2 weeks to be ‘fixed’. No. No. No. Maybe it can happen. But even if it can, why the fuck can’t I be fixed at all? I’m not even that bad.
Almost every customer wears either black or gold. Whether the team wins or loses, almost seems irrelevant to these fans. As long as they have alcohol to accompany whatever the game may bring, they will have a good time. The store sells more vodka on football weekends than anything else. Patel says they try to carry a variety of cheaper options because they know students don’t have a lot of money to spend.
I’m not trying to get into a philosophical debate – or even challenge your faith. I believe that there is a Higher Power that wants us to be happy and loved. I believe that we are deserving of good things simply because we are human and were created out of love. I believe in God (and Jesus) still. I just don’t believe that man has it right when he says that “everything happens for a reason.” I guess I believe I grew up with some really sh!tty luck. I suppose it had to happen to someone; I just drew the short straw.
It involved pillows with me over them on our bed. That is not a position we have ever used in real life and I don't remember reading about it on anybody's blog in recent memory.
Trés belle, non?
Or as Questlove says: “Undun is the story of this kid who becomes criminal, but he wasn’t born criminal. He’s not the nouveau exotic primitive bug-eyed gunrunner like Tupac’s character Bishop in Juice… he’s actually thoughtful and is neither victim nor hero. Just some kid who begins to order his world in a way that makes the most sense to him at a given moment… At the end of the day… isn’t that what we all do?”
3/4 cup unsweetened vanilla almond milk
Apita is another Japanese department store and the brightly coloured Japanese packaging is always fun to browse, yummy ice creams and lots of cartons of juice! Next, my aunts took me to one of the small traditional restaurant/cafes downstairs (different to UK cafes because they sell Congee/noodles/sandwiches etc. These kind of places are always a bit run down and I'm not sure I would actually go into them if my aunts didn't take me, it's definitely more for the older locals! I had some hot milk tea which is one of my favourite things! It's super strong though. I was super surprised to receive this card from my friend Carly back home! Yippee. I had some Yuzu Shu sake which is a citrus sake, really yummy, especially when mixed with some Sprite. We also had some traditional Jasmine tea at home and I particularly love the traditional style of this teapot.
As much as I love vacationing with ten kids -- really, I do -- I seriously can't wait for our adults only trip planned for June!! I'm starting to forget what it's like to sleep in.
621111 Offices of physicians (except mental health specialists)
Print Plus (£149)
What the hell is wrong with this picture?!?! Friends of my parents tell me all the time that it’s just stupid what my parents put me though. They say I’m the only one going places, the only one making a name for myself, the only one doing something with my life. They say my parents should be proud of me, but they aren’t. I wish just once they would tell me how good I’m doing for myself. I’ll never hear that.
Even when criminals are locked up, the perverse world of the British Justice system never fails to amaze. In an act of unparalleled lunacy, Wayne Bishop was released having served only one month of an eight month sentence after he invoked Article 8 of the Human Rights Act, which guarantees the “right to respect for a private and family life.”
Pan & Óskar Thorarensen (Stereo Hypnosis)
So how do we brand a banana or bunch of bananas? Remember the market is competitive. Ok, lets assuming we are ethical in everything we do, question is how to convince your market to buy bananas that you are selling?
I'm flattered that many of you think I'm a good writer. Sometimes I wonder.
Buzz spent the day shivering under a duvet on the sofa, until I managed to coax him upstairs to listen to Harry Potter (no.1) on CD - read by Stephen Fry, and where he finally slept.
1. Add the 2 Zoya Nail Polishes that you want to try to your cart (as well as any additional merchandise that you would like)
A chocolate brownie layer spiked with Guinness......topped with a Bailey's cheesecake layer......topped with a Jameson whisky spiked brownie layer. Oh yeah......you gotta try this! It's amazing how well these flavors all go together, and the hubby's only complaint was that I could have actually added even more booze! I think it's fine as is.......you definitely can taste it all.
I haven't posted anything in almost 5 months on this blog. Honestly, I don't think I've had anything interesting enough to talk about. But, that's not true. Cameron and I have been in Germany for over 8 months now. CRAZY! Living here in Germany is definitely starting to get easier but, it's not without difficulty. I'm glad we past the 6 month mark without going home. Just because everyone says the first 6 months are the hardest... and it's true.
If you haven’t listened to my latest (and best, to my way of thinking) guest appearance on a radio show, here’s your chance:
of course fellowship there because you do need a covering of some sorts….. but even the covering has to be right…. im just so tired of the song and dance shows, the puffy prophecies, the marketing prayer lines and everything else…. hey maybe it is me and knowing that my spiritual appetite is just changing….
The Start of the End Times?
I opted for BBC Wales, if only to enjoy a melodious Welsh voice delivering the regional news and weather. Interestingly, the Welsh regional news sports section included coverage of the weekends rugby results as well as the football and also the Ice Hockey where I discovered that the Dundee Stars had beaten the Cardiff devils 2-1 ending the Cardiff sides 22 match winning streak... I didn't even know Dundee had an Ice Hockey team - never mind one that sounds like it might actually be quite good.
Mason, who is currently playing to packed houses in London’s West End, said he doubted whether Jewish people were even being persecuted when he started out as a comedian in the early Sixties.
When we recognize our place in an immensity of light‐years
The wife thought about this statement for a split second….
14) The fold should then be at the side.
I didn’t start the first jogging when it was time, pushed it back about a minute being just as it said jog, I saw another jogger and was just flat out to embarrassed to start my first jog in front of another jogger. Once I saw he was out of site for the most part, I started the program back up, and started jogging.
Did they just take another step? Oh shit now 3 of them are grinning, smirking, look away, no don’t look away, act confident, be alert, think, did I just hear a zipper? My mind is playing tricks on me, they are screwing with me,. warning me, that will be the end, snap out of it, do something. BE the Practical Princess. What would she do? She’d use her wits against them. She’d throw them an effigy dressed as herself, filled with gunpowder – how can I do that? They can’t be too bright, outwit them. Look confident. Someone is snickering, this is a game to them, they are bad, definitely bad people, EVIL, I need someone to show up right now, I will invent people, people very near, it’s worth a shot, How many people do I need? I can only pull of a few, maybe that will be enough… I don’t have time to even dial out. I’ll fake it… now, it’s gotta be now… NOWNOWNOW, DO SOMETHING, nothing to lose, everything to gain… be confident…. DO SOMETHING. This will NOT be how it ends.
The first page in my newest Moleskine sketchbook. I can't call it my new sketchbook, because it has been languishing in my purse for a very long time. I took it out occasionally and drew some odd geometric designs on a few pages, but the chickadee is the first non-doodle I've drawn in it.
Moon was impressed; his friend had been putting some practice in!
Best Television Prices – What You Need To Know
At one point, after one of those silences, he said, “You’re in good shape; you used to talk off the wall.” I puzzled over that one for awhile, then recalled that when I had been badgering him to endorse my book and he wasn’t returning any of my emails, each time I wrote him I opened with a bigger apology: “I don’t mean to be a nuisance, please forgive me, maybe you didn’t get my email” etc., and then even sent him a snail-mail letter on top of all that, until I finally browbeat him into at least agreeing to read my manuscript, but then as press time approached and I saw no blurb from him forthcoming, I bugged him one last time, and my apology had escalated to, “I know you must hate me and think I should rot in hell for all of eternity, but please know that our deadline is next week.”
Marlene P: Do you remember writing the first words? Are they still the same?
Here are the details and a quick explanation of what happened last year for those of you new to the scene:
It’s a glowing, vibrant, grand world of adventure, violence, tenderness, good humor, great friendship, and a prevailing love bound by blood. Above all, it is a distinctly human world in which God, important only in an abstract sense, proves fairly useless. When Stavro laments that God may have erred in preserving a few of his subjects after the Flood, he adds forgivingly that it wasn’t entirely God’s fault since, “God (like me at sixteen) didn’t know the world all that well and didn’t know what people were capable of doing.”
The Idiot, still out of breath from the furious attack, looked down at the sheets, and then looked at the now mutilated photograph still clenched in his fist…
The challenge this week at Lili of the Valley was to create something with a LOTV stamp using peach and green. So here's another stamp that was sitting in my drawer never inked. I'm almost as bad at hoarding my stamps as I am with hoarding paper. LOL
Now we can look to more than one passage of Scripture to see the symbiotic relationship that exists between singing and battle. But my favorite is this: Psalm 149, verses 5-9. It says:
Many many thanks to my friend Frizz at http://flickrcomments.wordpress.com/2012/01/06/weekly-photo-challenge-a-archive/ … He has continued the challenge for us and we are starting at “A”. As there are 52 weeks in a year and 26 letters in the alphabet then we are going to do a whip through the letters this year! Sounds like fun to me. I think I will see some wonderful images posted this way.
On top of all this, I haven’t been able to work out very much. I guess I’m still getting used to the fact that it rains a whole bunch here and no matter how much I tell myself I’m going to go for a run when I get home at 7 pm, it just doesn’t happen when it’s dark out from clouds and pouring down rain.
Notice a heavy leaning towards 90's and 80's? Some newer stuff, too, though, a bit.
“Having a starting point for inspiration is always a fun experiment, helping develop and explore my concept and work into a new realm,” says Lara.
But, like with everything else on the place, improvements are coming with time. It already looks 100 percent better than it did on the day I signed the papers and all the pasture is mostly grass instead of mostly weeds. Progress is slow, but slow progress is better than no progress!
Some sketches are more involved concepts, where I will combine hand sketching with computer graphics to achieve a more professional proposal like this one:then there are the sketches that are never fully realized, but most have the decency to not be aired on national TV..........haha!
I imagine stalling will feature quite heavily in the next few months of my life, hopefully. Hopefully, because if I am stalling I am at least trying. Wish me luck. I am sure I will need it! Ax
Recipients, please place this banner on your site with pride and feel free to link it back to this post. If you have any problems with it, don't hesitate to send me an email and I'll send you instructions
Edwin Wilson had contempt for his father. He was a slight, stooped man, a dreamer unable to provide for his wife and children, though on his death, the church was filled with tearful mourners. Wilson was grateful for taking after his mother, a tough, practical big boned woman. During his time with the merchant marine, Wilson challenged a bully who had been picking on the ships carpenter. While recovering after being knocked unconscious, Wilson was visited by the carpenter. Why’d you do that for, asked the carpenter. He wasn’t bothering me that much. That was the best lesson he ever got, Wilson would say. Knocked the last trace of idealism out of him.
as if to gather strength,
Maruti Suzuki Swift has emerged as the highest selling vehicle in the Indian automobile market in April 2012. The automaker sold 19,484 units of the Swift as against 17,842 units of the Alto last month. This has effected the sales of Maruti Alto last month as it slipped by 49.4% as compared to 35245 units in March 2012.
Preheat oven to 375 F. Roll out 1 biscuit on a lightly floured surface to a 4-inch circle. Brush half of the dough edge with glaze. Place 1 rounded tablespoon of filling on dough. Fold dough over to create a half circle; press edges to seal. Using a fork, crimp edge decoratively. Place empanada on heavy large baking sheet. Brush with glaze. Repeat with remaining biscuits, filling and glaze.
The Color Room
Petron can win it all with this line-up. Chemistry. Bond.
A three-movement montage, Lovers on a Bridge is Tom’s dedication and musical valentine to his wife, Jenni. It combines the perspectives of husband and wife. Pain, love, confusion, commitment, sorrow, compassion, remembered promises, new pledges written in the throes of searching for something true and almost lost. Lovers on a Bridge is deeply moving. Taken part by part, this mélange holds the sheen of tears. Taken in sum, it is an acoustic mural of affirmation for two long-time partners who renew their marriage—soulmates who share laughter roughly won.
Plus, I want to be able to fly(in a plane) of course. I am afraid to fly, big time. But, I am also afraid about not being able to sit in the seat. The bulk of my family lives in England, and my brother moved to Ohio. I would like someday to visit both.
16. So What - The Hippos
Yes, I admit it….as painful as it to say….I have been stacking my bottles….in the pantry….right alongside the boxes of Mac and Cheese and the endless boxes of Pop Tarts that fill the pantry.
Fleer experimented with a lot of different formats in the mid-1990s. This set was printed on white card stock with no gloss but with gold foil. Quantrill had been traded to the Blue Jays in December 1995 which is why this card says he's with the Blue Jays although he looks like a Phillie.
2. Aggressive
There are many things which are not explained in childhood. In a sense we are all artists sculpting the shape of our lives. We improvise, we grow like a garden full of flowers, we search till we find what is beautiful to us, We look for words that convey important concepts to us. In addition, as women we have to coordinate all of this with the various cycles of our gender. Puberty, falling in love, pregnancy, relationships, child rearing, a career all impact the composition of our lives. You consider that without instruction we go into life without a map. Some of us have plans, certain plans and then life often requires a sudden revision. It is back to the easel to pull out a new canvas, add some music for the soundtrack and you can begin again to create, design and compose your life. Over and over, as many times as we need to, those who embrace life to the fullest will always find a way to leave a brilliantly designed tapestry with a soundtrack to accompany it that would leave John Williams with his mouth hanging open.
Percy gave it life to the Templars, but was never obsessed by the cause teh way the others were. If things had been a little different, he would have walked away. But he stayed, and died, out of love for his best friend and his best friend's daughter.
Recommended for those who enjoy love stories and short series where each episode focuses on a new character; bonus for those interested in blood type theories.
After a decade of similar stories, you sort of get used to hearing about soldiers who have died overseas, and this one was no different, but what got to me was when the local news station I was watching ran the story, they put the kid’s picture full size on the screen and I was shocked at how young he looked. He was a soldier, he was a man, he was 23, but he looked like a big 14-year-old kid. I don’t mean that as an insult to him, he just looked so darn young and I was thinking that this guy shouldn’t be dead. He should be thinking about girls, baseball and movies instead of war, guns and death. Hopefully he’s in a better place now.
Pink By Design Stamps donated by Sarah
Hang Up #2.
I went.
The story really focuses on his spouse (Adèle) and her lover, Charles Sainte-Beuve. It starts out in Sainte-Beuve’s voice and we get to see the affair unfolding from his point of view. Then we read Adèle’s feelings about her infidelity and the unhappiness in her marriage, despite having four wonderful children. We learn how the lovers accept each other’s personal tragedies and why their relationship lasts as long as it does (including why the affair is beneficial to the both of them). There is such a sadness that cannot be expressed between them, concerning the impossibility of sharing a life together.
I told you at one time if I ever felt different about you, or wanted to break us off, I would tell you. That's what I'm trying to do now, but you know how good I am at explaining things. So instead of messing things up like I usually do, I'll let you draw your own conclusion.
12.Prejudice
High-stakes testing proponents claim these exams are vital tools for assessing our children and their teachers. I do not need a test to determine if my children are progressing with their education. By simply listening to them read regularly and checking their work, I can establish their strengths and weaknesses. My children’s teachers can conclude if they need extra reading or math assistance within a few weeks from the start of the school year. We do not need the expensive testing systems to make that determination.
And enduring,
“How about we just have less stuff?”
Clad in Carrara marble, the design of the arch was inspired by Rome’s Arch of Constantine and the Arc do Carrousel in Paris. The sculptural ornamentation, which includes works by Sir Richard Westmacott and Edward Hodges Baily, however, was apparently never completed and an equestrian statue of King George IV, originally destined for the top of the arch, instead now stands in Trafalgar Square. The bronze gates – which bear the lion of England, cypher of King George IV and image of St George and the Dragon – were designed by Samuel Parker.
set aside and let it dry.
They targeted FreeMarketAmerica.org for publishing this video "If I wanted America to fail", which states the opinion that if you wanted to destroy America, you'd do exactly what the proregressives have and desire to do, and I completely agree with that.
Okay, first the vest over jacket - I would never have even thought of trying this if not for the Challenge! What a fab idea - now, I want to see if I can do this with other vests/jackets I own. This is my "riding" jacket and my leather vest. I added a belt over top of it to ground it, if that makes any sense (or maybe I just wanted to be all matchy with my boots, hee hee).
Bah! (And yes, that is a Cleopatra headdress that the OG has on in the background.)
People need to stop forming angry mobs that go around assaulting people and trashing property. We are supposed to be a civilized nation. The actions of people congregating into vicious mobs and hurting people and destroying property does nothing to help anyone’s cause. We live in the best country on Earth. So, why are we acting like insanely violent, out of control, rampaging savages? Those seeking equality and justice are never going to get it acting like a bunch of uncivilized savages hell-bent on destruction. That is not how a civilized race should behave. Get a grip!
No one knew this but the violinist was Joshua Bell, one of the best musicians in the world. He played one of the most intricate pieces ever written with a violin worth 3.5 million dollars.
Highly recommended to Geeks and SF freaks. *****
Windsor, and Captain Fenner Joseph Woodward and Richard Pray, each
Keep working at it. If something doesn’t work out, revise your work and make it better. Try to increase your knowledge by reading books about writing, attending conferences, or joining a critique group.
Extra Entries (please leave a seperate comment for each :
“No,” Jane answered softly. “Go do what you gotta do and come back when you have a chance.”
This spring break was a lot more low key than last year when we went to Hawaii, but it was still a great break. It started out with a snow day...that's right, not winter break, but spring break. We ended up with a little over 6" on snow to enjoy for the first few days of break, which was very unexpected.
Out of shape and unprepared was how I got to the starting the line. I hadn't run since the previous Sunday when I'd participated in a relay and before then my running has been in fits and starts.
In brief, to be a potential “genius” you must trust your instincts, believe in yourself and write from the heart. To do any less is to cheat yourself – and your readers.
Date Bowl W/L Opponent PF PA January 1, 1947 Rose Bowl W UCLA 45 14 January 1, 1952 Rose Bowl W Stanford 40 7 January 1, 1964 Rose Bowl W Washington 17 7 December 29, 1982 Liberty Bowl L Alabama 15 21 January 2, 1984 Rose Bowl L UCLA 9 45 December 31, 1985 Peach Bowl L Army 29 31 December 29, 1988 All-American Bowl L Florida 10 14 January 1, 1990 Florida Citrus Bowl W Virginia 31 21 January 1, 1991 Hall of Fame Bowl L Clemson 0 30 December 31, 1991 John Hancock Bowl L UCLA 3 6 December 30, 1992 Holiday Bowl L Hawai 17 27 December 31, 1994 Liberty Bowl W E Carolina 30 0 December 30, 1999 MicronPC.com Bowl W Virginia 63 21 January 1, 2002 Sugar Bowl L LSU 34 47 January 1, 2008 Rose Bowl L USC 17 49 December 29, 2010 Texas Bowl W Baylor 38 14 Total 16 Bowl Games 7-9 398 354
Here is MORE about the effects of blue dye on critically ill patient (leading to death) and an image of a blue colon (be forewarned the photo is graphic).
Ha! Just little sniffles and stuffy noses... but they've never been this "sick" before. Poor little Eli is pitiful. Not only is my little guy stuffy-nosed (having to suction his nose every 45 minutes to an hour)...now he has a cough an is slightly hoarse. Not to mention he is teething...hard core. You can now see the tops of both of his little teeth. I must say... absolutely PRECIOUS.
One day, two days, three days had past.
Once these amazing artifacts are laid out before you, it’s not only easier to appreciate the postcard creation process, but the artistic and historic significance of these materials as well. In this building are thousands of original artifacts, examples of twentieth century material culture. We often marvel that this original material survived the manufacturing process and eventually found its way to this Archives. There is something to be said for a good file retention plan. It takes a lot time and money to process thousands of pieces of archival material and perhaps one day this component of the Curt Teich Postcard Archives will be cataloged and available to the public. For now, I will just have to be content with finding those rare treasures hidden in the attic.
Needless to say though, there will be resistance to the idea. The first and foremost problem is the "not invented here" syndrome. Many people who profess to be interested in change, or actively pursuing it, are actually more concerned with "self" and self aggrandisement. They will not support it because they did not think of it, and it hasn't got their name on it.
I'm hungry, I'm thirsty, the suicide nausea has passed, the pain is back under control, I'm cheerful and the headache has gone.
14. A couple just married were happy with the whole thing. He was happy with the Hole and she was happy with the Thing.
I found Acquisitions, LTD - based in North Carolina - with a parade of wondrous English and French pieces - furniture, decorative items - even that amazing collection of toys. And you know I can't pass up a chance at a tartan dresser. I mean, really . . .
1. It's raining.
every meal an outdoor picnic
- kernels from 2 ears of corn
Thus the reminder. It’s worked. Instead of going into default cookie monster, I stop and remind myself what’s at stake. Greens, some fruits, fish and meat. No sugar. Muscle food. On that note, I am so jealous of this: the Ohio TM event. Amherst quarry, bald eagle, the mist and water. What a gorgeous, gorgeous place.
About once a year: 25 (45%)
Forever is timeless, or it could be as short as a day.
-Consider the bottle (or box)
As I was in the shower (strangely, one of the most inspirational activities), it dawned upon me how photography is hardwired in the human brain.
Still, our day has gained almost nine hours since winter solstice and the time of dusk is now stretched to comprise one hour short of midnight and is only growing. In a month the night will truly be white, or light as we say here.
melts. Beat in the remaining ingredients, and spread on the hot cake. Cool
The Federal Reserve is a private bank owned and operated for profit by a very powerful group of elite international bankers. If you pull out a dollar bill and take a look at it, you will notice that it says “Federal Reserve Note” at the top.
We tried government control, we tried free market, we tried revolutions and we tried all possible –isms yet none of these applications brought us the desired results. Watching the documentaries it was interesting to see how throughout history we had this constantly persisting believe that we are, as humans, fundamentally flawed and the best we can do is to try and control our inner evil so that we don’t destroy ourselves and each other. I admit that looking at all the bullshit that is here in the world it’s difficult to avoid the feeling of uselessness regarding humanity, yet we have evidence that the real change is actually possible if only we start addressing the actual problems that are causing the human dysfunction.
We've been busy over the past few weeks, particularly with staying healthy! Avery has had a nasty cold that we've managed to keep away from Griffin (fingers crossed). Chris was not so lucky.
4) Beauty
I admire stunt people intensely. They’re willing to do the crazy things I and other writers dream up that most Stars are unwilling (or unable) to do. Stunties do NOT get paid enough and absolutely do not get enough recognition for their efforts (think I’m joking?)
I know that I have choices. I know that I don’t HAVE to go to California. I’m afraid that if I don’t go to California that the alternative will be worse. That he will come here… that I may end up back in the garden shed and that I may not leave. I’m not willing to find out. I’m not willing to be on the look-out. I’m willing to meet them somewhere to stop that from happening. I’m willing to have dinner with them in a public setting, I’m willing to confront them in a public setting. I’m willing to say, “Yes, I’m about to turn your whole life upside down, whether you’re ready to acknowledge it or not.” I am scared. I am putting myself in harms way… but prepared. If I don’t, I will be waiting for harm to come upon me and not prepared. So it is what it is.
Here goes...I HEART Pinterest. I do, but as I am perusing the ideas for cool crafts, great activities for my kiddies at school, or inspirational home decor, it has to be EASY! If a recipes has more than 5 ingredients, I will not make it. Honest truth! I do not have the patience or time for that.
Now is Greedce. One of those sincere power ballads. Blagh. The lead singer is bendy, though.
“The message of John is that we should never allow ourselves to focus attention simply on the sensational aspect of miracles, whether they be ancient or modern, but to recognize the fact that they manifest God’s glory and thereby are designed to engender faith, not only on the part of those who are themselves involved, but faith on the part of those who look on as well. In practice, this means that the ‘personalistic’ tendency we often confront in our modern world, the tendency to reduce God to a privatized wonder-worker at our own beck and call, needs to be made subject to the larger concerns of life. It is sad how often the relation of what miracle God has performed on our lives is dominated by language of ‘I’, ‘me’ and ‘mine’. In the face of some of the issues that God calls us to engage with in our world (and thereby manifest his presence!), the way in which we concentrate on trivial and inconsequential events (‘God helped me find a parking space today! Isn’t that a miracle!’) can be positively offensive to the non-believer, and ultimately dishonouring to God himself.
4). Yu Darvish, (age 25), has a record of 4-0 in his first year in the AL…in the majors for that matter. He has given up just 30 hits and 8 earned runs in 33.0 innings of work. That is good for a 2.18 ERA. What’s more, he averages over 6 innings a start, with 9 strikeouts a game, while walking only 4.6.
So one random day we ran into each other and started hanging out. Next thing you know we are dating and here we are almost 2 years later moving back to Kenosha to start the next chapter in our lives. Right where my life began.
What would we do without the scavengers though. Have a beautiful Sunday.
"Yes, but I love drawing, so I don't mind making ones that aren't exactly what I had in my mind. I like figuring out how to create it the way I want, and that means a lot of time trying and practicing until I get it just as I like it."
With a simple glance our carriage rider has already begun pulling down food supplies from the back of the carriage. Fortunately, I will eat well; mother and father always travel prepared. Neither of them looks that concerned though, they will likely send out some sell sword to watch after me or fetch me in a day.
And for once, they're totally right.
The truth is... I 100% know I made the right decision, but I also know that I could have run and finished that marathon. But fortunately, I had my "big picture" hat on and knew that healing would take longer if I pounded through that discomfort. Plus, it helped, to be perfectly honest, that Big D, for me, was more about the 4 amazing women that would be taking on their first marathon. And this issue allowed me to be totally there for them instead of worried about my own race and issues... which, looking back, is exactly where I should have been - on the course, cheering.
through summer days
Ink: Archival Ink- Jet Black, Distress Ink- Walnut Stain
I've always noticed that you can tell a lot about people by how they view the world. A thief thinks everyone is going to steal from them, a liar thinks everyone is lying...etc...etc. Following this theory, what does Britney being snowed by K-fed say about her? Well, probably that she never expected to be treated this way because she would never treat anyone this way. She never saw his opportunistic nature because she has a generous nature. I think that she 'Is that Innocent' actually. And I relate to this too.
Those who have read some of my fiction - below and in older posts - will know I'm more comfortable writing about 2000 words. Telling a tale with a point in just 100 with a clear beginning, middle and end was probably one of the hardest things I've ever done but I did it.
GREAT discussion on Minimalism today, guys. I had a really good time talking with you guys about the design and aesthetics, and poking a little fun at it, too! Thank you for making it enjoyable as well as informative!
our predictions.”
My life is not all that remarkable. Sometimes I am witty, sometimes I am sharp-edged, sometimes I whine… most of the time I LIVE. That has become incredibly important to me as of late.
New plan? Go to the mall and buy a “regular” bra that I can wear comfortably for the next month to two months. Then, when the wonton’s a little closer to being born, I’ll go back to the lovely bra store and buy some nursing bras.
A lawsuit was filed today (November 23rd US time) that could end the secret government that has ruled Western civilization for at least the past 300 years. The lawsuit claims that close to $1 trillion was stolen by, among others, UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon and the UN, former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and the Italian government, Giancarlo Bruno and the Davos World Economic forum and others believed to include many of the owners of the US Federal Reserve Board. The lawsuit was filed in New York by Neil Keenan, acting as representative of the Dragon family, a reclusive group of wealthy Asian families. This filing is the result of extensive evidence gathering by international police and law-enforcement agencies including Interpol, the CIA, the Japanese Security Police, Eastern European secret services and has the backing of the Pentagon as well as the armed forces of Russia and China.
Eventually, tears moved to a suffused glow of happiness. I felt so good at this point that I said aloud in my vision space, “I am so happy!” Instantly, a group of pure white daisies appeared in front of me. They rapidly overlapped each other until they filled my entire view with beautiful white blossoms! Then they slowly faded away until only the darkness of the room was left. I tried saying it again, and once more the flowers appeared and filled my view! Each time I said, “I feel happy!” The blooms filled my eyes in response. It was a magnificent visual symbol directly reflecting my feelings, and this time the visual image was in full color and depth. I continued to project happiness, health, and joy to each of my companions in the ceremony.
The Guards' intelligence office also runs operations out of mosques and Islamic centers around the world, according to sources. It finances the facilities, guides assets, recruits Muslims for reconnaissance of potential targets in host countries and forms alliances with other Islamic minorities such as Afghans, Pakistanis, Turks for terrorist operations.
“I was really, really excited by the things you could do by bending that tongue,” she said.
I so want to take a class from Leighanne Light! Her work inspires me. After viewing a few of her things on her blog, I had to try. I did the viewing of her blog last year, and once I had the studio reorganized and cleaned, I decided to try. It didn't hurt that I found some "art supplies" in the way of junk pieces while I was cleaning either, lol. I had some tins to cut up and other metal parts so I went to work. I could not remember exactly how she makes her creations, in this case birds, so I just started with what seemed the right way. I made two, and started a third. Then everything got put on hold for a while due to health. I am glad to report that that all seems to be resolved and I am looking forward to getting back into the swing of things! Any way, with each effort, after the first three birds, I found I began to get more creative with the designs. Here they are:
2010.09.14 Iraq Baghdad 1 0 A woman of 'ill-repute' is hanged in her own home by suspected fundamentalists.
And um, I realize that's not the best camera angle for my hand (dude, it looks HUGE) so I apologize for that. And our clunky keyboard has a plastic-y sound that I hate (if you have an unwanted piano, feel free to send it to me!)
Two District councillors.
for fresh, new content, that you csn use in your ezine or
He also said that the average
As he rushed to the bedroom, he found his wife still curled up in the bed in her pajamas, reading a novel. She looked up at him, smiled, and asked how his day went.
And god, this:
Over the course of the Korean War, the U.S. dropped more bombs on Korea than it did in the entirety of the World War II Pacific theater, killing more than a million Koreans and destroying most of the north’s cities. Equally horrific was the execution of hundreds of thousands of suspected communist sympathizers by Syngman Rhee’s U.S.-backed fascist government, which took power in southern Korea.
At this point I’d been taking acid regularly since boxing day 1989, on most weekends, and it was the only drug in my life(including alcohol) and i think it dominated my life.
Countries
Just in case, I'll be emailing the images to the customers which had problems. My sincere apologies for the inconvenience.
“It teaches kids to stand up to bullies and outsmart them.”
- it tends, however unintentionally, to assume that ‘we’ are centre stage – that ‘we’ have the ability, power and influence to change the culture, to regain ground.
The one in front of you.
Well, when Mousie turned one in January, I was a bit tired of being comfy, so I joined Weight Watchers. And it worked, for a while. But after a couple of months and about 12 kilos, I became really good at maintaining my weight. An expert, you might say. I was being really good at walking with the pram almost every day, and eating fresh, healthy foods. But clearly, I was eating a little bit too much, and not moving quite enough.
(who knew? Do all motorcycles REALLY have lights on all the time?)
One I will always remember and
Shortlisted for the Berkshire Book Award 2008.
Who’s closet would you want to raid?
The plan is to meet up in the Spring but maybe we may be able to meet up for Thinking Day in London -maybe even be lucky enough to get tickets to to Westminster Abby for the service - fingers crossed.
Costes – the interior courtyard is divine, daaaarlings.
In addition to the acorn squash that I picked from my garden on Friday, my youngest sister arrived for a weekend visit with bags of squash from our middle sister's enormous Indiana garden. Since I need to use it up, the focus of our meals this week will be some of my favorite squash recipes. I have acorn, butternut, spaghetti, yellow crookneck, and still more zucchini.
Did you hear about that??? Now, I like me some Coca-Cola, but I don't think I could physically drink that much in the span of a day. And now I am scared to death to drink it. Especially after I read this...
Now, in accepting these awards, I have to do certain things. They are:
Over at Hiller Aviation in San Carlos is Fly Me to the Food. If you’re mid peninsula, it’s a good way to get out of the walls that surround you and enjoy some tasty grub.
Stamps: Monkey Business
Sow and know his know
And another cheery symptom---throwing up. My mom threw up so many times I was worried that she would get dehydrated. My sis also threw up, and as for myself, I coughed so hard I about did. But I made myself hold it in.
It is clear that the MailOnline is the most popular out of the 44 people who responded to the poll, with 36% of the vote. This surprised me as it is part of the Daily Mail tabloid website, and not a site purely dedicated to entertainment.
Use a rolling pin to flatten one disk and put that on a greased pie pan. I've used a cake pan as well. Add cooled cherry filling (recipe below) and top with other rolled out disk. Crimp edges.
So, you’ve had your baby. You’re feeling up to exercise, but you don’t quite know what you should and shouldn’t be doing when it comes down to it. You know certain areas of your body have been affected, but how do you know what to strengthen, what to stretch, and what to focus on?
David Hewitt:
I’m having a spaz attack.
Almost aflame still you don't feel the heat
Wise friends look out for each others best interests. After spending time with a friend do you feel better about yourself—in the four areas mentioned above? Does the friend build you up or tear you down?
1.here to stay
I thought I'd share this tag with you whilst I'm beavering away.....
And I’m realizing that I get so caught up in my own sense of sadness that I use it as a point of release for all the past stresses and heartaches as an adult. I don’t need to do that anymore. So why can’t I just get over it already? Everything that’s happened has happened what seems like a lifetime ago, and I’m not even close to the kind of person I was back then as a child/teenager.
Occupy Advent.
We need to look at the white horse from the perspective of Roman culture. It was the practice of triumphant military commanders, like Julius Caesar for example, to enter Rome riding on a white horse. In the Roman Empire, white horses were a symbol of victory, of triumphant military achievement.
You see I’ve always been a fighter
I think we completely miss the point of these passages.
People fear madness. It's too close and too real. It's almost as if we're scared it's contagious. And who knows, maybe it is. Whether or not that's true, with H in hospital, B's condition freaking out anyone who comes into contact with him, and constant arguments raging, our home has moved in the space of a week from being a cool place for people to come and hang out at all hours of day and night to a hollow shell filled with bad vibes and a tense and poisonous atmosphere.
A police spokesman referred calls for comment to Nigeria’s military. Military spokesman Lieutenant Iweha Ikedichi said soldiers and police had surrounded the university and were searching for the gunmen.
As the child of a single parent schoolteacher with conservative-- perhaps even 'tightwad'-- purse-strings, I also learned very early on that several hand-me-down or used-clothing-shop outfits were far superior to just one new outfit. It took me many years to release the resentment I felt at the time to be forced to be so much less fashionable than my (rather wealthy) peers, but I now realize that I learned skills that the girls whose mothers spent weekends in Bloomingdale's would probably never acquire (whether they'd ever have the financial necessity for such skills is another matter, but they say money can't buy happiness anyway, right?).
In today's publishing world how many really good books are missed?
STRAIGHT FORWARD ACTION: A woman’s child is kidnapped.
"Could your minister be relieved of some of his administrative workload so that he can devote time to training one or two new leaders?" (pg. 25)
Reduce suffering seems to be a pretty sensible answer, and here we see a confluence of Stoic and Epicurean approaches to these issues that Hadot is quick to point out. Pursuit of Stoic virtue leads naturally to the reduction of suffering, and Epicurean pursuit of pleasure leads to a virtuous life. This strange confluence results from the fact that both of these schools concentrate on the unity of the present and the whole. And while my contemporary sensibilities don’t think we can ever depersonalize and see the world “objectively” or “universally,” something the Ancients generally believed possible, they also believed that so few became “sages” that practically the result was the same, namely, that it is the effort and intention of virtue, certainly for the Stoics, that mattered, and which, from an Epicurean perspective, would be, in a sense, the unintended consequence of a true pursuit of pleasure.
LAS VEGAS, NV (Jan. 10, 2012) – In celebration of James Bond’s monumental golden anniversary, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios and Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment today unveiled BOND 50, a collectible box-set featuring all 22 James Bond films on Blu-ray Disc for the first time in one complete offering. The longest running film franchise of all time, the Bond 50 collection marks the debut of nine James Bond films previously unavailable in high definition Blu-ray. Fans around the world can pre-order now with participating online retailers.
I would start off this post by wishing everyone a Happy New Year! I'm so grateful for 2010 that I'm still doing work that I enjoy and doing my hobby (baking that is) at the same time. Although I must say that compared to 2009, I baked A LOT more in 2010 and I'm glad that at least I think I'm growing in terms of knowledge. I also get to see and spend time with my mom, twin sis, and my other brother that I haven't met for years.
Ah, yes. I've been away far too long.
So here´s a vision: a Nineteenth century house, lit up with candles and chrystal chandeliers. It´s Christmas Eve and there´s a big party going on. Everyone´s at the table; gala dresses, pretty hairdos, jewelery, lots of noise and laughter. Outside: poor people, skinny and badly dressed, in blueish light, looking in on the festivities.
Clyde.’
Derision and disdain from traditional media is nothing new when it comes to the topic of food blogs, but presuming that food bloggers expect or intend to replace traditional food media misses the whole point of social media and the blogging landscape.
In March, Beacon Hill entered into a strategic marketing partnership with the Vitol Group, including an agreement whereby Vitol Group will act as agent to market export coal produced by the mine. At the time Bob Finch said “We are delighted to have entered into this partnership with Beacon Hill, which has allowed us to have a presence in the Moatize Basin of Mozambique, which we consider to be one of the world’s most significant undeveloped coking coal regions.”
On new years eve, December 31st 2008, the section of Pierre van Ryneveld around Melville and Jim Verster streets was besieged by a combination of police vehicles, a police helicopter and many of the local residents when a group of armed men attempted to flee through the gardens in the vicinity.
It is reputed that academia demands rigorous scholarship and utmost respect for truth. Honest journalism makes the same demands.
Although a photograph is one form of artistic work which is protected under the Copyrights Designs and Patents Act (CDPA), not every photograph is an artistic work. Following the European cases of Infopaq and Painer, for copyright to subsist in a photograph it must be the “author’s own intellectual creation”. Painer went into considerable detail as to what did and did not constitute the “author’s own intellectual creation” but it effectively means that not every snapshot that you take on e.g. your smart phone has copyright protection.
It looks like you can use a few Apps to track your runs, however for now, I am just tracking my runs on my phone, and manually entering them in.
There was a small town about four miles away from the camp. There was a grocery store, an ice cream stand and girls in the town, which made it a place we wanted to escape to. Except camp never took us there. We were a self-contained community with no reason to escape from the friendly confines.
If you are able to post Javascript (Blogger, self-hosted WordPress, etc.) all you need to do is include the following somewhere in your page’s template where it will be seen every time someone views your blog (such as on the sidebar):
One product I had a go of a while back was “basics” cider, blogged here. A surprisingly cheap and quite pleasant product for those of us for whom “discerning grog appreciation” means throwing it down our necks and enjoying getting a little tidily.
The future of council housing in Sheffield is under consultation as the agreement between the City Council and Sheffield Homes will end in the year of 2004.
4. Drawing Flies
All you need to do to enter is leave your name and a direct link to your entry with Mr Linky so that we can come visit you and if you don't have a blog...just e-mail your entry to Kath and she will pop it on the blog for you and you will also qualify for the prize draw.
I remained thankful that we didn’t have to deal with any of that, right up until a few months ago, when J. and I realized once and for all that we could no longer ignore P.’s intolerance to food dyes. If you’re keeping track, that means that in the space of less than a year and a half, I went from parenting two typical children with no dietary needs, to parenting one atypical child with no dietary needs and one typical child with a noticeable food intolerance. Sigh. I didn’t mind cutting out dyes from P.’s diet – especially since we don’t approve of them and don’t serve foods in our home that contain dyes anyway – but managing the issue outside of our home environment has been a learning curve that gave me fresh insight into the special hell that is the world of a food allergy parent.
4. I need ________ number of sales a month to hit my monthly sales goal. #2 divided by #3 = #4
(sorry for the picture-less post but my app that I blog on isn't working so I had to settle for writing it on blogger from my iPad which sucks!!!!!)
Although that ending has been much discussed across the decades, I'd successfully managed to avoid any knowledge about the outcome until this point, and was drawn into the film's hypnotic rhythm unawares. Although less sweaty than films like The Window or Rear Window -- the window in question here is of a different order, but still, what is it about windows in New York? -- it's very much a classic of the New York summertime, with unexpected occurrences multiplying in the humidity.
With the entire settlement’s mine closed you would think this would be the end for Oatman. It was Oatman’s location along Route 66 kept the travelers passing through the town. Oatman enjoyed the traffic and visitors, but in 1953 a new highway was constructed and the entire town was bypassed. By the 1960’s, Oatman was almost empty and looking much like a ghost town.
“The only sensible way to live in this world is without rules!”
Many of you — we have heard your pleas and cries in the night, we have seen you pulling out your hair, saying, “How are we going to do this?” Did you think we were just going to ignore your pleas? Did you think that the fullness of our partnership would not come to pass? No. Now, the key in this — and I am glad you have asked me this question — you have to be willing. This is where your innate gift of free choice comes in. You have to be willing to surrender, or to think of as your old third dimensional self.
– Alexandros Callimachi, not fearing any spectre
Have other things to blog on - camping weekends and the likes, have a killer cold now and have 2 days to better myself..
Around their outsides are beautifully preserved decorations, with geometric shapes representing what is thought to be three animal gods the Chachapoyans worshipped – the caiman, puma and snake.
Afrikaans, in particular, has come under the ANC’s attack, as the government attempts to compel Afrikaans schools to adopt English. Afrikaans-speaking universities, for example, have been labeled racist in the New South Africa and have been forced to merge with “third-rate black institutions so that campuses may be swamped by blacks demanding instruction in English,” to quote the Afrikaner intellectual, Dan Roodt.
Windows Vista and server 2008
ATHLETICO SPIZZ 80 – Do A Runner (1980) not on CD
"Yesterday, explosive emails were released that show that Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt schemed with the Murdochs to help them win the BSkyB deal. This is an outrageous breach of his public duties, but if we raise our voices now we can get him fired.
of life–pass it on.
Atheist: Okay I admit that is kinda funny.
He shrugged, 'Yeah we can do that.'
BOTH new biographies of Dickens, which will be appropriately read this bi-centenary year. Two beautifully-produced titles - The Dud Avocado and A Boy at the Hogarth Press (Have to share this one with husband).
How's that for revenge?
can you send me an email
A: ‘Amazing’ is a word I use too much while commenting on blogs – I can’t help it because they are!
"If you would just let this little boy live long enough to get to his new family, I will believe in you again."
NEVER tell me the odds. (Han Solo)
Mom: Have you read this book 50 Shades of Grey?
Which got me thinking. Everyone who kicks a football round the park doesn't want to be a professional football player. Everyone who cooks doesn't want to be a chef. So why is there this assumption that if you write, you must want to do it professionally?
This super cool altered jar is a new project and was created just for this Design Team Call. I wanted to showcase my style using several of Graphic 45's Collection's. Also I wanted to showcase that even though it's not Halloween you can still be inspired to create just from the collection itself! Amazing stuff!! I LOVE this line!!
Culture is not the only thing that companies have to worry about. Each country has its own labor and employment laws as well as mandated benefits. Sometimes they are very complicated. If there is a local Human Resources person in the country he/she will understand these local labor laws and mandated benefits. If there is no local HR person in a country you need to find a reputable local labor lawyer in that country that can advise you.
We are expecting all students to fill our IRB forms, to ensure that you understand the IRB process, regardless of whether they will be submitted for this study. It is one of the assignments for the course. Since you have had previous experience, it should not be difficult for you. However, you still need to demonstrate your knowledge of this.
Recommendation:
I'm going to do the online program for 3 months. My intention is that this will get me back into a routine, even with the not-so-new-anymore changes in my life.
A good follower follows by intuition so she can concentrate on the music rather than the lead. The leader does his part to lead her dance to the music, but he can only do so by estimating the beat. If the beat is already on, then it is too late to signal her. The problem with estimating is that he can't be one hundred percent accurate at all time, especially when a song has irregular rhythms, and many of them do. Very often, his signal is slightly too early or late. For this reason, the follower should listen to the music and be responsible for keeping her own beat. If she only concentrates on the lead, she will miss the beat more often than she thinks.
Collaboration and empowerment go a long way in reengaging your team and motivating them to do more and better.
Over the rivers fishes are gliding the golden way.
So we have two levels of comparison here. One is in the schism of disagreement on basic sources, that is, the sources considered holy and thus basic for further understanding of Allah’s will, the other the schisms within the major movements, where it is a question more about different principles in the interpretation of these sources, than the sources themselves.
Social Security’s ban covers all Internet sites, including social media such as Facebook.
Palate: This was tough. My synapses fired forth images from the “Animal Kingdom” portion of my brain, that section that helps me say “Run for your lives, it’s a lion!” when a lion is near. Savoring (not gulping, but actually swishing), Scoresby must be very close to whatever fluids are used by animals to mark their territory. Even further, I’d say that Scoresby was sprayed by a pregnant female in that it offers the contours of a spray enhanced by hormone increases.
George McDaniel
I would totally have partners if I wanted to do these things, and in fact one of the girls went for a run without me one morning because I was still too tired to function. I WANT to be doing more and doing the things I’m supposed to be doing, but I really don’t want to push myself. For that reason, I’m sticking to what we have to do (and are paying to do, this training seminar was NOT cheap) rather than going overboard. I’m not sure how I feel about this. But walking or biking for about 2 hours each day is still better than NOT doing those things.
From this list I intend to use:
Jeanne, you will be greatly missed on the team. You are such a huge part of the success of High Hopes over the years and your humor has entertained the Divas to no end!!
Then our new story begins – Once upon a Heavenly time …
Bake at 325 F for 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean.
Muller-Moore now has six months to appeal the preliminary decision. Not surprisingly, he has already indicated that he does not plan to abandon his application. “There’s still a lot of fighting to be done,” he says.
In short, like Gauguin you are only ever the real you to yourself and hopefully the ones you love. Others will always have to build a ‘you’ out of the information that you provide, so be honest with yourself and perhaps others won’t be disappointed when they get to know the real you!
And you know a movie has got something special going for it when the biggest chuckle is earned when one of the shirtless butt-sniffers yells "unspeakable atrocities" at the top of his lungs.
3. ONLINE NOW! The new juried art exhibit, ISOLATION, hosted by Caladan Gallery of MA. I have several photos in this show along with other artists from across the US & abroad! And you don’t have to leave home to see it…just go to http:www.CaladanGallery.com and take a look.
THEN if you have instagram with tilt shift effect you can really enjoy yourself!
The drama bit of Uwe Boll's docu-drama. It depicts the arrival of a large number of Jews at Auschwitz. Moments later, the infants and younger children are separated from the adults and shot in the head. On camera. I'm not a big watcher of sensitively handled things, but I'm still pretty positive that shooting children in the head is not the way to go about being sensitive. The rest of the victims are sent to the showers where they strip off and await the inevitable. Meanwhile, two Nazi officers talk about their holidays and birthdays whilst drinking vodka. Admittedly, this bit works well, showing the banality of evil and the terrifyingly human face of Nazi. In the background, Uwe Boll hulks around as the only Nazi officer who apparently doesn't have to wear a helmet, eating a sandwich.
Last week, I was proud to present Tong Heng here, and it is heartwarming to see that its present generation of owners continuing to preserve its legacy.
I'm chopping my hair off for charity... yes, you read that right, my long locks are going and will be replaced with a super short pixie crop!
Do we somehow have many ‘birth’ experiences? Moving from one state to another, some gradual, some fast.
So hear I am embarking on this train off to my first day of work and the first time in forever this journey has not seemed boring at all. I have my funky lil netbook and I whipped it out thinking that I could get onto the internet and enjoy myself.
The displaced operative whispered to him, “you have to stay, tell her there is a problem with the baggage, I’ll wait”, and that was all he said.
I can’t wait. What a week of remembrance this is!
C is for ... cute with improvement required?
“I would like to apologize to his children and his wife,” Christian said.
to be the only legit way to show them.
They simply want your underpants--
Over the course of the story, they both manipulate the people surrounding them and it is painfull as a reader to see good-hearted characters grow cruel and wary towards everyone.
The first one is a new die for me, from Memory box, a Christmas tree. So dainty, but enjoyable to work with. It does not show here, but the tree was sprayed with a spray called Mr. Hueys, and it adds a very nice glimmer to it. I would have used bling and not the red bows that are on the tree, but had to use them as they were part of the package supplied by the cove.
I shared with you all that I will be starting a weight-loss challenge today. This means I will be weighed and measured!! YIKES!! Yesterday it seemed as if I ate everything I could! I spent some time planning our meals and getting some healthy snack ready so that I won't get past that point of hunger and eat more calories than I am allowed. I made sure my app was on my IPhone where I log my food intake. I really am ready to go - I've done all I can do to make this a success...
Sircar S, Lahiri P. Lindane (gamma-HCH) causes reproductive failure and fetotoxicity in mice. Toxicol 1989; 59:171-177.
2. When you do fall in love with one or more people a week do you or someone else have to remind you that the person you are in love with is a character in a book?
Oh, that prissy nudge, as if being Lesbian is at once something remarkable, shocking and unnameable, only fit for a sly allusion- but an allusion which no-one will miss. I hate this novel, and this character sometimes. The steady contempt for the Blochs’ Jewishness. I want, in a novel, to have some sympathy, some respect. The elder Marcel is more unsparing of his younger self than of anyone else, and generalises from himself:
“It was very intense,” Esquinca said. “You just want the time to run out (when) playing a man down.
He was standing there as a public servant telling lie after lie, he was quoting the blogs in detail and then stating he never read them, because they were a pack of lies! - when asked from the floor how he knew they were a pack of lies if he never read them, he was completely stumped for an answer, and however much he blustered he just showed himself for the dishonest, corrupt, nasty little parasite he is.
Of late we've preferred country walks with maybe a pub lunch along the way. This holiday we've not even strayed from our village to set out across the fields for the afternoon and after an hour or so have returned home for tea and homemade cake. The recent acquisition of a hide key at a local lake ( for a nominal sum) means a morning quietly watching bird-life has cost us little more than a bit of petrol and our time. I need town less and less and open quiet countryside more.
In 2001, a fire occurred at Erwadi dargah in south India, a highly popular Sufi Muslim shrine with reputed miraculous powers to heal people with mental ailments. The fire killed 25 people who had been chained up in the surrounding boarding houses. Sensational media reports portrayed healing shrines as ‘backward’, and revealed that psychiatric services were in a dismal state across most of the country. There were widespread calls for the modernisation of the mental health sector.
241 cartel operatives have been arrested in Texas since 2009, DPS Col. Steve McCraw told the Transportation and Homeland Security Committee this morning. He said cartels inside Mexico are using "terrorist tactics" for criminal operations, but not yet on the US side. He mentioned a point Grits has emphasized before, that cartels have "leveraged" Texas prison gangs for use as assassins and smugglers inside Mexico, reinforcing the fact that most of the real "spillover" so far has gone southward.
9 dexterous
have the celebration about 4:00. But to be safe, we said the celebration would be at
Finally, "Forestfloor 4" features a blazing black metal riff (with actual progression) prominently towards the beginning of the song. Rehburg slowly creeps in with digitized (and slightly understated) growls which pan back and forth.
Stamps: 3 Step Baseball, Multi Step Ornaments & Stars (KSS)
As part of their efforts for the Sexual Assault Awareness Month, the OKC YMCA will be hosting a 2-Minute 5k run that will benefit those who have been victims of sexual assault. The fundraising will not only provide donations to the victims but will also create awareness about the very real issue of sexual assault.
Thirty-eight of the 43 women in the study had normal Pap smears and normal tissue biopsies after treatment. The study concluded that these protocols might benefit the health of patients undergoing more traditional treatments for cervical dysplasia, such as cryosurgery.
JM: How have you organized thirty years of scholarship and more than two hundred objects for this exhibition?
I got myself one of the brush sets too! I’ve heard so much about Mac brushes that I wanted to try out for myself. Plus I has been wanting to get a duo fiber brush for the longest time. at 25% off, I couldn’t resist anymore. Who can resist the lovely red handles?!
I really didn't collect a whole lot of Pacific baseball back then, but their designs appeared to be very collector friendly. Not a whole lot of bells and whistles on this card, outside of the glow, and the back was pretty clean as well, with another pic, a quick blurb about the previous season, and finally the previous season's stats above his career stats.
This makes a lot, about 4 C.
With our hero at the wheel (and the speed camera warnings on the sat-nav giving plenty of warning) we make good time to our home for the next four days… Greencarts Bunkhouse, Humshaugh
WHEN? Saturday, October 24
Pull bowls out of oven and remove foil. Add cheese to egg mixture and stir to combine. Place 1/3 mixture in each well, cover with foil again and place back into oven for 20 minutes. Remove foil and bake for then more minutes. Serve.
Front panniers
"That seems to fit your soul very well," he replied, looking into her eyes. "I knew a girl whose name was Pearl. She had a very deep and precious soul. Although she had been severely abused as a child in an orphanage, she grew up to be the kindest person I have ever met. Pearl had the ability to do what most of us cannot: She saw the universe through a keyhole. She found little pieces of evidence of kindness and goodness in the world through the little keyhole to the universe, and it these bits of goodness shaped who she was. Many of us focus on a few negative things in the world and we then cannot see the beauty all around us. She found the beauty just through small glimpses of the divine."
A few days before we left Japan, we travelled by train with our son, daughter-in-law and grandchildren to visit Kanazawa (Robert was keen to see the place as he teaches students who come from that city). From there we went on to Toyama, on Japan's west coast, where Steve lived when he first came to Japan. I find it amusing that while he was living there, he was often mistaken for a Russian. (A lot of Russians visit Toyama, as it is relatively close to the mainland of Russia).
Griffin and I watch the same shows as we work out on the equipment and then on the car ride home, we actually talk about them. Last week we had a discussion about the role sexually explicit media material has on behavior in children. (Law and Order SVU – some child raped other children and the defense was “the TV made me do it”.)
To the right is the sweetest hand embroidered brooch of Marie Antoinette with the best Aqua hair and eyebrows I have ever seen....my darling Donna had this sent to me from the artist in Israel. So sweet and touching !
...have a dog who makes appearances on this blog every now and then.
Aside from providing transportation, these railroads pumped money into local economies during their construction phase and provided better access to markets for farmers and manufacturers. Land values increased and having a railroad inspired local businesses to expand. Grant argues that even the least successful railroads managed to significantly improve their local economies.
After conducting thousands of hours of interviews, the oral historian has to sift through the tape to cull the choicest quotes, the ones that actually say something interesting, substantive, or revealing. As most journalists know, not all sources give good quotes, and not everyone is a natural storyteller. Some people ramble. Others jump around. Some say ‘um’ too much, or ‘like,’ like, um, way too much, and double back on themselves, don’t get the point, repeat and repeat, or can’t remember enough specifics to make their comments useful. So authors edit and refine such quotes. When including a block of quoted text, oral historians also have to leave out their own comments in order to preserve the quote’s integrity, namely, the comments the interviewer made in the middle of the conversation in order to extract more information (“So what was that like?”) and to keep sources talking (“Cool, tell me more.”). And they have to cluster and order their text so that the story’s arc, or a gestalt, emerges. That’s hard work, and an art in itself.
Be prepared for the appearing of Christ Himself. “Every eye shall see Him.” This is what John was sent to prepare the people for. It is what we teach you, as stewards of the Mysteries of Christ, the mysteries revealed in His word, and the seven Mysteries or sacraments.
Mix wet. Mix dry. Combine the two. Then add the oats and raisins at the end. Simple as that!
A Wife After God's Own Heart reveals how you can have what every married woman desires- a wonderful marriage filled with mutual love, friendship, romance, and happiness. And, a an added bonus, each chapter ends with "little things" you can do right now- today!- to enhance your relationship with your husband.
The Good Shepherd said, “Feed my lambs.” (John 21:15.) So a woman feeds her loved ones, providing succor and sustenance just as the Savior would do. Her divine gift is to nurture, to help the young, to care for the poor, to lift the brokenhearted.
Total spending for the year: $693.98
3. Simple toys that do not require batteries and can be used in a variety of ways, last the longest, are best for independent play and are the best value. Toys like blocks, legos, wooden train tracks, etc.
across this beautiful parks.. We just don't have parks like this in
Poverty causes credit constraints. This stops the poor investing in businesses or education; the low aspirations caused by poverty can have the same effect. … Inequality can create the threat of redistribution which can blunt incentives to invest. Or it can lead to state interventions – such as the minimum wage – that harm wealth creation. … The backlash against wealth-creating processes such as globalization, offshoring and private equity in the UK and US are founded in the view that they create inequality. If we had better redistribution mechanisms (say, a basic income) such backlashes would be reduced, and the wealth creation process enhanced. (source)
A great example of this is Mary Balogh’s A Secret Affair. The hero, Constantine Huxtable, was born two days after his parent’s wedding, thus rendering him ineligible to inherit his father’s earldom (this is actually the basis for the series, as a cousin inherits instead). But wait, you say. Grace Burrowes has a hero who’s illegitimate, and he’s an earl! In The Soldier, Devlin St. Just is the bastard son of a duke, and he does gain an earldom, but not through inheritance. St. Just’s title was granted for service to the Crown during the Napoleonic Wars, and it was the monarch’s prerogative to confer the honor. (Where do you think all those nobles came from in the first place?)
What separates Martha from her sister Mary is that Martha did not order her time by her priorities. She may have sincerely thought that welcoming Jesus was most important, but her behavior did not reflect that. It’s as if she had a choice of visiting with Jesus or vacuuming, and she chose the vacuum. It’s not that Mary didn’t help out with the chores. I believe she did—perhaps she did the dishes before Jesus arrived. But once Jesus set foot in their home, Mary dropped the busy work in favor of what really mattered—spending quality time with her Lord.
PAUL: Well, she’s been my wife for 54 years. And we’re going to have an anniversary on February 1st.
And rocks to twitch, and all to blur.
Maybe this is me being a sucker for the usual biopic, but even though Milan Luthria followed the usual rise and fall storyline. Presenting her life through Abraham's eyes was certainly a fascinating choice that either worked or didn't depending on the viewer. It presented Silk as that mythical figure made from trivia facts and gossip, much like a Marilyn Monroe where we view the star and icon, rather than Norma Jeane. I will gripe that the earlier parts of Reshma's life were a bit rushed, but I do understand that Milan may have wanted to focus on Silk, the brazen and sexy icon. I found the Abraham angle interesting as he completely hated her and the sudden turnaround felt partly natural as he discovered Silk's deeper side.
A couple of weeks ago, David and I had the pleasure of joining a group of Nashville food bloggers for a coffee cupping event at Roast, Inc., a locally owned coffee roaster that hand selects their coffee from up to sixteen different countries. The owners of Roast, Inc., Brad and Lesa Wood, are slightly obsessed with their coffee. They can tell you where it was grown, who grew it, how and where it was processed, and precisely when it was brought into the US.
Buttermilk. Buttermilk has always, always been around, like a trusty, reliable friend. How can you cook without it? Buying buttermilk in the south is a very different experience than in the northeast where I am. Low fat and non fat buttermilk is the only types available in our local grocers. I am good with low fat or 1% buttermilk but I am very lucky that I live in an area with small farms that provide produce, dairy, eggs, poultry and meats. So when I run across a market that has fresh, local buttermilk, I grab it.
I have a Canon S95, a Pentax K-5, and an Olympus E-P3 camera with multiple lenses for the K-5 and the E-P3 … more cameras than I need or use. I mostly use the E-P3 because of the quality, size and weight compromise. In addition, I seem to be gravitating towards using a prime lens on the E-P3 … the Panasonic 14 or 20 mm, or the Olympus 45 mm. My dilemma is what will I need in the future? It’s always easier to look back in time, and these cameras have all served me well under different circumstances. The question is, what will I need down the road? Will one of the newer cameras better serve my future needs?
1976 Christmas Day tomorrow!
Let's face it. As insignificant as we all are... someone whom we went to school with remembers our name or face...someone remembers we were the clown or the dork or the brain or the quiet one or the bully or something about us.
Chinese.
We got out of Borobudur and into Candi Mendut (Candi means temple). Candi Mendut is one of the smaller temples near Borobudur (about 5 minutes drive). Unlike Borobudur, Candi Mendut stands alone and visitors just go in the fenced area, up the temple and inside to see the Buddha sculpture. Entrance to the temple costs Rp 3300 (USD 0.36).
(That accent, the gentle vowels and clipped consonants of the northern countries, distracts me more than her movements. In my thoughts she speaks slower than usual, drunkenly, purposefully. Her eyes are heavy-lidded.)
A virtual monopoly and master marketer, De Beers is involved with more than just mining and selling natural diamonds. The company supplies gem labs with analytical instruments designed to help distinguish manufactured from mined stones. The growth in this industry has necessitated sophisticated new equipment and analytical procedures, because as De Beers itself admits on its website, “synthetic material is chemically the same as diamond.” De Beer’s Diamondview instrument helps to identify dreaded manufactured stones by revealing their “unique fluorescent patterns when exposed to intense short-wave ultraviolet light.”
For more information, call (954) 597-3620.
His friend Joe Oliver joined his lawyer for several TV interviews Sunday and Monday to publicly defend Zimmerman.
But if, God forbid, I live until I am 80 or so it is fairly likely that, sometime during my lifetime, several people in different parts of the world will have been killed by a pig falling on their head.
It turns out that along with his world travels, his mission is to empower others so that they are able to find the lives that resonate for them. His blog is both entertaining and packed full of tools, offered without charge, to help guide those ready to embrace a life of non-conformity. (Who… me?) He writes to those individuals eager to make their living as full-time writers and bloggers. He does this without advertising, without posting a zillion times and day and without relying on most of the conventional tricks of the blogging trade. He is truly remarkable, and exactly the medicine I needed while recovering from my momentary lapse in judgement. His words stopped me in my tracks. He writes,
002.191 YUSUFALI: And slay them wherever ye catch them, and turn them out from where they have Turned you out; for tumult and oppression are worse than slaughter; but fight them not at the Sacred Mosque, unless they (first) fight you there; but if they fight you, slay them. Such is the reward of those who suppress faith.
Best Editing: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
As always please feel free to leave me your comments or critiques.
Marlene: Do you remember writing the first words? Are they still the same?
Cat: This is my house and I’ll go anywhere I please. Right now I intend to sit in this doorway and quote Shakespeare in my loudest voice. Please enjoy.
Julianna will be appearing on Jewel School this weekend!
-achieving professional edges and finish
Let's start with my personal highlight of the album:
As a postscript, the smoke-free workplace may soon be a statewide phenomenon. In his most recent column in the New Albany Tribune, State Representative Ed Clere had this to say:
In other words, the required flavour and condition for the several trade outlets are arrived at, not by uniformity of intermixture, but by a perfectly distinct variation in the several percentages of vatted, mild, and heading descriptions. I have no hesitation in saying that the success of Messrs. Guinness depends on good material, great bulk during fermentation and vatting, and ingenious intermixture of different qualities of produce, whereby a perfectly uniform palate flavour is secured.
Here are some examples of some FAB matching maids…
I feel like holding up a lit candle and swaying from side to side singing, we are the world, we are the children, but that's not very far from how I feel after my trip to Ghana. Don't get me wrong. My bags are unpacked, and all thoughts of decamping and moving back to Ghana are now...well, kinda buried.
Hello everyone, sorry for the late start to the week, I can't believe it's Tuesday already! The weekend flew by and Monday seemed to go right with it. Our engagement party on Saturday was amazing! We had so much fun and the weather stayed nice and sunny afterall. Thanks everyone for your well wishes! All the decorating and organizing food and drinks, etc. all came together and everything went smoothly. It's so interesting seeing all the different groups of people in your life come together to celebrate like that, you know? It was a great party though, and I promise to share more details once I have photos back, as well as our engagement photos in a few weeks.
To be sure, though, this needs to be done sooner than later in order to save the African-American race, the credibility of medical studies, and the integrity of America’s health care.
May's item of the month is going to be sippy cups! Now, please note I have a very limited number of sippy cups left in stock. As soon as I sell out of these Playtex style cups I'm going to change to another cup (the Playtex ones are discontinued). Sooooo...get your orders in now. Make sure to email me and I can confirm what colors/styles I have available. Once they're gone...they're gone.
Barclays Bank has had almost £6 billion invested from Abu Dhabi and Qatar. Brown is to make London the global centre of Islamic banking and Britain’s major banks are accepting Sharia finance. Sharia is a project for Islamicising society. Alistair Darling, Chancellor of the Exchequer, advocates Sharia finance.
“There’s a moon app?” I muttered, trying to navigate back to the living room. “What will they think of next?”
Hazel Bannock is the heir to the Bannock Oil Corp, one of the major oil producers with global reach. While cruising in the Indian Ocean, Hazel's private yacht is hijacked by African pirates. Hazel is not on board at the time, but her nineteen year old daughter, Cayla, is kidnapped and held to ransom.
Detox is about healing and cleansing. It’s about learning to listen to your body (as opposed to your treacherous brain!) and care for it as were it just a defenseless baby. And if you think about it, that’s pretty much the way it is. Our bodies are under constant attack. We feed them all sorts of junk, give them too little rest and virtually no physical exercise. Then we expose them to chemicals all day long from the washing powder in our clothes, to the deodorant under our arms, the food we eat and the air we breathe. Sure, we also have a body that is designed to deal with all of this, but maybe not to the extremes it has been pushed to these days.
Her next step in the process was to intern on 2 different CSA’s which were also a part of NOFA . (Northeast Organic Farming Association). "Rabbit's Dance" was a small CSA in Rhode Island, cultivating about 3 acres of land, and "Grateful Farm" was a much larger 45 acre farm which supplied green markets in the Boston area. This gave her a view of the process of cultivating the land both on a small and then a somewhat larger scale. What impressed her most was seeing how the feeling of community develops when people not only have a sense of place of the origin of their food but also are able to meet and share a connection with the farmer who in fact is growing the food that they serve their family at the dinner table every night.
Cook called the iPad the “poster child of the post-PC era,” and says that for most users, it’s the preferred device for email, Web browsing, e-reading and gaming, activities previously done by a range of competing products.
Since last year’s Al-Quds Day event, which was marked by confrontations with counter-demonstrators including the EDL and Zionist groups, supporters of the Palestinians have noted increasing cooperation between Zionists and far-right groups trying to disrupt pro-Palestinian demonstrations and activities.
Each Olympics has its own special stories, tales that makes each event special and unique. From Los Angeles to Seoul to Barcelona, Atlanta, Sydney and Athens challenges have been met, dreams have been fulfilled and legends have been created. This summer promises to be no different. From the tiniest gymnast to the gargantuan weight lifter, Olympians will capture our hearts and our imaginations. This year Team USA has a swimmer who proves that life most certainly doesn’t end at forty and another is poised to break decades old records. There are gymnasts ready to astound, basketball players ready rebound and a whole host of runners and jumpers ready to shatter personal and world records. One thing is certain that throughout the seventeen days, we will witness both the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat.
When will the Final Exam take place – I DO NOT KNOW AS YET. I was out of town. The notice will be posted tomorrow by the Department of Economics by noon.
A: Oh my, reality TV watching! It is pretty bad. I have to say I watch more of it than I should but luckily I am almost always appliqueing while I do. My quilt group and I love to banter back and forth about it every week. We each have our favorite shows and crack up about them every time we get together. Current favorite, the Housewives series. I know, I know! It is a twisted sort of escape from my reality.
A little about me..... I'm 36, married to the love of my life and we are completely controlled by one nine pound cat who runs our house. I just left my job after 15 years and plan on devoting my time to stamping/papercrafting and working with a local stamp store, Impressive Ideas. I am looking forward to having more free time and enjoying this wonderful hobby daily.
I used some cheerfull flowers and the colors of the paper and the image made it a cute card. I didn't forget the inside.
and i admit that it can be difficult to separate the female “sex” from the female “gender” under certain situations (where somewhat-reliable contraception is available, for one) and particularly when internalizing certain dialogs that are deliberately meant to obfuscate the difference, like PIV-positive rhetoric and bullshit genderqueer tropes (see above). but once these obfuscating influences are removed, and we observe (and identify with — we are women afterall) what women experience both objectively and subjectively in the absence of these influences…well, see for yourself:
The rich are ignorant of what’s empty
When you are working at home in your own workshop then you need a proper garage workbench. If you get one that is pre made then you can find it useful for all of your needs.
And also a big shout out to my readers direct from Celine Wilson, the woman who created Ben’s tie clip that I apologized for knocking on Twitter this week. Stuff is actually super cool and made from old typewriter parts. I told her I just preferred the silver and that Ben wore it too high. Regardless, even if you prefer a thinning tie clip like I do, her cufflinks are awesome and her jewelery seems to be a hit with the ladies. Check it out HERE.
two years later, while the emotions of that fateful night are lessened,
Demolishing Another American Myth
On a sad note....I have to go back to work tomorrow. Boo! On a happy note, Matt starts his new job on Tuesday. I will fill in details on my next blogging.
This one was never submitted anywhere, and the one person who read it called it, “Okay.” That’s it. I’m guessing that means she thought it was crap and didn’t want to hurt my feelings. Hard to argue with her, though.
This left somewhat of a void in the world of raspberry beers. The better known Timmermans falls at the first hurdle by 'virtue' of being utter rubbish. Bacchus stepped in and made a perfecty good brown ale based Framboise that North still sells on draught. There's also a very good one from lambic superstars; Lindemans but it's two and a half percent alcohol so really it's a fizzy drink. Incidentally it's a good beer for anyone who's lost faith in rehab or indeed has only just fallen off the wagon - we have a good offer on at North, I won't tell...
Call 618-628-7800 to make your appointment!
Valerie Foster Well, I'm not sure on that. I've tried and experimented with a lot of media, some only once or twice. I think I'd like to try working more with metal, and also with fabric. Using all kinds of media in one piece, and making it work, making it cohesive and beautiful, would really please me. My problem is, there are so many things I want to use and try, it's hard for me to focus at times. There are so many options, narrowing it down and making choices is difficult, and sometimes overwhelming.
The war memorial consists of a Portland stone angel surmounting a grey granite stepped pillar. The angel faces east looking over Walker Park and has an outstretched right arm.
I was harangued into reading this by the ever-fabulous Lunameth. And I’m glad she did! I think the word “lyrical” is the best way to describe these stories – because, essentially, they are a lot of short stories bundled into one long thread. Which is what I quite enjoyed this book – little bite size pieces that were each enjoyable in themselves, but even better strung together. I really don’t have much more to say on the matter because it’s a book that has to be read, not talked about. If you’re a fantasy writer, you MUST READ THIS BOOK. It gave me more inspiration than any writing exercise book ever could. If you like fairy tales, fantasy novels, short stories or even lots and lots of description, this book is for you.
I have been a smoker since I was 14, I know I know, it’s an awful habit. But here I am telling all of you to get on it and be healthy, when I am still sucking on a cancer stick. So it is time to quit, and honestly I’m pretty nervous about it, but I would rather be nervous than be a hypocrite. I am going to try this weekend to just stop cold turkey, lock myself away for a couple days, and hope for the best.
No he was not ‘introduced’ he was seen. His void powers are inexplicable. His presence is unexplained. He’s conveniently able to prevent Shu from rescuing Inori right at the last minute for reasons of artificially furthering this plotline. And just as he’s about to kill Shu, Gai steps in and takes the blow! Gai liked Shu all along instead of being disgusted by his spinelessness causing the deaths of others! Wow this is stupid! Gai is dying in Shu’s arms and Inori has been ~magically~ kidnapped! All by a fucking deus ex machina!
Friday, November 18th - Thanksgiving Breakfast
We blogged about this awhile back. The take home message was that some produce items are less susceptible to harmful pesticides so you don't always have to buy organic!
I've been reading a lot lately about how bad it is for kids to watch television. How television is like an addictive drug that induces a brain stupor for anyone who watches for too long. How kids can't possibly learn anything from watching a screen. How kids love limits and will someday thank me for limiting their screen time. How I should not let my kids watch too much or they might actually be sucked into the screen and disappear forever. Ok, not really that last one.
But it’s funny how karma works. The guy that my friend Blondies Jake coined as being “Dumb as a box of Pagans” was seen as the smarter one, due to the mismanagement by his managers, current and former, Friday and Saturday…that led to wins that really shouldn’t have happened for either. If that makes sense.
Actually, I'll more likely just sit in a corner of the Highland Stillhouse and work on my script or read a book. It will still be fun and well earned. And when I get back, I get to brew something interesting on Sunday using the yeast I harvested from the KLCC Collabrewation Beer. I'm not sure what that will be yet.
Emily Gravett strikes again with The Rabbit Problem. This paperback edition has a discreet hole through one side, which means you could hang it on your wall and use it as a calendar, but I don't imagine it would stay so out of reach for long. Lots and lots and lots of rabbits multiply through its gloriously drawn pages as one lonely rabbit in Fibonacci's (!) Field, finds a mate and the inevitable glut of bunnies ensues.
Today’s probably not a normal day, because I haven’t done a stroke of work yet and it’s after lunch! But that’s because I went into town to buy exercise gear. I live in black trousers, but I don’t actually own jogging bottoms. I have some nice stuff now, thanks to M&S. Couldn’t find a top I liked – I wanted something baggy, and all the women’s stuff seems to be clingy, so I’m going to take up DH’s offer of letting me borrow one of his. Bought a swim bag, too, so can return lovely daughter’s to her. (Bless her - she lent it to me this morning so I didn't have to use a carrier bag!) Bought a nice new swim towel, too, to inspire me (think daughter might try and pinch that). So now I’m all organised. The plan from today is: mens sana in corpore sano. (Already had the first – cough, or as much as a novelist does – but the second… that’s my target.)
Because I shared Goodnight Moon first, many of my students were wondering if Hurd hid something in Runaway Bunny--such as the mouse he hid in the color pictures of Goodnight Moon. While he didn't hide a mouse in Runaway Bunny, Hurd's images added extra depth to Brown's words. In this sense, the book also works well for pointing out how illustrations can enhance a story when an illustrator takes the words and adds all new depth to them--e.g., the painting of mama bunny fishing for baby bunny trout--using a carrot as bait. Pausing at this picture and giving kids a chance to discover the unusual bait usually gets a giggle out of them. With the older students, I also enjoy asking them if they've heard of or seen the Van Gogh painting, Starry Night then turning to the picture that shows a snippet of what looks suspiciously like Starry Night, hanging in the Bunny home.
Umpteen neers to Entropy Field get an overly-optimistic image of the field from school schoolhouse ads that continually play tone that "an figure MCSE salary is $80.000 a period!".
Buy Gillette Fusion ProGlide Cartridge, get $3 off Gillette Fusion ProGlide Razor
God did not put us on this earth to suffer any of that crap! ! !
The perfection of that balance does not involve it being poised exactly in the middle of the malt/hop scale - indeed it is a far more highly hopped brew than I'd been expecting - but the relationship between these two extremes of the flavour spectrum is exquisitely judged and it is in that judgement that the perfection lies.
Beginning on March 26, 2010, New York City’s celebrated skyline will play host to Antony Gormley’s Event Horizon, a landmark public art installation presented by Madison Square Park Conservancy’s Mad. Sq. Art.
She'll turn her music on you
For an extra treat, I used a piece of mango, and a few strawberries in the ones below, blended it with the juice and froze, we will have those tomorrow.
I found the bottom two adequate to my liking, then the next two not able to keep me from other distraction*read: not good enough*.
Well here comes the critical part which was a rather hilarious affair. Out of a whim of fancy, I googled my name while I was having my internship after hearing from my colleague about how the company did background checks on her previously. My curiosity was piqued.
As for how riding the triplet compared to our tandems, obviously, getting on/off is quite a different production given that the middle stoker has to deal with handlebars and potentially a rider sitting behind their saddle that just aren’t an issue on a two-place tandem.
and no cattle in the stalls,
I'm done rambling now. Before I go a few quick points...
£0
As most of you know, I cannot stand clutter, which always causes problems for me when it comes to displaying things in our home....especially with hanging pictures on our walls, but that is a whole other post!!
(O the black ships! O the fierce ships!
Jeff Francis was selected by the Rockies in the 1st round (9th overall) of the 2002 amateur draft. Francis quickly dispatched minor league hitters and joined the big league club in late 2004. In his 6 seasons with the Rockies, Francis had a record of 55-50 with a 4.77 ERA and 603 strikeouts. He missed the 2009 season due to shoulder surgery. Following a successful comeback in the 2010 season, Francis left the Rockies via free agency and joined the Royals.
Cocoto Kart RacerCocoto Kart Racer
They’re not really on my OMG need to see before I die list, but I went anyways! I mainly went because it was free, I know the bands, I could hang out with my sisters and I really just love concerts.
However, as the book draws to its conclusion there’s an increase in pace and the plot has some unexpected twist and turns.
Anyway lets get down to business. Carlo married in his twenties and everything went well, for the first four years at least. Around two years into the marriage his wife started having an affair with another nobleman. Apparently this affair was fairly public. Almost everyone knew about it, except Carlo. Finally, two years into this adulterous relationship, Gesualdo caught wind of it. He scheduled a trip and then doubled back once his wife's lover had arrived. He caught them in the act, and in a fit of rage murdered both of them. Wikipedia broke it down like this...
‘We have released all of them,’ national police spokesman Ramli Yoosuf told AFP, adding that the MP had been identified as Tian Chua from Anwar Ibrahim’s Keadilan party.
Out by the gas fires of the refinery
Katy Perry has showed off a new tattoo one her right ankle – but fans are still speculating as to what it depicts.
The symbolism of red liquids, from crushed tomatoes to red paint to blood is… cheesey.
“What are the odds that Taylor Swift’s song was playing just as he and I were looking at each other… and I smiled… and he smiled… and it was just… SO PERFECT! That HAS to mean something, right?” she exclaims.
Because since London was awarded the 2012 Games, I have refused to acknowledge that they will be anything other than the Best Thing Of All Time. I have turned a blind eye to the swelling budget; laughed off suspicions around the legacy. I put my fingers in my ears and sing Sting's Fields Of Gold when anyone mentions the transport system reaching meltdown or the various good causes that have had money diverted away from them and towards Stratford City.
With the intrepidity of infusing intent with intuition
vocation in which Spirituality plays a part.
-Michael Mooney (#A07187)
One of the most important and simple generalizations is that any result like Chernobyl is very unlikely here -- an ongoing, open fire to loft radionuclides seems ruled out. Still, on a smaller scale, fires that did happen, such as in the building of reactor #4, likely did loft some radioactive material. Further, some lofting happens without smoke or ash simply due to the effects of hot air rising. But without ongoing fire and lofting ash flakes, emitted (with steam) heavier particles will tend to fall sooner (on average) and thus travel less than at Chernobyl. Thus, while some will travel far, that amount will be less than at Chernobyl. The degree of propagation is still significant near the plant and for tens of kilometers, dependent on wind, and quite random. We'd expect to see some areas in the exclusion zone with more contamination, while many areas would have relatively little.
She's exhausted, that tiny tot. Today marked day one of her spring training.
Before Elisabeth contacted us, I hadn’t paid much attention to the event being planned for Aarhus. For one thing, I’m three thousand miles away. In addition, I was never involved in the discussion and preparations because I knew from the start that it would not be possible for me to travel to Europe twice in one month.
The taxonomists and encyclopedists are looking for plot elements, characters, props, settings, etc. That's content, not form.
It's going to drive you bonkers now, too. Don't worry, I'll tell Diego thanks for you.
VOICE OF DISPATCHER: And is he white, black, or Hispanic?
