of mixed-media art, handmade journals and scrapbooking
Super cute card! Tfs and have a great day .:)
Located in the college town of New Paltz, New York, Rock Da Pasta is a unique place that is a mix between great dining and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The owners fused their two loves of music and food into a Billboard hit of an eatery. And while Rock Da Pasta is not a Vegan restaurant, they bring the concept of accommodation to a whole new level. I don't usually review non-Vegan restaurants but about 85% of their menu can be made vegetarian or Vegan with gluten-free pasta, garlic bread and pizza available upon request. And by request, they mean when you sit at the table and order; no need to call in advance to warn them.
Once you gather the things that you need start out by putting your hamburger on to cook. You will want to cook until browned, drain your grease out then you will want to add your taco seasoning just like they tell you on the package. Also go ahead and preheat your oven to 350F
Comes Love–Joni Mitchell
You can get married at Ras Mbisi, we will need the following original documentation:
don't these women look fab!? not a lot of people can pull off that jean-on-jean look.
I accept the pain. I trust that one day it will pass.
Details on all original source products can be found at, www.originalsource.co.uk as well as details on how to vote for their next seasonal edition (come on pecan and butterscotch!)
but today,
We have an announcement to make.
Is there anyone who’s been there
So, a little while back my Stepfather had an incident. He was bug bombing a friends place, when he realized, for some unrecallable reason, that he needed to return inside.
"The flip side to obesity can be eating disorders," Mrs. Obama said. "I'm particularly sensitive to this because I have two girls. So one of the things we try to do in our home is not really talk about weight. I try to make it a point not to spend a whole lot of time talking about weight or MY weight, for that matter."
“It was a shapeshifter, Kesta,” Mesdan replies gently. “It would have made no difference.”
“How else wouldst a lady ride?”
you know, the ones we name baby dolls and baby boys after!
Now, we’re all caught up – whew…it’s looking a little crazy, isn’t it??? Our season is starting out busy, and we’re so ready to start garage sale-ing too – in search of more wonderful finds – because ultimately it’s all about the thrill of the hunt, isn’t it???
But for now... My family needs to take the priority. My Sneaky and my sweet husband keep me busier then I could have ever thought possible.
The original coaches carried four inside passengers, a driver, and the Post Office guard, who rode outside in the back with the mail box. Later, the coach added three more outside passengers, one beside the driver and two behind him. Private contractors supplied the original coaches, but by the early 1800's the Post Office had acquired its own fleet of vehicles painted with a distinctive black and scarlet livery. Travel times were about 7-8 miles in summer, and 5-6 miles in winter, although, as roads improved, rates improved to about ten miles per hour.
Hey there girlfriend. We're not exactly 'new' friends either, but I thought you might think this was fun and it gives me a chance to pimp your new blog. You always seem to have encouraging things to say and amusing stories to tell. I'm going to enjoy watching your blogs grow as you find your feet. I'm so glad I found you (or you found me, however it happened).
It is basically a giant green house and it is perfect. No good pictures could be found on the internet so imagine a nice jungle with tables. . . and lights. . . and other cool things yet to be decided.
But why the song sounds a little same with wonderland. A small beat of SuJu’s song, I really don’t like it, and also please stop dancing with that white outfit and those formation is just like Super Junior. Bad…that’s bad…really bad…
A quick few tidbits - The Mothman Barleywine is in bottles , though slightly undercarbed, still delicious. The Ultimate Table Beer (name change coming) is going to be bottled soon, and some thoughts on upcoming beer events.
“Yes I can,” Curran snarled. “Listen: this is me telling you what you will not do.”
He makes me lie down in green pastures,
Because I used to think I ran to get in shape. To BE in shape. I mean, if we're going to be truly honest here, I was entertaining the absurd notion that one day, if I ran enough, I might slide back into my size 4 shorts without tearing off a butt cheek in the process.
Another thing that I enjoyed was the writing…well, except for the bits that had the characters conversing with each other (but I’ll get to that shortly). What I liked about the writing was its wittiness and its humor, which were often subtle & surprising and quite well-timed & incorporated into the narrative. The writing was also engagingly descriptive. Unfortunately, it fell incredibly short in regards to the dialogue. Man oh man, that was some incredibly cheesy & clichéd dialogue, and it kept alternating between being laughably exaggerated & painfully wooden. It was also frequently shallow.
That many times I to return had turned.
For which I would not give a fig!
“Some of Michael’s exercises require new coordination patterns; odd combinations of movements that people don’t normally do. Like mixing a challenging posture requiring balance together with a leg movement,” Martin said in e-mail.
Today is Emily's 15th birthday. She made her appearance a couple of weeks early back in 1997 while we were in Hawaii for her cousin's birth. (More on that Monday.)
Dawn broke, and with it, so did my ipod. On an early morning jog through the Haight, clicks interrupted the music flowing through my earbuds. The volume adjusted itself high then low then high again, piercing my eardrums. Continuing to run, I shoved my hand through my zip up hoody’s sleeve and detached the ipod from my armband. It’s screen was already lit, yet I hadn’t touched it at all. I tried changing it into the lock mode. Instead of fixing the problem, the music shut off altogether. Inconveniently, the last leg of my ritual morning run would be filled only by the sounds of the city and my own thoughts.
Metallic ring with a large medallion, approximate size 4/4.5
His eyes closed, it seemed he slept,
another enigma: apparent incompatibility with the present orbital configuration. . . .
The very generous Lion Nathan rep, Paul Mitchem (no relation, slightly different spelling, top bloke, can drink a beer!) allowed Chef and Licensee Mark Mills to turn over the contracted taps to beers from Bridge Road Brewers, True South, Mountain Goat, Holgate Brewhouse and Arctic Fox. To say we challenged the punter’s perceptions of just what beer can be is an understatement.
The restless, the adored
Berlioni
And we can carry each others ground
Parts of the story were hard to read because of circumstances that happen mentally and physically to some of the characters. I winced more than once. But these things show how dire the situations are and how high the stakes. The heart-pumping, fast-moving plot combined with the loveable characters make Replication a fun and thought-provoking read. I want a sequel just so I can visit with Martyr and Abby some more!
Mr Sheridan referred to the House of Commons Select Committee Report into the “phone hacking” issue and specifically the evidence given to that committee that the NotW’s solicitors had “been robust” about giving out information and that the police inquiry had “been left in isolation, literally ,with not enough evidence to pursue” Asked by Mr Sheridan if this appeared to show that the NotW’s lawyers had not been cooperating DCS Williams replied that he had asked questions and been told that no such documents existed. The witness added that he had “no reason to doubt the solicitors” and had been advised by a Queens Counsel and the Crown Prosecution Service and had then used the process they had advised.
There is a bunch of paperwork in relation to my application in Abu Dhabi as well. Currently I have my Oregon Secretary of State Authenticated teaching license and diploma with a company in Washington DC. The company, ProEx, will take my docs to the US Department of State, to have them authenticated; then to the UAE Emabassy for the same purpose. All this has to be done in person as well, which is why I hired ProEx, though I’d love to be in DC right now! When ProEx is done they will send everything back to me (fingers crossed).
I have seen snow-covered mama owls sitting on percolating eggs. How a feather-covered bird can sit in near-zero temperatures with a film of snow around and on her, I can't understand. I am in my home, nice and dry, with central heat blowing at 66 degrees. As I write this, I am wearing a jacket over my long-sleeved shirt. Put me in a nest on a tree limb with only feathers and snow to keep me warm and I tell ya, it wouldn't be pretty.
So, that was my first marathon experience. We ran a few more, training for them this time, and got our time down to a respectable 4:15:00. Eventually, I got my two-mile time down to a 13:15, and received a maximum score on my PT test.
There isn't anything you can do to help... if you are a praying sort then ask God to sort this for me.
And NO, Netflix will not be able to deliver you true High-Def content in the near future either. That would take a complete overhaul of the internet backbone in this country and corporations are far too preoccupied with giving CEOs exuberant salaries and paying out to the ‘most valued’ stockholders to actually re-invest any decent amount of money into the infrastructure. Normally the government would do it and corporations would profit from it but because we’ve already spent lots of tax money propping up these corporate titans our government is flat broke (while corporations are stinking rich, funny how that works.)
Rep. Duncan D. Hunter (R-Calif.) intends to press GOP leaders to move his bill to include the number of individuals who gave up looking for work in the percentage of jobless claims.
who will stay not who will go.” President was really secretive about
I am looking for some help. As you may know I am in the throes of polishing my novel, two and a half years in the making, My technical editor has informed me that my manuscript has thousands of apostrophes and other punctuation in a “default” font, not the times new roman like the rest of the book.
On the following day, he walks down the same road. The hole is still there and he sees it – but now he falls in because falling into the hole has become a habit. He knows what he’s doing but he can’t seem to stop himself. He knows it’s his own fault that he’s landed in the hole and he immediately pulls himself out of it.
I was so happy, so excited to see his name appear at the top of my blogroll, and once I got over my initial shock that he was posting in a month that didn’t have the letter “C” in it, I rushed right over to read what he had to say. And let me tell you, I had high hopes because he’d already mentioned the baby Jesus in the title.
Guthrie: indeed both sides are equally at fault
High above them, a gossamer curtain draped lazily over the sky led the eye gracefully to a sinuous, shining body. The whole thing rippled in the high-altitude wind. It didn't so much fly as swim, maybe even just float. Pevan couldn't judge the size of the creature against the blank blue backdrop, but it was a large specimen. High enough to be no threat to the town for now, but there was no telling when it might stoop.
I have loved mu time with Stretch N Bubbles - and I hope you have enjoyed seeing what the digis can be made into
Is but a dream within a dream.
Anway - maybe I'll write an actual review of the rules some time. But that's what's keeping me busy these days.
3. Normal “hot” April, not Megan Fox April
“There is a new treatment. It’s very experimental—from Canada. We don’t know if it will work. But it’s your only chance. It would mean being in Bart’s over Christmas though….”
you watch them fall
So, it appears that we are now in stage three of a four-stage process. This may not be so farfetched as it seems. I can remember when I first began writing regularly about peak oil in 2004. The main problem was that the media was simply ignoring the issue. It just didn't fit any category which the vast majority of reporters recognized.
A perfect combination of
Beware, I tend to post lots of cute baby pictures haha!
6) Blue is the world's favorite color.
It is because of the fact he knows that deep down Magneto is a good person with good intentions that allows Xavier to continue to see him as a friend .The two often meet to play chess together, even when Magneto is in prison. Magneto views Xavier as the only man who is his equal, and sees him as his best if not only true friend in the world. He is even willing to help him and protect him if need be, and has often led the X-Men in Xavier’s stead.
I have been looking for a bright orange lipstick for a while now (as those who follow the blog on Twitter will know!) and after conversing with the very nice people at Look Beauty, I was told their new range might have what I am looking for.
We point out here that we are focusing primarily on the early and middle stages of this conflict. The permanent departure of the bulk of the Muslim population of the UK may well be the ultimate strategic objective of many British paramilitaries, but it is not something that they can reasonably work towards in the short or, probably, even the medium term, so we will put it to one side here and ask what plausible short- and medium-term objectives British paramilitaries will likely establish for themselves. The only way to try and do this is to: a) assume that they will adopt sensible objectives, b) assume that we have the insight required to determine what would actually be sensible objectives, and c) to conclude that British paramilitaries will therefore adopt the strategies we consider to be sensible. Of course, this is a great arrogance on our part, but we cannot proceed without it.
Everyone sees the litigation support department’s future from their own perspective and function. This is particularly true of firm management, litigation practice group leaders, partners/shareholders and anyone else the litigation support personnel work for. Often little consideration has been given to how to develop or grow this important department or its personnel as an essential component of the litigation practice. It’s your job as Director/Manager to articulate a vision and strategy for these group, to see consensus with your key stakeholders, and then to repeatedly communicate the department’s vision and strategy to your customers and the people in your department who implement services whether you preach the vision and strategy 50 or 100 times. The goal is to put everyone on the same page, and keep them on that same page.
Some of the public thanked the quartet with a standing ovation. Others, who had already sat wiggling or yawning during a large part of the performance, could not leave fast enough. They hurried away – missing the short encore the quartet played.
This beautiful butterfly tag was tied on the package. I love butterflies and Celebrate Spring was the swap theme. My six for six ATCs were wrapped in a lovely sheet of scrapbook paper...hmmm future projects.
"He said 'Wales', we've seen you bat. If it's 2-0 or 3-1 in the count, it's an automatic take, so don't be looking for any signs or get any ideas of hitting anything" - on what Sparky Anderson told him when he was first called up from the minors
At this time of year they are gathering around the pond area in a nearby park. The males are displaying, either perched on a bull rush or atop a tree.
“I say, give name to yourself so that I may greet you in peace,” Father called out again. There was no response. I could see through the window a strange shadow being cast upon the porch posts, not meeting with the ground. Mother hadn’t yet turned out the lantern outside near the door. The sound of rustling paper was heard again as Father reached for the door. Lifting the wooden lock-latch, he turned the knob and opened it.
I can only hope that people on Twitter who talked about their Goose Island beer 'turning from a micro to a macro' when they were half way down a pint were joking. As many people have pointed out, AB have long had a stake in Goose Island - they've just upped the size of that stake into a controlling interest. If your problem with this is the mere association, the smell of a macro brewer, then - actually, you know what? You just stick with that. I'm not going to try to convince you otherwise. But I don't think you'll end up a happier drinker because of it. The Goose Island products that are currently sitting in your beer fridge, in your local craft beer pub, your supermarket or beer shop, are no different than they were a week ago.
First off, there’s the initial stigma which most main-stream culture has against any kind of ‘religious’ or ‘spiritual’ beliefs. Then there’s the fact that through no fault or intention of your own you are labelled ‘pagan’ or ‘esoteric’ or some other such nonsense. And then there’s the matter of tribe.
look at this peanut.
Hi everyone, and welcome to week two of the Mistborn Groupread!
Gradually, he built his empire of gold,
Final note: I will post film synopses, posters and trailer links at the beginning of each month on Otherwhere.
The carbon panel on the outer section of the caliper is either an aero piece or some protection for the caliper when the wheels are slammed back on during pitstops.
Thanks for reading this long post. I pray that there was something of worth buried in these words for you to take with you. Praise God for marriage and unity!
“Since I’m not the kind of idiot your husband is, Rachel, I wouldn’t be stupid enough to screw around on the most amazing woman anywhere. Were I the lucky one to have you, I wouldn’t leave you alone long enough for you to ever feel abandoned.”
Clear or greenish vomitus with undigested food-stomach
I really love this movie, and have always felt like it's been overlooked. I highly recommend it to fans of prison dramas. I love the performances in it, I think the set design is great, and that it's got great atmosphere. I really hope that people who haven't seen it check it out.
I'll be back to continue when the film is finally released.
There are a number of pistols that can chamber rifle rounds; which are generally far more powerful than pistol rounds; but again, those are all rather specialized firearms.
69. Complete couch to 5K program
Naturally a joy about music is participating as well as simply listening. This is proving to be a harder challenge as I am trying to teach myself Banjo. I may add at this stage that I am failing MISERABLY. Part of me wants to learn the Concertina or Accordion but I fear the same dramatic failure.
My friend, who is a mother, overheard me and laughed a sarcastic laugh.
i'm just not sure they could take it, in the middle of all the attaching they're doing. but i'm not sure we can put up with him on the road. we'd never be free to be gone for too long, and he's not even good on a leash. ugh! what to do??????
Actually, it wasn't super bad - it's just that anything is way hard when you have a 15-month old running around the house. I had to really hunker down at night and work even when I was super tired.
And property is not limited to land. So what is property? Your car, your furniture? Your bank account? Your wife?
After the echoes from the encore - "Girls on Film," natch - Milena and I left, glowing, and delighted with our evening. And, yes, WOCA* do not feel as good as they used to, the next morning, after they stay up too late on a school night; however, it was worth every penny, and every minute of missed sleep.
Week 18 - Mar 24th - Lisa
I wrote, and wrote, and wrote. I thought about my struggle to own my identity as an artist in the world. I thought about my son’s struggle to stand up and be seen for who he is. So many people prefer you to assume a role that makes them comfortable. But life is not about making other people comfortable. This idea seeped into the songs that were coming out of me — the old adage, “Comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable.” I wanted to say what seemed unsayable. That life is tough, heartbreaking, unfair — and short. And that there is unspeakable beauty to be found. My son unknowingly gave me a tremendous gift last year when he bravely shared his truth with me. He gave me the courage to share mine.
In this latest report, Nutt and colleagues used a multicriteria decision analysis (MCDA) when reviewing drug harms. Nine criteria related to harm to an individual from a drug, while six looked at harm to others. The harms were gathered into five subgroups that covered social, psychological and physical harms. Scoring was done with points up to 100, with 100 being the most damaging and zero no damage. Weighting then compared the impact a score of 100 had on all the other criteria, thus identifying the 100-points-scoring-drugs which were more harmful than other 100-points-scoring-drugs.
Ray Conniff brought his chorus into the foreground for the first time on It's the Talk of the Town, and credited the album to the Ray Conniff Singers. Conniff's chorus is bright and cheery, unlike the immense-sounding Norman Luboff Choir or the comparatively stodgy Robert Shaw Chorale. But despite the high level of energy and enthusiasm, the choral format gives the album a throwback feel that is only amplified by material like "Zip-a-dee-doo-dah" and the Gene Autry favorite "Buttons and Bows," although the latter is, admittedly, very good. The increased focus on the chorus comes at the expense of the instrumental arrangements, which are relegated to a supporting role well behind the voices. It's the Talk of the Town, more than any of Conniff's other vocal albums, treads a little too close to Mitch Miller territory for comfort.
Today Leah made it through the morning and all of church with panties on. After church she had an accident. In her shoes. Fun times.
In choosing this approach, we want to give the welders out there an opportunity to show their skills and create something really unique. There are tons of examples to draw inspiration from around the world. Our friends at bicycleparkingonline.org have a few thoughts that any would-be designer should keep in mind:
This candy will be open till thursday 3rd May and the winner will be announced on Friday 4th May. New candy will be listed on saturday 5th April!
5 Gargalhada
a ) You totally lose it and start yelling.
On Friday, it was my day off so we celebrated with a lie in. A lie in on a Friday is a luxury as usually my alarm still goes off at 7am so I can get Wee Z ready for nursery. For these days alone, I love the holidays! I went to get my shopping and then Husband took Wee Z and his friend from next door swimming.
I explained that we're different and that being different does not mean I'm going to divorce his ass. I mean, he eats bananas - BANANAS - and I had a baby with him. I just ask him not to kiss me after eating a banana. SO GROSS! Slimy and *gak* I think I just threw up a little in my mouth! Bananas! Did I demand he give them up? Nope. Did I say, "bring another banana in this house and I'll see you dine in Hell?" No. Did I dramatically fling the bananas from the house and ask for compensation for my mental health? No I did not, but I totally should. Ugh. SLIMY!! Bananas!
I don’t wanna look back and wonder
I wasn’t bitter, I was sad for bff but, I knew you know, these things happen. We stopped to pick-up one other person, I didn’t know we were going to, my ex-bf climbed into the van. Mickey, who I had replaced with current bf, he gave me a big grin, it was one those things. Mickey was friends with bf, we were being way too green and recyclie with each other.
A Memorex for the Krakens
When today you will talk of tears and sorrow
3. I sometimes order off the senior menu. I’m not anywhere near that old in human years, but some people think I am a vampire, and so I created Dead Guy’s Vampire age years in which I am about 150. In regular Dead Guy years I am 22. In regular human years I have been on this earth somewhere in between the two, closer to the 22 than the 150 and still able to keep the illusion up of being 22.
Glenn Beck's desire to detach social justice from the Gospel is a move to detach care for the poor from the Gospel. But a church without the poor, and a church without a desire for a just social world for all, is not the church.
Holocher said early on in his coaching career he felt like he had to do something special that was his own way of playing. But he said what impressed him was how Barcelona was so open to the whole world with what they do.
8. Tiffany
Now the interesting thing about this study (and perhaps what sets it apart), they did the typical thing of using DEXAs to measure bone density changes. And looking at the DEXAs, they could see there had been improvement but it wasn’t anything that great. But they also did a PQCT (Peripheral Quantitative Computer Tomography) (a much better way of measuring bone density) and the changes were fairly breathtaking with the strength training participants.
My grandparents lived a long, healthy life. They lived on the country side and when I was young they had animals on the farm. When they got old they kept growing their own vegetables, but gave up the livestock. They both worked hard which gave their bodies plenty of exercise. They ate simple, home cooked, organic food and very little processed junk. And they went to bed relatively early to rise with the sun in the morning.
2 of 3 people found the following review helpful.
So I am going to try and hang it before she gets to the office on Monday!
But this is a democracy says the bass player.(er... former bass player, current guitar owner) Just because you sing all the songs and we practice at your house, and you teach us all the parts on all the instruments, and we use your equipment and your father brings it all to the job in his truck and your mother feeds us doesn't mean you're in charge. We voted. If you don't like it, you're out.
However…The girl was the brain behind the missing papers. How heartless some girls can be!
Networking giant Cisco has recently responded to rumors of SDN killing its business by stating that some customers do not want programmable networks. Also, for those customers that do want the flexibility of SDN, it has funded and plans to acquire network startup company Insieme. Insieme is reportedly working on a line of programmable network switches that support OpenStack as the SDN abstraction layer. The CTO of Cisco has been quoted by Network World in stating “Networking is about to be reinvented and Cisco will do that reinvention of networking.”
You kneel down to admire what is placed before you and place your finger just millimetres above my clit, hovering above it, so close I can feel the heat of your finger. You use your fingers to spread my lips apart and blow hard along the ridge of my clit. I squirm, you can see the moisture collecting in my folds, but I stay silent. It’s my silence that makes you want to spank my arse, but you think this will give me pleasure so you resist. You rub your hard cock between the folds of my pussy, pressing against me, teasing me. You look down to see it covered in my sweet juices. You can hear me groan, knowing I am so turned on by you. I have gone to that place in my mind where I have surrendered to you completely.
Dance the Night Away
In the spirit of inquiry, I took a sip, and while it neither got me stoned nor made me want to ditch the glass of 1985 Roumier Bonnes-Mares that I was holding in my other hand, it was certainly a novel experience. But it turns out that pot wine isn’t such a novelty in California wine country; there apparently are quite a few winemakers surreptitiously producing cannabis cuvées.
The promoters of the Shanghai Grand Prix wanted desperately to have Usain Bolt compete in this meet. But with sterling runs by Tyson Gay and Carmelita Jeter that put both solidly in the #2 position all time in the men's and women's 100 Shanghai had no problem turning out awesome sprint performance without Bolt.
Hubs and I are goofy. His nickname for me is Goose. Because I'm a silly Goose. We like to IM each other 'I love you' through other words that would look like you were saying 'I love you' if you whispered them. Olive Juice. Elephant Hues. Elf Shoes.
This time of year sees a plentiful supply of pumpkin beetroot and greens. Hopefully everyone is making the most of what they find in their box each week, but for those who may be struggling with the quantity and assortment I am sending you some menu suggestions and some recipes. And in the end if you have anything left at the end of the week, empty out the fridge by making a Fridgestrone
Something else was occupying my mind – Dietrich Bonhoeffer’s critique of “cheap grace,” which I was correlating to “cheap faith.”
Once pristine rivers — including the Crocodile, Olifants and Sabie — all show dangerously high levels of human waste contamination. The affected rivers flow through crowded Highveld towns such as Nelspruit and Sabie into the Kruger National Park -- where recent “ mysterious “ crocodile deaths have highlighted the problem of contaminated water. Now the minister has warned that livestock may also be affected in severely polluted areas.
3. Mini poster
Well call me Truman because the horizon was painted on a wall.
thanks, jack!
Nationally there has been a 16 per cent increase in police officers but an 80 per cent rise in police staff (49 per cent excluding PCSOs).
We’ll start with the fish, since this is mainly what the conversation is about. Fish need nitrogen for literally everything in their bodies. Nitrogen is a primary component of every protein and strand of genetic material (DNA and RNA) in every cell of every organism on the planet. However, there is plenty of nitrogen available and organisms (including fish) have no problem finding sufficient nitrogen in easily usable forms. There’s generally some nitrogen left over and (in land animals) that is excreted in the form of uric acid (urea AKA pee-pee).
- If you upload your card to an online gallery, use the code SSC55.
I wanted to start with something simple, because I think that apparently easy dishes can be far more challenging to get correct then seemingly more complex recipes. So I decided to make Eggs in Pots, you can find the recipe in her book or on the BBC website here.
Written with thanks to Three Word Wednesday for the word prompts of “draft, locate, serenity”. It’s been a while since a poetry prompt was helpful to me but this one really was, I think.
That’s not the case anymore. The next couple of weeks are going to be an incredible learning experience for me. Not only do I want to hear what people have to say about my work, I’m going to be listening for ways to improve it. I finally understand the meaning of the word process and guess what? It only ends when I decide to stop creating. Until then, I’ve got to stay open and attentive and know that failure only happens when you stop yourself from doing what you love to do simply because you’re afraid of what others think.
My dad is a labor and delivery nurse, and he likes to say that the more strict someone's birth plan is, the more likely it is that their plan is going to go horribly awry. For my child's birth, nothing went to plan. Well, that's not entirely true. My only set plan was to have a baby, and that zie would be able to survive outside of me. And I had very little confidence in that plan, to be honest.
Schooled to beat you, class what schooled you,
Wonderful Day! I hope yours was Half as Wonderful as mine!
The Lady Sailors 7th and 8th Grade track team lost to Rocky River by a score of 45 to 69. 8th graders that contributed points for the Sailors included Rossi, Fetter, Ramos, Bartlome, Mello, Hollars and Schaefer. Annie Rossi, Sarah Bartlome, and Lauren Hollars placed in all of the individual events that they competed in. The 4 by 100 team of Fetter, Urig, Pongallo and Ramos had one of their best performances of the seasons. The Sailors end their regular season with a home meet agains Midview next Tuesday.
You: Oh, Amy...that sounds wonderful! Do you have a recipe???
Indeed, the dissenters admit that any delegated power directly exercised by the principal is considered withdrawn from the agent. A cursory examination of Commonwealth Act No. 671 will show that the legislative function therein specified had been discharged by the Congress. The following illustrates the powers delegated in the Act and the measures enacted by the Congress itself covering each:
Insurance may not pay for EMG biofeedback therapy; however, Medicare will reimburse the patient if conventional Kegel exercises have failed.
Leah Salonga who played Grizabella was superb!!! Grizabella was a glamour cat who lost her spark and is now rejected. She seeks to be accepted by the Jellicle cats. I loved hearing Leah live! It was priceless! I was in awe!
Yet one of her most commendable fashion choices is brining recognition to young designers. She famously draped herself in a beautiful white confection by Jason Wu at the various parties on inauguration night.
Would you like to 'win' when England plays Australia
I am determined that 2012 is going to be the year that we get to the Open Air Cinema in the Botanic Gardens in Sydney. There cannot be a more spectacular backdrop to a film than Sydney Harbour with the bridge and opera house peeping coyly out behind the screen whilst the fruit bats from the Botanics spiral their way into the night sky. The film programme has just come out and I am dithering away red pen in hand. I’m a bit of a sucker for a suave older man so obviously the two George Clooney films, ‘The Ides of March’ and ‘The Descendants’ have some appeal. Alternatively I could go for my culture vulture side and opt for one of the French or Spanish films, and just hope my neighbours on the night don’t me muttering along in time with the subtitles. The French “First Love” sounds a winner, though based on personal experience I have no desire to find my first Glaswegian teenage love, as I am pretty sure we would both recoil in horror at the sight of one another – but foxy French teenagers obviously fall into a different category.
That I was before.
1- 2 p.m.– Marjorie Buettner – “There is a Season.” A Memorial Reading, 2011. (First presented at Haiku North America conference, Seattle).
“Are you telling me the car is still drivable?” The voice asked at an increased pitch, so much the guy was starting to sound like a little girl.
Shutting down,
Wodrick "Shank" Grubbyhill (bard, maiming an officer)
Beat cream cheese at medium speed with an electric mixer until smooth; add 1 cup sugar and vanilla, beating until creamy. Stir in 6 egg yolks. Pour 2 1/2 cups mixture into prepared crust; set aside.
Yet I keep waiting…
white but they are elongated and have a shiny shell as opposed to the more porous mat-like shells of the other birds
There was something in the way I always wanted to be somewhere that was spiritually purifying that reminds me of how I so desperately wanted to get away from a reality that was spiritually polluting. That was just a little memory that was jogged by seeing ‘Peru’ pop up on the list of ‘Views by Country’ in my WordPress blog, and it is symptomatic of the way prostitution never really leaves you, and how you don’t have the option to leave it either, not all the way.
5 thank
‘But the hour is coming, and now is, when the true worshipers will worship the Father in spirit and truth; for the Father is seeking such to worship Him. God is Spirit, and those who worship Him must worship in spirit and truth.’
I will be changing out the over sized grips or stocks as S&W calls them as soon as I can find (or possibly make) a set I like. I'm looking for finger grooved combat stocks for a square butt K frame if any of you have some just laying around. I'm looking for some nice wood, highly figured walnut or possibly fancy figured curly maple. Something a little dressy and not a laminate.
Catelynn: "It's not ugly, I think it's cute..."
Anti-patent activists, particularly in the EU, have used many of these comments as fodder for their quest to eliminate software patents altogether. They have even gone a step further in their rhetoric, suggesting that it will be impossible for software companies to operate once software patents are recognized, since larger sompanies will swamp the smaller sompanies with patent filings and litigation.
ISO: 100
3. Wipe clean of saw dust
Then, guided by the best of the twice-born, Parīkṣit governed the earth as a great devotee. Indeed, he developed all the great qualities foreseen by the astrologers when he was born.
they were sort of obligatory sequels with good things and bad things, but mostly guilty of pushing a little too hard when the first one was so effortless.
Anyway, this is what I ended up walking away with…
Weird or no?
Condition (b) is also not met if an insured risk is certain not to occur. For the case of “free” contraceptives provided by insurance, the “risk” of having to purchase them is exactly zero for many individuals: people who want children, post-menopausal women and their partner(s), the abstinent, homosexuals*, those who are morally opposed to contraceptives, those who are using free alternative methods of preventing pregnancy, etc. But if an insurance company is forced to provide “free” contraceptives to anyone who asks, the insurance company will be forced to raise premiums on all their customers — including everyone who has no need for contraceptives. While is it theoretically possible for an insurance company to only raise the premiums of those who do need contraceptives, the insurance company has no way of knowing a priori whether to raise the premium for a particular individual or not (someone can claim a desire to have children — and thus have no need for contraceptives — in order to obtain a reduced premium but later demand “free” contraceptives from the insurance company, which is mandated by law to provide these contraceptives for free). The effect is that the insurance company’s costs of providing “free” contraceptives are passed on to all the insured (which, per the individual mandate, includes everyone — even those who don’t need contraceptives and/or morally oppose them) even though the “risk” of having to purchase contraceptives has no possibility of occurring. It’s like forcing people without a car to buy car insurance so that they are “insured” against costs for their “car”.
A sore point with analysts is the high price paid for E&O. TA Research said the price was 19 times E&O’s forecast earnings for 2012 and 1.85 times its price to book value based on consensus estimates. By comparison, the property sector has an average of 12 times forecast earnings for 2012 and 0.8 times price to book value.
Me, The Man of the House, #1 and #3 took a little trip.
Cut the chicken into strips 3/4" to 1" wide.
“A lot of visitors find them very moving,” says Conlin. “It’s one of our most compelling objects from the Titanic … The fact there was once a small person in those shoes really tugs at the heartstrings for a lot of people.”
I love John Cleese! Adore John Cleese!
modern music, from hip hop to techno. Appropriately, Bush
That’s not to say that I think a strange foot or other mad limb is after you!
You see, I had just read Isaiah 57:21—“There is no peace,” says my God, “for the wicked.” A few days ago, a similar verse in Isaiah had not triggered any strong memory. Yet this morning, I was jolted back so forcefully that I could not only hear my father’s voice but see every detail of how he looked—old blue singlet, checked shirt and all. Now to Dad, these words seemed to mean he needed to keep working hard rather than that there would be no heavenly rest or peace for the wicked. At that time, Dad claimed he rejected the idea of eternal life in any form and used to say with finality, ‘When you’re dead, you’re dead.’
The idea for Lucky Puppy came naturally to Sandi. “It all goes back to my love of dogs. My dog is my child. She is my family. She bounds into the room with such energy, ready for anything. Whenever she came into the room I would say, ‘Hello, Puppy.’ It finally struck me that there wasn’t anything out there for dog lovers who wanted to wear their love for their doggies. Kids and puppies just seemed like the natural match.” She took the idea one step further and decided to create a line that helps dogs in need. A percentage of sales is donated to select dog organizations to help make every doggie a Lucky Puppy.
Mmmmm, feeelll goooodddd. I like feeling good. How about you? Yep, as a matter of fact I'll do many unhealthy things just to achieve that "feel good" moment. Ah.
What would have happened if you had.
I was looking at the new Kindle Fire which looks cool because you can download books and movies and music and it's in color and it seems fairly reasonable in price. But just this morning I read an article that said it works best with Amazon Prime, a $79-a-year subscription that gives you easy access to all those movies, books and music. And all of a sudden, it doesn't seem so reasonable anymore. Granted, $79 a year factors out to about $7 a month, which is a cheap price, but I already have a Netflix subscription for movies, basic cable (about 20 channels) for TV shows, not to mention those hundreds and thousands of books. Do I need to add all of this extra content? No. Not really. But again, I could use the fun money fund and afford to get both the Kindle and a one-year subscription to Amazon Prime and it would be no skin off my nose (it was all gifted money), I'm just not sure I should. (And to clarify: all of my other funds take care of bills and things, this really is just "fun" money.) I could of course forgo the Prime and just use the Kindle to download the free classics but that takes some of the fun away from it I think, which is the whole point of the fund.
He added that lawmakers play a key role in scrutinising policies and programmes to ensure they have a positive impact for both people and the state.
“If it was Friday, I don’t blame her for taking a short lunch.” “Was” is intended to emphasize “Friday” and that it was a fact.
Luke Schroder ... Mickey Tussler
Like a scaring over-friendly guest
That is, the most ancient, "authentic" things sometimes are just too dilapidated to really be of much use. In looking at Buddhist monastery art, it is great to see the oldest paintings...but most of the time, they are barely visible.
I'm still in my comfortable jammies!
Personally I have tried to care less about The Logies but I just can’t. With three girls in the house I only get to watch a lot of Sponge Bob Square Pants and ABC3 so I’m probably a bit out of step with current televisual trends and couldn’t pick most celebs out of a Police line up stacked with Oompah-Loompahs. But I do know beer.
4. Indiana Hoosiers
Thank you. Good bye.
Interesting that Amazon haters who toss around the predatory label seem to want antitrust law to do exactly what the Supremes in 1993 declared it shouldn’t; chill competition and keep prices artificially high. Even more interestingly, there hasn’t been a successful prosecution in this country for predatory pricing since this decision. That’s because (1) predatory pricing doesn’t work (2) the remedies end up more anticompetitive than the offense itself and (3) very few, if any, are actually engaging in it, not even Amazon.
This is quite a rich and heavy thing to eat. I was defeated by ONE slice. Lighten it up with plenty of fresh fruit.
One of the biggest characteristics of a Proverbs 31 woman I see in Mama is that of strength. In fact, my dad even talked about her strength in his sermon Sunday morning. Any of the measly bit of strength I have, I get from my Mama for sure! Not only is she able to carry more than most men, she is able to handle more than most too. She has always worked to help support our family, and she has always been a full-time stay at home mom too. Those two things alone are difficult to do simultaneously. My mom has always taken every difficult, embarrassing, emotional, sad, or painful moment in stride...usually inserting humor where possible. Laughter through tears...or laughter instead of tears. Taking care of my sister, brother, and I full time...even now! Also taking care of my dad, who pastors a large church in my hometown. In case you don't know what the life of a pastor's family is, please take the time to ask a preacher's family. Meaning a child or spouse. Now that I have married into a family of doctors...I pretty much liken them to each other. Preachers' families do not have the luxury of designated "family days." Ministers' families share their dad (or mom) with the entire church. And we are more than happy to do so. Because my mom raised us to be that way. My parents both raised us as members of a church family...not just a congregation. My mother selflessly gave her husband to our church family, and she has never complained. In the meantime, she was our taxi driver, macaroni and cheese cooker, forgotten homework and lunch deliverer, field trip partner, back scratcher, problem fixer, laughter inciter, application organizer, tax filer, insurance question answerer, medicine giver, sickness diagnoser, tear wiper, embellished story teller, book fair worker, Girl Scout cookie director, foot rubber, apartment mover, errand runner, house cleaner, video taker, cheerleading camp gift giver, camp letter writer, spelling test reviewer, school project savior, party planner, and memory maker. She was all those things...and still is! These past few years, we have watched my mother take care of her own parents. Moving them both multiple times to separate living quarters, sitting with them through hospitals stays, rubbing lotion on their aging and neglected feet, repeating time and time again where they each were and when she would visit again, making anniversaries and birthdays special in the most unlikely places, preparing for a funeral, giving her own outfit for Nonnie's burial since green was Nonnie's favorite color, making sure every insurance payment was made correctly, taking care of bills and land and a lifetime of possessions, selling their family home, traveling 8 hours in one day to make a visit or take care of their business, knowing exactly what long term health care versus Medicare versus everything else covers, and never talking about it. We have also had the privilege of watching my mother help my dad take care of his mother. From washing her clothes during rehab stays, transporting her to hair and doctor appointments, and picking her up for church to plunging toilets and racing to the emergency room. We have seen her be and do all these things. We have learned strength from her.
Now the bad news. We are, all of us who use second/foreign languages, failed native speakers of them, which is the meaning of the more politically correct label “non-native speakers”. This is because non-native productions are routinely compared to native models, for purposes of quality control, and native speakers of someone else’s non-native language are never more or less competent users of this language. They are competent, period: they have no accent, which means they have a good accent, and they probably have no grammar and no vocabulary either, because their grammar and their vocabulary are quite good too.
Other green laundry products to try are:
Not at the words appearing in print, on our TV’s and coming out of our radios.
And of course, if iPads are useful in formal education, what is their potential role in informal learning situations such as museums and visitor centres? Our July newsletter highlights Tauranga Art Gallery’s first go at incorporating iPads into the Lynley Dodd exhibition. On pedestals child-high; yeah they had a clear idea of their target audience.
It's another beautiful geometric charted canvaswork design from Laura J. Perin. Her latest creation, Lahaina Breezes, was inspired by a batik cotton print, and what an inspiration! The colors are a divine blend of aquas, teals, and blues.
#7 Urban Decay De-Slick. This product is my secret trick to keeping my makeup on all day while shooting a wedding. Especially in the heat we've been having in STL lately. You spray it before your makeup and then again after you finish and put on mascara. I can go all day out in the heat and only have to apply a little powder before the reception. What a joy! I used to have to reapply all my makeup to look fresh again. I have very oily skin so this product is heaven-sent for me!
How liberating though to admit the things I'm just not very good at!?
Haidt and his colleagues have not just plucked these moral senses from the air. He explains the evolutionary roots of the different senses from a close reading of the literature but has also then tested them in internet surveys and face to face interviews in many different places around the world.
In fact, it will set them up to ram through their entire perverted vision for a homosexual America.
It’s gonna take a while. Why go through this?
1st Prize: Gergely Szőnyi and Tamás Helényi from Green Lake Pictures in Hungary.
6PM - A new DR was on call, and he came in to introduce himself, and he checked me again. I was at 7 centimeters at this point, so he broke my water and we just waited.
Cameron took the three-mile journey on a rainy Saturday morning alongside cancer survivors, family members of those who have lost the battle and those who are in support of finding a cure to the life-threatening disease.
Sagna-Djourcielny-Clichy
How did you become a writer?
Picture me now, bouncing up and down on my tippy toes, doing that wavy hand to stop the tears of joy messing up my mascara bit. "Ooooh," I say at my most unintentionally camp. "Ooooh, I'm going to be an uncle!" Who'd have thought it? Well, fucking everyone truth be told. This brother of mine who knew how you know with a good melon was never getting married just for the tax breaks. This man has the trajectory of his life plotted out and until said trajectory is inevitably thrown off course by some kind of bizarre Hollywood cliché of fate or failing that, an alien invasion, the plans shall continue apace. And a logical part of this post marriage program was always going to be children. Congratulations to him and his lovely wife.
As I noted, the primary focus is on the psychology of a very traumatic experience and how people deal with the trauma. Although, there are some regrets for not having he convenience of modern life anymore, the big regrets are the loss of loved ones and the return of much of the population to sustenance farming. Chris, makes friends with a young lady, Paulina, and begins to work through a lot of issues. It is in this process that we learn most of the details of his experience. Truthfully, outside of the very poor survival rate of the friends he makes along the way, the experiences are not that out of the ordinary for the genre. The world is an ugly place, but not as badly collapsed as the Road. But the advantage of the approach used, is that the experience is set against a domestic lifestyle, so that they do not loose their darkness. In the Road, McCartney has to keep upping the ante until they are eating babies to get shock value: here rats will do.
all of us.
That I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life
Citizenship:
frilly, sumptuous surfaces and lofty conceptualism, seemed to belong
We are FLO-rida bound come mid-July :-)
Belleville, Ills. December 29/09
only you can
Loops xx
On that note, I am going to test my theory that the world is kinder than most give it credit, I am going to offer, as of tomorrow to Sunday, a FREE download day on each of my five books, starting with Jacob Bear, and ask only that a comment be placed in a box. Not a bad request for months of work, or, in the case of The Rise of the Sponge Cake Moon, 18yrs.
Always her fault, never his… .
"Just sign it. And bring his passport when you come."
93:2 Created things have attributes. It is Brahma only that has no attributes, in the sense that no attributes with which we are familiar can be affirmed of him.
Cashing in on culture is one thing, especially for a region with a significant tourism sector, but the emphasis on having a better place to live that promotes cultural activities in and of themselves is more important. Why is there such a disconnect between the people who live in the region and the artistic menu on offer. I’d get sick of choosing between Burns-flavour or J.M.Barrie-flavour after a while if that’s all there was – that’s for the tourists to sample now and again.
and as always. i love Jesus with all i am and all my heart and all my soul and all my days. For His glory and the building of His kingdom and the rescue of the lost.
Phi Brain S2 ep. 3
Embroider any small details as needed. I used embroidery on my sewing machine in the bedroom, for the cord on my light and the word on the fridge in the kitchen, and for the clock face in the front room.
Now I get to be a FARMER two days a week. Well, more like a farm-hand. And really, more like a gardener-hand. But seriously, it's probably the most physically demanding job I've ever had.
I finished the day of with the views from the 30th floor of the Palace of Culture and Science. Tomorrow I head for Gdansk on the Baltic Sea, the home of the union movement in the 1980s which commenced the downfall of Communism across Europe – led by Lech Wałesa. Who later won a Nobel Peace Prize and became President of Poland. From there it will be onto country areas – Mansurian Lakes, the “Wolfs Lair” (Hitlers bunker 1941-1944) and then the Bialoweza National Park on the Belarus border. The last true primeval forest in Europe and home to many animals including European Bison and Lynx cats.
From Batman to Bollywood, we've got Aishwarta Rai in a sparkly brown (we never thought we were going to say that) Armani Privé dress. Another thing we never thought we'd say is that we like this. It's beautiful. So is her hair.
And he was actually late, and we encountered a very long queue under the sun, because our destination is inside the mall and the mall wasn’t yet open during that time so there were already too many people waiting outside… and the mall finally opened at 10:00AM and we were so determined to finish it off very fast because we have other places we need to go… only to be sent away, and asked to be back after lunch 12:30PM, it was terrible T___T
Jinx was lying on her bed fast asleep. “Oh, Jinx!” she sniffled. No matter how awful the day, somehow Lisa was always happy to see her pet cat. The sight of him was like a magnet to her – she could hardly ever resist stroking him or picking him up. She stood the strange-looking bottle on her bedside table and began to tell the cat why she felt so unhappy.
see ya guys … wish me luck …
Our English word “love” (noun or verb) has a broad range of meanings, anywhere from strong affection to passion to copulation. It can speak of warm fuzzy feelings or of desire, sexual and otherwise. Love is an ambiguous word and that is what, I suppose, makes the word so appealing and at the same time, so frustrating.
Happy New Year! 2011 was as busy and exciting as I hoped it would be at the end of 2010. 4 client debuts and 17 client books in all were published, and I sold 9 debuts, and made 11 other deals, not including foreign deals and film options. I attended the Bologna Book Fair for the first time in March and the Storymaker's Conference in Utah in May where I got to see the Wells brothers and where I found three new clients, definitely a conference record for me.
I would love to hear your thoughts.
He is absolutely clueless...
What were the main characteristics that distinguished these types of places from their more upmarket counterparts?
3 cups cooked rice
With Jeremy being a witness, he’s now collateral damage. But a nifty move at the last second allows him to escape. If only that were the end of it. The Feds have been trying to catch this Hagan fellow for years. And now that they have a witness to one of his murders who’s willing to testify, Christmas has come early. But that means Jeremy will have to go into witness protection until the trial.
Because I truly love to write. I truly love to interact with all of you out in cyberland. And I know I miss it.
And I just had to scratch that itch to start a new cardigan:It's the Empire Line Cardigan by Debbie Bliss. I've wanted to knit this forever. I've had the yarn forever too. It's RYC Cashsoft (Cashmere/Merino/Microfibre) the colour is "Poison". I got it on eBay a few years back specifically to make this cardigan. After all the lace shawls I've knit - I figured a lace cardigan won't pose too much trouble - and might even keep my interest enough to get it done quickly.
First off with the Bohemian Lager- Abominable Snow Pilz. We poured a 12 oz bottle out amongst the two of us and it had a nice crystal clear golden hue. The aroma is mostly of caramel notes from the 90 minute boil but you can get a little spicy hop in the nose as well. The taste of this beer was so fresh and refreshing and crisp and smooth all at the same time that it was almost overwhelming. This might actually be my best beer I've ever brewed. It's certainly the most drinkable and sessionable beer I've ever brewed! The fresh MN snow definitely shine's through as the main ingredient with a nice smooth mouth-feel. Balanced with a malty, caramelly taste and aroma, this is one beer that I wish I would have done a 10 gallon batch for. You'd be hard pressed to NOT drink a 6er of this in one sitting. It goes down sooo smooth.
It starts out innocuously--a dense, viscous beer that rouses only a modest head that dissipates like dishsoap. The brewery calls it "deep amber," but I'd say brown (or "mahogany" if we're being showy). It smells mainly of bourbon, with possibly a bit of malt alcohol venting, too. After the skiff of head evaporates, the beer is still, like port wine. At this moment, one is not sure what to expect.
#55 Lea L
I just discovered the Less Is More challenge blog the other day and it looked like so much fun that I decided to make a card and play along this week for the first tme. Lots of beautiful cards posted there.
Don’t expect anyone else to support you. Maybe you’ll have a trust fund. Maybe you’ll have a wealthy spouse. But you never know when either one will run out.
The thing a lot of people miss is that we've always had this bond. We made that connection when she looked through the chain link door at the shelter and saw more than an exuberant puppy who had never left her kennel. I saw my Mom (ad my wonderful Aunt Jenn too). Mom has guided me through many fears and uncertain situations and I have been with her through happy and sad times.
Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,
We're colored people and they call us the human race
The question remains as to what will become of Kemp after he turns 27, and beyond.
Which brings us to today, which was the last day of work before the Canada Day long weekend - woo hoo!
"I've got multiple hull impacts aft and starboard," came a reply. "Definitely not from within...we were hit, systems are all screwed, having a hell of time getting anything from outside!"
The Human Genetics Commission said the Big Brother tactic was creating a 'spiral of suspicion' among the public.
29 february (the-editor) : Prod Pooja Bhatt a bit and she will have you know that all this ‘we-are-open-about-ourpersonal-life’ attitude among B-wood leading ladies is hearlded by none other than the lady in conversation, a decade back. Says Bhatt, “Today, the leading ladies can afford to be bold on their personal lives thanks to Manisha Koirala and myself. Both of us had to pay the price for making it possible for the heroines to walk hand in hand with their boyfriends.”
Does it really mean that a person has reached a level of proficiency? Does it mean that person really knows what they are doing or that their knowledge is enough to be employable, and that they have a strong work ethic?
Congratulations: same time, 2031?
A few days after that we repeated the whole evacuation/deployment scare with Hurricane Katia. Once again we were lucky.
To be an object-oriented philosopher, what you need to do is hold that individual entities of various different scales are the ultimate stuff of the cosmos. Note that this includes both Latour and Whitehead as well; I define the term in such a way that Latour’s actors and Whitehead’s actual entities (and possibly even societies) also count as “objects” in the widest sense.
I understand there’s yet another new beer-themed glossy magazine called BEER CONNOISSEUR hitting the stands these days, and it’s one I’ve yet to pick up. Let’s hope they don’t run these hideously boring, overflogged beer stories into the ground the way the others have. Here they are for your groaning pleasure, The 5 Most Boring Topics in all of Beer Journalism:
The word “discipline” has the idea of mastering your thinking. Ask yourself, “Is it logical to cower to men or to God?” Jesus said, “Do not fear those who kill the body but are unable to kill the soul; but rather fear Him who is able to destroy both soul and body in hell,” (Matthew 10:28). Disciplined Christians have trained their minds to respond properly when people try to introduce error into Christianity.
If the good people of Knox County decide they’ve finally had enough – and a whole lot more of them are going to be outraged this morning when they weren’t at all yesterday, and the rest are gonna be a lot more outraged than they were yesterday – those responsible for issuing that horribly ill-timed and poorly handled statement to the press aren’t going to have anyone to blame but themselves. Period.
Basically, I didn’t want to leave empty-handed. I had to have something to show for the experience.
1 tablespoon powdered sugar
The custom Marker is composed directly into the custom Parabola function, which is marked as self-plotting. This function is responsible for creating the Marker and controlling its placement as well as drawing all supporting graphics.
Reforestation of the mind.
The frequency of Chase's nursing has become a nuisance for me. Our daytime nursings are easier for me than the night ones. I enjoy them more by a long shot. Chase is a happy and goofy kid most of the time. He is a championship gymnursetics baby if ever there was one and I get a real kick out of it. The drawback is that the second I sit on a couch, he wants to nurse. Even if he just nursed 5 minutes ago (how I *wish* I was exaggerating). In the mornings after breakfast I can expect him to nurse at least 3 times in the next hour. This, in and of itself, would not be a bother if it didn't remain at that pace for the next 4 hours until nap time! For a while I was trying to turn him away once in a while but I think it made the problem worse. So for the time being I'm allowing nearly unlimited access to nursing in the hopes that he will feel secure enough to NOT ask several times an hour.
I feel perfectly content when both of my kids lie on the couch with me, one on my chest, one on the arm.
the remedy to anxiety is prayer. in prayer we find peace which guards us from a downward spiral into doubt and fear and anxiety. as we continue to pray and worship God we meet Him and are changed and have renewed peace and perspective.
I picked up g-son from pre-school and after lunch we read his library book about ants and practiced the nursery rhyme he choose to recite tomorrow, Humpty Dumpty. He is so smart !!
1/2 tsp. fresh ground black pepper
Yesterday Norwegian police chief Sveinung Sponheim – who is leading the investigation into Friday’s ­massacre – said that Breivik’s rants suggest he has “political traits ­directed towards the right and anti-Muslim views”.
SPEND $60 AND RECEIVE 20% OFF
Examples of the current uses of nonwoven fabrics:
Before we get started I figure I should let everyone know where this list of 100 books came from.
6) What are the historical lessons of the New Deal employment programs in the United States and similar historic or contemporary programs and policies in other countries?
I went on to listen to everything else on their MySpace page while perusing their page and you know what’s cool about them? EVERYTHING. First of all, they’re big animal rights activists, which, as a vegan for going on 9 years now, I think is pretty cool. And even if I weren’t a vegan, I like when a band stands for something, it makes me want to support them by buying their album. Also their list of musical influences includes a lot of my all-time favorites, like Dar Williams, Ani Difranco, Damien Rice, Barenaked Ladies, and The Be Good Tanyas.
Yikes!!!
Yes, there is climate change. There has, for 4.5 billion years of the Earth’s existence, always been climate change. There have been ice ages, magnetic reversals, volcanic activity, tsunamis, earthquakes and a host of other natural events.
Check out Michelle's blog at michellemoran.blogspot.com
Many times and from many quarters, we San Franciscans have been derided, sometimes to humorous effect, at other times, less so, for being retrogressive, nostalgic, romantic and overly protective about our past. We can seem to want to slap an historic designation on almost any structure older than a few years, from 1950s diner mascots to winking billboards. We can seem more reverential about some of these pieces of our civic history than the Greeks about their Parthenon.
That is the deadly, unanswered question. The less journalists talk to police officers in the know, the more likely it is that we will have a secretive, unaccountable police force.
9. Give them constructive outlets for their emotions. We practice making mad, sad, and happy faces. We show them how to hit pillows instead of each other when they're mad. (it doesn't always work, but we keep trying!) We draw how we feel. We teach our children that it's okay--even good--to feel emotions, but they can't hurt other people in the process.
After a quick walk through of the campus, which included getting the required permission to shoot…I decided to focus on the plaque, which mentioned how the classroom block was built by Round Table India and Ladies Circle India. This was it…I hadn’t shot many plaque’s yet and maybe it was a good time to start now…get the perfect shot and run to the nearest ice cream stand. But after a few shots and various angles, I realized that the photograph lacked the spark! As I thought of running to the ice-cream stand, I saw a young girl, running towards a class…no doubt, late for her afternoon lecture. Within seconds, I aligned my camera to take this picture, and this is what I needed! A life, an honesty or naughtiness of the girl running into her class.
Natural resource utilization
Centsational Girl This blog is jaw-droppingly inspirational. Kate is one of the most talented DIYers that I’ve ever seen. She buys thrift store furniture that looks totally hopeless, and walks you through the process of transforming them into designer masterpieces.
The term “action painting” was invented by the critic Harold Rosenberg and appeared for the first time in his article “American Action Painters” (ArtNews, December 1952).
I would “set P” with the boys,
Ditch the synthetic dyes and go natural. By using organic ingredients, this recipe is kind to your wallet and your health—and you’ll learn a thing or two about the beauty of nature. “Two Men and A Little Farm” has created eggselent recipes to get the perfect springtime shades.
Hi Jen,
Well last night, while out at a friend’s, I had an episode. Not a full blown one like the good old days but significantly worse than the minor ones I’d had a week after discharge from hospital. So, lesson learnt.
Even more, there’s a feeling that, the more history we get to live through, the more we have in common as a population. Even though we do it in separate rooms and houses, we watch massive sporting events like the U.S. Open together. We watch presidential elections together. We watch horrible news like 9/11 together. And we get to share with each other where we were when it happened, and how we felt. Those moments galvanize us. We call each other when the moment happens. We email. We leave a comment. We give each other our own little, tiny, insignificant view of that history.
Duff McKagan (Guns N Roses),
The Dave of now, the Dave who has learned that actually doing an activity brings more satisfaction than simply owning the equipment related to that activity, he went out and bought the absolute best camera he could get for under a hundred dollars, a Canon PowerShot A3300 IS point-and-shoot. I like that Dave better.
For example, last Thursday an individual listed a nice looking Ford F-150 truck on Craig’s List that upon discovery by both Spoilboy and Dragonwife curled their toes with glee. For Spoilboy it was the appearance of the truck and the reasonable price. Dragonwife on the other hand liked the low mileage and the fact that its purchase would turn both Spoilboy and me into suburban yard working serfs for all eternity.
My Islam is Edger Allen Poe dancing on his own grave
The entire ordeal is documented by a barely-pubescent girl with no camera training and her older sister, whose increased age doesn't translate into camera skill. But if shaky camera work bothers you, you would have given up on the sub-genre shortly after The Blair Witch Project.
I am proud of giving up an amazing Army career because they wanted me to leave my wife and baby for 12 months.
I always think that I won't take very many pictures this time around. And then I end up just click, click, clicking, and somehow I took 140 pictures!
I have two children, two children, who are both delayed. Nether of them can form words to communicate at the level of their peers. Both learned to walk later than their peers. There is all kinds of things they can’t do. They are delayed. That does not make them stupid or dumb. They are extremely intelligent. To me intelligence is light. And they both are full of light.
- Yet when we came back, late, from the Hyacinth garden,
Please do not get me wrong: there is absolutely no reason for you to feel guilty if you absolutely cannot unschool due to finances and a need to work very long hours. So please don’t feel guilty! But that might not have to be the end of the story for you, either. If money and/or childcare are the only things standing between your family and unschooling, see if you can come up with a solution. Try brainstorming with other unschooling or homeschooling friends (or on this blog!) and with your family and maybe you’ll be able to come up with a creative way of life that is unique to your own family’s needs—one that will allow you to live life the way you always wanted to.
The prime minister yesterday seemed to blame the organisers for the violence, saying if they had accepted the government’s Stadium Merdeka offer, “these things would not have happened at all”.
My mother and grandfather were the main perpetrators. They sexually abused me during early childhood. If they (the ones who should have nurtured and protected me) could do that, what might the rest of the world do?
Needful Things has always held a special place in my heart because it was the first Stephen King book I ever read. Well, it was the first one I ever read all the way through - I was about 11 years old when I tried to read Pet Sematary but soon gave up on it because of immature frustration. Since then, Needful Things has remained one of my favorites of King's novels. According to the top ten list I made for David over at Talk Stephen King, it is number 4, and I think that is the perfect place for this under-appreciated novel.
As the rain clouds scud away from our skies, and we enjoy the drying puddles, the sparkling blades of grass, and the shadows of window panes across the desk, I'm making lists of What To Take on our journey to the east, and practising tunes, meeting weeds, attending weddings, planning paintings and more besides.
In Massachusetts in October, 2009, Land Court Judge Keith Long reaffirmed a March, 2009, ruling that a lender cannot begin foreclosure proceedings before the lender has filed and recorded the Assignment, stating:
Finally, after about ten minutes on the phone with C.J., came the money shot: “Boyland says Montgomery is siding with people who have million-dollar brownstones and want to preserve their exclusive neighborhood instead of looking out for her own constituents.”
Ah, employing science to do my job for me is a wonderful thing. In all seriousness though, the sky does not remain lit half an hour after sunset, and this fellow’s argument was fairly laughable. Anyway, what do you think?
When I first washed my hair with these I wasn't bowled over, infact I felt Id made a mistake and I thought myself lucky Id only bought the small sizes! I used it once or twice and disliked it enough to revert back to Herbal Essences as soon as possible!
“I always think out a problem as clearly as possible, and then act on it. My theory has always been to get started. The moment I get an idea I act upon it. If only people would act on more of their ideas, I am convinced they would lead more interesting lives.”
Remember paint by numbers? Or how about putting a scrapbook page together with construction paper and a photo of the two of you? Creative dates can help spark romantic feelings. After all, it’s the interesting, imaginative, and unique parts of us that make us truly attractive.
AgroForestry
If you are snacking and think it’s just a little nibble or just a cracker then you are likely adding hundreds of calories a day without realizing. Keep track of it all to avoid those expensive cracker and cheese like snacks that may appear to be healthy and really add calories. Also those donuts, cookies and nuts can add up too.
I'm still planning on building that ladder I photoshopped in earlier, and I'm quite excited about it...
On the other hand, Michael Corleone, the good son who was supposed to do things right and stay out of the family business, quickly loses his purity of heart when he chooses revenge. At the movie’s end he has willingly taken up the corrupting mantle of absolute power. Certainly there were events that pushed Michael along the path, but the choices were his to make, and to quote another favorite movie: “He chose poorly.”
The foliage is colored with G21, YG41, G24, G28, YG63, YG67, YG45, and BG99 and Warm Grays (for the darkest shadow areas).
Set out in black and white, none of these steps is hard to do. Yet it has taken me over a decade to go back to this story and now I find that people can scarcely believe that I ever suffered from a lack of confidence in speaking. So please don’t ever look at someone skilled and assume that you could never be like them!
PAPER STANDS:
Alex clapped for the first time today. All on his own. It was clumsy, it only happened a few times, but he clapped! I was going to attach the video to this thing so you guys can see it, but my blondeness couldn't figure it out. Oh well!
“Okay,” says the cop to the farang in English. “Everything okay.” He looks at us. “You two,” he says in Thai, “you follow me.”
One thing to remember if you use planks like I have you will need to add some extra support to the bowl area if you cut out a hole to fit it into, other wise the planks will flap about all over the place, just add a strip of wood on the underside of the work top near to where the bowl is.
Almost immediately after we meet them they are threatened by Scary Men who want to kill and eat them. So, it’s the usual (yawn) cannibal rednecks. Maybe I can come up with something more original than that. They were not intended as more than a Little Bad but you never know–you can always re-use guys like that, if they live.
Broadway House for Clothing Hosiery Hats and Boys Outfitting.
Have a good Sunday!! It’s gloomy weather in So Cal!
"Today or tomorrow
* Use sanding as a technique.
But his art captures my imagination the same as artist Michael Whelan (if you don't know who this is, you could google his name). Or, you could just visit my post that I wrote on Michael Whelan HERE. I also talk about him extensively on a post on general cover art featuring books by Patrick Dilloway, Cindy Borgne, and Andrew Leon. You can find that post located HERE.
Chase – school magazine editor, photographer extraodinaire, and next-door-neighbour to Josh – was (to put it plainly) hot – really want to see more of him, and see his-and-Hartley’s relationship progress in the coming books – gotta love a teenage boy secure enough in himself to wear guyliner to school. There’s no insta-romance, just a lot of potential, gradually beginning to happen. Sam, Hartley’s best friend, is a fabulous and funny friend, and I liked that she was so involved in Hartley’s life. Their relationship and conversation felt very real and was full of lines that made me grin so much. (“OMG, you touched a dead body!”) Hartley’s mom is slightly eccentric and slightly more overdramatic, but I enjoyed that she obviously does love Hartley, and vice versa.
Picking up Seducing the Governess was a quick read as I wanted to find out about Captain Gavin Briggs and how the story started with the separated sisters, which I found out in the book Brazen from Margo Maguire. Reading books out of order is habit for me as I just pick up books from the racks randomly. But nevertheless I looked forward to reading Seducing the Governess and I was not disappointed.
With Rick Santorum out of the race, the Republican base is scrambling to build support around another contender who could beat Romney. And they may have discovered a dark horse candidate: an unidentified shirtless man screaming obscenities at traffic from the parking lot of a Tulsa-area Walgreens.
Step 5 is sure to work, but it does have concequences. In fact, he is sure to be upset that you woke him over snoring, because he is 100 percent sure he doesn't snore.
1 expressive
And we, who with unveiled faces all reflect the Lord’s glory,
In 1914, around the time WWI was declared, a group of Boers who had always believed that they had been betrayed by Louis Botha and other leaders who had negotiated peace with the British, rebelled. The rebellion was quelled and the players exorcised from political and social life, many left destitute and without permanent work for the rest of their lives.
Sorry about not having the full clip. The BBC have been very careful not to show full humilation of Phil Woolas.
B - Cinnamon Rolls with Cream Cheese Frosting (using frozen bread dough)
You can find an archive of the tweets right here! If you aren't familiar with reading an archive, you'll need to start reading from the bottom up. I was tweeting in real time as the workshop was in session! :)
Meh. Not that great. The voice acting is okay. The music is either not too great or non-existent.
as Soul diffuses in subatomic resolution
I give the top nod to Le Gueuze as they had the most International Beer Selection, as well as plenty of French beer. Au Trappist is great if you are into Belgians only. If so, you could stay holed up in there for weeks.
Office of the Indiana Attorney General
So, I guess that is about it. I am finally happy. I am in love, and for the first time in my life...I know that I have a real future on this path I have chosen. Things have definitely fallen in place for me, in so many ways I never dreamed of...and all those ways are so meant to be. It all makes sense now. All the things that never made sense to me, all the things that I was unable to understand, finally make sense. I finally see what the plan was all along...and I realize that everything, each and every little thing happened for a reason. And that reason put me on the yellow brick road, so to speak (in fairytale terms.)
But first… what is the meaning of the words: seeing the city, He wept over it saying: If thou also hadst known? The Redeemer did indeed weep beforehand over the destruction of the city; and which the city itself did not know was to come upon it. And rightly does the weeping Lord say to it: If thou also hadst known; meaning , that you also would weep, you who now rejoice, since you know not what threatens you. And because of this He adds: and that in this thy day, the things that are to thy peace. For while it was giving itself over to the pleasures of the flesh, and saw nothing of the evils that were to come, it already possessed, and in its own day the things that could have been for its peace. Why it held present things as the source of its peace is made clear, when He said: now they are hidden from thine eyes. For if the evils that threatened it were not hidden from the eyes of its heart, it would not have rejoiced in its present good fortune. He then goes to add the punishment which threatened it from the Roman rulers.
A month ago - just a few days after I fell - I went for my twice-yearly checkup. I pointed to a tiny new red spot just below my nose, which I thought resulted from my fall. It was next to some scar tissue from an earlier fall, which occasionally peels, I said. Hold it, he said.
**(Though, according to one of the helpful commenters on my recent blog post in the link above, the idea of observation here is not just the act of someone looking, but the measuring, which involves a physical act likely to change the particle. However, this is still why Jack is fascinated and why he calls his band Schrödinger's Cats.))
When it comes to wooden posts, there is always the issue of water seeping into the grain of the wood which can cause cracking and splintering. There are also times when insects can burrow into the wood and cause further damage. When the top of the posts are not protected, your valuable investment can go to waste sooner or later.
Fourth, tomorrow is my last day of work until January 4, 2007. I haven't had this much time off since before giving birth. So I have almost 2 weeks! To amuse the kids! To keep them from trashing the house! To help them adjust to a different schedule for 2 weeks before they have to readjust to the old one! To separate them when they're fighting! To make sure Her Majesty keeps up the potty training!
Last night I mentioned to Dave that I don't recall getting their invite and he said we probably won't because we said we couldn't make it. He added they may have thought they could save money by not sending us an invite.
Through a quantitative analysis of human rights trials since the 1970s, Sikkink attempts to rebut the scholarly and political consensus regarding the ostensible “destabilizing” role of human rights trials and truth commissions. The conventional wisdom amongst academics and politicians alike was that “prosecutions for past violations were likely to destabilize new democracies.” Many feared that attempts to prosecute human rights violators, particularly in the armed forces, would foster situations ripe for military coups. Moreover, others argued that these prosecutions or the threat of such prosecutions would manifest further human rights violations by dictators that were attempting to maintain their grip on power. Stephan Krasner has argued, “attempts to bring even the leader of an abhorrent regime to trial could make it more difficult to promote democracy by making such leaders and their accomplices more desperate to maintain their hold on power.” This argument still has a great deal of currency and has been employed in the case of Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir. However, Sikkink demonstrates that these fears are wholly unfounded and that human rights trials and truth commissions have contributed to stability, engendered political cultures of accountability, and established salutary legal and normative precedents. Beginning in Argentina, and continuing throughout Latin America, such as in El Salvador, Guatemala, Chile, and Uruguay, human rights trials and truth commissions have been an important component of successful democratization in Latin America. Indeed, the empirical evidence speaks for itself, as Latin America has seen by far the most human rights trials and truth commissions and also has a remarkable paucity of authoritarian retrenchment.
The settlers produce "German honey", bake bread from homegrown wheat, produce fruit and vegetables for sale, and knit their own woollen sweaters. Observers have noted that the far-right farmers have been able to profit from the cheap and spacious swaths of land left by a population exodus from impoverished states in the former East Germany, such as Mecklenburg.
· Exposure to cloud computing, Tomcat and MySQL is preferred
KELLER WILLIAMS REALTY OF MANATEE hosted a “Red Day” blood drive (with the Manatee County Red Cross) and highway clean-up project (SR 64 East). The Red Cross expectation for the blood drive, given the size of the mobile unit sent and hours to service donors, was about 18 donors. We far exceeded that number with final figures totaling around 30 donors for the day! It was a wonderful feeling and experience for our agents… putting the focus for the day on community, people, and service… brought us back to the realization and rediscovery of why we chose to be “Keller Williams Agents” in the first place. On a lighter and more humorous note (now that first aid has been administered and everyone is OK!) …. we only had 2 1/2 casualties for the day…. 2 of our agents fainted after giving blood. One in the parking lot walking back from the Red Cross van … an ambulance was called and she was taken to the hospital and ultimately given a clean bill of health and released… and one agent, who was about to faint sitting in a chair sipping juice and eating cookies, saw one of the agents that DID faint going down and rushed to help her to the floor! In the excitement of the moment the agent that assisted the unconscious agent forgot about her own dizziness and never lost consciousness! YES…. WE LOVED OUR FIRST RED DAY!
Perhaps legislators need a lesson on how small businesses operate and the incentives that cause action within the entrepreneurial community. While only 43% of all Congressmen have any experience in private sector business and less than 25% hold an advanced degree in business administration,[ii] it may come as no surprise that they have little understanding of what drives the entrepreneur. To be fair, when considering factors that encourage entrepreneurial activity only a little common sense is necessary.
In a small saucepan, bring the vinegar, water, and salt to a boil. While this mixture is heating up, divide the remaining ingredients between two clean pint jars, and then stuff each with half of the cucumber wedges.
First thing to get was a large piece of MDF from Lowe's (around $20, they cut it to size for me). We have a King size bed, so the measurements were around 78x35 for ours (I actually could have made it a few inches narrower though)
You know, Tim Keller has this excellent ending to a sermon where he poses the question ‘Why did Christ suffer for us?’ It’s an excellent question. Why did He do all this? Keller points to a passage in Isaiah 53 that says ‘Out of the anguish of his soul he shall see and be satisfied; by his knowledge shall the righteous one, my servant, make many to be account righteous and he shall bear their iniquities.’
If you know of anyone like that, please give them a copy of the book. Make them read it and tell them never, EVER to watch a BBC adaptation of any of Dickens' books.
Alex and I have been trying to buy this "old" (1903 -- HA HA! Our Paris apartment is from 1670, motherf*cker!) house for almost eight months. When we first started the process, it seemed like plenty of time to get it squared away before we returned home. But that was FALSE.
Agatha smiles slightly, but is mostly a bit overwhelmed by all of it.
This doesn’t necessarily mean shopping at a secondhand store. Londyn told me that she has been finding thrift store prices at the department stores lately (and she haunts Macy’s and Dillard’s – not exactly discount merchandisers). In fact, it doesn’t mean shopping at all. If you can put together an outfit made up of items that you spent no more than $20 on, it counts. And there are always free sources of clothing: your friend's castoffs, swapped items, or even something scrounged from the trash.
To join the brimming river,
As Saturday’s usually go it has been a quite eventful day. I was up from 2am with my little lad again because he slept so much yesterday while recovering from his bug that he was wide awake in the night – oh joy. I managed to snatch a couple more hours sleep from 5.30am but boy am I tired!
Flynn, James R. Asian Americans: Achievement Beyond IQ. Hillsdale, New Jersey,
My ghee was more yellow than golden, but the smell was right. Still, I thought something was wrong. I let it sit on the counter and went about my business. A few hours later Mojo is hollering - "MOM, is that ghee?!? YOU made that? (shock) It's so pretty!" Low and behold, the ghee had set and it was gorgeous. The color was creamy yellow, and the texture was, too. It smelled wonderful. But as with all cooking, the proof is in the pudding. So, we made toast. OH MY GOODNESS. It was richness. I am so proud of myself!.
I would then somehow be the police chief of Shanghai. It’s nice to be the police chief. One has the power to do what one wants. That is, if others let one get away with it. But they must! If they were dumb enough to say “Wukiutschu should lead us!” then they have to be satisfied with me. And if someone weren’t satisfied, I’d take action, since there are always malcontents. I would therefore decree:
Back cover blurb:
I'm going away to have a lie down now, after all that excitement. I'll be back on Friday, bringing you a Mythic Interview from no less a luminary than Michelle Paver. I AM lucky to be keeping such starry company these days!
I wrote this last night.
And did I mention I hate it?
Inserting bricks and stones into the mouths of suspected vampires was thought to stop them chewing their way out, feasting on other corpses, and stalking the night looking for fresh blood.
"THE FAMILY" WAS EVERWHERE
and in some places
Dance: Rumba
We obviously couldn't stay at the state park so we had to find another spot. We ventured right down the highway to try a county park we had not visited in years.
That one aspect to the story came very close to the end of the book so it didn't take away from how much I enjoyed reading it. It did leave me feeling the book was close to perfect, but just shy of getting a perfect rating for me. I mean this is a REALLY good book. :)
After we had our lunch I baked cakes. The sun is shining brightly outside now and the temperature is 84 degrees.
Aside from being cool, archaeology is one of the most important fields for the understanding of ourselves, in the past, the present and the future. Even more than passion, archaeology requires patience from start to finish.
I mostly use the default programs from the Ubuntu software center or ppa‘s. However, the latest versions of GDAL, QGIS and GRASS aren’t available or in the configuration I want, so I compile those myself. It is always a question whether an update of the OS will break dependencies. As it turned out, it did. But simply running the whole ./configuration – make – sudo make install again solved the problems.
Congratulations to the winner of Susan May Warren's Baroness Marta! Please e-mail your address to Christen (ckrumm@litfusegroup.com)!
I will continue blogging in the future about this as it is important but not the thing which defines me. I still dislike it when people think that schizophrenia and/of bipolar illness are “split or multiple” personalities, which, of course, they are not. There is much education to be done to help eradicate the stigma of mental illness.
According to police, six robbers barged into a private bank situated in Jamshed Quarters area near Islamia College, and looted the cash after holding the bank staff members hostage.
As they walked to the car a flight of swallows whipped across the sky. The girl turned her head to follow their path. A smile came to her face as she did so. She felt the dip and the dive, the arching swoop of the birds, and the air rippling across her feathers.
Rippled both shores
This is the nutshell of the conversation I had with my precious Lord and friend.
And each must play a
I just want to say, ” We know we’re wasting money. ” I’d like a thank you for keeping our Americans working. That includes all sports teams. We don’t have to buy sports memorabilia or even go to the games. If you or I want to save money. We know what to cut back on. www.onepeek88.wordpress.com
I don't know about you, but I'm excited about a couple of things - the chocolate and the dark chocolate!
Because of this, Hibiscus rosa-sinensis has become popular with hobbyists who cross and re-cross varieties, creating new names for the progeny as they go along. Such hybrids are often sterile but those that aren’t further increase the complexity of varieties, leading to virtually unlimited types.
'Worcester has an unusually strong cohort of talented female poets and two were on form tonight.
Prefense is water based, not alcohol based so it does not dry out your hands. Most other sanitizers are very heavily scented, usually to cover up the alcohol smell. Prefense has a very light scent, which is nice since I am sensitive to strong scents.
Even if an individual’s right to travel is guaranteed by the constitution, former President Arroyo still needs the Justice Secretary’s approval to seek medical attention overseas because of DOJ Circular 41, signed by then-DOJ Sec. Alberto Agra last May 25, 2010 – or merely five weeks before Benigno Aquino III took his oath as the country’s 15th president. The said circular seeks to consolidate the rules and regulations governing the issuances and implementing of hold departure orders, watchlist orders, and allow departure orders.
Perhaps Hodgson’s approach might suit England? If we are lucky enough to qualify for the knock stages of the Euros it might suit us, plenty of 0-0 and then penalties- ok, given England’s record in this area, perhaps not. One thing Hodgson is going to have to change is his rather “chippy” attitude when it comes to criticism. Anyone remember his comments about the Anfield crowd and even after he left he was bit sensitive when contemplating his return with West Brom.
The article is: How Can Scouting Help Children with Special Needs?
3) Literary Climatology
The Dev Alpha is running a modified version of the PlayBook OS, with the PlayBook interface and gestures, so there are few clues about the final BlackBerry 10 user interface.
The mother-of-two opened the insurance business in 1998.
I'll be back to blogging a new recipe tonight!
The surprising thing is, the majority of these people are wearing suits, and are what seem to be highly educated people. But it seems as though they switch their brain off when using the public transport system.
And guilt that I didn't make it beyond
Well, I'll be at the I heart Market tomorrow with these and all my other ranges of ceramic ware, so come and take a look.
Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the new iPad during an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, March 7, 2012. The new iPad features a sharper screen and a faster processor. Apple says the new display will be even sharper than the high-definition television set in the living room.
Susana Magenheimer of Susana's Custom Art and Card Design KNOWS how much this old retired college prof LOVES paper and I can share with you that this is my very favorite place to shop for paper. She always has all of the new papers in her shop right away and her customer service is TOPS!!!! So the very generous Susana is offering:
Give me
I have seriously missed blogging and well the internet in general. I have not had service for a month. A MONTH! I thought when we moved I would have better service. Never dreamed it would get worse! I still do not have great service but its something. I am not sure how long I will hold out before putting a phone line in the house. So what have I done with my time? Well I have managed to paint the kitchen , living room, K.K.'s room, A porch swing, 2 porch rockers, and 2 back porch chairs, and a bookshelf. I got completely registered for fall classes and all grants and paperwork in for the year. I spent 2 weeks without any kids.......which was nice at first, then boring, then really quiet, then down right depressing. I went to my parents to get them. J and H went with me.....which was interesting to say the least. All school shopping is finished except for paper towels and kleenex. I completely planned a family trip and train ride to New Orleans.....only to have the trip cancelled as we are about to board the train. Hurricane Bonnie.....grrrrr.... Spent a weekend in Gulf Shores with all the kids.
What's needed is choice. For example, GPs should be able to assess the performance of local care providers and send patients to the most appropriate one dependent on their needs. If that happens to be a private outfit rather than a public one, so be it. As far as the patient is concerned, it is free. The only difference would be quality. Where appropriate the patient should be provided with adequate information to be able to make informed decisions of their own about where and how they are treated.
Miller first cites James Cone of the Union Theological Seminary, who authored Black Theology and Black Power (1969) with inspiration from Malcolm X, and who in turn inspired Rev. Jeremiah Wright — conspicuously without supplying anything Cone said or thought (so let me): “Whether the American system is beyond redemption we will have to wait and see. But we can be certain that black patience has run out, and unless white America responds positively to the theory and activity of Black Power, then a bloody, protracted civil war is inevitable.” [Black Theology and Black Power, p.143.]
My favorite Boulevard beer is without a doubt Saison-Brett. I say this with zero hesitation every single time I'm asked what my favorite beer we brew is. Sadly, I can't drink it all the time so I also drink a lot of Pale Ale, Tank 7, and Pilsner. I still freak out when it's Bob's 47 season as well.
We gathered our supplies and began.
On the matte grey sky;
Over the last four months or so, as this blog has sketched out the trajectory of empires in general, and then traced the intricate history of America’s empire in particular, I’ve been avoiding a specific issue. That avoidance hasn’t come from any lack of awareness on my part, and if it had been, comments and emails from readers asking when I was going to get around to discussing the issue would have taken care of that in short order. No, it’s simply a natural reluctance to bring up a subject that has to be discussed sooner or later, but is guaranteed to generate far more heat than light.
I may offend some with this next statement, but things have gotten out of control. The NRA has way too much influence and every politician, not just Republicans, are scared of them. We have more guns than people in the US. Let me say this again. We have more guns than people in the US. Pick up any paper and read the news around the region – murder, suicide, murder, accidental shooting, murder, etc.- are reported consistently. For context purposes, there is high propensity of depression on college campuses and the NRA wants to arm the students. Arguments with family and friend escalate into a shooting because a hand gun was nearby. Yes, you are partially right NRA, “guns don’t kill people, people kill people. The last phrase should be “people who have access to guns kill people.” I like Chris Rock’s solution to gun violence – make the bullets cost $5,000. That will minimize gun deaths. As an US citizen, there is no reason a civilian should possess an AK-47. So, the real story is too many people are dying needlessly in our country. More guns to reduce the number of gun deaths would be like putting out a fire with kerosene.
I already own a very nice haircurler with lots of different pieces to creates different hairstyles. But it doesn't have a very BIG curler of a very small one, something I really missed. And for this amount of money, I could always give it to someones else, or save it for a giveaway ;)
It is kind of intimidating being part of a blog hop because I knew that the other fabulous ladies will have some amazing projects. I knew that I was going to have to think out of the box to be on par with these ladies.
Angry people would not “misdirect” the ruling party from its mission to improve lives, he said.
The ruling elite have different approaches towards white Britons and immigrants on a number of issues, but the most disturbing of all is the psychological warfare waged against indigenous British people. Their main tactic consists of trying to generate a sense of guilt and a feeling of “having wronged others” amongst our people — while at the same time ensuring that we are blamed for all ills affecting any other ethnic group.
Someone once said, to love is to die. I think it was Johnny the Homicidal Maniac (a comic book series I cannot recommend to anyone because it is so insane. well I mean, the title… duh)
Not a misanthropic ass like House is. No, I was more attracted to the mysteries, the logic, the game. I was attracted to the teamwork, to the excitement, to the imminence of disaster striking, only to be caught at the last minute.
I was dozing off a few rows away from the assholes in first, and as I relaxed into my seat I was convinced that they paid an extra 5k euros for the food. Until seat 13B, next to me, was filled.
Just like the setting sun’s reflection on the water, Mother Nature is teaching me to make time for review at the end of each day. Besides appraising what I accomplished, it’s important to note what I learned; how I grew, and in what way I was able to be of service to someone else.
- 3 eggs
I have bought too many pieces from Korea trip. Hence, clearing them now.
#5- Paul Ryan’s Raiders: Nick Ray and Kevin Collins (R)
Add in eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition.
She dials 911 and is on the verge of hysteria. Convinced her son has been kidnapped she is paralyzed with fear. My trainee and I arrive first at the house but don't see the parents. Mom is running door to door recruiting an army of frantic neighbors desperately searching for the boy. Mom sees us and runs over sobbing uncontrollably. We do our best to get the boy's description, clothing, and possible destinations. She tells us Dad is driving around the area and several neighbors can be heard yelling his name and checking bushes, garages, and cars.
Today I'm feeling a little on the "poopy" side. As in, I'm bummin' a little. I've spent a lot of time, lately, just feeling a little on the blue side and, therefore, I have found myself "wasting" a lot of time. I have many more exciting 10 Things topics floating around in my head, but I find myself with little time left to write the post and so... here are Five Things on which I have been wasting my time plus Five Things I feel I should have spent that time doing...
The moon was down.
Retired
Our mid-morning cup of tea on the deck took on a new dimension this morning when our regular friendly magpie, Rossini, flew down onto the table to see if we had brought anything for him. A few minutes later his 'wife' paid us a rare visit and they warbled in unison, perched on the back of the chairs.
Also, it made me incredibly happy to see her eat a cupcake in the shower-she gets it! It was like she was basically saying, “Fuck you, this is what women do sometimes.” And we do. Or at least I do.
made some effects on the layout by stamping the dotted stamps from Tim Holtz using the white chalk ink
But when we turn to Christ we turn to the Living God. He has paid the price for our sins on the cross and He adopts us as His children and sets us free from the bondage of those sins. He becomes our father and we become His children.
And they sounded great -- played all their classics with their best blues sound. And played a straight-up tribute to Jimi Hendrix ("Hey Joe") along with an explanation that they appreciated Hendrix's recognition of them when they were just starting out (in 1969!).
A fascinating and rewarding read is Competition Law And Patents: a Follow-on Innovation Perspective in the Biopharmaceutical Industry, by Irina Haracoglou. The author, a lawyer and independent researcher/consultant, does not produce a description of the law so much as a sonnet, a reflection of her curiosity, sharp insights, perplexity and frustration at the slippery nature of the balance which is her declared objective.
in life...
Hundreds of schools do not have electricity or running water and absenteeism has become such a concern that President Jacob Zuma has begged teachers to show up for classes.
Our goal is to raise $2500 on IndieGogo, which will pay for the first 30 participants. The more we raise the more people and can teach. Our desire is to offer this program at a minimal financial cost to the participants, although they will be asked to invest in this opportunity in other ways, such as community service. The amount will go towards:curriculum, facilities, supplies, and other related expenses. Additional funds will also be applied toward establishing a business incubator that will provide on-going support to graduates.
In a time and in a country where everyone goes out of his way to announce opinions or hand down judgements, Mr Palomar has made a habit of biting his tongue three times before asserting anything. After the bite, if he is still convinced of what he was going to say, he says it. If not, he keeps his mouth shut. In fact, he spends whole weeks, months in silence.
“What is wrong with such a consequence?” I asked. “I only give people techniques or recipes or tools to help them to do what they need to do— what is wrong in using the transformation of energy to change those miserable feelings into constructive behavior?” That had been what we had discussed at lunch. I knew that Krishnamurti was violently opposed to dogmas, rites, gurus, and Ascended Masters— to all the gadgetry of those organized powers whose aim is to impress the masses with keeping the godhead and its graces as their supreme and private monopoly. But I had no idea that he also objected to psycho-physical exercises, such as my recipes. Unaware of this fact, I had innocently exposed myself and my work. Now I realized that he had restrained himself during lunch, tactfully waiting until we were alone. He did not restrain himself now; vehemently, with unspeakable intensity, he spoke.
ONCE UPON A TIME IN AMERICA
I'm back at work. It's pretty cool. I'm glad to be there. I was apparently mightily missed (mainly because I do a bunch of stuff no one else has time or patience for) and everyone is glad to see me. The project I was working on before I left has not gotten near as far as I hoped it would while I was gone (no one's fault except massive bureaucracy in India) and so I am diving back in to a pile of shit so deep I wonder if I will ever get out.
1 small can mandarin oranges (optional), drained
TwitChange and CARE rang the NASDAQ opening bell on March 11 and were featured in Times Square:
- Shipping and airline companies that bring undocumented foreigners into Mexico will be fined. (Article 132)
Gunmetal python pumps: Ann Taylor
Embrace All you good people UK
I’m on the right track baby
...From the rest 7"s above, i probably know even less than the above.
To thank you for visiting,
To this day, even as (what I consider to be) a refined adult, I do this. In fact, it just happened again last night.
Hurry up and wait
Quite the opposite, high school is gone... finished. I am sad, but not regretful. I was here for my son every step of the way... every morning packing his lunch. I didn't miss anything! I gave him everything a mom can give... way beyond sandwiches and chips and the occasional motivational note tucked inside.
Body: MINNESOTAN TREE SURGEON
Apparently we don't pass everything on to our children -- Jordan certainly did not get her father's financial sense.
We talk about people groups (and missionaries) during our school day, and during family worship.
I’m not a cliché,
The next artist we'd like you to meet is Shadley Grimes, who will be joining us at our open house again this year with her original paintings. She's a great artist - and both Laura and I have special pieces of hers hanging in our own homes!
We love Christmas and a tradition that we are excited about continuing this year is the "Elf on a Shelf" which is becoming more and more popular, but this gets the kids excited about Christmas the day after Thanksgiving because they know that "Buddy the Elf" will be visiting and keeping watch over them to see if they are being good or bad and then at night when they are sleeping he reports back to Santa. Every day he is in a new spot and the kids always love to search to find him. Another Tradition we love is being with my husband's family Christmas Eve and then being with my family on Christmas Day, spending time with those that we love, enjoying great food, and celebrating the true reason of the season which is the Birth of Jesus!
3. Let steep at least 24 hours before serving.
5. Improve productivity: - As LG moved forward with re-inventing IBM, he took the following measures to improve productivity:
Edmonds took a job as a translator at the FBI shortly after 9-11, what she discovered while working for the FBI has caused her nothing but legal trouble and grief.
I don't want to give to much away at the moment. I don't want to give you any prompts that affect your response, so please bear with the lack of info for the time being.
Price: $34.99
We had break dance today at school during P.E. It was funn! I learned things like six step and indian and what else.. well, a LOT anyway. It was great, really, you should try it!
Until my trip, I had never tasted such a delicious macaron. They are light and crisp and at the same time chewy on the outside with a smooth, creamy (not sticky) filling on the inside. The filling was always the perfect amount too—spread thickly enough to touch the edges of both cookies but not too thick to squirt out when I bit in. The flavors (pistacio, rose, lemon, salted caramel, mango, passion fruit) and colors were scrumptious and creative.
Hey you, you're a child in my head
I do believe I am still motivated to use my bottle and I am going to keep using my bottle because it is good for the environment and helps me financially. I think my PSP is a great fit for my lifestyle however, adapting to new PSPs that can fit in my lifestyle or changing my life style a little to fit more sustainable action can happen. Actually I have already started stop wasting water when I am brushing my teeth. I agree it is a little harder since it has been my habit for a while, but change is hard but not impossible. There are other PSPs which I would like to add to my list of PSPs, such as buying from the farmers market and growing my own vegetables when I have my own house in the future.
Minimalistic bar design. Exposed brick, scrubbed wood tables, floor that has had the carpet ripped up and then swept. Limited, uncomfortable seating. Punk IPA on keg. Jaipur on cask. Dark Star on cask. A London 'micro-brew' on keg. An American hop-bomb on keg. Beer served in dimpled jugs. Beer at £4 a pint. Shiny metal pipes around the place.
I posted it on my office door. Yes, we have the sort of office where this is considered humorous.
Rocky does not think he can defeat Apollo. He just wants to go the distance--15 rounds--to prove that he can. Apollo does not take him seriously, either, but the match becomes itense when Rocky takes advantage of his overconfidence and knocks him down in the first round. Rocy goes the distance, but loses a split decision. It does not matter, though, because he has won Adrian’s heart.
love, when we’re involved, becomes a foreign language that we grow unable to understand.
A better attitude
But I don’t
Row 22- ch1, turn, sc dec, hdc in 5, dc in 7, hdc in 5, sc dec.
Don’t put up the walls
Olga
So go ahead, share what free speech means to you. Do we take it for granted in the west? I can’t even imagine what it is like in other countries. I remember living in South Korea and my friend was afraid to say anything against the government even though they were enjoying the first democratic election in 50 years after the Korean war. It made me remember that it is an ongoing battle, like most things, to protect human freedom.
See you then.
Hope you enjoy my card
It’s also been speculated that because there’s been “no Simpson sightings” since her March baby shower and that her sister, Ashley Simpson had visited earlier this month and stayed a couple of weeks, that Jessica had given birth and was relaxing without paparazzi and media attention.
Composed by: Alex Heffes
Me: "Hell ain't soundin' half bad to me right about now."
Row 7: Ch 9. Dc in 4th ch from hook. Dc in the next 5 chs. Dc in each dc around. Do not join.
I am excited to share One for the Murphys here today. In a post later today, Lynda will share her own thoughts reading with her children. The sign of a good book? I want to start buying a copy for many of my friends (Talia, a copy is on it's way to you already!).
Thanks for playing everyone. Should these ladies not contact me within a week I may just draw again!
Of course there is always a little room for treats and processed foods so you can build an "Others" category on your list. Again, by listing this separately you keep a good eye on how many treats and processed foods you are selecting. You can make the decision of whether you want to choose 1 or 2 "real" treats (full fat / high calorie) or 2-3 "diet" treats (reduced fat / reduced calorie). There is certainly a limit to how many you can choose because these foods should not make up more than 10% or so of your total daily calories.
The effect is bitty but the new plants will soon settle in.
I may just find shapes in the blue.
shaping my face with thoughts
In a City Planning report, the agency addressed CB 7’s concerns by saying the area is well-served by mass transit and that “the adjacent proposed Flushing Commons development will provide a total of 1,600 public parking spaces, which will replace the 1,101 parking spaces presently in the municipal lot.”
I can only imagine what it would have been like to go to confession when he was present. The thought of not looking at my sins thourough enough to be told I needed to go back and ask the Holy Spirit to enlighten me. Or to read my heart and know I was not being honest. WOW!
He was allegedly pulled over by the police near Sandton City, north of Johannesburg, after covering the poorly attended Spain vs New Zealand match in Rustenburg, in North West, on Sunday.
1.Don't mix soft cookies with crispy cookies in the same container or they will make all of the cookies soft. Store crispy with crispy, etc.
Several sequences were boarded during pre-production that depicted a day in the life of Metro Man. Each one featuring Metro Man hard at work protecting the citizens of Metro City who in return show little gratitude for it. These sequences were ultimately cut from the movie for good reasons, which I won't elaborate on here.
In order to be eligible to win this collection I am asking that you leave a comment below, become a follower of this site, and mention/show this sweet stuff on your blog. If you would like an extra chance to win you can also leave a comment on my personal blog. The winner will be selected at random at 12 Noon EST on Sunday, October 25.
Eventually I went away to college, the Great Dane went to a family with small children and a big yard, and the hellcat stayed with me until I moved to England a number of years later.
(Outdoors) Thank You,
Chop rehydrated porcinis and set aside.
2 1/2 cups sugar
How To Get Taller Naturally With Proper Nutrition
Strong would I stand to do the duty willed;
I was at 44,000. 6k to go. No need to get up the following morning. I made a quick supply run (energy drinks, biscuits, high-octane candy and some fresh orange juice - which, and I can't stress this enough, is the most essential component of any all-nighter supplies) and settled in.
I sit there.
Obama: Why at this time everyday, do I get a headache?
Yes, but these feelings I did not foresee….
A Hawaiian delicacy perched in a tree.
Jaela - Everything except for butt whoopin's
4: Lots and lots of cheap used vinyl out there and tens of millions of titles with many that will never see the light of day with CD even after 30 years of CD .
I really like this necklace and the pop of color it will add to an outfit.
It is not fake, it is real, it is mine.
The United States government could not hide the incident even if they wanted to, as a stunned world watch amateur video of the battle and news reports leaked out of similar events in Russia and China. Some on the media did complain that humans had brought the destruction on themselves but deep down everyone knew the aliens never had any intention of coming in peace, something that was proven a little over a year later when their mother ship entered Earth orbit. Humanity’s age of ignorant bliss about the universe had ended in the space of a single day and another had begun where our future and the fate of the Earth itself was very much in doubt.
Personally, I can think of a lot of other examples of being a "real man" (most of them involve doing work around the house without complaint or the expectation of a reward) but they just aren't as funny as the above sentiment, which was a freebie from Create With Tlc. Digi is Bert Bumblethorpe (perfect name, eh?) from Just Inklined.
We have had a lovey nostalgic day at mum and dad’s today. Mum and dad had tidied the bedroom of which Debbie had been sleeping in during her illness, they asked me to pick some jewellery so both myself and Emily-Jane picked jewellery.
Based on these new developments and digital technologies, the average citizen, given the desire to learn, can educate himself to threatening new heights. This makes the news reader of the future a different animal. He will expect more from his news media because with access to high speed Internet, he will be able to get translations of news from around the world. Conducting his own research, this new animal can compare notes, check facts and bounce what he has learned off the daily feed of his local media.
But that won't stop you demanding it will it? Not if everyone around you feels comfortable with the mantra. Your union does not want you to think independently as it undermines their ability to control. This logic works fine in the military, but when freedom of choice is available, people require a good reason to do things. Any time I have questioned issues such as transparency in negotiations I received the same answer: "It is so because the MEC says it is so". Fine. I don't have to agree with it. I don't have to believe in it. And I don't have to remain quiet while our representatives steer us into the quagmire that is your future (it looks exactly like your past).
You justicers, that these our nether crimes
We do have an appointment with a specialist on 4 August. It is the "final word" in our reproductive pursuits.... Dr. Groom will tell us once and for all if/when one or both of us should be sterilized. We know the challenges we face should we have more and we know that given how perfect our two existing babies are we shouldn't push our luck. But.... how do we KNOW that we aren't supposed to have more?? Yes. My uterus is a wreck and my blood condition is a mess. But do we trust the 15th "man" that tells us to never have any more children or do we trust God and not do anything to prevent a pregnancy? Is that irresponsible to disregard MY health for the life of another unborn child? Or do we trust the opinion of an extremely well respected high risk OB to be the final judgement call? Please pray for us and for our decision. We want to be responsible: I am a wife and a mother of two first and foremost. I realize what I am looking to risk to bring another life into the world but what am I supposed to do??? Sterilize myself or pursue our desire to add more to our family? Please pray....
Today I am not a man but a boy, searching sluggishly throughout the interwebz, meandering along in a space consumed by an endless supply of procrastination-inducing crapola. This day in my life will never go down in the history books. It will never be that moment that everything changed. I won’t accomplish anything great. I won’t have any original ideas or thoughts. No. Today two roads diverge in a yellow wood and I take neither one. I just sit in the middle of those woods and I stare up at the sky and giggle at all the penis shaped clouds. My body is mashed potatoes. My mind is a Jolly Rancher. Today, the white wall behind me, with its structural soundness, its job as barrier to the outside world, its ability to be mounted by pictures and clocks and thing-a-ma-whatz-its, is more vital to the world at large than a man who has chosen to spend most of his day watching nerd videos and podcasts and online shows.
The Battle: I judge the Winter 2012 Battle of the Books a great success, because it resulted in me finding two excellent novels, both of which I highly recommend. Charles de Lint has long been one of the finest fantasists around, and Elizabeth Bear has joined him at the pinnacle of the genre.
That’s the irony isn’t it. But at least they are consistent in the way they choose their prize-winners. Among their previous jackpot winners were:
I first came across Richard Brautigan in Saltcoats about twenty years ago in an Ayrshire Cancer Support charity shop on Chapelwell Street. I mean his books and not the man since he’d been dead about seven years by then. I can’t be more precise and a greater degree of precision wouldn’t alter the basic facts. I found four novels by him and purchased three of them purely because I liked the covers, all of which featured a photo of him; I’d never heard of him before that day. The three I bought were In Watermelon Sugar, Willard and his Bowling Trophies: A Perverse Mystery and The Abortion: An Historical Romance 1966. They were the Picador editions from the seventies. Since then I’ve bought A Confederate General From Big Sur in that edition but I don’t think that was the fourth book. I remember it as Trout Fishing in America but who’s to say I’m remembering correctly? I probably paid less than a pound for all three. Why I didn’t take all four I can’t tell you. Perhaps the cover to the fourth paperback was damaged. Suffice to say whatever book it was I’ve now acquired a copy and read it.
Our afternoon runs were a great way to finish the physical activities for the day. I got a chance to chat and run/walk with people. It was a fun way to socialize and exercise. It was also really exciting to see non-runners finish a run with their faces beaming. They went from thinking they probably weren’t going to run to running the entire time and having a blast. Amazing!
Hey blog friends!
For a very long time, I attempted fixing the pieces back together;
Breakfast was over.
Just after 6 a.m. the group was asked to move even further away, to the parking ramp at the Humphrey terminal.
1.) I have lived in 20 different houses
The first thing that struck me was a woman with a young child, arguing with a police officer insisting she had to get onto the platform as she had to get to Holborn. Some people really don't think, then as I walked out of the station. Bearing in mind my last blog. This
I really should go out and buy a sled/sledge before its all gone, but Sky keeps wanting to play on the kid's sleds in the park, and I am not dragging her back up the slippery hill :p
Whiles holding fast his guid blue bonnet,
It's been a long day for me. I have been searching on ksl for a French or Victorian sofa, but haven't been able to find one that was just what I wanted, and within the price range that I wanted to pay (I'm kind of a tightwad if you haven't already gathered that). So, I was ecstatic when I finally found this baby the other night during my evening browse.
understand them fully, yet be consoled with My assurance that the Comforter, the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in My name, He will teach you all that you need know, and recall to your minds (υπομνησει) all that I said (ειπον) to you. This may be regarded as the seventh motive of consolation.
And it was cleansing.
Q-Have you ever had a scrapbooking disaster? (spilled paint, burnt w/ heat gun?) and if so, were you able to rescue the destroyed layout?
What an excellent way to let the public know about what you sell or have to offer, and they are obtainable now everywhere.
And then there's the way in which we treat animals!
Some other challenges:
I am learning to love Computer Science. Slowly.
I am not patient by nature.
Thank you for sharing this adventure with me.
Today was the Port Orchard Invitational Race. It was the fifth race of the seven race West Sound Sailing Association(WSSA) series. This race starts at the Port Orchard Yacht Club, sails north up Port Orchard to a temporary buoy and back for a distance of 16.4NM.
“Oooo..The sisters are here!” he said pointing to Olja and I, “And they are not fighting! Quickly, distribute this food to folks before an unforeseen storm comes upon us and blows us all away!”
Flesh imprisons; I’m not eternal.
THE WHITE River is back in fine fettle, and Norfork Tailwater is giving up some wade fishing. It promises to be a great weekend ahead.
Our most advanced anti-aging moisturizer that visibly firms the skin in just 2 weeks. Created for skin that is starting to lose some of its youthful tone and plumpness. This powerful day cream contains peptide technology which boosts collagen and elastin to firm the skin and reduce lines and wrinkles. Day by day, it chases away the signs of skin aging, evens skin tone and fades dark spots. Your skin will be firmer and look amazingly lifted, tightened and youthful. We've blended an energizing complex with rich, feel-good moisturizers to smooth your skin and restore natural radiance. At the same time, SPF 8 protects your skin from the aging effects of the sun.
Of course the day we came home was the best weather but that's how it goes.
Tomorrow we will post a guest post written by our regular guest blogger, published author, mental health professional and friend, Kerry Stott. (We're still looking for more guest writers for Mental Health Month - it's nearly half over!)
05. Terminal Frost
Was swallowed up
So, is cymatics once more being suggested to us? the interchangeability of sound played as a visual? I shall be the first to congratulate the decipherer of the Wilton windmill ‘disk’. It is begging to tell us its message.
4) Flight Itinerary and Letter of Invitation.
Source:Samizdat Blog
We are at the best time, the most advantageous point, right now, to cut a deal. The longer we wait, the more valid reasons management will have to give us NOTHING. The longer we wait, the more numerous replacement pilots become available should we decide to execute a strike. Our position is being progressiveley undermined as the clock ticks. Urge your representatives to direct the negotiating committee to strike the best deal they can (and it MUST include competitively priced RJs because many of us will be bounced back to those in the coming contraction) RIGHT NOW.
Yes. They do deserve it sometimes, but God has something totally different to say about it. He says to love our enemies and pray for those who do us wrong.
You may well see "A Slightly Less Epic but still rather Epic Epic Journey" in the next few weeks, as I have one paper to tackle after this one.
“We are a nation that has an expeditionary capability. We fight our wars overseas so we don’t fight them on our own shores. And Europe and our European partners are huge enablers of that expeditionary military capability.”
WHEN: SUNDAY, APRIL 22, 2012 12PM- 4PM
By 1975 the storm had passed, and Dad emerged with more focus, confidence, and faith. Regal had not only survived, but had achieved sales of $800,000. Mom and Dad, now optimistic about the future, purchased the assets of another boat manufacturer named Scat Craft and moved into that company’s facility in south Orlando. It was more than twice the size of our previous factory. It was then that Duane and Tim made a decision to stay in the family business.
Music Must Change
The Ottawa Senators' success in Madison Square Garden over the last few regular seasons meant absolutley nothing Thursday evening during the opening contest of the NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs' quarter-final round. To the Rangers, there is no previous history. There are no prior failures. For the Blueshirts of 2011-2012, there is only right now.
Cormac, I love you but I'm not you.
Since the first listen what caught my attention the most was the playing of the bassist, Kai-Pekka Kangasmäki, dropping some fierce bass riffs and lines, filling the spaces with interesting ideas and making them very noticeable, Puolikas Ihminen as a great example. Keyboard player, Emil Lähteenmäki, also done a great job with the chickens and ambiences.
finished just to give it a little extra 'umph' when carrying my
The American interventions in World War I and World War II generally demonstrate American ideals at work in foreign policy though it is important to point out that the United States had substantial commercial interests at stake before and after the war.
find me on instagram @charityvictoria! hope your weekend has been lovely. xoxo
In a nutshell, to value Asha is to value human society. In recent years, we have repeatedly witnessed the damage that a lack of honesty and trust can do to an economy, but that is only a particular instance of a general principle of human commerce, to say nothing of the internal, psychological society of the individual.
Tomorrow I am going to venture out of the house. I might even grab a cup of tea in a cafe, and possibly visit a friend. It feels a little like being let out of a caged place and I'm not quite sure whether I'll still be able to communicate!
Number Zero Gin has not only a curious name, but also a very unusual botanical; notably, quinine, the essential ingredient of tonic water. I was fascinated and eager to see how including quinine in the gin would affect the cocktails that it made.
He called to me, You are my Father
(October 20, 2005) “House prices have risen by nearly 25 percent over the past two years. Although speculative activity has increased in some areas, at a national level these price increases largely reflect strong economic fundamentals.”
Donations are also very welcome and help to keep us operating to hold Nestlé and the rest of the baby food industry to account.
So, two weeks into the New Year and I'd heard nothing. No calls to tell me my car was fixed, nor even any to ask me to pay ridiculous amounts of money to have it fixed. Nothing. So I phoned them - already expecting bad things. MY car was ready to collect and only £56 to pay. How good is that?! Wait. What did they do to the car? Well, nothing. It still needs the dashboard replacing! Cost £900!
DISPATCH
The party takes particular exception to the fact that confidential information is leaked to the media after party meetings.
Many wizards
Here’s the commercial…
- Tortilla 280 g $2.47 each (Doritos)
I’ll take more photos tomorrow of the process. I forgot about taking photos till this evening and missed recording some interesting details.
A cluster of images,
Little miss priss insists on doing everything herself. She keeps up with her big brother, best she can.
So I submit and let you destabilise my heart
Between sobs, I replied, “A little blue car with a white stripe down the side.”
Eventually the spiraling sandstone tunnel unwound into a long straight corridor. The air was extremely dry and stung her nostrils with every breath. She had caught her breath back, but now thirst became her worst enemy. Her lips were cracking in the dry air, and like her muscles, her clothes were stiff from recent exertion. The silence was overwhelming, seemed to buffet her ears with expectation, but for what, she knew not.
Lutheran Interests of the Amici Curiae
“The only other thing I can tell you is this,” added Patti while adding a hug. “Being in love with Jarrad is today. Many many girls today are in love with certain guys today. And a month or six months from now, there’s a really good chance that the ‘today’ guy will be gone and all those girls will be chasing someone else. And there’s a good chance that will happen to you too. I’m not saying that you and Jarrad won’t become something special. Sure, there’s a chance you will, but there’s a greater chance that you’ll date, you’ll really love being with each other, and you’ll eventually move on to someone else.”
Thankfully their music was good and I did like it. Well at least till the Arcadia movie and then it all seemed to be over. Sure Arcadia was a thing and The Power Station was chunky cool but Arcadia is where the Durans finished for me. No argument.
The jam is even less of a hit. Since Per suspects the greasy Elvish ‘bread’ is made from men’s bones ground to flour, he is equally suspicious of this bright red goo. In the early 16th century, sugar was still a very expensive spice, since it wasn’t yet produced in bulk. Down south, rich show-offs may have been blackening their teeth with it, but I doubt that Per, in his god-forsaken ‘debateable land’ would have seen much sugar, or even have heard of jam. I wonder if our description of lucky people as ‘jammy’ is a reflection of this rarity value?
Ralph Keyes said it best in “Courage to Write.” There is no trick to writing. One must simply be unafraid and be true to the call. There will always be judges and critics galore but writing naturally is what matters more.
4 medium red beets
All the green leaved little weddings' wives
*Farthest South Western point of England.
* telomere = a bit of spare chromosome at the end each chromosome. It doesn't code for anything useful, but each time a cell divides and the chromosomes reproduce, a bit is lost from the end of the chromosome. For most of our lives, it's a bit of useless telomere that's lost, but eventually the telomere is all gone and the useful part of the chromosome starts to be eroded. That's why old people go wrong easily - their chromosomes are getting cut off.
4. Marry someone smarter than you are. When I was getting a Ph.D., my wife Leah had a steady income. When she wanted to start a software company, I had a job with health benefits. (To clarify, having a “spouse with benefits” is different from having a “friend with benefits.”) You will do better in life if you have a second economic oar in the water. I also want to alert you to the fact that commencement is like shooting smart fish in a barrel. The Phi Beta Kappa members will have pink-and-blue ribbons on their gowns. The summa cum laude graduates have their names printed in the program. Seize the opportunity!
Squaw root, a parasitic plant that grows on oak roots. I wasn’t sure what these were and at first I thought some kids had stuck pine cones in the ground. I touched them and found they were firmly anchored.
R: Hi Sharon. How did you get involved in animal rescue?
While this scene has 2 locomotives in it, I was only able to get the 2nd locomotive. The unit is an EMD GP18, #457. The locomotive, also an EMD product, was constructed in 1962 as Missouri Pacific 457, with the Frame #7623-11 and serial #27238. At the age of 9, the unit was damaged in the a-for-mentioned Colutta, Texas wreck. However, unlike the ill-fated MP 615, that was seen earlier, this unit was not a total wright off and was rebuilt, and continued to serve the MoPac for a number of years. In the In70′s locomotive renumbering, the locomotive was given the number of 1955. She carried the number for the rest of her service lie on the MoPac. She was sent as trade in to General Electric in the early 1980′s, and was cut up for scrap by Scrap Service of Joliet, IL. This was all the info I could locate on this particular locomotive.
Sharpe's Regiment (good)
And today, we came in and saw a glimpse of another cat; did it look just a little different than the other two? How many feral cats are actually around here?
We got a bit lucky with the weather that day, we had almost perfect flying conditions for 3 hours which is not usually the case in Norway. We had some trouble get the flywheel to engage with the starter before we left Værnes, so we decided not to make a full stop in Molde as we weren't certain that we'd be able to take off again. That would have been bad I guess.
Beige vest - borrowed from my daughter; I wear it more than she does
Our prayers confess the reality of His power. When we pray, we surrender to Him and let Him work in our lives and the lives of others. It is His work, not ours…yet He gives us the priviledge of being a part of that work through prayer. It’s an amazing priviledge.
If you're shedding a tear while you're reading this, you're in good company and I think that this is the best kind of crying.
I walked into The Geej's room the other night as we were preparing to get her butt in the bathtub, and this is what awaited me:
For a winter walk round Gartnavel Hospital see
Golden City Brewery Golden City Red Ale
Oprah Winfrey tells CNN she still supports President Obama, however she will not do a large endorsement event like she did during the 2008 campaign cycle.
Nearly three quarters of the votes were cast for either +2% or +5% returns, and only 8% of participants were looking for 7% or better returns for 2011 from hedge funds. If the outcome was in the range suggested investors in hedge funds would probably be satisfied, with a couple of conditions. To give credibility to 5% returns from hedge funds, equity markets would have to be flat (or down on the year), and inflation would have to moderate between now and year end. How plausible are those conditions?
May we all pray with our feet, our minds, our hearts. May the Source of love and justice bless our efforts.
and love and a better future?
So, what will you need?
There are a number of common elements to cycling and cyclical time. The meshing of different sized wheels (either of cogs or time periods) is the most evident. However, I found that riding a bicycle has several advantages over automobiles (there are disadvantages as well, by why dwell on those?). For one, you’re up higher, and get a broader view of what lies ahead. Two, you are open to the environment of sounds, sights and alas smells (so much for avoiding disadvantages). Three, it is easier to go at your own pace.
I'm special that way.
100% cocoa powder
As a special added twist, Obama appointee Justice Elena Kagen had to recuse herself from this case since she worked on the original suit as Solicitor General prior to joining the Court.
Hope the start to your week is great my friends!
Just figured I'd do a bit of housekeeping before posting this week's sketch. This will be the last sketch of 2011. With holidays and all the busy-ness associated with them, it's just easier for everyone to take a break until the new year. Sketches will resume January 6, 2012.
I used papers by LilyBee Designs "Buttercup" and I loved the color combo of aquas and yellows, so summery and pretty! The swirls are from Marianne Designs dies and flowers are Primas, the sentiment is from PTI.
But then maybe you don’t even wish to be an ally to transgender people. Perhaps you want to correct people with experiences different from your own, to sort them out like the reparative therapists tried to sort us gay guys out. Perhaps you learned that trick from our oppressors. It’s time to learn some new tricks. Start by listening deeply, then listen some more.
In the High Street, outside L. Guess Jewellers shop, is a second town clock. Or, rather, it is now dedicated to the town, though I imagine it was once a typical jeweller’s clock, advertising that clocks and watches could also be bought and repaired on the premises. A plaque tells us that the clock was donated to the town in 1995 by L. Guess Jewellers and Littlehampton Town Council, which probably means that the Council funded its refurbishment. Still, if the keeps the clock running and in good order, I approve.
“Wyatt Kent. I have an appointment with Calliope Andrews.”
Generally, it is a lot more fun to hike on a trail, than on a road. The trail we were on was especially beautiful – towering redwoods, some small creeks, some flowers, even the wildlife. For example we ran into this fellow:
Yaaawwwwnnn. Wake me up when it’s over. Granted any episode that has Louis Canning (Michael J. Fox) and Patti Nyhom (Martha Plimpton) joining forces to being our favorite firm to its knees has some 24-carat tension.
On the go
The sad thing is, on my Velib ride home, I realized I haven’t been this excited about new flavors in Paris for a long time. I haven’t tried anywhere new in so long. I haven’t been eating out enough. Alors, September’s agenda: dine, baby, dine!
I could purge it.
Speaking of Best Buy…
SS: What about dialogue? What would you say are the 2 or 3 things you focus on most when writing dialogue? What’s most important in getting it right?
‘Une chaussure,’ I shouted. There was a mass scramble of pupils under the tables – at least two banged heads as they bent over, one to the left and one to the right – to pull off their shoes. Chairs were knocked back and the stampede started.
Fishbone Ma and pa US
I tried this unusual combo for sambhar since there were some leftover snakegourd pieces and eggplants..For my surprise this combination tastes marvellous when served with hot steaming rice topped with ghee and with fried papads, we had a fabulous lunch today..This sambhar was absolutely comforting,goes awesome even along with rotis,idlies or with dosas..Sending this delicious sambhar to Healing Foods-Eggplant guest hosted by Kavita, event by Siri..
it’s now out in the open for everyone to see:
441221 Motorcycle dealers
What is it about men that propel them toward sex even when the context of the situation isn’t sexual?
Dear Srila Prabhupada, please accept my most respectful, humble obeisances. All glories to Your Divine Grace!
Now as I have said, it is a stunning home with spectacular views but was furnished in a fairly bland way originally as it was not a permanent residence. A lot of the furniture from their city home wasn't the right vibe for this very modern home but some of the pieces have melded quite well.
Abercrombie, who had recently been diagnosed with lymphoma, was a veteran British stage and screen actor who began his career as a dancer. He appeared in the film “Army of Darkness” and on such TV shows as “Wizards of Waverly Place” and “Birds of Prey,” in which he played Alfred Pennyworth. Abercrombie was also the voice of Chancellor Palpatine in the animated TV series “Star Wars: The Clone Wars.”
These chairs have been rescued once before. I’m guessing whoever painted them this darling turquoise blue found them with the bottoms split apart. They glued and screwed them together to give them second life.
Ernesto received the winery from his mother, and it was his desire to create a winery dedicated to beauty. While traveling in Mexico and Guatemala, Ernesto, who has some Mexican ancestry, was taken up with the architecture of the ancient Mayans and he decided to construct a winery to showcase a Mayan style, which his father would later adopt for his own winery. This is a cool look, giving the winery a connection to the past as well as contributing to an appealing aesthetic. Above, you can see a Mayan ball court area, located next to the winery, where bocce ball is now played. It is always one of the favorite areas for the llamas that run loose on the property. There is a polo field elsewhere on the property, and Ernesto is an avid player.
The leaves are Tim Holtz's & the snowman is also a Stampendous. I wonder if I can con Cameron into giving me a pic of the lantern one? It was on this heat-embossed glittery blue/violet damask paper from Bo Bunny.
- pre-heat the oven to 160C
Mass Effect 3 uses a cover system and has a new dodging mechanic. You can automatically go into cover by running into it but if you are standing near the cover and dodge buttons are the same so you may accidentally roll. Shepard can sprint indefinitely and has a new heavy melee attack. Bioware is moving away from the typical long corridors. While they still exist there’s more variety. The environment can change in scripted moments creating more dynamic scenes and moments of battle. Even in urban or facility areas you can find yourself traveling in places you just never were in the first two games. This sounds small but you can now climb ladders. This can changes how the levels can be designed and changes how encounters feel and how they’re approched.
Well, crying isn't gonna bring him back, unless your tears smell like dog food.
“Yet he did so nonetheless. And indeed he fell victim to exactly the measures he was highlighting,” Zimbabwean-born writer Mr Godwin added.
The colors, our genuine expressions...
Gregory: thanks for coming Newt
I'm already exhausted reading my list.....but I am super excited about knocking out some projects around the house!
See what Barton is doing here by his lies that this nation is Christian, that the founding fathers were consecrated men of God? He is telling God and the world that if you prosper it is a sign of God’s favor. Any nation that does not have a great military and modern technology is not favored by God is Barton and Dobson’s thinking. The gist of their message is that God wants those nations destroyed not saved by the blood of his Son.
Joe (Tom Hanks) is just a number at work, punching a clock and doing nothing but absorbing fluorescent lights, making him more pale than musician Jack White. When he goes to see a doctor about a pain, his diagnosis is two fold: 1. He’s got a “brain cloud.” 2. He’s going to die. And, since he’s going to die, he may as well do something positive and throw himself into a volcano as a sacrifice. Again the benefit is two fold: 1. He allows an innocent and non-terminal patient to live, and 2. It’ll cure him of his mullet.
In lovers’ eyes, those convex mirrors—
- Brown cardstock for cupcake bottoms (I pre-cut)
Available guilds:
Sorrow 9'43
Don’t call it an affair.
That you choose sometimes
The Emperor of All Maladies, Siddhartha Mukherjee (Fourth Estate)
Your hair is now down to your back and is super thick. We can even put it in a short little ponytail. Oh, it makes me so excited!
Eleventh Hour
Maybe some day we can get into why I think this sort of job can be such a debilitating part of one’s life, but for now I’ll just let you know that it bothers me. If you work one of these jobs, or wish to work one of these jobs I do not want you to feel any judgment. Some people work well in this kind of environment, and sometimes it is a necessity-regardless. And anyway, I can only speak to my own feelings and experiences. And I don’t want the focus to be on the wrong issues: is the suburban cubicle healthy or unhealthy? is it better to work in a suburban cubicle or an urban one? which level of white noise being pumped through tiny speakers overhead is the best-level three or level six? etc…
I see now what happens to me when I leave no time for art. Bad things. Sleeping problems, extra pain in the body, and Extreme Moodiness (just ask my mother). It's not good. I used to go to see Shrinky once a week and felt no guilt whatsoever about leaving work early to go to my appointment. It was like a blood transfusion, so I knew I needed it to be healthy. I will now start thinking of my creative time as an Art Transfusion. Interesting. That phrase gives me an idea for a painting. See? It's already working.
Turkey officially celebrated Grand National Assembly Day on April 23 and held a children’s week starting on that day, from 1923 to 1934. The Turkish government then combined the two events into National Sovereignty and Children’s Day, known as Ulusal Egemenlik ve Çocuk Bayramı, in 1935.
Long story short, I broke up with my boyfriend. It was harder than I thought it would be, but the relationship simply couldn’t continue. I’m trying very hard not to dwell on it, so I’m not going to make this post all about him. After all, that’s probably what he would want, right? Don’t give the enemy attention? Yeah, something like that…
(what I found under my bed when we repainted our room...Fifi's stash)
I took the stack of hundreds from him and counted them. There were 10 one hundred rupee notes.
He shifted slightly and his aura changed. The Leader’s face took on a forbidding expression and the rainbow covering in which he had garbed himself gave out deep grey and purple hues. If I had been human, I thought fleetingly, I think I would have been what they called Afraid.
Malian newspapers are back on newsstands and online for the first time since the coup began last Wednesday. Some papers have come out in favor of the coup, (e.g. Inter de Bamako, Mali Demain) while others are critical (e.g. L’Indépendent, L’Indicateur Renouveau, Le Canard déchainé). The state newspaper L’Essor, meanwhile, has run an article describing the events of the coup without editorializing about them.
Katherine has been doing great and made it over 6 lbs by her 2 week appointment! C has been having some adjustment issues but, we're working on it.
#getyourpraiseon (Stealing that hashtag for this post… It deserves it)
Chances are most of you who read my ramblings are twitter follows mainly because it’s the only place I post them.
They became what they are because that is what society deliberately taught them to be. The levels of welfare dependency we see today is a direct result of the class warfare of the 50's, 60's and 1970's, where the demands that the rich be taxed to support the poor were never accompanied by demands for effort and responsibility on the part of the poor. As we see today, under political correctness, and its communist predecessor, the chosen victim groups are never expected to accept responsibility for their own situation. The difference is that in 2009, the white working class are no longer the chosen victims, they have ceased to be of interest to the social engineers who seek to change our society.
SkyWest is the holding company for two scheduled passenger airline operations and an aircraft leasing company and is headquartered in St. George, Utah. SkyWest’s scheduled passenger airline operations consist of SkyWest Airlines also based in St. George, Utah and ExpressJet Airlines based in Atlanta, Georgia. SkyWest Airlines operates as United Express and Delta Connection carriers under contractual agreements with United Airlines, Inc. and Delta Air Lines, Inc. SkyWest Airlines also operates as US Airways Express under a contractual agreement with US Airways, Inc., and operates flights for Alaska Airlines under a contractual agreement. ExpressJet Airlines operates as United Express and Delta Connection carriers under contractual agreements with United and Delta. System-wide, SkyWest serves markets in the United States, Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean with approximately 3,900 daily departures and a fleet of approximately 727 regional aircraft.
Now I know that is a long stretch... but.... ....
I have an older girlfriend who is consistently taking a dominating position, not only in her life but in our relationship. My understanding of the social forms in which we both are taking is limited. Male to Female only works if there is not a husband already. That is to say the female is mostly willing to submit to her husband.
You will carry water for no reason.
A recent case which made the news here involved a 20-something-year-old young woman who was pressured by her family into marrying an old man in his 80s who already had three wives. The old man had offered to pay a dowry of 50,000 Saudi Riyals (about $13,000 US) to help out her financially strapped family, plus he promised to provide her with her own home – a promise he failed to keep. She had even withdrawn from her educational pursuits at a university in order to get married. So even though the octogenarian lied to his young wife by making empty promises, she cannot get a divorce from him until she repays the dowry, which her family has already spent. In the meantime, the young woman is miserable being married to a dirty old man and has no legal recourse.
community service
I don’t really buy that House would be willing to leave the boy un-cured just because he doesn’t want religion to get the credit. Like Adams said, since when does House care about getting credit? Interesting though that the episode left the levitating incident unexplained. House must have been so distracted with Dominika; usually I would have expected him to try and figure out how the patient managed to levitate. Serves him right that Dominika left, what he did was abominable, like Wilson said, basically keeping her a prisoner.
coming up empty
p.s. I can't tell what pants she's wearing, but this isn't the first time I've seen her wearing J. Crew. I spotted Aisha wearing the J. Crew Heart Sweater a few months ago.
I was quite proud of myself for not wearing a single neutral today! I wore the same green shirt as Monday, and then once I thought of wearing the scarf as a belt, the blue shoes fell into place.
It's a car commercial. (Shut up, alot of serious actors do commercials this days of financial crisis)
I hand drew the banner behind it, and then inked it using my copics. I layered some Coffee Break stencils for texture using my copic ABS. I used the large xoxo stencil and the large hearts. I also added in some sequin waste dots for a little more oomph.
What happened to priorities? What happened to people understanding what is really important in life?
Dear David E.Kelly:
i know that the majority of you who read are women, and i'm guessing several of you are moms. so i'm curious how you got through this part of being a new, first-time mama. i'm guessing i'm not alone.
This is my public announcement that I will no longer be chicken! I have broken ground and began building my story. This post also serves as a challenge. To all of you who have started and stopped, never began, or dreamed of writing a book: I challenge you to start. Not tomorrow, next week, or next year; TODAY!
Combine the flour, salt, baking powder, and sugar in a mixing bowl, and stir with a fork to blend. Slowly add 1 cup of the cream, stirring. Gather the dough together gently: when it holds together and feels tender, it’s ready to knead. If it feels shaggy and pieces are dry, slowly add enough cream to make the dough hold together.
In many countries a person who carries the title of notary, (notario in Spanish, or notaire in French), is authorized to provide legal services similar to those performed by a transactional lawyer in the United States. These notaries undergo extensive education and training in their field to earn the coveted title of notary in their country.
Last here is a photo I took of some handmade pink chandelier wrapping paper I made for one of Bea's Christmas gifts this year. Its so hard to top her ......but she'll have to wait to see what's inside.
However sometimes exactly what sounds like an reason is actually reason behind non-performance that doesn’t have almost anything to do with willingness to work. To find out you have to dig deeper.
We had to be out of our house in Akron. That week there was a lot of rain which delayed things on the other end. Not only did our new house need to be moved, the hope was to get the house moved and up so the electric company would finish the lines and connect us. The rain made the house site too muddy to work with on the scheduled day. It did finally dry out enough to get the house there, but not at all on the original time line.
Less crime, better pay. Less crime, we better pray.
And how did Mom support him?
10 - The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
It is not my original thought, but what on earth is the logic in ‘nigger’ being an unsspeakable word for so-called ‘white’ people to say when it is an often perfectly unobjectionable word for ‘blacks’ to say? This bizarre piece of double-think seems to me to be in itself an example of racial prejudice.
Like many little girls, she started ballet classes at age four, sang constantly, and was, by age nine, something of a prodigy, expected to become an opera singer. Her heroine was Astrid Lindgren's "Pippi Longstocking", a little girl who seizes all opportunities without a care for the consequences, and lives life to the full.
5. Mouse stitchery- no progress
Hence the whimsical notion of “Red Tories” – you know, those not-so-bad Tories with a predilection for state intervention, unlike today’s “neo-cons.”
Francis who died when he was four and Sarah.
I lightly rubbed the birds with Distress Inks.
Query Letter Minimum Requirements:
I’m crazy and she knows, still it’s all good i suppose
They have been such an encouragement to me while
EVIL OMEN
The second consideration needed here is the work of Whorf (1966) on linguistic relativity. Whorf shows that the way we differentiate our world is more arbitrary than had been supposed. Different environmental pressures will result in a cultural heritage of differentiations between objects and between events that is adaptive for the particular group of people concerned. These differentiations will be reflected in the language of that tribe or culture. The colour spectrum is a popular example of this process. We break up what is essentially a continuum into categories of red, blue, green and yellow, etc. Some primitive tribes have only one word for what we call blue and green. They just do not attend to differences between these wavelengths. It has never been adaptively important for them to do so.
7. Sleeping sometimes feels like a chore. It's one of those things I feel like I have to do, rather than something I want to do.
Buying printer ink cartridges is easy, however it’s getting the precise cartridge you want that can be tricky. When you use a Brother printer, ink cartridges usually are not too troublesome to acquire using that sizeable national brand. Brother ink cartridges are among the many most readily obtainable to buyers on the web. Having mentioned that, in case your printer needs an older or retired product of Brother ink cartridges, you can still hunt for them and get them.
- She is about 34 lbs which is in the 95th percentile. I can't remember what her height was but I know it was in the 75th percentile. The doctor told me I am supposed to really crack down on her diet because her BMI is a little too high and we have a family history of diabetes. I almost cried right there in the doctor's office. She is really active and I was always so happy that she was such a good eater. I was shocked to have the doctor tell me that, because up until now her doctors always acted like if was a good thing that she was packing on the pounds. So we are trying to be really careful about not having too many snacks during the day.
26. John Upton, London Review of Books, p.9.
All these complexities are given savage life in this production. There are aspects that remained (at least on opening night) unresolved; there were moments when the action was unclear, and when its physicalisation - notably the violence - was awkward, although these are minor points. Perhaps the biggest problem lies in how the production addresses the knotty gender question.
Mr Adeleye – 07085055001 or 07051455404
He asks me and i quote, “Whats the issue babe? Youknow you look absolutely amazing! Why dont you wear that black dress? You would look smashing”
I push the stick further out into the water. I think I've touched a key? I reach further out. I've hooked the branch onto something! I think I've got it!
Hope you all have a great week and Happy Valentine's Day! If you love someone tell them, look them in the eye, give them lots of kisses and hugs. You never know how long you have with each other.
“The results of this experiment indicate that long-term consumption of aspartame leads to an imbalance in the antioxidant/pro-oxidant status in the brain, mainly through the mechanism involving the glutathione-dependent system.”
My head feels clearer. My body feels like it’s working better. I’m starting to feel emotions instead of just blank. I’m noticing little things, like the warmth of my breast cancer research foundation mug as my hands curl around it as I sip tea. I’m noticing how the light falls on trees when I wander through the park. I’m hearing more than just the din in my head; children laughing, mothers talking, ambulance sirens – the tone difference between Mobile Intensive Care & a regular ambulance.
‘From the end of the 2nd century emphasis was placed on the example of soldier martyrs, that is, those who were recruited by force but who absolutely refused to serve and were put to death as a result. This happened in time of war. It is recorded that some soldiers who were chosen to execute their comrades suddenly decided on conversion and threw down their swords.’
Date: 05/11/35
I know a little man
You'll recall that ATOMICS FOR THE MILLIONS started with a picture of a road. It ends with one as well. And, of the dozens and dozens of varied illustrations Sendak contributed to the book, I think that last picture is my favorite:
Left word for Stas Rodosz at the Polish Center at Elms College inviting him to come and see what I have.
This year has pretty much been a whirlwind of change. Not exactly the year as in January to December, but the year in relative terms aka the last 365 days.
Not flu, can't be, I've been jabbed by a pointy needle against that.
Anyhoo, I’m finally getting the last of the knobs installed. I’ve been meaning to show you this process forever, so here we go!
I am honored to share our design team samples with you. You can click on the links to see more of their beautiful work.
and it inspired me to write this post that I’d like to title “Dear End of 2010 Me” .
the suncream comes out so that we can pretend that we are on holiday. sandals, sunglasses, teeny hemlines (take your pick..shorts or skirt.) are all standard because we all know that this could be the last day of sun we see..until next year. and everyone is happy and remarking on the weather even more than usual, which, yes is saying something.
I have to say Ashley is a bit of a nut and she was in true form at her birthday party. I really wanted a picture of her in her Chuck E birthday crown but she would NOT let me take it. She would turn her head and bury her face in the seat and run away, all to avoid having her picture taken. She even covered her face with it once, but then in just the right moment, I got THIS picture!
That was the verse that came screaming out at me. It’s not that there isn’t an answer to my question, or that the answer is in some way disappointing. Nor is it that God is being dishonest or doesn’t know the outcome. Quite the contrary – the answer to my questions of “Why?” and “What are the outcomes?” do exist and will be revealed at the designated time. God is never early and never late. This verse was such a clear message to me to stop struggling with the answer to “Why” and instead trust Him and His perfect timing and perfect will. Instead of looking at God and shrugging my shoulders as if to say “What was that all about?” I should thank Him for allowing me to be part of something bigger than myself and trust that in His plan, something good did and will continue to come out of Levi’s battle. Whether I ever see it or fully understand it is of no significance.
I think my favorite class was Carrie Cudney's "Why Women Buy." It was a really cool exploration of how marketing messages are tuned to men or to women successfully. She pulled a ton of information from this book, which I will be buying today:
So I have a crazy goal--maybe I told you?-- to make 100 cards this month. My scrap room is seriously overflowing with paper, embellies and more. It's time to put them to use! So here's a couple more that I made this week:
We agreed that I must drive back home. I put on my hazard lights and crept along the main road back home, and felt victorious when I pulled back into my driveway.
I made a Christmas Card! Can't start soon enough right???!! I used a digital stamp, my first ever, and colored it using simple pencils and some markers. I added some ribbon, bling, rub on sentiment and voila!
(Fred and Wilma Talking)
BLACKOUT is the conclusion to the epic trilogy that began in the Hugo-nominated FEED and the sequel, DEADLINE.
pepper and salt
I thought long and hard about the best way to honor my craft in photography. Perhaps a dignified still life with balls of wool sitting in for the fruit. An photo of myself eating shrimp fried rice with knitting needles for chopsticks. The photo of my grandpa laughing and holding up my first dishcloth, which I gave him for Christmas in 1989 (it was full of holes).
"You may change your coat for a blue one," said the parrot, "but if you change you'll have to give up something."
Notes: This dish lends itself well to changes and substitutions. Substitute Gruyere cheese for the cheddar, addtion of thyme, a combination of any summer squash, addition of roasted red pepper would all be nice in this dish.
Book choice three: Selected Poems of Anne Sexton (edited with intro from Diane Wood Middlebrook and Diana Hume George)
Stores are closing because a lot less people are scrapbooking. It's that simple.
- A national Catalog of Foreigners tracks foreign tourists and immigrants (Article 87), and assigns each individual with a unique tracking number (Article 91).
“Fine! Fine!” proclaimed Arik.
The way your sentences flow is the difference between fluid or clunky writing. Consider this: Ronnie Fox hates answering the request line. All he hears from are drunks and late night security guards. They all want something: free tickets or a few hundred bucks in cold, hard cash.
We are now ready to share this film with you. Even if you do not live in Olympia, COMMUNE is a lens through which you can look at your own terrible community and what lies just outside of it. You think you’re alone, but there are people all around who share your angers and desires. If you don’t know that it’s because you haven’t yet spoken to them. Go find them.
7 Ibid.
With the BK CROWNTM/MC Program, Burger King Corporation invites kids to tell BURGER KING® what matters to them most. BKC has established a fund to help support the Wildlife Conservation Society, National Parks Conservation Association, DonorsChoose.org and Have It Your Way™ Foundation. By visiting BKCrown.com, kids learn how BKC’s charitable partners make a difference. Upon entering BK CROWNTM/MC Codes and clicking on their favorite cause, each kid’s vote helps BK® choose which charity to give back to.
State police also acted in the professional manner of a bygone era. Dick Walley, of the state California Department of Justice’s Intelligence Analysis Unit (IAU), requested and got permission to “establish a central repository for all information pertaining to homicides with the following modus operandi: hackings, unprovoked street attacks, hitchhike kidnappings; all unexplained homicides of a similar nature, and all black-perpetrator/white-victim homicides.”
- L-e-a-p, j-u-m-p, lift, flex… :)
The case is handy to take with me to the store and the inner pocket keeps my lists, receipts and coupons handy. It's really helped me keep measurements, color swatches, etc...organized while I've been working on my studio makeover. Tomorrow I've got a trip to IKEA planned! Hopefully soon I'll have some photos or my room to share with you.
Movie 1 - Gangs of NY: 2 competing fire engine companies stop by a burning house, and at first they argue on who should put out the fire, then they start to fight it out.
What you get: 13 rocking exercises that are guaranteed to get you totally ripped!, Fitness Guide, Nutrition Guide, & 90 day program calendar.
Turner's trial is scheduled to begin Dec. 1 in New York.
Guarau: "I only see my wife once every three months when I scrape up enough of my wages to go back to India."
Borgia passes the test and is proven to be, in fact, a man, which means he can be formally named pope. White smoke issues from the Vatican, and the crowd outside cheers. Borgia, now known as Pope Alexander, so we’ll go with that, is dressed in papal vestments of white embroidered with gold before being presented to the waiting crowd packed into the square. He gives the papal wave and blesses them.
When it returned to enter Heaven the second time, God asked the Soul if it was more fun this time.
“Just wait until we get home.”
Here you can see the stretched speghetti
Every year at this time of year I wonder why I blog. What a silly thing to do, and why would anyone care what I have to say? But I have made some fantastic new friends with similar interests over the past few years, all because of this tiny little corner of the internet....and I LOVE that! I have found that I love having a place to share my passion for food, living healthy (and making cake), being a mom, exploring outside, and just my general enjoyment of the small things in life. I want to spend my hours living my life and doing things with with my family, not working on trendy new blog worthy content.
I’m pretty sure the fact that there is no error checking (seems like there’s none at all!) makes Solr that much faster too — prolly why they did it. Hopefully why they did it.
Am have never cared much about the world affairs, politics or current affairs but when the world Trade Center came crushing, it did effect me. That was when I lost my trust for humanity. How can a human being do that to another human being?
Take 4 ripe bananas and slice them in a casserole dish. Add 1 cup of dark brown sugar, 3 tbsp cinnamon and half a stick of butter, cut into pieces. Toss it all together before putting the dish in the oven, and roasting at 350 degrees F for about 20 minutes, or until it looks like these:
See, they have this little button that you can add to your bookmark toolbar (at least, you can with Firefox) that’s called a “Press This” button. Well, I stuck it up there about a month ago when I discovered it, but I’ve never messed with it. Until today. And today, I hit it instead of the “Pin This” button that I’d intended to use to “Pin” that page up there to one of my Pinterest Boards. So instead of canceling the action, I just decided to blog it.
I want to thank you all for your support on this journey. You have read, commented, and cheered me on. I am so grateful for your friendship.
de Blasio has been raising his profile in the borough this year. He made the work of architect Robert Scarano an issue in the context of the 360 Smith Street development, calling on the state to strip Mr. Scarano of his certification and has organized "town hall" meetings in Carroll Gardens. He has also sponsored an electronics recycling measure that would be a model nationally. Mr. de Blasio has held a series of meetings with Brooklyn bloggers and online journalists to discuss his position on issues.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
I’m on my way to a dental conference where I am giving a lecture with The Doctor…. It’s exciting stuff… Really! I love this stuff! … I’ve been presenting at this meeting for the past 3 or 4 years…. Always familiar faces and people eager for new knowledge… Makes it super fun!
The blasting wind cuts us. The dust raised creates darkness. Blood rains from the clouds making everything look like a disaster-area.
Milly - aka Miss Chatterbox. Seriously my ears sometimes bleed because she talks SOOOOOO much. She's a darling though. She is a social butterfly and likes to "go out" and see people and play with friends. She doesn't like Wednesday, which is my one and only at home day and looks forward to when her brother and sister come home from school. She is growing up fast too, it only feels like yesterday she was a tiny little bubba.
But why stop there? Wouldn’t it be super awesome if everything was up for debate, and you could just go with what your gut tells you?
"South Africa has never liked to see itself in any way as run-of-the-mill country, instead preferred to cast itself as aloof from the corruption, strife and misrule so often associated with the continent to its north.
At the arena, I thought about Bifocals and the tomato can who's currently wearing those belts. He couldn't see a teddy bear coming. Even if I was punchdrunk, the bum's eye would look like a plum inside 30 seconds flat. It was time to focus.
again, i don't know.
There has been much hype about Jamaica taking over as the world's sprint power since they won the Men's 100, 200 and 4x1 and the Women's 100 and 200 in Beijing. So much so that USATF CEO Doug Logan has had talks with Jamaica's federation about having a dual meet between the US and Jamaica. But if today's Penn Relays was any indication, talk of the demise of US sprint supremacy may be just a bit premature as US squads dominated the "US vs The World" section of the Penn Relays and sent word that Beijing was merely that occasional hiccup that occurs occasionally on the world stage.
Touching new heights
which can be picked from their store.
I have no doubt that Mr Blair is a genuinely compassionate man (something I would say of few Leftist leaders, though it is true of many Leftist followers) but, in good Leftist fashion, he is in love with the community rather than with the individual and that endears him to his party. From the rest of his speech we also note that, also in good Leftist fashion, he sees government as the best way to accomplish his goals, though he also acknowledges the limitations of government -- a rare thing on the Left and something again that marks him out as unusually conservative for a leader of his party.
Or being hated, don't give way to hating,
If notwithstanding you necessary to create an medium, there are class books that you can scan as meaning. They present dedicate you tips on how to commence your album. They module smooth hit designs that you can ensue and united into the medium that you are doing. These kinds of crafts books are available in bookstores as rise asin astuteness stores where you can buy your supplies. To excrete it easier for you, you can actually buy the production in the shrewdness stores. That way, you can tangency to the materials that you deprivation and then buy them change to buy the set of materials. You faculty somebody rescued not only your experience but also gas money.
The United States Naval Special Warfare Development Group (NSWDG), also known as DEVGRU for short, or more commonly known by it's former name, SEAL Team Six.
Hubby: Cause you tried to kill me earlier.
I hope, of course, I will be able to find a new life. Or do I mean a new focus? Because, of course, this is my life and always has been. It was my life before I met him, it was my life while we were together, and it is still my life, as alien as it feels. And as much as I hate that he is dead, as much as I fight the idea that I am still alive, the truth is that he is, and that I am.
Women's hatred, in fact, the same love, just changed direction.
Nab Cottage, on the shores of Rydal Water, once belonged to the poets Thomas de Quincey and Hartley Coleridge, again both friends of Wordsworth. It is now a guest house.
I selfishly grieved that the future is un-known. I admit that, he has arrested and captivated our hearts. We survive this coaster, by Christ alone.
“You’re a fuckin’ slag Tracy. I should slap you one right now”.
-3 English Cukes peeled 9-10 inches = 120 cals. slice nice +thin
etc etc?
I started my project with high hopes. I found out that gluing the pages together was the only easy part.
but here I am,
It’s a stunning example of how powerful our brains are that we can even understand each other.
So, I've just "shortened" the recipe down a little bit here, but hers is perfect and divine. Looking at her blog makes me want to try everything! One day, when I become more than a pretender, I'm going to make this again with her homemade applesauce. Yum!
So Shirley reads from the book to little GhostBobby (let's call him), and the first tale is called "Food For ?", which lacks the power of a title like "Flowers For Algernon" or "Toys For Tots", even. This is the story of a huge honking rural redneck family of poor white trash mountain hicks who, every night for their honkie redneck dinner, sit down to about 4 sandwiches or so, to go between 8 or 10 of them...oh heck, it doesn't matter; it's obvious these idiots can't count to begin with. So those who get to the table first and grab up a sammich at the sound of Pa Kettle's little porcelain bell get to eat, while the rest of Mountain Family Welfare...just sits there and goes hungry, I guess.
learned
Friend: "Too late."
Patagonia Jacket Women Sale on Black Friday 2011 An exceedingly feminine, urban ultralight down coat inspired by one of our most technical alpine garments., Brand PatagoniaWestern Tooled HardwareDexFlex Sole1 1/4″ HeelFull Grain Leather UpperCushioned Footbed
Baraka is the Arabic word for blessing (of course, it’s so much more, but you know…semantics). I feel blessed to speak darija (Moroccan dialect of Arabic) because that means that I can participate in the daily Moroccan baraka exchange.
Gary Plummer played professionally for 15 seasons, starting with the Oakland Invaders of the USFL from 1983-85. He played with the Chargers from 1986-93 and the 49ers from 1994-97. Plummer estimated he endured 1,000 concussions over his career, which he acknowledges is a startling number.
Doris Faber, The Perfect Life The Shakers in America, (New York: Farrar, Strauss and Giroux, 1974), 90
Selected excerpts from the poem, with apologies to the author, Phoebe Cary (But for gosh sakes...the kid's name was Peter!) with special attention to the parts that made me bite my lip to keep from laughing out loud:
By Neal Wallace
Further, the gauge of the tracks is completely different. The train of Moses couldn’t run on this track even if it tried! The train of Christ, on the one hand, does bear a similarity to the train of Moses, and it incorporates many of its features.
"Yes, you!" Charles pointed, still unbelieving.
So confession time, when I first got my review list for this year's releases and saw that I would be reviewing 101 Cozy Casseroles I was a bit scared...not because I don't love casseroles, I do...not because casseroles are time-consuming or hard to make, they are not. My reasoning, because they tend to be laden with ingredients like potatoes, noodles, pastas, rices, etc...all foods a person who eats low carb tends to avoid. My first inclination was to excuse myself from this review -- then I had 2 thoughts.....I am always making higher carb dishes for company, potlucks and the kids AND I am always telling folks that I have no problems finding acceptable things to eat in ALL situations. This review will be a test of that :)
Planning a mini-kitchen project for my glass cupboards and area above the cupboards. I basically put 'stuff' up there after moving in, that I wasn't sure what else to do with. I've never been happy with how it's looked.
Friday didn’t prove to be much different. As I headed north to work, she headed south to the Financial District. She quickly picked up on the subways even though not a single station in town could provide an adequate map. I had to print her a PDF from work that was barely readable, also thanks to the MTA. But she made it, nevertheless, only to divulge in another 500 mile hike at the tip of the city. Places she saw: Trinity Church, New York Stock Exchange, South Street SeaPort, Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, Battery Park, and, from what felt like a mile away, One World Trade. I would very much like to know how far she really walked as she zigzagged downtown. I still don’t believe it and do not recommend this to anybody who travels to the city. I met her at home as we rested until dinner at my second favorite restaurant in town – Boqueria. Yummy Spanish Tapas and great sangria, I could not have asked for a better meal on a Friday night. (Tapas are small plates and are a very popular trend in New York City, everyone orders a few small plates and share!) I would say their dates wrapped in bacon plate is one of the best I have ever had. Oh, how I crave their atmosphere! We did have to call it another early night based on sheer exhaustion.
So, you can imagine that this article caught my eye,and I scoured it and dreamed of a cute, sassy family photo hanging in my living room.
I hauled our SLR camera out last night, blew the dust off the case and turned it on for the first time in ages. I started looked through the photos we have taken over the past few months. There is just something about a the photos, even though they are by know means professional, that I like. The clarity, the light?, the sharpness. Dont get my wrong, iPhone cameras are the bomb-diggi, but there is just something about the SLR. I have decided to do a course. I haven't actually found one yet, I will. I would like to know how to use this thing to its full potential. I would like to buy better lenses and really get into it. Still have the extra bag problem though... maybe if I got one of these... it would inspire me to take it out!
This is just a quick little update to let you know about it. As I progress I will end up actually telling you more about my thought process as I’m going through everything.
“You need some iron to live in the big city,” said Hermel.
I'm going out of town for a little while, so of course Ska Brewing Co. has decided to hold a beer dinner. This was after I harangued President Thibodeau to hold a beer dinner in Durango after seeing they had held similar events in Denver and Texas.
I hate doing two long posts so close to each other, but this is just too good. Remember the lovely excuse-filled facebook message I got from PO? Well, I never had time to think up a well planned passive agressive response to it. I thought I would, but ever since then things have just gained momentum and this whole week has been a trainwreck and a half. I've worked nonstop, gotten little sleep, and fallen way behind. Needless to say, I was NOT in a happy place when I got a text from PO in the middle of a 14 hour catering event I was working after spending an uncomfortable night in the ER. SO not in a happy place at all.
Gonzalez 1B
Rep. Rick Olson, R-Saline, said the Michigan Public School Employees Retirement System (MPSERS) is a $45-billion “unfunded liability” that is “just crying out for a cure.”
These will keep for years, and are apparently very good with cheese. I have tried them but was not overly struck on the flavour, but I do know someone who really likes them so that's their presents sorted for the next few Christmases.
Here’s the thing though…
Time will tell, if time you take
"Ah-ha! Look at that! Broken crayons melted into heart shapes for Valentines! BEAT YOU, Pinterest, we did that LAST YEAR!"
And a little sleep deprived.
So close, no matter how far
12:36 - Start to call Amy, realize I haven't looked up our movie time yet, log onto computer to look up movie times
There has always been timber in my parents house. Solid timber dining tables, coffee tables, australian timber bookshelves, hardwood timber floors, custom designed tv cabinetry, and a 4.5tonne timber sideboard (ok, maybe not THAT heavy).
falling temperatures,
For the first time since negotiations began, he declined to offer assurances, when asked, that default would be avoided. Moments later, however, he said he was confident of that outcome.
S: i would like to try spaghetti
Remember my recent OPI haul? I picked up one of OPI’s highly raved shades You Don’t Know Jacques, in the Suede formula. I find the Suede formula from OPI quite interesting, not quite glossy, not quite matte, somewhere in between I guess..
I hope this insight is helpful for all of you bakers, stylists, and planners!
To aid you in handicapping your office Oscar pool, here’s my rundown of this year’s nominated animated shorts. Sadly, I don’t think I’ve made a final call on who will be the ultimate winner, though Pixar has yet again risen above the bulk of the pack. Presto (2008, USA) is cute and legitimately funny, but if the Academy voters want some real substance, my guess is that they’ll go with the Japanese nominee, La Maison en petits cubes (2008). No, I don’t know why the title’s in French, either. However, despite the fact that Maison is not my favorite animation style (I’ve never been a fan of shaky lines, hence my intense dislike of Dr. Katz), the story is both complex and touching without being treacly. It interweaves themes of memory, loss, and environmentalism, all with a light comic touch. Between the two, I would personally pick Maison, but it may well be an all-Pixar night, as WALL-E will certainly take home the animated feature prize.
Recently, legislation has been introduced to eliminate the double taxation for interstate telecommuters/teleworkers. The Telecommuter Tax Fairness Act was created to prohibit states from taxing nonresidents on the income they earn at home. In short, you should pay taxes on where you are physically present. The bill (S1811) is currently a standalone bill in the hands of the Senate Finance Committee. It was also a submitted amendment (1573) to the Senate transportation bill but not included in the package sent to the House of Representatives last week. For telecommuters, teleworkers, and anyone interested in seeing the expansion of a more distributed workforce, you can do the following: write to Representative Jim Himes (D-CT), who sponsored the bill in the last session of Congress, the House leadership, and your local congressmen and ask to either change the current transportation bill to include the Telecommuter Tax Fairness Act or to pass S1811, the standalone version of the Telecommuter Tax Fairness Act, this session. Additionally, you can get involved by signing the online petition located on the Telework Coalition’s website.
Ps: this meal is another college budget friendly dish. Though the ingredient list may seem daunting, if you already have the spices, the rest is a breeze. Can’t get much cheaper that chicken, rice, and pork.
scarves for sale. scarves for sale.
Dolphins sometimes imitate the behavior of a human by using its tail as an analogy for a leg. Stating that the dolphins are not special and are just big fish is ignorant and incorrect. As Ric O’Barry once stated; “Dolphins have a brain larger than the human brain. They are not like fish, chickens, cows, pigs or other domesticated animals”. Dolphins are emotional, altruistic animals, and they are entitled to their freedom.
This is the first year I was able to spend the 4th of July with my brother, Rich, in six years. He served in the Army and completed a tour in Afghanistan and came back last year after four years of service.
Whisk flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, espresso powder, and salt in medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat butter in large bowl until creamy. Add sugar and both extracts; beat until smooth. Add eggs; beat to blend. Beat in melted chocolate from medium bowl. Add dry ingredients; beat just to blend. Stir in remaining 1/2 cup chocolate chips. Measure 1 level tablespoonful dough; roll dough between palms to form ball. Place on prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining dough, spacing cookies 11/2 inches apart.
Hi Everyone, it's Lana here today to host this weeks challenge, but before I do let's find out the winners from challenge 3 which was Nikky's fab sketch
People in smokefilled areas should wear masks to cover their mouth and nose, Paijit said. “If you experience eye irritation or tightness in the chest, please seek medical help.”
And again, a politician with an ego that is too big and a brain that is too small…
Q Mr. President, hi. I want to revisit the issue of sacrifice. In 2009, you said that — expect the worst to come; we have not seen the worst yet. And now with these budget cuts looming, you have minorities, the poor, the elderly, as well as people who are scared of losing jobs fearful. And also, what say you about Congressman Chaka Fattah’s bill, the Debt Free America Act? Do you support that bill? Are you supporting the Republican bill that is similar to his, modeled after Congressman Fattah’s bill?
Sailing Homeward (1973)
NEXT SESSION: Spread the Word – volunteer induction
Thursday - Just came in for my evening desk time. Not as many chicks hatched as we had hoped - only 3 out of nearly 40 eggs! We need to get a digital thermometer apparently. The egg donor brought in a brown paper bag full of chicks to supplement ours. They are very fluffy...
I worked in this area 17 years ago and it was well-known then that young “gangstas” carried guns. In fact the notorious killing of a young Black girl by her brother happened in Aston. (4)
Then you will find yourself waking up at 3am in the morning with your characters kicking the inside of your brain. You’ll mumble, “Yes, yes, later. I’m too tired now. I had a long day looking at taps; I’ll deal with you in the morning.” And of course you won’t. Your characters, thus rejected, will start turning up in your dreams, they will haunt your gym sessions and you will, occasionally even call your project manager by your character’s name. But you will still not write.
"Yeah, what's your favourite?" asks Britney as their voices go out of earshot. Bev nudges me in the ribs as a way of telling me not to eaversdrop.
Considering the state of affairs in Japan, I think Joy will be stocking up on basic supplies we in Canada take for granted. I know she can't take back fruits and vegetables or risk confiscation, fines and worse, she may take back packaged snacks - items she can easily hand out and ones that will fly under the radar of the Japanese equivalent to the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs. So, it may be a visit marked by jaunts to the super stores in the area. All I know is I'll be happy to properly catch up, which we haven't been able to do with the fly-by visits we've had in the last five years. And, it gives me a chance to get to know the older Kaede and Emily so I have a different picture than the 10- and 5-year old versions I still have in my brain.
and weeping with her hand over the stove's red ringlets.
I'm tough. Really tough, honest.
of the photo but you get the idea hopefully.
Catholic church property to Muslims!
Once again Sakai and Junko are dispatched to cover the story. While Sakai and Junko try to ask Professor Miura, who is busy trying to take samples of the giant egg, questions about its origin, an entrepreneur of Happy Enterprises named Kumayama scurries the scientists off and explains that he bought the egg from the local villagers. The price of the sale was determined by taking the wholesale price of a chicken egg and multiplying it by the giant eggs mass. Instead of letting scientists study the egg, Kumayama wants to make it into a large tourist attraction. Sakai, Junko, and Professor Miura are disgusted and believe that Kumayama has no right to keep the egg.
Decorate mini wreaths
Karla: How does a chemistry professor end up being a paranormal romance author?
Fennel Gratin - I have been making this for the past two winters, and I keep meaning to post about it here. While anything slathered in cream and roasted is bound to be pretty good, this really goes above and beyond. It has been known to convert many a fennel-hater to the dark side.
The gang goes to Vegas episode didn’t really pan out. There was never really much in the way of jeopardy here and other than serving to bring Lorne back to LA the episode had no effect on any previous plots or future ones.
Xander innocently asked, "What are yall nuts?"
It's been an interesting day today. I found out what I already suspected. I didn't have to file income taxes over 2011. I had gotten no paperwork about it and started to get big doubts so I called the tax office. The woman I got on the line confirmed my suspicions and reassured me that I would not have to. That was a relief to hear. I thought I might have been going into default and have gotten into trouble.
* question my every move and motive
1. Mingling Before
Goonies presented by the Indianapolis International Film Festival
791 **D-I/14/1980. “Maimonides’s Letter on Apostasy.” Catholic-Jewish Dialogue Group, Chicago Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6), pp. 228-32.)
Anyway, there's big battles, a monster and other HOTT stuff in there, so away we go.
Well, I definitely planned to update sooner than today.
We are the World…USA for Africa
Below are shots from my book signing events and a jewelry contest hosted by Margot Potter and I at the F+W Media booth.
I don’t know whether Hawkinson was thinking of Melville or not, but spending time with his mighty Leviathon, its string of tiny brains and ribs created of men rowing, I was caught up in a sweep of thoughts on life and death not typically granted to me by contemporary sculpture. Hawkinson's whale both dreams and anticipates its own death, the whalers rowing towards it no doubt with harpoon in hand, but the whale is also able to make light of the horror in its use of playful materials like sculpey and crayola model magic. To repeat, the magnificent brow of the monster, which Ishamel weighs in on his chapter The Prairie, is to Hawkinson an ass. “Merrily, Merrily, Merrily, Life is but a dream.” Bottom steps forward to deliver his speech.
“In the wake of 9/11, my meetings with Arab and Pakistani Americans … have a more urgent quality, for the stories of detentions and FBI questioning and hard stares from neighbors have shaken their sense of security and belonging,” he laments. “I will stand with them should the political winds shift in an ugly direction.”
The writings of magical visionaries like Crowley and John Dee include a common element – a being each feared and regarded as the “evil of all devils”. Known as Choronzon, one perspective contends this a group entity while others claim it to be a demoness, associated with the number 333 as half of the enigmatic 666. It was claimed that it was possible that a student could inadvertently connect with this entity – and not his real HGA. If it can happen under the conditions prevalent when the rituals are performed in a presumably protected area, it stands to reason that a magi could use it and connect purposely with this false HGA.
I confess I have never understood why anyone would give up meat, pork, fish or any other animal worth eating to pursue a vegan lifestyle. A lot of people, however, must be doing this because there are three vegan cookbooks on my desk. Chloe’s Kitchen: 125 Easy, Delicious Recipes for Making the Food You love the Vegan Way by Chloe Coscarelli ($18.99, Free Press, softcover) lives up to its title by this TV personality. The book’s foreword by Dr. Neal D. Barnard explains how a vegan diet can help you lose weight, reduce cholesterol, and deal with diseases. The author demonstrates that vegan cooking need not be bland, visually unappetizing and mostly just sprouts. Fact is, the photos will make your mouth water. Da Capo Press is a major publisher of books about the vegan lifestyle and two of its latest titles are Gluten-Free Vegan Comfort Food by Susan O’Brien ($18.00, softcover) and Let Them Eat Vegan! ($20.00, softcover) by Dreena Burton, a hefty book with 200 recipes while the “gluten” book offers 125. Ms. Burton has authored two previous books of vegan recipes while Ms. O’Brien wears a number of hats as a food-management consultant.
Racked: 05-07-2007
Getting or giving presents : Well both are really nice, but I do love to see the pleasure on someone’s face when I give them something which they really like.
she's had hit singles inspired by oddball mystics like
Their lives were exciting, and would not make you yawn.
institutions like the International
"Right! I will not be adhering to the wisdom of a man who still thinks you catch a cold if you don't wear socks to bed!"
The Alchemist was the perfect end to a perfectly dark and chilly day in Old Melbourne Town and I would highly recommend paying a visit and trying one of their many winter cocktails over the next few months as they will help take the chill out of, what I am predicting to be, a cold winter.
As you would have seen from my other posts the Penguin comes in a brown paper bag with a hand drawn penguin on the front. It also comes with a beaut stopper so you can store it away for future indulgences.
What does that mean? Umm ... I can make people mad at me just by breathing? My hearing bottomed out an audiology test. I have an extremely detailed memory, which is actually less awesome than it sounds sometimes -- remembering the location of All The Things except for what I am actively looking for. I'm good at math, and explaining math, I enthusiastically explain things I like to people who don't necessarily have the background I do ... and I don't get dizzy easily, which probably helped with the whole gymnastic thing. Oh, and I'm awesome with kids. And apparently I read fast.
Life is more than re-creating a scene of Better Homes and Gardens. each piece in our homes should have purpose and eternal meaning. It is such a blessing and joy to teach our children to be purposeful in every area of life!
-1 metal slime skin, dropped off of metal slimes. These can be found near Canthus Castle, on the island that surrounds the castle's island. (Neutral World) This place is marked with ???? on the neutral world map located here. If you know a Goof Off with transmute skin skill, they can take 2 green slime skins and attempt to make them into metal.
We were cleaning out an old storefront. Pre-war construction, neglected for a time, had what realtors call “good bones”. As we prepared this once-grand space for a new purpose, it was decided that we’d remove the string of festival-style globe lights left by former occupants. The lights were fastened to ten foot moldings all the way around the room. The process would be painstaking.
On the left is the male, and yes, he's much smaller than the females. He's a red Mickey Mouse, you can't see his markings in this photo, but they're subtle and sort of cool looking. The yellow female is a Marigold Variatus Mickey Mouse, and the red female is is a Red Wag, no mickey mouse markings.
Lot’s of pictures taken, but not a lot of time to look through and work with them. But that’s the nature of it, eh? You have to take what you can get, and see what stands out from the rest.
Do you all do your own blog makeovers?
waves until i was covered in a cone of sea-blue sand. i stayed there
That's all for now, thanks for visiting!!! :)
For the last seven years, I’ve run a Guys Read Book Club for fourth and fifth grade boys. Here’s how it works: Each month, the boys and an adult (we love dads, but we’ve had moms, grandmas, and brothers) read a selected book. Then we meet, talk, and eat. Oh yeah, and act silly.
If you are truly a Christian and want to follow the teachings of Christ, why would you only want to tolerate a family member (or worse, shun them) simply because of whom they choose to love or care about? A great and supportive friend of mine named Amy says this: “Who cares what genitals a person has when it comes to love?” I doubt-if there really was a Jesus- he would think that rejecting another human being based on who they love was an acceptable way to live.
So let’s talk about the nutritional value of my favorite conch dish, conch salad. Conch salad has about 307 calories per serving, is very high in B & C vitamins and very low in fat. It’s a delicious & nutritious way to enjoy a true Caribbean delicacy!
Recently our little Squeak made the transition from the cot to her first big girl bed. I dutifully moved the cot into our study waiting to be dismantled and either stored or passed on, but kept finding reasons not to do it.
The brass petal is moving. Actually The Brass Petal is dead. Died. Cablooyee.
Now here is where you have to be mindful of the air temperature. You want to keep your bowl warm. What I do and you can do this too if you have a glass cook top with a warming burner. I turn the warming burner on lowest setting and set the bowl with the bread dough just to the side of the burner. You don't want your bowl directly on top of the burner because it will begin to bake the outer layer of the dough and it's not baking time yet.
Pennants and letters - Country Life,
Yes we may miss them terribly and
vinod asked, I am called for interview at Big Recruitment firm in few days the want to interview me before shortlisting for final candidate for their client. What would be the reason for such face to face interview with firm and how I should be prepared for it?
I can cook but don't enjoy it. I'm lonely and overwhelmed most of the time. Except when gardening or writing or playing with my cat, although my cat overwhelms me too.
So I went in on Monday just shopping around and all of her line had major discounts. The most recent collection had a 35% off. While other racks had 50% AND 60%!!
Recipe: Boulangere potatoes
Challenges: Mojo Monday Sketch #237
Les Nuits Populaires – Sing Different, Sing French!
Nutritional and dietary approaches
Ok, so basically the characters, who were stopping over at a small wild-elf enclave, more homestead really. Well, instead of pushing them onto the next leg of the journey, I had them get caught in the middle of a battle between 30 skeletons and an evolved wight riding upon a nightmare vs. an injured juvenile black dragon.
I won’t even look at them ma love
PS. I keep looking at the third violin, the one standing nearest the piano, who looks familiar. I wonder if it's Julio de Caro. I think he played with Firpo briefly in 1917; he would have been 17 or 18. Later he established his own orquesta.
However if you ask me about the trip I took with my family to Bermuda
Between each board and each row, we left a 1/16 gap. The plan all along was to paint this flooring, so we wanted it to LOOK like planks instead of just a solid, painted panel floor. We worked our way back and forth, alternating which side we started on with each row. We didn’t worry about the 11 inch pieces we needed for each end until we were completely finished with the room.
my beautiful friends, rocking our “burnt cinnamon” colored staff shirts.
The party is still a small minority in Parliament - but it is there and its popularity and therefore its potential can't be denied.
go through. After ninth grade, students have to pick either a
#2 Odd One Out
I really started to think of what the kid was doing in the drawing, what he was feeling and why. It no longer was about how the character looked. I am currently in the process of adding more details to the drawing that will develop the story behind the drawing. This time I am not screen recording my process because I feel that when I do, I rush myself. So not screen recording this time around allows me concentrate on the drawing instead having to worry about the time.For this drawing I haven’t decided if its going to have a dark feeling to it or maybe something completely different. If i do end up going to the darker side of the drawing, I am going to have to darker the clothes I already started to paint in.
From this opening passage we see that this book of Acts is a continuation of that which was earlier written, namely, the gospel of Luke. Both treatises were written to Theophilus, who in Luke 1:3, is addressed as “most excellent.” There is a degree of mystery associated with this man, who bears a Gentile name. Noting that he is “most excellent” speaks of his political authority, be it royalty or a lesser ruler. Noting the dating of the writing of these two treatises, Luke and Acts, being after 63 and as late as 68 AD, this man could well have been a governor of one of the cities visited by Paul when he was accompanied by Luke.
The authors report the unexpected finding of enterovirus VP1 protein, by immunoperoxidase staining, in carcinoid tumours found in one patient with myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome and another patient with chronic lower quadrant abdominal pain, and suggest a possible association between enteroviruses and tumorigenesis.
912 ***D-X/24/1985. “Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 1787.” Gannett Lecture Series, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, New York. (Incorporated in Item C-1986(6), above, and in Items B-4, above, pp. 50-60, 310-12 (1989).)
The brighter, more serious students were the least desirous of grades, possibly because they were more interested in the subject matter of the course, whereas the dull or lazy students were the most desirous of grades, possibly because grades told them if they were getting by.
I love mangoes.
Naturally, there are towns whose names might put-off the potential traveler. I wonder if Getaway is a recreational destination or a warning. I’m pretty sure I will avoid Crooksville when I travel. I might go through Bevis, Gomer, Meeker or Funk, but I’ve spent a lifetime trying to stay out of Bellevue!
With my crafty zone still undergoing a makeover and me therefore feeling out of sorts craft-wise, it's quite nice to be back on tags for a while... I'm sticking to simple one layer designs focusing on the technique rather than the perfect tag.
7:29-30). Observe that she acted on what Jesus said and went home; when she got
I’ve found this method usually gives me about 5 days grace. And it delivers water to the roots without wetting the leaves which is better for the plants. Plus there’s less water dripping down onto my neighbors balconies from over watering.
I’m not even going to talk about the bedroom on the left because it was just filled with junk. There was a bed somewhere, but it had long since seen the light of day. It looked like this bedroom was only storage. Now, the bedroom on the right…
He said 'Are you sure? I could drop by. I'm just on my way home. And I'm not gonna be doing anything really...'
Your active contribution to the process doesn’t have to amount to much at all. In one of the previous systems we had, the employee was required to evaluate themselves in about two dozen categories, including skills that seemed irrelevant to financial document analysis, like hopscotch and clay modeling. You had to come up with several sentences on each topic, then pick a number between one and six to rate yourself (one being “peak performer,” but secretly also the percentage of your increase). Objectivity was encouraged, so you had people admitting they let their sister’s boyfriend borrow the company helicopter, just to lend a ring of truth so that the rest of their self-promoting answers sounded plausible.
Various Averland-y miniatures from Mordheim warband set
My daughter interjected a little humor into the experience later in the day by sharing a story of her own. Often walking alone in a wild game preserve by her house, my son-in-law equipped her with mace in case she ever had the occasion to defend herself.
Hello and thank you for stopping by!!! Today I want to share a froggy-card with you I made for my great friend Anne-Marie and her little grandson Bevan. Frogs have a special meaning for them :)
Yesterday was a historic day for A poke at the box, a total of 45 viewers came to the site (single day highest up from 44), and only one of whom came from Facebook. Meaning, somehow, I’ve managed to generate traffic outside of my immediate network. However, 82% of the views were brought in through two strange Czech Republic blogs. I’ve yet to identify the meaning of all this, but I assume we are tagged under similar overarching topics. Sadly, no new subscribers. *cough*
Yesterday I dropped off some granola to the Iowa Valley Food Cooperative and picked up my own order for November. I thought this would be a good opportunity to show you the kinds of products available through the coop, all of which are local.
It is commonly assumed, because we’re referring to Sodom, that the “detestable thing” referred to in this passage is homosexuality.
Thou hast beguiled my hopes; nought but mine eye
Some things that worked for us:
Since my blouse was rather loose I thought it needed something to give a little waist defining. So I added a braided leather belt that was found at the thrift store. It was also kind of plain and so I added one of my favorite scarves.
It was necessary for us that the Word of God should start anew his conversation with us, to breach the distance, to restore God’s presence to us. The desire of God to share his life with us is expressed again in Christ who says: ‘I have called you friends, for all that I have heard from my Father I have made known to
It is the men and women, boys and girls so poured in and
Booties: Clarks
If you are a believer in The Secret or the philosophy that “like attracts like,” then you know what I’m talking about. If not, in the most basic of terms—what you think, say, and feel goes into the Universe and that is what you receive. If you put negativity out there, that’s what you will get. If you ask the Universe for money, peace, completing that half marathon, the Belly Dancer USA title, whatever, it has its way of making it into your life. It might not arrive exactly the way you expected, but I have found that it really does happen.
If you're a person of a certain age (as I am), you remember the gritty, awkwardly edited sci-fi fares of the 80's (The Road Warrior, Dune, The Last Starfighter and the like). And if you're like me, these films hold a certain place in your heart; one that maybe you couldn't have been so proud to profess at the time.
Now, where did I put those old magazines? The ones I was going to use to cover the box top?
BTW- Happy New Year to everyone!
Let there be joyous thoughts and joyous life.
The words of agony cut me down deep
Thank you to all who entered.
*A line from the very underrated comedy, Summer School, with Mark Harmon and Courtney Thorne-Smith. Well, it was funny when I saw it 25 years ago at the age of 13. So there!
I am not sure what NRI Hindus will say in place of Bharata Varshe Bharata Khande.. etc.. but the Vikruti Nama Samvatsara, Moola Nakshatra, Sukla Paksha , Sarvesheam Ekadasi, part should be common. Maybe they will just give the Julian Date and latitude and longitude. Devi can understand.
For obvious reasons, kill fee clauses are onerous for authors, who in some circumstances might have good reason to want to end a contract early, and can't do so without opening up their wallets. Plus, many publishers employ kill fee clauses abusively, holding them over the heads of unhappy authors, or attempting to use them as an income source by offering to jettison dissatisfied writers at the slightest provocation, or terminating the contracts of writers who've pissed them off and demanding the fee even though termination wasn't the writer's decision. EPIC, an association for epublished authors, identifies kill fees as a red flag contract clause--one that authors should absolutely avoid. I agree.
Reply to Objection #3:
Lord Jesus, Thank You that You care about things we usually fail to notice. I ask that You will help us to keep our eyes focused on You, our ears open to Your leading, and our hearts open to Your love. Help us not to loose sight of what You are doing. Help us to recognize those people who are “along side of the road” that you want us to respond to. And help us to expect amazing things everyday as we walk with You, our amazing God who can do far more abundantly than we can ask or think. In Jesus Name, Amen.
SOTRAMAs are a highly social means of transportation, by necessity: climbing aboard, you find yourself in close proximity to 20 other passengers, in a vehicle that might carry half that many in any wealthy country. Over the years I have learned some tips for quality SOTRAMA riding.
And now, so do I.
For Supervisors/Managers/Leads/Heads:
Don’t know about you, but I don’t want the US to roll back a century of history and hard-won victories for people who don’t necessarily fit the profile of the first American voters (white, male, over 21, and owners of property – in other words, like the GOP slate).
I began by looking for a good image of me and her which I could translate into fabric. I remembered that we both like cocktails and found a photograph of us sipping away on our "Sex On The Beaches."
You can read the early returns of Beckwith’s reporting at the Dome blog, with a traditional “dead tree” profile to come later in The News & Observer.
3 someone
so why have i allowed people to make me let go of all my hard work?
A pair of totally tubular surfer dudes hijack a motorboat, which promptly breaks down in the middle of the ocean. When a ship approaches them, they board, believing that they're saved. Little do they know that it's a ghost ship--literally!--haunted by the skeletal spirits of a pirate crew.
Though I'm not up to telling the story, I must share at least one picture from the Sears Portrait Studio Hell session, though.
He built up a collection of around 75 studies that led to over 20 One-Man Exhibitions of his photographs (some were sponsored by Kodak) in New York, London, The Edinburgh Festival, Photo Expo and many other UK & USA Cities.
Netizens commented, “So L’arc-En-Ciel is a fan of Girls’ Generation as well,” and, “it’d be daebak if they really went!”
for some!
I HATE paying over $4 a glass for it at some fancy-schmancy coffee house!
Sadly, just six days later Mary Jane died and Thomas, a 31 year old widower, was left to raise the infant on his own. Thomas buried Mary Jane in the cemetery at Union Primitive Baptist Church, which was the only church in the area. Union Church, now known as Burnt Church, is located on the Alapaha River in present day Lakeland, Lanier County, Georgia.
Because of this, the search for Public Administration as an autonomous science and as a specialized field was encouraged. Since Public Administration is so diverse a subject, there were those who proposed new ideas.
The announcement by the Postmaster that Saturday mail delivery may soon be suspended was a shock for those in the zinemaking community, as well as for postal enthusiasts, mailman spotters, and anyone who hates change.
. Bookmark (back and front)
Longer Shirt- Off Shoulder Shirt-Mr. Poet
It’s essentially confirmed in the trailer that Selina Kyle/Catwoman (Anne Hathaway) knows Bane, which solidifies my early suspicion that she’s been directly involved with Bane.
Hazard is linked with several clubs, including Manchester United. But they are no longer alone as Manchester City are ready to carry out the Manchester derby for the players from Belgium.
The NYC HDC, which Donovan chairs, funds projects geared to a greater mix of incomes, such as Atlantic Yards, where the rental units would be 50 percent market-rate, 30 percent middle- and moderate-income, and 20 percent low-income.
"Gay marriage makes a mockery of traditional marriage"
Take care all, luv 'n' hugs
- an amazing scented candles from Bright Sun Candles,
A rambutan has that crazy sort of alien fruit look. It’s spiky tentacles are actually quite soft to the touch and make it even more exotic in appearance. Once red, these peel off easily with the skin which is a little woody, but pliable. You can break the skin with a knife or your fingernail and peel it back revealing a juicy translucent globe. There’s a clear seed inside which can be avoided once you bite into it or you can cut it out.So how does it taste? I found it to be a little bit melon-like but with the texture of a ripe grape. It sort of reminds me of a lychee, but not many people have tried that either so I don’t know if that helps. It doesn’t really drip juices, but seems like it should. Depending on the ripeness of the fruit, it can vary in sweetness, but I’ve yet to taste one that gives an unripe sensation; however, an overripe one can seem a little bit fermented. These are fun, but maybe a little too extreme to be seen regularly in a kid’s lunchbox. They can seem expensive, but there’s very little waste and it’s not like you’ll eat dozens of them. It’s a fun treat in the world of interesting fruit.
Do you have some sort of physical condition that might keep you from physical activity? How do you combat it and fight through it?
More importantly, Polanyi pointed out that law-like processes directing chemical bonding would actually prohibit the generation of information. Laws determining the bonding of chemicals would invariably produce repetitive regularities. So if some natural law required that guanine bond to cytosine, thymine bond to guanine, adenine bond to thymine, and cytosine bond to adenine, the only possible DNA sequence would be “CGTA” which would appear repetitively along the DNA backbone. Information, however, requires specified variability (irregularities). It is oxymoronic to think regularity can explain irregularity. If natural laws determine the bonding properties of DNA and/or amino acids—and hence their arrangement—DNA would be incapable of generating the variability required to originate biological information. Even if the CGTA-CGTA-CGTA repetitive sequence was biologically meaningful, every gene would code for the same protein. Life, however, requires a wide array of proteins to carry out all the functions of the cell.
My phone beeped in the middle of the night and woke me up. Messages after messages poured in. I checked the clock and saw it was four in the morning.
4. Commentary on the Assange extradition appeal in the UK Supreme Court after two days of argument before the Justices
Paradise Research
But I feel it is all good for me and believe that Baclofen is helping me move forward to a healthier and brighter future. When I finally accept reality and take responsibility for changing the things in my life that I can change, except from running from it and seeking refuge in alcohol.
911 says they will send someone over to check it out.
See the top one, it's still dull and not very pretty.
That said, you can take my word for it – do download this album. Do it. Right now. All 16 tracks are available for free on the Bandcamp page, complete with lovable cover art and quirky titles like “Toaster Rodeo” and “Superbeard For Pete”. Don’t ask me what those signify.
But I had longed for them. I remember that sense of longing even now, I can feel it in my chest as if I'm there now, aged four or thereabouts, climbing the many, many stairs, up to the babies room.
AC: How much time do you have and who supervises you?
2. Get back into exercise/running. I know that is something that a lot of people say but I know I need to do it – if for anything, for my health. It’s just good to exercise and I don’t do it enough.
Martini
Many decisions to be made re: poem choice. Toss the ex-husband. Revive the dead husband. How much history to include? Keep it mostly au courant? There are a lot of pieces that aren't particularly pretty, pieces that might cause a ruckus. (Of course, that's assuming that 1) the collection gets published, and 2) someone reads it.) Include humor? (That's an easy one: yes.)
My first ever poll is closed (I kept the time period short since I was just trying out the feature). Here's how it came out:
If you would you like to receive notification of each new post on Carolyn’s Compositions, subscribe by typing your e-mail address in the SUBSCRIPTION box in the upper right hand column of this page. Notification will begin after you CONFIRM your subscription in an e-mail sent to you by wordpress for that purpose.
"Okay. Well you two have fun with that. See you when we get back."
Injerra. I’m with the Simpsons on this one. I can’t wait for your spongy texture, sour-spicy-bitter flavours, your yummy communal celebrations. Shiro, Dinich Wat and Doro Wat – YES PLEASE!
Elijah making the tag at home.
Ericson A, Eriksson M, Källén B, Zetterstrom R. Maternal occupation and delivery outcome: a study using central registry data. Acta Paediatr Scand 1987; 76: 512-518.
But, then I started thinking about it.
Start an exercise routine. I got up 30 minutes early everyday just to exercise in my family room. Anything that gets your blood pumping. If your thing is walking, take one of those pictures with you on the walk and really meditate on how you’ll feel when you’re that size.
today is his last day being 2.
"Tomb of Our Fathers" is the first standout, with its groovy, Asphyx-like riffing and completely unintelligible lyrics... "Raw Life" is a lurching, undead-Golem of a riff/song, and highlights one of the qualities of this record-- it's just as rawly-produced as its predecessor-- you can hear absolutely every ambient sound during the recording, and (during the silences at least), it's pretty fucking cool; it underscores the heavier riffs once they start back up, and "Raw Life" clearly shows this effect.
The Elf imagining
In Canada.
Picking a toolbox. All of the basic tools you should have in your toolbox.
75. Wear a sun dress without feeling like a whale.
To run numbers, it's essential that we take into consideration the geographic realm of the business.
I loved Queen. Still do, to this day. I was not about to allow whatever came next to ruin my appreciation for the operatic 'Somebody to Love.'
Wednesday night it is Kielbasa on the grill with sauerkraut! Tim and I are both fans of kraut. Must be the German in us! ha!
